1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Collection of Duties on Imports—Reports.
Ho. of Keps.
tution, imposes a positive duty on a State, and I
the State neglects or refuses to perform it, no one \
pretends that Congress can march an army into i
the State or blockade its ports to enforce obedi- !
ence. nor can the same thing be done if a State ;
docs that which the Constitution expressly for- !
bids. If a State cannot be held to this rcsponsi- ;
bihty for its own acts of disobedience, much less ;
can it be held to it for the acts of disobedience of,:
its individual citizens. ,
But it is contended by those who hold that the
Federal bond of umori is indissoluble, and who i
do notadnnt that aState can, in any case, declare I
lis citizens absolved from their obligation to obey, !
that the laws must be enforced, under all circum-
stances, and by whatever amount of force may !
be necessary, against each and every citizen, if
an individual commits an infraction of a Federal
law, tins class of persons would not allow him to
escape on a plea that he is not bound to obey, but
would proceed to try and punish him as though
he had not claimed absolution. But before pro-
ceeding to punishment, they would give him the
benefit of all the provisions of the Constitution, .
especially of those incorporated into itfromJtLvgHa ,
Charttti and constituting the boast and bulwark of
Anglo-Saxon liberty.
In this theory of rhe Constitution and of the
nature of the Government, the bill proposed by
the committee can find no sanction. So far nom
being in execution of the laws of the Union, it
abiogates those very laws, the enforcement of
which is its professed object. Instead of compel-
ling individuals to pay duties on imports, it puts
it out of the power of those who wish to pay
duties to do so. By its enactment into a law, large
numhcis of persons, including those who are will-
ing to pay all the duties exacted by the Govern-*
ment, will be subjected to direful calamities; their
propelty will be wasted and their means of sub-
sistence will be destroyed, not for any refusal on
their part to obey the law, but because of a gov-
ernmental policy adopted by their State, over
which they had no control. Charged with no vio-
lation of law, they will be summarily punished
for disobedience, without " public trial byan im-
partial jury," without "being informed of the
nature and cause of the accusation," without
44 being confronted with the witnesses against
them," without 4t having compulsory process fur
obtaining witnesses in their favor," and without
"iumng the assistance of counsel for their de-
fense." By its operation, millions of dollars of
the property of peaceful and industrious citizens,
against whom no charge is made, and to whom
no opportunity will be afforded to show the alac-
rity with which they will obey all laws, will be
strickcn down and destroyed. And yet the Con-
stitution guaranties to every citizen the right to
trial by jury, " where the value in controversy
shail exceed twenty dollars." Thus the blow,
which tan be legitimately aimed only at theguilty,
falls with equal weight upon the innocent, and
both guilty and innocent are punished without
allowing to them the benefit of those safeguards
which the Constitution secures even to the vilest
malefactor, in the execution of the laws, hostile
force can only bo used against those individuals
who will not otherwise obey them. iNnie hun-
dred and ninety-nine of a thousand citizens in a
given community may willingly obey the law,
and force can only be used against the one who
disobeys; nor can he be punished otherwise that^
according to the law and the Constitution. So, if
but one obeys, no force can be used against him;
if all disobey, all may be forced, not m the ag-
gregate, but each to the discharge of his own in-
dividual obligation. They arc not guarantors for
each other, nor is the State a guarantor for the
good conduct in this regard of ail or any portion
of its citizens.
It seems clear, then, that, under the power
to prowde means to execute the lawsof the
Union/' Congress cannot assume the light to
wage hostilities against a State, or against all the
people of a State in the aggregate.
Can U do so under the power " to suppress in-
surrection ?" Nothing would seem to be clearer,
nor would any proposition receive nioie univeisal
assent, than that a State in us corporate or aggre-
gate political capacity cannot be guilty of insur-
rection any more than it can be guilty of treason,
felony, or riot. All or a portion of its citizens
may be. Some of its citizens, in conjunction with
some of the citizens of another Stale, may be in
insurrection, in either such case the Government
may suppress it, not by assailing the State or
States and all their citizens, for neither State lines
nor State citizenship could be noticed, but by
seizing and punishing the insurgents according to
the law and the Constitution. If the object is to
suppress the insurrection by dispersing the insur-
gents, it must be done byan attack on them, and
not by a blind and ruthless assault upon all the
people of the State or neighborhood, for no prin-
ciple of law or justice will permit the innocent and
the guilty to be confounded. The latter remedy
cannot be used even against individuals except
while they are in flagrante delicto, and for the
purpose of dispersing. Punishments can only be
inflicted after civil process issued, and after due
prosecution according to law. To adopt thesum-
mary process against a State on pretense that it
is in insurrection against a law which has been
repealed, would be absurd, and might be treated
as a nullity if it did not involve civil war in its
train.
In as far, then, as the bill is an attempt to co-
erce a State or States, and to punish whole com-
munities for the delinquencies of individuals, as
a means of compelling States to relinquish their
purposes of secession from the Union, it is be-
lieved to be violative of the Constitution.
The Constitution gives to Congress power to
regulate commerce; but it may be questioned
whether that carries with it a right to destroy
commerce, or to prohibit it in apoition of the
States. It is not doubted that Congress has a
right to establish and to abolish ports of entry;
and so long as this right isexercised in good faith,
its legitimacy cannot be successfully questioned.
But when it is used confessedly not to regulate,
but to destroy, so that there shall be none to reg-
ulate, it is a violation of the spirit and intentand
of the very letter of the Constitution; as much so
as it would be for Congress to enact, under its
power " to coin money and regulate the value
thereof," that in certain States or m certain towns,
on their being proclaimed rebellious by the Pres-
ident, the use of money should be forbidden to
ail the inhabitants.
Again; article one, section nine, of the Consti-
tution. says: " no pi eference shall be given by any
regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports
of one State over those of another." It would
seem to an unsophisticated mind that to abolish
all the ports of entry m a State, and to subject
its citizens to heavy penalties for attempting to
engage in commerce, are certainly acts that give
a preference to ports of other States ovei those of
the proscribed otate. But it is said this bill is
general, and applicable alike to all the States; and
that even if it was applicable to only one State it
would not violate the Constitution, because it does
not require nil the ports to be closed in that State.
To this it may be replied, that the bill is adroitly
framed so as to appear to be general, but in reality
it is not so. It does not operate at all except oil
a proclamation by the President, and it rests en-
tirely with him to say where it shall operate, as
well as when and how long. Under its provis-
ions he may close up and blockade all the ports
in one State without closing any others. So that,
under the very best, construction that can be
placed on it, it is an attempt to authorize him to
do what the Constitution says shall not be done.
Still more clearly is the other clause of the same
section violated: " nor shall vessels bound to and
from one State be obliged to enter, clear, and pay
duties m another." For after all the poits of en-
try in Georgia have been closed, if a vessel shall
sail from the West Indies with a cargo of nio-
i lasses bound to Savannah, she cannotgo intoSa-
! vannah river without having fiist entered and paid
1 duties, and thence cleared coastwise in eome State
whose ports have not been closed. If she refuses
to do that which the Constitution says shall not
be required of any vessel, the captain and Ins ves-
sel will be seized and carried off, perhaps to Maine,
where he will be fined $1,000, and his vessel and
caigo will bo confiscated.
A sain: article three, section two, of the Con-
stitution says, "the trial of all crimes, except in
cases of impeachment, shall be by jiuy; and such
trial shall be held in the State where the said crimes
shall have been committed*" And the.sixth,
amendment to the Constitution says," in all erinv-
inal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the rigfet
to a speedy and public trial-by an impartial jiury
cf the State and district wherein the crime shall have
been committed...
Under the provisions of the hill, a vessel seized
within the district of Georgia—that is, within three-
miles of its coast—may be carried, with its captain -
and cargo, into any other State for trial and con-,
demnation. It is said the offense is oot technic,
caiiy " a crime," and the proceeding is not "a
criminal prosecution.99 Unacquainted with the
technicalities of the law, the undersigned is not
prepared to controvert this assertion; but he re-
spectfully submits that, if the captain has not been
guilty of such a ciime as entitles him to the safe-
guard guarantied by the Constitution to- petty,
offenders, he ought not to be subjected to so se--
vere a penalty as a fine of $1,000 and forfeiture;,
of his vessel and cargo, however valuable. The
punishment is disproportioned Xo the offense. lit-
he has been guilty of a crime, he is protected by
the Constitution from being tried out of the dis-
trict; if he has not been guilty of a crime, the
pains and penalties of the bill are excessive.
So inconsistent with the nature of our Confe4~
eracy is the effort to substitute force for affection,
as the bond of union, that every attempt to frame*
measures of coercion must, equally with this, en-
counter grave and manifold constitutional diffi-
culties.
The undersigned i>. aware that, in recommend-
ing this bill in preference to one providing for the
immediate use of military force within the har^
bors of the seceding States, the committee were'
mainly actuated by a desire to postpone as long
as possible an actual collision of military forces.
But war will be the inevitable consequence of the
passage of this bill; and it is suitable that the
House, in deliberating on it, should take into its
consideration the probable consequences of war
between the Federal Government and a large por-
tion of the States. No human eye can take in all
the scenes of that bloody drama, which will lay
waste this fairest home of freedom, and blot out
all traces of the contentment, happiness, and pros-
perity which have been developed in an unpar-
alleled degree under the rnild and peaceful rule of
a Governmentof affection. But some of its im- .
mediate and least doubtful political consequences
may properly be adverted to. %
In the first place, what object will this Govern-
ment have in view in entering upon and prose-
cuting the war? At what point will it be willing
to .sheathe the swoid, arrest hostilities on land
and sea, and lepeal hostile legislation? Would it
he when the seceding States consent to assume
the payment of all dues to the Federal Govern-
ment winch their citizens would become liable to
pay under existing laws? if so, Congress had
better tender that to them, in advance, as the al-
ternativeof thesword. When, in 1813,and again
in 1815, Congress was driven by the necessities of
war to levy an odious and unpopular tax, which,
as former experience taught them, would lead to
popular tumult, if not insurrection, authority was
given for the States respectively to assume the
portion which would be payable by their citizens.
If securing the revenue is the sole object of this
war, and its prosecution is to cease when that ob-
ject is attained, why not make the offer before,
the war commences? "Will you prosecute it until
you can ge'. persons to accept the offices of judge,
marshal, district attorney, collector of customs,
&c.? He who is brave enough to accept Federal
office in the seceding States, is too brave to bow
under the Federal lash. It will be easier to fill
these offices by persuasion before, than by com-
pulsion after, the war begins. Will you not cease
hostilities until the seceding States consent to
send Senators and Representatives to Congress?
It will be easier to induce them to that course
by conciliation—by removing grievances and all
grounds of apprehension for their safety in the
Union—than by waging war. Dissolution would
inevitably follow war. What, then,is to be gained
* Thi« i# bchuved to he the only instance of a repetition
m the Constitution—a ptool at once of the accuracy ot t'ie
; framets, and of tiieii devotion to the great safeguard of trial
I by jury of the vicinage.
