1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
After an examination, those who voted for the
bill to which I have referred, voted against it.
I have forgotten now what became of it, but 1 am
quite sure, on a statement of the amount which,
according to the terms of that bill, would have
been paid, it was rejected by the Senate almost
unanimously.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Connecticut
will allow me, he is in part correct, and in part
very incorrect, in his recollection. The fact is,
the bill he refers to was a bill for the relief of Ar-
thur Edwards and his associates, which passed
Cong- ress and proposed to fix the precise sum that
was to be paid-per pound each trip for carrying
the mail-, and the Assistant Postmaster General
notified the President that upon that basis it would
require a very large sum. The President vetoed
the hill. It then came back, and the bill was
again introduced in the precise form in which this
bill is, authorizing the Postmaster General to audit
their account for services rendered, and to pay
them what was equitably due. It passed without
dispute, and became a law. Whether it has been
audited by the Postmaster General or not, I do
not know.
I was on the committee, and know all about
that bill; and the difficulty was, that it fixed a
precise sum per pound that was to be paid in the
first instance; and, as they calculated itat thepe-
partmont, they made it so large—much larger than
the claimants said it would be—that the President
vetoed it; and then it came back, and we passed
it in this shape, sending it to the Postmaster Gen-
era! to audit.
Now, sir, let me say a single word in relation
to this matter. I think these contractors—Gid-
dings & Co.—have a higher claim upon this Gov-
ernment than any contractors that ever came be-
fore them. They are the real pioneers of tins
overland mail route. They went on and estab-
lished it long before the Butterfield contract was
entered into, or before they had explored it; and
they had their mails on there, and were perform-
ing regular contract service from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. 1 do not remember the names of the
termini of their road.
Subsequently, Congress passed an act author-
izing the Butterfield folks to establish an overland
route. Instead of taking the overland route which
it was the manifest intention they should take—
the cential route—they came down on to the very
route that Giddings & Co. had before explored,
on which they had been the pioneers, and occu-
pied a considerable portion of the route upon
which Giddmgs & Co. were running their mail,
and winch they had occupied long before Butter-
field ever thought of it; so that the credit of beuv*
the pioneer m this overland road is due to Gid-
dings. Then, the Postmaster Genetal, after the
Butterfield folks had comedown and taken a con-
siderable portion of their route , discontinued the
middle of their route, leaving them several hun-
dred miles on the Pacific coast and several hun-
died miles on the Atlantic coast, and deducted
from them a pro rata amount, leaving them at the
trouble and expense of maintaining the western end
on the Pacific,and the eastern end on the Atlantic.
Well, sir, finally, there were some other deduc-
tions made, and the Postmaster General, Mr.
Brown, then entered into a new contract with
them, which was supposed on all hands to exhaust
the power that was reserved to the Postmaster
General to limit and control their contract; and
yet, notwithstanding that, afterwards there was a
still further reduction of the route and of the pay
made. When that was done, the inhabitants
upon the route petitioned and sent remonstrances,
many of which have been published; and General
Twiggs, I think it was, the commanding officer
of the Army in that region, notified the Govern-
ment here that it was absolutely necessary for the
existence of the Army that this mail should be
earned; and by the univeisal call of the citizens
and of the Aimy for the carrying of this mail,
agieraUy to a .second contract made with Post-
master General Crown, they went on. This res-
olution now proposes simply to pay fhem, not
for thoir original contract route, not for any dam-
ages that they have lost by the curtailment of
their route, but for the services that they did ac-
tually peri'oim upon their contract in obedience to
the universal call of the citizens of the country
and the Army of the Government; and it is for
that that this resolution proposes to pay them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The statement of a Sen-
ator [Mr. Foster] shows that it may be a matter
of some importance with reference to the amount
that is to be paid under this resolution. It may
be all right; but there does not seem to be any
information before the Senate to justify our voting
it through in this form. I hau rather let it go
over until to-morrow. If the Senate adjourns
now, it will come up to-morrow as the unfinished
business. If I am satisfied at that time it is right,
I.shall vote for it. 1 wish to give gentlemen time
to look into it. The Senator from Ohio holds the
report in his hand. It is a long report, and Sen-
ators are impatient. We are not now in a con-
dition to hear that report understanding^, and
to vote, perhaps, advisedly on it. I therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to appeal to the Senator
from North Carolina. His motion, if now put
and carried, places myself, as a short time since
the temporary occupant of the chair, in a very
unpleasant predicament. I stated to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron-,] then, that
if the tariff bill was informally laid aside, it would
be the unfinished business to-morrow. Here is
a proposition to leave another matter as unfinished
business, and I shall be placed in the attitude or
having deceived that Senator.
Mr. HALE. Let this resolution be the un-
finished business of the morning hour.
Mr. FITCH. With that modification, I am
perfectly willing to agree to it, if it is understood
that the tariff bill is the unfinished business at the
expiration of the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThcChairwill
state that they will be under the control of the
Senate to-morrow morning, whether they will
proceed with the consideration of this bill or with
other business.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from North
Carolina willallow me, I think, before we adjourn,
we might unanimously adopt the resolution ex-
tending the courtesy of the Senate floor to the
peace commissioners now in Washington. Itcan
be done by common consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina withdraw the motion
to adjourn?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw it if that
can be done by general consent, without debate.
Mr. MASON. It is too late to do that now.
We have refused that courtesy heretofore, and I
think it is too late now to do it.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us do it by common con-
sent. I move to proceed to the consideration of
that resolution.
Mr. FITCH. 1 shall not interpose any ob-
jection; but I was about to propose to the Senator
from Pennsylvania to provide that this courtesy
might be recipiocal. I understand they sit with
closed doors. ["Oh, no."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to take up the resolution indi-
cated by the Senntor from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ifit meets with objection,
I will insist upon my motion to adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 13, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
COUNTING OF VOTES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Ordered, That the Clerk inform the Senate that the House
of Representative* i> now ready to leceivc that body for
the puipo-=e of proceeding to open and count the votes of
the dcetoisof the several States tor Picaident and Vice
Piesident of the United States.
GOVERNMENT LOAN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury which I
send up may be read.
The communication was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 13,1861.
Sir: It is indispensable that i should give to-day notice
of a loan of $8,000,000, m order that the Government may
be in funds to meet indispensable payment on the 1st prox-
imo. The obstacles unexpectedly thrown in the way of the
passage of the bill reported by youi committee yesterday,
authorizing the acceptance of the guarantee proffered by
several of the States, compel me reluctantly to ask for the
Joan on the usual terms; tor in the present distracted state
of the country, should it continue, I fear there must be a"
loss of $800,000. Under all the circumstances, however,
instead of calling for .$2,000,000, as 1 suggested in my letter
to you of the 11th instant, I have thought it advisable to ask
for $8,000,000, reserving the right of declining to accept
bids which may be deemed disadvantageous to the United
Siate?, and taking the cliancc of a favorable change In the
political condition of the country within the next ten days,
at the end of which proposals tor the loan will be received.
Allow me to remind you that the loan bill, under which
1 ask for proposal?, was not presented for the approval of
the President until the 8tb instant; and that on the 9th (Sat-
urday) there was not a quorum of your committee to net
on the bill teported yesterday, accepting the guarantee of the
States. 1 advert to these circumstances to exonerate my-
self, m the judgment of those who have an interest in the
di>chuige o! the liabilities pressingupon the Treasury,from
any want of diligence on my part.
Your committee,! believe,all understand thatmorethan
$5,000,000 of Treasury notes have been redeemed out of the
current leveiiues; that about two million dollars more fall
due before the 4th of March, le^s the amount paid in for
public dues, making nearly the $8,000,000 now required to
meet the public wants before that day; thatinoie than on*-
thud of the icvenue derived from the customs is paid in
Treasury notes due at a future day; and that the present
embariassed state of the Treasury arises from the operation
of a paper system which compels the Government to an
ticipate the payment of its debts out of its current rev-
enues.
As i have decided to issue the notice for a loan to-day,
I am contained to request that the hill reported yesterdav
may not be acied on, a* the expectation of a call for a loan
at a luture day on guarantied stock, could not fail to hav 
a very disadvantageous effect on the proposals to be made
for that now asked for.
With the request that this communication may be sub-
mitted to your committee, I am, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, JOHN A. DIX,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee qf Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to meet the press-
ing necessities of the Treasury, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the bill
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The bill was lead, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That,
in the place of any part of the loans now authorized bylaw,
the President of the United States is authorized to issue
coupon bonds of a denomination of not less than fifty dol-
lars, bearing not to exceed six per cent, interest, and run-
ning not to exceed twenty years ; and he is authorized to
apply such bonds at par to the payment of such creditors or
the Government as choose to receive them : Provided, That
the aggregate amount issued uuder this act. and the acts
now in force authorizing loans, shall not exceed the amount
authorized by said acts.
Mi. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will not object; as the simple effect of the
bill will be, to give to the creditors of the United
States who are willing to receive them, coupon
bonds of the United States of not less denomina-
tion than fifty dollars, as evidence of indebtedness.
They must be taken at par; and no new debt is
authorized. Creditors of the Government have
a right to such relief; and I trust the bill will be
put upon its passage at once.
Mr. GARNETT. After the recent declaration
of war by the President elect of the United States,
I deem it my duty to interpose every obstacle to
the tyrannical and military despotism now about
to be inaugurated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am bound to say, that the
Government will pay its debts and maintain its
authority. At the earliest moment possible 1 shall
move a suspension of the rules, in order that I
may introduce the bill.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If debate
is not in order, I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The session of the House
to-day is for a spccial purpose; and the Chair
thinks all business should be suspended until the
arrival of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to present a petition
from citizens of Bellows Falls, in my State.
Mr. KILGORE. I must object to any busi-
ness being done.
Mr. GROW. I would ask the Speaker whether
the House cannot proceed with its ordinary busi-
ness umil the arrival of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds that, on the
last occasion when votes wete counted, the Speaker
ruled it out of order to transact any other busi-
ness until the votes were counted.
COUNTING OF VOTES.
At twenty minutes after twelve o'clock, the
