894:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Doorkeeper announced the Senate of the United
States.
The Senate entered the Hall, preceded by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and headed by the Vice Pres-
ident and their Secretary, the members of the
House rising; to receive tnem.
The Vice President took his seat on the right
of the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
and presided over the joint convention of the
two flouses. The members of the Senate occu-
pied seats provided for them in the area of the
Hall.
Mr. Trumbull, the teller appointed on the part
of the Senate, and Messrs. Phelps, and Wash-
burne of Illinois, the two tellers appointed on the
part of the House, took their seats at the Clerk's
desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT then said: The two
Houses being assembled, in pursuance of the
Constitution, that the votes may be countcd and
declared for President and Vicc President of the
United States for the term commencing on the
4th of March, 1863, it becomes my duty, under
the Constitution, to open the certificates of elec-
tion in the presence of the two Houses of Con-
gress. I now proceed to discharge that duty.
The Vice President then proceeded to open
and hand to the tellers the votes of the several
States for President and Vice President of the
United States, commencing with the State of
Maine.
The votes having been opened and counted, the
tellers, through Mr. Trumbull, reported the fol-
lowing as the result of the count:
Statement of votes for President and Vice President of the United States for four years from the 4th of
Marchy 1861.
303
Maine 
New Hampshire.
Massachusetts
Rhode Island
Connecticut 
Vermont 
New York 
New Jersey .....
Pennsylvania....
Delaware   
Maryland 
Vugmia 
North Carolina ..
South Caiofma ..
Geoigia 
Kentucky  
Tennessee 
Ohio 
Louisiana 
Mississippi  
Indiana  
Illinois 
Alabama 
Missouii 
Arkansas 
Michigan 
Florida 
Texas 
Iowa.   
Wisconsin 
California 
Minnesota....
Oregon 
President.
180
Vice President.
£ .
£ =
12
12
Whole number of votes.
JVeeessaiy to a choice...
The VICE PRESIDENT then said: Abraham
Lincoln, of Illinois, having rcceivcd a majority of
the whole number of electoral votes, is elected
President of the United States for four years,
commencing the 4th of March, 1861. Hannibal
Hamlin, of Maine, having received a majority of
the wholenumber of electoral votes, isdulyelecied
VicePresidentof the United States for four years,
commencing the 4th of March, 1861.
The business for which the two Houses were
assembled having been finished, the Senate will
now return to its own Chamber.
The Senate, headed by the Vice President and
its officers, then retired from the Hall.
The SPEAKER called the House of Repre-
sentatives to order.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I trust that the House will
not adjourn, unless there is an understanding that
the Pacific railroad bill shall come up as a special
order to-morrow morning. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeus and nays were ordered.
^Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw the motion to
adjdurn.
Mr. WINSLOW There is no gentleman in
the House whom I would be more willing to oblige
than the gentleman from Ohio; but in the history
of the Government there is no instance in which
the House has not adjourned after counting the
vote for President and Vice President.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is mistaken In
1853 the House proceeded with its business after
counting the votes.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allei, Avery, Beali!, ISocock, Brab^oil,
Branch, IJristow, Riown, BufFmton, Burnett, Butterticld
Case, Horace F. Clark, John IS. CJaik, Claik 13. Cocluane
Conkling, Comvay, fiuiton Craijre, John G. Davi , Dawe*'
DoJainettf, Delano, Edmundsou, Ethvaid-, Ely. En lnli
Fainsworth, Floience, G.nnett, Gooeli. Oiaham, Uurley!
Hall, J. Morrison Han is, John T. Harn=,'riaikin, Hickman
Hoard, Ilolman, Hughes, Hutchins, Kurikel, Leake. Lo"an'
l.onjrnecker, Lovejov, Maroon, Charles D. Martin. Elhert
S. Mai tin, McOlernawl, McKcntv, McPlierson, Million
Nelson, Niblaek, Nixon, Noell, 1'ettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pot-
tci, Pottle, Edwin it. Reynolds. John H."Re>noJd< Ri<w<5
James C. Robinson, Royee, Rnffin, Sinims, William N?h'
Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Tappan'
Thayer, Thomas, Tompkin*, Train, Trimble, Vallandi*'
bam, Walton, Cadwaladci 0. Wnshburn. ElhhuB. Wa«fi-
burne, Webster, Window, and Wright—Pfi.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles P. Adam*, Admin, Aldrich
Allen, Thomas L. AikI.t-oii, Ashley, Bair, Uariet Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Hotek-r, Uiayton, Bfiugj, Burch, IUnn-
ham. Campbell, Caiey, Cobuiri, John Cochrane, Colfax
Convm. Covodf. Cow James Ciais, Curtis, H Winter
J)avi-s Duel!. Dunn. Edtrerton, Eliot. Etherid^f, Fenton
Feuy, Fo^er, Frank, Ficiich, Uilnier. Hale, Hamilton!
Ilattou, Helmiek, William Howaid, William A. Howard
Humphrey, Ttvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon'
Lanabee, DeWitt C. Leaeh, Lee, Loomifc, ivfaclay, IVIal-
lory, Maynard, McKnight, Millward, Lab an T. Moore,
Moorhead, Mori ill. Edward Joy Morris. Isaac N. Morris,
Morse, Palmer, Peny, Portei, Quarles, Rice, Christopher
Robinson, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles,
Somes, Spauldirii?, Spinner, Stanton, Stokes, Stout, Van
Wyck, Verrce, Wade, Wakhon, Wells, Woodinff, and
Woodson—89.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, was still detained at his rooms
by indisposition.
Mr. ALDRICH stated that Mr. Windom was
absent in consequence of sickness in his family.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CURTIS. I now move that the special
order of the Pacific railroad be continued over till
to-morrow, so that the House may now adjourn.
Mr. G-ARNETT. I suppose that requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir; it does not.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
in order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
point of order.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the previous question
on the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary. No de-
bate is in order.
_M#\ CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The pre-
vious question was not called till after I obtained
the floor, and was recognized by the Chair. Then
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sickles]
proposed to call the previous question. I have as
good a right to the floor as the gentleman from
New York, and I will keep possession of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina was recognized and has the floor, and is
entitled to be heard as far forth as any member
can be heard on this subject. No debate on this
question is in order.
Mr„ CRAIGE, of North Carolina. There was
a motion made to postpone the special order on
the Pacific railroad bill. I then rose to a point of
order, and I have a right to state it.
The SPEAKER The Chair will hear it with
great pleasure.
Mr. CRAIGE, ofNorth Carolina. A few days
ago, on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. CoRW!N,j to-morrow was set apart for the
consideration of the report of the special commit-
tee of thirty-three. Now, I hold that it is not
competent for the House, on the mere motion
of the gentleman from Iowa, to supersede that
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
that question will be decided when it arises to-
morrow.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That is the
very point. But the gentleman from Iowa desires
to have it decided now. He moves to postpone
the special order of to-morrow and to substitute
for it the special order on the Pacific railroad bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
nothing can be decided at present on that subject.
The only question to be settled now is, as to the
postponement of this special order till to-morrow.
If the point of order be raised to-morrow, it can
be decided then.
Mr. WINSLOW I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. That motion is not in order.
No business has been done since the House voted
on it hist.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays,
on the motion to adjourn.
COMMITTEE TO "WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit, as a
privileged motion, the ordinary resolution for the
appointment of two members of this House, to
join one member of the Senate, to be appointed
by that body, to wait on the President elect, and
inform hun that he has been elected President of
the United States for four years, commencing 4th
March, 1861. °
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Ohio that that resolu-
comes, oidinartly, from the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It came last time from the
House; I am following the usual course.
Mr. HIISDMAN. I suggest that the same
committee be directed to inform General Scott that
there is no further need for his janizaries about
