310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30, 1861.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Collection of Duties on Imports—Reports.
Ho. of Reps.
by war, except to enable one portion of the people
of the Union to gratify a feeling of hatred and
revenge towards another portion.
The cries that the " Union must be preserved
at all hazards," and that " the honor of the flag
must be maintained," do not even gloss over the
real actuating motive of those who clamor for
war, though many honorable and patriotic indi-
viduals are undoubtedly blinded into the belief
that such are their objects, and that their means
are conducive to their ends. The Union cannot
be preserved by civil war, nor can the honor of
the flag be added to or maintained on the bloody
fields of fraternal slaughter. j
One more <sf the probable consequences ought
not to be overlooked. Atpresentsix States have
withdrawn from the Union, and the expectation
is entertained that only two more will at present
gursue the same course. There are seven other
tates having the same interest in the institution
of slavery, that are only restrained from severing
their connection with the Union from a lingering
hope that the non-slaveholding States will take
effectual steps to render them secure, and to induce
the return of those which have seceded. They
are now discharging faithfully, but in sadness, all
the duties imposed on them by the Federal Con-
stitution. While they remain in the Union, they
will fight its battles againstall mankind, and scru-
pulously obey all its laws. But the undersigned
feels justified in saying that not one of those States
will furnish men or money, nor in any other man-
ner aid, directly or indirectly, in waging war upon
their brothers,with whom they sympathize even in
their errors. Whenever the laws of the Union im-
pose that obligation, they will withdraw from the
Union, and throw off the obligation of its laws.
Not an arm will they raise, nor a blow strike, to im-
pose the yoke or inflict vengeance on those who
nave been harassed and persecuted for thirty years
by a merciless and mtermeddlingfanaticism, until
at length they have been driven into revolution.
The objects for which the Union was formed,
as they are set forth in the preamble to the Con-
stitution, were: 1. To form a more perfect Union
than had previously existed. 2. To establish jus-
tice. 3. To insure domestic tranquillity. 4. To
provide for the common defense. 5. To promote
the general welfare. 6. To secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity. Civil
war cannot conduce to one of those ends, nor can
it coexist with even a semblance of regard to those
great objects. When Congress so far forgets the
great and beneficent objects for which.it was cre-
ated as to endeavor to hurl one half of the Union
against the other half in bloody conflict, its com-
mands will not be obeyed; the obligations of the
Union will be promptly and sternly thrown off.
The responsibility will surely rest on those who
command so unnatural an act; but Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee,
Kentucky, and Missouri, with seven millions of
population, will take upon themselves all the re-
sponsibility incident to the occasion. In the name
of Christianity and civilization they will protest
against it; and, if necessary, with arms in their
hands, and with such assistance as they can obtain
from other States, will forbid the foul and infa-
mous deed.
It may be asked, are the laws of the Union to
be set at naught,and its authority denied ? When
only privateindividuals assume to disregard them,
they can and ought to be enforced. The Govern-
ment has always been strong enough in physical
forces and m the affections of its citizens to exe-
cute them whan only opposed by individuals.
Wide-spread discontent and formidable combina-
tions have been overcome without the shedding
of blood by an armed soldiery. Similar difficul-
ties could now be overcome in a similar manner.
It is a striking fact, that up to the moment of se-
cession the laws of the United States have been
scrupulously and punctually obeyed in every se-
ceding State. No tendency to relapse into an-
archy, or disposition to escape from the restraints
of law, has been anywhere exhibited. But when
the resistance proceeds from States—not a single
State, but an entire class of States—and the resist-
ance is not to a law, but to the whole authority
; of Government, the difficulty not only becomes
i greater in magnitude, but the nature of the case is
• altogether changed. It ceases to be a criminal
, misdemeanor,and becomesa political revolution.
1 Constables with writs can deal with the one, while
I only soldiers with the implements of war can
1 overcome the other. Our Government is amply
provided for dealing with individual malefactors;
| but as the Constitution does not recognize the
■ right of a State to secede, so it has made no pro-
: vision for putting down revolution by force. If
on the one side there is no right to do, there is on
1 the other equally no right to prevent.
It ought not to be forgotten that the existing
Government-was formed by the voluntary seces-
sion of the States from the old, and their volun-
tary accession to the new, Confederacy. North
Carolina and Rhode Island preferred the old to
the new, and opposed the secession of the other
members. The thirteenth article of confederation
had expressly declared that " the Union shall be
perpetual/' and the framers had affixed their sig-
natures to this declaration:
" And wc do furtlver solemnly plight and engage the faith
of oui respective constituents" * * * * "that
the artielos thereof shall be inviolably observed by the States
we respectively represent, and that the Union shall be per-
petual."
But the States had learned from experience that
a change was necessary to their prosperity and
happiness, and they made the change. State after
State seceded,- and the new Government was put
into operation, leaving North Carolina and Rhode
Island alone clinging to the Confederation. It
never occurred to those States that they had a
right to raise armies in the name of the Confed-
aracy, and make war under its flag against the
seceding States. Least of all was it suspcctcd
; that George Washington, President, and James
Madison, Benjamin Franklin, Alexander Hamil-
ton, RufusKing, and their compatriots, members
of the convention which framed the present Con-
stitution, were guilty of treason, although the
Articles of Confederation, as has been seen, ex-
ij pressly negatived any right of secession.
;j The undersigned would rejoice to see the seced-
j ing States return of their own accord into the
<i bosom of the Confederacy. He does not doubt
'I that they would joyfully do so, if they could be
assured of peace and security under its wing. Ho
!l therefore respectfully submits that the remaining
1 few days of the session can be better devoted to
perfecting plans of adjustment and pacification,
,i than to organizing civil war and devising ingeni-
li ous schemes for distressing and maltreating the
' citizens of the seceding States.
i! To give any hope either of a satisfactory adjust-
i nient or of a peaceful separation, we must refrain
'| from war, and from whatever will inevitably lead
!; to war; and as the undersigned is convinced that
'! the proposed bill will be the most irritating form
> i of hostilities, he cannot concur with the commit-
I tee in recommending its passage.
L. O'B. BRANCH.
Tiik Congressiosah Globe and Appendix will be furnished subscribers at the next regular session, which will
be a long one, for six dollars a copy.
Subscribers for this session who have not received, or who have lost any numbers, either of the Congressional
Globe or the Appendix can get them by inclosing to us three cents for each missing number.
P.. S. 15th April, 1861. The President has called an extra session of Congress to meet on the 4th of next
July. The Congressional Globe and Appendix for the extra session will be published for three dollars a copy.
