LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS
OF TIIE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, ivhich was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 3d day of December, I860, and ended on Monday, the 4th day of March, 1861.
James Buchanan, President. John C. Breckinridge, Vice President, and President of the Senate. William
Pennington, Speaker of the Iiouso of Bepresentatives.
[The Jndcx to the Laws follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter i.—An Act to authorize the issue of
Treasury Notes, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bij the Senate nn.d Jlov.te nf Jtrprp-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of [the] United
[States] he hereby authorized to cause Treasury
notes, tor siuh sum or sums as the exigencies of
the public service may require, but not to exceed
at any time the amount of ten millions of dollars, I
and of denominations not less than fifty dollars!
for any such note, to be prepared, signed, and [
issued in the manner hereinafter provided. I
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That such j
Treasury notes shall be paid and redeemed by :
the United States at the Treasury thereof after n
the expiration of one year from the date of issue i
of such notes; from which dates, until they shall !
be respectively paid and redeemed, they shall bear 11
such rate of interest as shall be expressed m such j
notes, winch rate of interest shall be six per'
centum per annum: Provided, That, after the
maturity of any of said notes, interest thereon
shall cease at the expiration of sixty days' ;
notice of readiness to redeem and pay the same,
which may at any time or times be given by the
Secretary of the Treasury in one or more news- ;
papers at the seat of Government. The redemp-
tion and payment of said notes, herein provided,
shall be made to the lawful holders thereof re-
spectively upon presentment at the Treasury, and
shall include the principal of each note and the ■■
interest which shall be due thereon. And for the
payment and redemption of such notes at the
time and times therein specified, the faith of the ■
United States is hereby solemnly pledged. ;
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said
Treasury notes shall be prepared under the direc-
tion ofthe Secietary of the Treasury, and shall ^
be signed in behalf of the United States by the |
Treasurer thereof, and countersigned by the Re- '
gisterof the Treasury. Each of these officers shall i
keep in a book, or books provided for the pur- ,
pose, separate, full, and accurate accounts, show-
ing the number, date, amount, and rate of inter- i
est of each Treasury note signed and counter- i
signed by them respectively; and, also, similar
accounts showing all such notes which may be
paid, redeemed, and canceled, as the same may
be returned; all which accounts shall be carefully
preserved in the Treasury Department. And the ,
Treasurer shall account quarterly for all such
Ticasury notes as shall have been countersigned
by the Register and delivered to the Treasurer
for issue.
Sec 4 .3nd be it further enacted, That the bec-
311
retary of the Treasury ishereby authorized, with
the approbation of the President, to cause such
portion of said Treasury notes as may be deemed
expedient, to be issued by the Ticasurer in pay-
ment of warrants in favor of public creditors, or
other persons lawfully entitled to payment, who
may choose to rcceive such notes in payment at
par, and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized, with the approbation ofthe President,
to issue the notes hereby authorized to be issued,
at such rate of interest as may be offered by the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders Who may
agree to take the said notes at par after public ad-
vertisement of not less than ten days in such
papers as the President may direct, the said ad-
vertisement to propose to issue such notes at par
to those who may offer to take the same at the
lowest rate of interest. But in deciding upon
those bids no fraction shall be considered which
may be less than one fourth per centum per
annum. *
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said
Treasury notes shall be transferable by assign-
ment indorsed thereon by the person to whose
order the same may be made payable, accompa-
nied together with the delivery of the note so
assigned.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said
Treasury notes shall be received by the proper
officers in payment of all duties and taxes laid by
the authority of the United States, of all public
lands sold by said authority, and of aU debts to
the United States, of any character whatever,
which maybe due and payable at the time when
said Treasury notes may be offered in payment
thereof; and upon every such payment credit shall
be given for the amount of principal and interest
due on the note or notes received m payment, on
the day when the same shall have been received
by such officer.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That every
collector oft he customs, receiver of public moneys,
or other officer or agent of the United States, who
shall receive any Treasury note or notes in pay-
ment on account of the United States, shall take
from the holder of such note or notes, a receipt
on the back of each, stating distin tly the date of
such payment and the amount allowed on such
note; and every such officer or agent shall keep
regular and specific entries of all Treasury notes
received in payment, showing the person frotn
whom received, the number, date, and amount ot
principal and interest allowed oil each and every
Treasury note received in payment, which entries
shall be delivered to the Treasury with the Treas-
ury note or notes mentioned therein; and, if found
correct, such officer or agent shall receive credit
for the amount, as provided in the sixth section
of this act.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and hereby is, author-
ized to make and issue, from time to .time, such
instructions, rules, and regulations to the several
collectors, receivers, depositaries, and all others
who may be required to receive such Treasury
notes in behalf of, and as agents in any capacity
for, the United States, as to the custody, disposal,
cancelling, and return of any such notes as may
be paid to and received by them respectively, and
as to the accounts and returns to be made .to the
Treasury Department of such receipts, as he shall
deem best calculated to promote the public con-
venience and security, and to protect the United
States, as well as individuals, from fraud and loss.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and hereby is, author-
ized and directed to cause to be paid the principal
and interest of such Treasury notes as may be
issued under this act, at the time and times when,
according to its provisions, the same shall be paid.
And said Secretary is further authorized to pur-
chase said notes at par for the amount of princi-
pal and interest due thereon at the time of such
purchase. And so much of any unappropriated
money in the Treasury as may be necessary for
the purpose, is hereby appropriated for the-pay-
rnent of the principal and interest of said notes.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in place
of such Treasury notes as may have been paid
and redeemed, other Treasury Botes to the same
amount may be issued: Provided, That the aggre-
gate sum outstanding under the authority of this
act shall at no time exceed the sum of ten millions
of dollars: And provided further, That the power
to issue and reissue Treasury notes conferred by
this act shall cease and determine on the first
day of January, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-three.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That to de-
fray the expenses of engraving, printing, prepar-
ing, and issuing the Treasury notes herein author-
ized, the sum of fifteen thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated, payable out of any unappropriated
money in the Treasury: Provided, That no com-
pensation shall be made to any officer whose sal-
ary is fixed by law for preparing, signing, or
issuing Treasury notes.
Sec. 12. And be it further enactcd, That if any
person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit,
or cause or procure to be mades forged) or ctiun-
