312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 26,
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
terfeited,or willingly aid or assist in falsely mak-
ing, forging, or counterfeiting, any note in imi-
tation of, or purporting to be, a Treasury note,
issued as aforesaid, or shall passrutter, or publish,
or attempt to pass, utter, or publish, any false',
forged, or counterfeited, nete, purporting to be a
Treasury note as aforesaid, knowing the same to
be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall
falsely alter, or cause or procure to be falsely
altered, or willingly aid or assist in falsely alter-
ingany Treasury note, issued as aforesaid, or shall
pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter,
or publishes true, any falsely altered Treasury
note, issued as aforesaid, knowing the same to be
falsely altered,every such person shall be deemed
and adjudged guilty of felony, and being thereof
convicted by due course of law, shall be sentenced
to be imprisoned andkeptathard labor for a period
not less than three years nor more than ten years,
and to be fined in a sum not exceeding five thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That if any
person shall make, or engrave, or cause or pro-
cure to be made or engraved, or shall have in his
custody and possession any metallic plate en-
graved after the similitude of any plate from which
any notes issued as aforesaid shall have been
•printed, with intent to use such plate, or cause or
suffer the same to be used, in forging or counter-
feitingany of thenotesissuedasaforesaid,orshall
have m his custody or possession any blank note
or notes engraved and printed after the similitude
of any notes issued as aforesaid, with intent to
use such blanks, or cause or suffer the same to be
used,in forging or counterfeiting anyof thenotes
issued as aforesaid, orshall have in his custody or
possession any paper adapted to the making of
such notes, and similar to the paper upon which
any such notes shall have been issued, with in-
tent to use such paper, or cause or suffer the same
to he used, in forging or counterfeiting any of the
notes issued as aforesaid, every such person, be-
ing theioof convicted by due course of law, shall
be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard
labor for a term not less than three nor more than
ten years, and fined in a sum not exceeding five
thousand dollars.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause a statement to be published monthly of the
amount of Treasury notes issued and paid and
redeemed under the provisions of this act, show-
ing the balance outstanding each month.
Sec. 15. And be it farther enacted, That all
money hereafter contracted for under the author-
ity of the actentitled "An actauthorizing a loan,
and providing for the redemption of Treasury
notes," approved June twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and sixty, shall be used m redemption
of Treasury notes now outstanding, and those to
be issued under this act, and to replace in the
Treasury any amount of said notes which shall
have been paid and received for public dues, and
for no other purposes.
Approve*), December 17, 18GG.
Chap. If.—An Act to amend the fourth section
of the Act for the Admission of Oregon into the
Union, so as to extend the time for selecting
Salt Springs and contiguous Lands in Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprc-
scntativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the time for selecting the salt
springs and contiguous lands, according to the
provisions of the fourth section of the act entitled
ki An act for the admission of Oregon into the
Union," approved February fourteenth,eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, be extended to any time
within three years from the passage of this act,
anything in said section to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Approved, December 17, 1860.
Chap. III.—An Act making Appropriations for
the payment of Invalid and other Pensions of
the United States for the year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the UnUed States of America in Congress
assembled) That the following sums be, and tUe
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two:
For invalid pensions, under various acts, three
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
For pensions under acts of eighteenth March,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifteenth May,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and seventh
June,eighteen hundred and. thirty-two, seventeen
thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows of those who served
in the revolutionary war, under the third section
of the act of fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, the acts of seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, third March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three, seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-four, second February and
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and second section act of third February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and
seventy thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under
first section act fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, act of twenty-first July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, first section act of third Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, and act
third June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, three
hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions,-twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows and orphans,
under act of eleventh August, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
Approved, December 21, 1860.
Chap. V.—An Act making Appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, one hundred and seventeen thousand
one hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' servants,
sixty dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, as follows:
Repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
forage, postage, stationery, transportation, print-
ing, clerks, miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
and departments of instruction, thirty-nine thou-
sand and ten dollars.
For gradual increase and expense of library,
one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the board of visitors, four
thousand dollars.
For forage of artillery and cavalry horses, six
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For supplying horses for artillery and cavalry
practice, one thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, five hundred
dollars.
For models for the department of cavalry, one
hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
one hundred and fifty dollars.
For furniture for hospital for cadets, one hun-
dred dollars.
For annual repairs of gas pipes and retorts,
three hundred dollars.
For warming apparatus for academic and other
buildings, two thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For materials for quarters for subaltern officers,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For kitchen for cadets' mess hall, nine hundred
and fifty dollars.
Formess room and kitchen forcadets'hospital,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
To defray the expenses of the commission ap-
pointed under the eighth section of an act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, in addition to the amount
appropriated by said act, thirteen hundred and
sixty dollars.
Approved, January 5, 1861. .
Ciiap. XI.—An Act to continue in force an Act
therein mentioned, relating to the Port of Bal-
timore.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Repre-
sentativesofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the act passed the seventeenth
day of March, one thousand eight hundred, enti-
tled " An act declaring the assent of Congress to
certain acts of the States of Maryland and Geor-
gia," and which, by subsequent acts, have been
continued in force until the third day of March,
one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, be and
the same, so far as it relates to the act of the State
of Maryland, is hereby, revived and continued in
force until the third day of March, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one: Provided, That
the duty shall not be levied on any vessel more
than once in any month.
Approved, January 19, 1861.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to authorize the institution
of a suit against the United States to test the
title to Lots Numbers Five and Six, in the
Hospital Square in San Francisco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembledj That J. G-. Ames, S. W. Holladay,
and James Blair, and their heirs, assigns, and le-
gal representatives, be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized to institute a suit against the United States,
in the circuit court of the United States for the
State of California, for the purpose of recovering
from the United States, two lots of ground, num-
bers five and six, in the square in the city of San
Francisco, on which a hospital has been erected
by the United States; which lots are claimed to
have been acquired by the said Ames, Holladay,
and Blair, by deeds executed in their favor by the
sheritF of the county of San Francisco on the
twenty-third day of October, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one. The said suit to be commenced by
citation served on the district attorney of the Uni-
ted States for the northern district of California:
Provided, That the United States shall have the
right in any suit so brought to defend their claim
to" the title and possession of said property, or any
part thereof, on any legal or equitable grounds.
Sfx. 2. And be it further enactcd, That it shall
be the duty of the said district attorney, under
the direction and advice of the Attorney General
of the United States, to defend any suit brought
under the authority of the first section of this act,
and to take all necessary measures at law or in
equity for the protection and defense of the title
to said lots.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That cither
party may appeal or prosecute a writ of error to
the Supreme Court of the United States from any
final decision rendered by said circuit court in
any suit instituted as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no suit
shall be brought by virtue of the provisions of
this act, unless the same be instituted within two
years from the passage thereof.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That in the
eventof a final judgment against the United States
in any suit instituted as aforesaid, it shall be the
duty of the proper officers of the United States,
who may be in charge and possession of said lots
in behalf of the Government, to deliver up to the
claimants said lots, or such parts thereof as may,
by said final judgment, be decreed to belong to
them; and the said circuit court is hereby author-
ized to issue the process necessary and proper for
carrying out the provisions of this act.
Approved, January 26, 1861.
Chap. XX.—An Act for the Admission of Kan-
sas into the Union.
Whereas the people of the Territory of Kan-
sas, by then- representatives in convention assem-
bled, at Wyandott, in said Territory, on the
twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand eight
