896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of Row-
land Johnson, praying that an appropriation be
made to furnish food and raiment to the destitute
people of Kansas; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I present a memorial of ex-
Governor Thomas Blown, of Florida, admin-
istrator of George Fisher, deceased, protesting
against the repeal of the act of Congress of June
1, 1860, whjch provided for the adjustment of the
accounts of the decedent, which I ask may be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and
as there are tro Senators now-present from that
State, I am requested to call the attention of the
Committee on Indian Affairs especially to the
subject.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator from
New York that the Committee on Indian Affairs
have already passed upon that resolution of Fish-
er, and will report it m a day or two.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of im-
porting merchants of Philadelphia, setting forth
that they do not regard the limitation of the ware-
housing system proposed in the tariff bill now
before Congress as injurious; which was ordered
to he on the table.
STATE OP THE TINION.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Granville, Ohio, in favor of the Union, the Con-
stitution as it is, and the enforcement of all the
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of
citizens of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the adoption of the compromise measurespro-
posed by Mr. Crittenden; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
cities of Pittsburg and Alleghany, Pennsylvania,
praying for the enactment of such laws as will
save the country; which was ordered to lie 011 the
table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the
Union, the Constitution as it is, and the enforce-
ment of all the laws; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented six petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia, without distinction of party, pray-
ing Congress to stand firm for the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all
the laws; which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lan-
caster county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to lie
011 the table.
Mr. REWARD presented a petition of four
hundred electors, in the town of Waterford,Sar-
atoga county, New York, for the adoption of the
Crittenden amendments; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of New York, remonstrating against
the passage of tile tariff bill now before Con-
gress; which was ordered to lie on the table,and
be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugii,] upon leaving here, in consequence
of sickness, I believe, in his family, left with me
a petition, which he desired me to present. The
petition is short. It is from the citizens of the
city of Portsmouth, Ohio, about five hundred in
number, praying for the adoption of the proposi-
tions which have been submitted to the Senate to
settle our national troubles. I move that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of the tftwn of Oyster Bay, New York,
praying for the adoption of the compromise
proposed by him; which was oulered
to llo on the table.
He >ilso presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, proving tor the adoption of the compromise
measures pmposed by the representatives of the
boidir States, 01 by lion. Mr. Douglas; which
was ord<*nd to Ijc on the table.
He also pioseiited n petition of citizens of Brad-
ford, Vermont, praying for the adoption of the
compromise measures proposed by him; which
was ordered to 3ie on the- table
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Frankfort, Maine, praying for the speedy
adoption of measures of conciliation and compro-
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Richmond, Maine, praying the adoption of meas-
ures of conciliation and compromise; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in favor of
the Union, the Constitution as it is, and the en-
forcement of all the laws; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of Westbrook, Maine, praying for the
adoption of measures of conciliation and compro-
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
Pike county, Missouri, praying- for the adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Hon.
Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, on
the state of the Union, and ask that they be lead.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Joint Resolutions on the state o f the Union-
Whereas certain citizensof the United States are at this
time in open lebt-llion against the Government, and by
oveit acts threaten its peace nmd harmony, and to compass
its final overthrow: Therefore,
Resolved y That the Government of the United States is
supreme, with full inherent powers of self-protection and
defense.
Resolved, That Michigan adheres to the Government as
ordained by the Constitution, and, for sustaining it intact,
hereby pledges and tender to the General Government all
its military power and material resources.
jResolved, That concession and compromise are not To be
entertained or offered to traitors, while the rights and in-
ests of Union-loving citizens should be regaidcd and re-
spected in eveiy place and under all circumstances.
Resolved, That ln<Excellency the Governor bcicquested
ft) f'otwaid a eopy of these ie.-olutions to om Senators and
Iii'pre.-^-ntatives jn Congieas, and to the Governor of our
sister States. JAMES filllNEY,
President of Ike Senate.
DEXTER MUSSEY,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
Approved, February 2, iStil.
AUSTIN BLAIR, Governor.
Mr. I3INGITAM These resolutions, Mr. Pres-
ident, passed the Legislature of Michigan with
great unanimity. In the Senate, composed of
thiity-two members, thirty voted in their favor;
and m the House of Representatives, of about
eighty members, only six, I think, voted against
them. In my judgment, the people of Michigan,
in a proportion fully as great, entertain the same
sentiments and principles. They declare, in the
most emphatic language, that " the Government
of the United States is supreme, with full inherent
powers of self-protection and defense." A Gov-
ernment destitute of such powcis, a Government
of confederated States, fiom which any of them
can withdraw at pleasure, in their judgment and
in mine, is perfectly worthless, if,'indeed, it de-
serves to be called by the name of Government.
They also declare that the Constitution is the
supreme law of the land, and that all its provis-
ions should be obeyed and enforced alike m every
portion of the Confederacy. They have no sym-
pathy with rebellion or treason, nor with that
class of men, whether connected with the Admin-
istration or otherwise, who have rifled the public
Treasury, and nearly destroyed the credit of the
Government; who have seized our forts and rev-
enue vessels, plundered our arsenals, robbed our
mints, fired upon our vessels of commerce, and
are, this day, menacing the destruction of the gal-
lant Anderson in Fort Sumter. Such gross vio-
lations of law, such wanton outrages^ seem to
them perfectly inexcusable: and they will not hes-
itate to characterize them with the strong language
of tu-ason, which they deserve Wrongs of such
enormity should be immediately redressed; and
to enable the Government to recover its jurisdic-
tion so tamely and cowardly surrendered, to en-
force its lows, find to punish rebellion, if it be
necessary, the State of JVJiehigan pledges and
tenders to the General Government all its material
resources and its military power
I think I may say, Mr. President, for the peo-
ple of Michigan, that they indulge a confident
hope that with the sober second thought the peo-
ple of the slavcholdmg States will come to the
conclusion that the election of a Republican Pres-
ident, by the peaceful mode prescribed by the
Constitution, is not just cause for revolution; and
when they have become undeceived in reference
to the principles and policy of the Republican
party, they will acknowledge their mistake, and,
like good and loyal citizens, submit to the rule of
the least exacting and best Government on the
face of the globe. Its benefits and blessings have
been showered upon all, its burdens scarce felt
by any; but if, in their hardness and blindness,
they shall continue in open violation of the laws,
the Government will deserve the contempt of its
own citizens,and of the civilized world, lfitsub-
mits to its own destruction for fear of the sense-
less and unmeaning cry of coercion. The enforce-
ment of the laws of the land over every inch of
this broad Republic is not coercion in any offens-
ive sense, but a duty imposed by the most solemn
obligations, and which cannot be disregarded or
neglected. When a Government, either from in-
tention or imbecility, refuses to administer its
own laws alike everywhere, it has already become
a party to its own disintegration and annihilation.
The duty of preserving the Union is imposed
upon every man who takes an oath to support the
Constitution, and no means should be left untried
to avoid collision and bloodshed consistent with
that fidelity to principles which no man can prop-
erly surrender; but any conccssion which would
rivet more closely the fetters of slavery, or extend
that institution over new territory, will be resisted
by the people of Michigan by all peaceable and
lawful means.
1 move that the resolution be laid upon the table,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I present the memorial
of several gentlemen in the state of Minnesota,
in relation to the state of the Union; and I wish
simply to remark that they are members of the
Legislature—the Senate and House ofRepresent-
afives—of that State, and embrace, I believe,
every Republican member of that body. They
are in striking contrast, Mr. President, with the
petitions which have been received from the cities
of Boston,New York,and Philadelphia,and other
places, so numerously signed, and presented here
in favor of the Crittenden propositions. And I
wish simply to state that, in my humble judg-
ment, if Senators, or if the people, would ascer-
tain what the true sentiment of the country is,
they must get off from the sidewalks of our cities;
they must go away from the commercial districts
of this country; they must penetrate into the in-
terior; for I am satisfied that it is now here in this
country precisely as it was two thousand years
ago in theOld World, when it was declared that—
Honor sinks where commeice long prevails.'5
If Senators would ascertain what the true senti-
ment of the country is, they must go to the wool-
growing regions of Vermont, to the wheat-fields
of New York, to the agricultural and mining dis-
tricts of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir; they must pen-
etrate to the very heart of the eight million of
people residing on their own actes in the great
Northwest, and ask them this^question; are you
prepared to make a surrender of yourconvictions,
of your principles, of your honor, at the bidding
of organized rebels and traitors ? And, sir, when
that answer comes, as come it certainly will when
the question is presented to the people, timid Sen-
ators and timid Representatives will learn, I ap-
prehend, what the true sentiment of this country
is. Now, sir, representing a people who, three
months ago, decided a great question, a question
which was decided by the all powerful verdict of
the American people, I, for one, am not prepared
to abandon that verdict, or to surrender and give
it up.
I represent, as this petition will show, a con-
stituency and a State which plant themselves upon
that verdict, and there they intend to stand. And
1 will here say, Mr. President, that no menaces,
no threats of war, no military display, no tramp
of armed men, no glittering bayonets, will drive
the people of the Northwest from that position.
The demand, sir, which was first made of the
North upon this floor was made four weeks from
the time the verdict of the people was rendered;
and that demand was simply this: you must sur-
render your convictions, you must abandon your
principles, you must make a surrender of your
political faith, or this Union must be broken up.
That was the plain import of the demand which
was made to the country, and I am pained, I am
