898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
order, being House bill No. 338, and talro up
Senate bilI546, for the relief ofDexter R. Crocker.
Mr. LANE. Just to take it up, and let it pass
° The motion was agreed to: there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-three; noes not counted;
nnd the bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of Dexter
R. Crocker was road the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Postmaster General to pay to Dex-
ter R. Croeker, for transporting the United States
mail between Canyonville, Oregon, and Yreka,
California, on route No. 5046,from April to No-
vember, 1853, a period of eight months, the sum
of §1,500.
Mr. LANE. This bill was unanimously re-
ported; and I think there will be no objection
t0The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the thiid
time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE ACUUCOLTORAL REPORT.
Mr. PITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print extra
copies of the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents on agriculture for the year 1860, re-
ported the following resolution:
Rcsolced, That twenty thousand additional copies of the
annual report of the Commissioner of Patents on agueul-
lure, lor the year 18G0, be printed for the use of the Senate ;
and five thousand additional copies for distribution by the
Interior Department, including sixteen pages ot ulustia-
tlons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it lie over. 1 do not
understand it.
The resolution lies over, under the rules.
MISSION OF PEACE I'ROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the message of
the President, on which I had the floor, be post-
poned, and specially assigned for Monday next,
at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. I hope not. There was another
question postponed to the same time, on which I
have the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will say half past j
twelve o'clock on Monday.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. LANE. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator to say Tuesday, at one o'clock. There is no
special order for that day, and 1 desire very much
to have the floor for a few moments when the
message comes up. If it comes up on Monday,
it will clash with the order at one o'clock, and I
shall have no opportunity of getting the floor.
Mr. WILSOISi. As 1 have given way some
fifteen or tweiuy times already, I suppose I can
do so once more; and I propose Tuesday, at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is,
to postpone the message of the President of the
United States, communicating to the Senate a se-
ries of resolutions adopted by the Legislature ot
Virginia, having in view a peaceful settlement of
the questions which now threaten the Union,and |
make it the special order for Tuesday next, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
Mr DOOL1TTLE. 1 move to take up House_
joint resolution No. 59,and I call the attention of
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] to it.
It is a joint resolution, reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, authorizing Com-
modore H. Paulding to receive a sword apd a
grant of land, awarded to him by the Republic
of Nicaragua. I desire to have it taken up and
passed.
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to taking np
the resolution; but if it be taken up, I shall feel
called upon to give my reasons for opposing it.
Mr. CAMERON. Then, I hope it will not be
taken up now.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. If it is taken up, I shall
move to put it over until to-morrow morning, at
half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to that.
The motion to take up the joint resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, I move that it be
made the specialorderforto-morrow,at half-past
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
0
February 14,
THE TARIFF BILl.
Mr. CAMERON. What is the question before
the Senate now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Then, I move to take up
the tariff bill. .
Mr. SIMMONS. It is the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order that was passed over will be talcen up. It
is House bill No. 338, to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and foi
other purposes.
Mr. WIGFALL. I understood yesterday that
the unfinished business was the joint resolution
of the House of Representatives in reference to
George H. Giddings's claim. I hope it will be
taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was dur-
ing the morning hour.
Mr. WIGFALL. It was to be taken up, as I
understood, as unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there had
been time within the morning hour it would have
been; but the entire hour was consumed by the
presentation of petitions and reports.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust the Senator from
Rhode Island will allow that matter to be consid-
ered now. It will not lead to debate.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. FESSENDEN. It
will.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have given way now for
three or four bills, and 1 think we had better go
on with the tariff bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill No.
338 is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose now that we pro-
ceed with the amendments, beginning in the sixth
section, and passing over the loan portion of the
bill; and I have an amendment to offer to the fifth
section, when vrc get through with the amend-
ments reported by the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. What does the Senator from
Rhode Island propose? I did not hear him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to commence with
the amendments at the sixth section of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr.Simmons) presentedhis views at large
011 the bill yesterday; and it seems to me that,
perhaps, as I represent the opposite opinions, 1
ought to present them before we commence to act
on the amendments. I do not wish to impede or
throw any obstacles in the way of action on the
bill; but it strikes me that probably I had better
present what I have to say now than afterwards.
Mr. President, it is very disagreeable to speak,
as I do on this occasion, with a consciousness of
my utter inability to prevent the passage of this
bill. I have no doubt that the adoption of this
measure is a foregone conclusion. I believe it
has been generally understood that the adhesion
of the State of Pennsylvania to the Republican
'party was upon the condition of the passage of
ihis Momll-tariff hill; and I suppose an obliga-
tion that has been incurred at such a price must
be carried out. Still, I owe it, perhaps, to those
whose opinions I represented oil this committee,
and to my constituents, to expose, if I can, the
shallow pretexts on which it is sought to adopt
this measure, and strip it of those disguises in
the shape of specificduties, under which its enor-
mous taxation is hidden.
It, was said, sir, by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] some weeks since, that
he would probably go for the Morrill bill, because
the iaw of 1857 had failed to answer the expecta-
tions of its friends. The Senator from Rhode
Island, too, presented a specious but very illusory
statement m regard to the revenue capacities of
that measure. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] may vote against the measure of
185" because he does not iike it, or he may vote
for another because he prefers it; but he is utterly
mistaken if he supposes that that measure has
not answered the expectations of its friends, so
far as its revenue capacities are concerned. As
we all know, the bill of 1857 was passed for the
purpose of reducing the revenues of the country
m order that we might in that mode enforce econ-
omy upon Congress in its annual legislation. It
was based upon an estimate that it would prob-
ably yield, upon the importation which it was
supposed by the then Secretary of the Treasury
would be made, as he said in relation to his own
scheme, about §50,000,000; I believe I stated at
the time some §51,000,000. It was said then that
such a sum would be ample, inasmuch as it was
supposed by Mr. Guthrie that the expenditures
of this Government would be reduced to the sum
of $50,000,000. I think, sir, that more than one
of the leaders and eminent men in the party about
to come into power, estimated, during the last
year, that something like $50,000,000 ought to
suffice for the annual expenditures of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, we all know that in the first year of
the operation of this tariff of 1857 it was exposed
to a severe financial pressure, and therefore that
year could afford no test of its revenue capacities;
but in the very next year, when there was a par-
tial revival of trade, it yielded about $50,000,000,
coming within 2 or 3 per cent, of the estimate
which was made in regard to it. Did any such
measure ever produce results more nearly accord-
ing with its estimate than 3 or 4 per cent.?_ So
in regard to the estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury for what it was to yield during the last
fiscal year. He estimated that it would yield
some $55,900,000. Its actual yield, according to a
statement which I have from the Register of the
Treasury, made up since the annual report, was
§54,100,000; thus coming within less than 4 per
cent, of the estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The Secretary of the Treasury estimated
that the tariff would yield, during this year, some-
thing like $60,000,000. We all know that, up to
the period of the presidential election, the receipts
from this tariff were largely in advance of the
receipts of the corresponding period m the last
fiscal year, when it actually yielded $54,100,000.
According to the statement given to me, it will be
found, that not only did the first quarter yield
something more than the first quarter of the last
fiscal year, but the receipts for the month of Oc-
tober were something like §500,000 in advance of
those of the corresponding month of the last fiscal
year.* We know that the exports of this year,
up to that period, were largely in advance of those
of the preceding year. There was every reason,
therefore, to expect that, if there had been iio
political trouble, the revenue under this tariff of
1857, would have been much larger this year than
it was during the last; and that, probably, it
would have reachcd.something like $58,000,000 or
§60,000,000. Why, sir, we exported last year
$400,000,000, including specie, which is now a
product of this country; and we were exporiing,
up to the time of the presidential election, this year,
greatly more than we were during the last year.
But the Senator from Rhode Island, m order
to undervalue the revenue capacity of this tariff
of 1857, takes what he calls four years. It has
been in operation but a little over three years and
a half. He takes that first year of financial panic;
he takes the two years that were hardly average
years, for commerce did not revive until last year;
and he takes this year, without the consideration
of this severe political crisis and revolution in
which we are placed, and estimates it according to
the supposition of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in order to makearevenuecapacity of $44,000,000
or $45,000,000. Now, Mr. President, is that a
fair way of estimating the probable effects of the
bill ? Do we not know that its receipts have been
actually increasing up to the time of this very
political revulsion? It yielded more the second
year than it did tile first; it yielded more the third
year than it did the second; and it was in the way
to yield more in the fourth year than it did in the
third. Up to the period of the presidential elec-
tion, it had yielded largely more than it did during
the same period last year. No, sir; the measure
has not failed to answer the expectations of its
* Statement exhibiting the receipts from customs in the Uni-
ted States for the month'; of July, Jlngost, September, and
October, 1859. Also the same exhibits for the correspond-
ing period of time in 1860:
For Quarter ending September 30, 1859 $15,947,670 60
For month of October, 1859   3,200,9-22 58
 $19, n*).5?3 20
Total.
For quarter ending September 30, I860....$16,119,831 22
For month of October, 1850  3,716,548 72
Total $19,836.879 94
Treasury Department, January 22,1861.
