314
APPENDIX TO THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
'second of June, eighteen hundred and sixty, or
so- much thereof as is necessary, shall be applied
to the redemption of the Treasury notes issued
under the act of seventeenth of December, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, and for no other purpose";
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized, at his discretion, to exchange at par
bonds of the United States authorized by said act
of twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
sixty, for the said Treasury"notes, and the accru-
ing interest thereon.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That, to de-
fray the expense of engraving and printing cer-
tificates of such stock, and other expenses incident
to the execution of this net, the sum of twenty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated: Provided,
That no compensation shall be allowed for any
scrvice performed under this act to any officer
whose saUry is established by law.
Sec. 7. Andbe it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall not be obliged to
accept the most favorable bids as hereinbefore
provided,unless he shall consideritadvantageous
to the (Jnitcd States to do so, but for any portion
of such loan, not taken under the first adveitisc-
ment, he may advertise again at-his discretion.
Approved, February 8, 1861.
Ohap. XXX.—An Act to provide for a Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs for Washington Ter-
ritory and additional Agents.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthe President be,and heishereby,
authorized to make a separate supcrintendency of
Washington Territory, and to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, or
during the recess thereof, and until the end of its
next session after such appointment, a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for said Territory, with
an annual salary of twenty-five hundred dollars.
Sec.2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
or during the recess thereof, and until the end of
its next session after such appointment, three ad-
ditional Indian agents for said Territory, with an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dollars each:
Provided, That no agent or sub-ngent, either spe-
cial or temporary, or otherwise, shall be appointed,
employed, or continued in employment, in Wash-
ington Teritory, except only the threeugents and
two sub-agents provided for by existing law, and
the additional agents provided by this act.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident, in adjusting the limits of the respective
superintendences of Oregon and Washington,
may attach any tribe situated partly in both or
either supcrintcndency, in such manner as in his
judgment may best promote the public service.
Approved, February 8, 1861.
Chap. XXXIII.-—An Act to change the name
of the Schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is heieby, authorized to change the name of
the American-built schooner Augusta, owned by
George W. Bissell, of Detroit, Michigan, to that
of Colonel Cook, and to giant hei a register in that
name. *
Approved, February 13, 1861.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to extend the right of
appeal from decisions of Circuit Courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cong7-ess
assembled, That from all judgments and decrees
of any circuit court rendered m any action, suit,
controversy, or case, at law or in equity, arising
under any law of the United States granting or
confirming to authors the exclusive right to their
respective writings, or to inventors the exclusive
right to their inventions or discoveries, a writ of
error or appeal, as the case may require, shall lie,
at the instance of either party, to the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the same manner
and under the same circumstances as is now pro-
vided by law in other judgments and decrees of
such circuit courts, without regard to the sum or
value in controversy in the action.
Approved, February 18, 1861.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act making further pro-
vision in relation to consolidated Land Offices.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That fiom and after the passage ot this
act the register for the consolidated land districts
at Boonevillc, in the State of Missouii, in conse-
quence of additional duties imposed upon him,and
m addition to the fees now allowed by law, shall
he entitled to charge and receive for making tran-
scripts for individuals, or furnishing any"other
record information respecting public lands or land
titles in his consolidated land district, such fees
as are properly authorized by the tariff existing
in the local courts in said district: Provided, The
whole amount of the register's compensation, in-
cluding all fees and commissions to which he is
entitled under existing laws, shall not exceed three
thousand dollars per annum, or pro rata per quar-
ter, the excess, if any, over that amount, shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States; and
the receiver shall receive his equal share of such
fees, and it shall be his duty to aid the register in
the preparation of the transcripts, or giving the
record information as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be and he is hereby author-
ized to make a reasonable allowance for office rent
for such consolidated office, and, when satisfied
of the necessity therefor, to approve the employ-
ment by said register of one or more cleiks, at a
reasonable per diem compensation, for such time
as said clerk or clerks are absolutely required to
keep up the current public business, and who shall
be paid out of the suiplus fees above authorized
to be charged, if any, and if no surplus exists,
then out of the appropriation for incidental ex-
penses of district land offices; but no clerk shall
be so paid unless his employment has been first
sanctioned by the Secretary of the Intciior.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this act be and they are hereby extend-
ed to all other consolidated land offices: Provided,
That this act shall bo construed to extend to and
provide for all expenses heretofore incuucd by any
lcgistor or receiver of any such consolidated kind
ofiicc for additional clerical aid or office room: Pro-
videdfurther, That the amount of such indemnity
be first approved by the Secretary ofthc Interior.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Intciior to make
a reasonable allowance to former registers of con-
solidated land offices for room rent and clerk hire,
made necessary by such consolidation, to be paid
out of the appropriation for incidental expenses
of district land offices, upon satisfactory vouchers
actually filed, or to be filed.
Approved, February 18, 1861.
Ciiap. XLII.—An Act to supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated:
Contingent Expenses of the House of Representa-
tives.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for binding documents required for the first, ses-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, lifty thousand
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty-one thousand
dollars.
For folding documents, twenty-six thousand
dollars.
For furniture and repairs, and boxes for mem-
bers, five thousand dollars.
For stationery, six thousand dollars.
To enable the superintendent of the Capitol
extension to pay for labor and materials used to
carry out the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of twenty-first February, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriations
heretofore made for printing drdered by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, and for paper
for the same, one hundred and eighty-seven thou-
sandeighthundred and sixteen dollars and thirty-
eight cents.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for paper required for the printing of the second
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,fifty thou-
sand dollars.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for the printing of the second session oftheThir-
ty-Sixth Congress, thirty thousand dollars.
For the completion of the custom-house and
post office at the city of Saint Louis, and fitting
up and furnishing the same, the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars.
To supply deficiencies in the fund heretofore
appropriated to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to carry into effect the act of Congress
of third March, eighteen hundred and nineteen,
and any subsequent adte now in force for the
suppression of the slave trade, nine hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the compensation and mileage of Senators,
thirteen thousand dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, for
miscellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate and
Hoft se of Representatives, viz:
For additional police for the Capitol, payable
by the Senate, one thousand and ninety-six dol-
lars and ninety-seven cents; and for additional
police for the Capitol, payable by the House of
Representatives, one thousand and ninety-six
dollars and ninety-seven cents.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for
taking the eighth census, four hundred and thir-
ty-seven thousand dollars.
For expenses of select committee appointed
under the resolution of House of Representatives
of twenty-fourth December, eighteen hundred and
sixty, five thousand dollars; and for expenses of
select committee made by order of the House of
Representatives of the ninth of January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, three thousand dollars,
making eight thousand dollars; and that the said
sum shall be added to the miscellaneous item of
the contingent fund of the House.
For expenses ofremoving the officc ofthc Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury to the apartments as-
signed in Winder's building, and for cleansing,
repairing, and furnishing the same, three thou-
sand five hundred and eight dollars and fifty-five
cents.
To enable the Superintendent of the Public
Printing to carry into effect the provisions of the
joint resolution in relation to the public printing,
approved Junfc the twenty-third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, one hundred and thirty-five thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That no part of this ap-
propriation shall be expended until the title to the
property purchased shall have been examined
and approved by the Attorney General of the
United States.
• For compensation of the clerks in the land
office at Kickapoo, Kansas, ten thousand five
hundred and thirty-three dollars, m accordance
with section seven of" An act making appropri-
ations for certain civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, "&c., approved August eighteen th, eighteen
hundred andfifty-six: Provided, That no payment
shall be made under the terms of this appropria-
tion except upon vouchers of moneys actually
paid by the several receivers and registers, such
vouchers to be verified by the affidavits both of
the registers and receivers and the parties to whom
the payments have been made; nor unless the
Secretary of the Interior be satisfied of the fair-
ness of the prices allowed: And provided further,
That the seventh section of the act of the eigh-
teenth of August,eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
£< makingappropridtions forcertam civil expenses
of the Government for the year'endmg the thir-
: tiethof June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,"
be and the same is hereby repealed.
For carrying the mails from New York, via
