1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
jLaws of the United States.
36TH CON&....2D SESS.
Panama, to San Francisco, three times a month,
from the first of July, eighteen hundred and sixty,
to the first of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, at the rate of three hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars per annum, from which sum shall be
deducted the amount received for postages on said
route.
Approved, February 19, 1861.
Chap. XLIY.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be and the
same are hereby appropriated, out of any money
in tile Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundredand
sixty-two, namely:
legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
three hundred and thirty-six thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the Senate,
three thousandsixhundreddollars; ofHccrcharged
with disbursementsoflheSenate,fourhundred and
eighty dollars; chiefclerk, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; principal clerk and principal exec-
utive clerk in the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, at two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars each; eight clerks in [the] office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, at one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars each; keeper of the station-
ery, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two
dollars; two messengers, at one thousand and
eighty dollars each; one page, at five hundred dol-
lars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, two thou-
sand dollars; assistant doorkeeper, one thousand
seven hundred dollars; postmaster to the Senate,
one thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars; as-
sistant postmaster and mail carrier, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars; two mail boys, at
nine hundred dollars each; superintendent of the
documen t room, one thousandfive hundred dollars;
two assistants in document room, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each; superintendent of the
folding room, one thousand five hundred dollars;
two messengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers,
at one thousand five hundred dollars each; four-
teen messengers, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each; superintendent in charge of the Sen-
ate furnaces, one thousand two hundred dollars;
assistant in charge of furnaces, six hundred dol-
lars; laborer in private passage, six hundred dol-
lars; two laborers, at four hundred and eighty
dollars each; clerk or secretary to the President
of the Senate, one thousand seven hundred and
fifty-two dollars; clerk to the Committee on Fi-
nance, one thousand eight hundred and fifty dol-
lars; clerk to the Committee on Claims,one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars; clerk of
printing records,one thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars; Chaplain to the Senate, seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars; making seventy-five thou-
sand four hundred and fourteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, namely:
For lithographing and engraving, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For binding, fifty thousand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand three Hundred
dollars.
For Congressional Globe, and binding the same,
forty-nine thousand three hundred dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe for
the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
eighteen thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the Senate
for the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
dollars. ~
For clerks tu committees, pages, horses, and
carry-alls, twenty-eight thousand five hundred
dollars.
For Capitol police, eight thousand two hundred
dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating appa-
ratus, twelve thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and delegates from
Territories, one million one hundred thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
Cierk of the House of Representatives, three thou-
sand six hundred dollars; two clerks, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each; eleven
clerksat one thousand eight hundred dollars each;
principal messenger in the office, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; three mes-
sengers, at one thousand two hundred dollars
each; messenger to the Speaker, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; clerk to the
Committee of Ways and Means, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; clerk to the Committee on
Claims, one thousand eight hundred dollars; Cap-
itol police, eight thousand four hundred and
twenty dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars; clerk to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one
thousand two hundred dollars; Postmaster, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; one mes-
senger in the office, one thousand seven hundred
and forty dollars; four messengers, at one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars each; two
mail boys, at nine hundred dollars each; Door-
keeper, two thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars; superintendent of the folding-room, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; two messengers, at
one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dol-
lars each; one messenger, at one thousand seven
hundred and forty dollars; five messengers, at one
thousand five hundred dollars each; six messen-
gers, at one thousand two hundred dollars each;
eleven messengers, to bo employed during the
session of Congress, at the rate of one thousand
two hundred dollars each per annum; Chaplain
of the House of Representatives, seven hundred
and fifty dollars, making ninety-five thousand
eight hundred and eighteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, namely:
For binding documents, including the Congres-
sional Globe, eighty-nine thousand dollars.
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Dele-
gate of the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and one hundred of the same for the
House Library, thirty-nine thousand six hun-
dred and eighty-eight dollars.
For the compensation of the clerks to commit-
tees and temporary clerks in the office of the Cierk
of the House of Representatives, seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For engraving, electrotyping, and lithograph-
ing, fifty thousand dollars.
For fold i ng documents, including pay of folders,
wrapping-paper, twine, and paste, thirty thousand
dollars.
For fuel, oil, and candles, including pay of
engineer, firemen, and laborers, repairs, and ma-
terials for engine-room, fifteen thousand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxes for
members, ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle-horses, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For laborers, seven thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
Foi pages and temporary mail-boys, nine thou-
sand six hundred and eighty dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe !
for the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Con- j
gross, at seven dollars and fifty cents per column, i
twenty-three thousand dollars. |
For the usual additional compensation to the j
reporters of the House for the Congressional j
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the House i
for the hrst session of the Thirty-Seventh Con- !
gress, eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of librarian, three assistant
librarians, and messenger, nine thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said library, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said library, five
thousand dollars. .
For purchase of law-books for said [library,]
two thousand dollars.
Forcompensation of the SuperintendentofPub-
lic Printing, and the clerks tind messenger in his
office, nine thousand seven hundred and fourteen
dollars.
For contiiigent expenses of his office, namely:
for blank books, stationery, postage, advertising
for proposals for paper, furniture, traveling ex-
penses, cartage, and labor in storing and trans-
portation of paper, and miscellaneous items, two
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For paper lequired for the printing of the first
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For printing required for the first session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, seventy thousand dol-
lars. And hereafter the Superintendent of Public
Printing shall submit to Congress, at the com-
mencement of each session, detailed estimates f>{
the sums required for the support of the Govern-
ment Printing Office, and he shall also submit a
report showing the payments made during the pre-
ceding year under his direction.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of three judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy
solicitor, clerk and assistant clerk, and messenger
thereof, twenty-seven thousand three hundred
dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, lights, pay of
laboiers, and other contingent and miscellaneous
expenses for the Court of Claims, four thousand
dollars.
executive.
Forcompensation of the President of the United
States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation to secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to the private secretary,
steward, and messenger of the President of the
United States, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor, three hundred and
fifty dollars.
department of state.
For compensation of the Secretary of State and
Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messenger,
assistant messenger, and laborers in his office,
fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and
in newspapers of the States and Territories, and
in the city of Washington, twenty-five thousand
one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For proof reading and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and consu-
lates, including boxes and transportation of the
same, five thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, binding, furniture,
fixtures, repairs, painting, and glazing, ten thou-
sand dollais.
For miscellaneous items, two thousandfive hun-
dred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books and maps, two
thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, two thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase
fifty copies each of volumes twenty-eight and
twenty-nine ofHoward's Reports of the Decisions
of the Supremo Court of the United States, five
hundred dollars.
Northeast Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the northeast executive building, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
