1861.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
001
more directly to the benefit of our producer, who
thus is enabled to ship his products to market at
a less expense, as he.ships it directly; to the ben-
efit of the American ship-owner, who thus gets
alar°er share of freights; and to the benefit of
the American consumer, who thus gets these goods
cheaper than otherwise he would hare done. I
pass away from that to the consideration of this
tariff itself. M
The Senator from Rhode Island has gravely
asserted in his place, that this tariff would yield,
I think, $20,000,000 more than the other. If it
be the tariff' that I think I am prepared to show
it is, it is almost prohibitory upon many of the
mafcrial articles of American consumption. In
the first place, it is so complicated and cumbrous
that it will take double the expense to execute it
that the other tariff does. It will open the door
to five times as much fraud; and in regard to this
point, I base myself not upon my simple asser-
tion, but on a letter which I received from the
collector of customs of New York, last year, to
whom I addressed some interrogatories in this
regard. This is a letter from Mr. Schell. He
says:
"The appraisers, as will be seen, express the opinion that
the execution of the piopiwed law (tariff) would lequire,
in tueir department, double the piosent store accommoda-
tion*, and three times the force of the piesent employe*.
Ill the custom hou-:e pioper, I am persuaded, an increase
of fiom one third to one half would be required in the force
of liquidating, ineasmen., wei^heis, &c., and tlie embar-
rassment and'delay to impoiters in obtaining a dis-posable
possession of their goods ivould be increased a hundred
fold."
This is a letter from Mr. Schell. I sent an
Will the Senator give the date
interrogatory 
Mr. BIGLER.
of that letter ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is dated the 30th of May,
1860, in reply to a letter sent ill regard to the
Morrill tariff. Why, sir, upon the same article
here—take the article of cotton—we have a specific
duty and we have an ad. valorem duty. AVe have
two sorts of minimums. We not only have a min-
imum as to price, but we have a minimum as to the.
threads to the square inch. It must not have so
many or over so many threads to the square inch.
In order to estimate the duty, they have to weigh
it; they have to measure it; they then have to get
the invoice price at all the principal markets of the
country where the goods are bought; and thus it
is a system so complicated that it is almost im-
possible to execute it with certainty, and it must
open the door to fraud of every description. Why,
sir, I doubt if the Senator from Rhode Island
himself could collect this duty according to the
system which he here recommends. Ke would
find it difficult to take this schedule m regard to
cottons, and execute it himself. What would
become of the importer, when he was acting on
this cumbersome compound operation.' When
lie came in with his yard-stick to measure it, and
with his scales to weigh it, (because there is a
minimum as to weight: it must not weigh more
than so many ounces to the yard ;) when he has
done all this, if the. importer shonU say, " let me
pav the specific duty and go," the Senator would
reply: " Oh, no; I must know its puce; you must
give not only your own invoice, but 1 must hate
a certificate of the consuls to know the price m
the principal markets of the world.'* When these
had been given him, he would say, "stop a while
yet; I must count the threads; and 1 must know
how many threads theie aie in the square inch.
Then when he had done all that, and the importer
is ready to pay m specific duties, he would say to
him, "stop awhile; you have paid the specific
duty; but here is an ad valorem stiii due; bt us
go over this invoice and calculate that. When
they had done all this, paid the specific and
valorem duties, the importer would say. Well,
now, may I not get my goods and go r' _ i% On, no,
sir; you see what trouble I have had in appris-
ing a* small part of your goods; you do not sup-
pose I can get through that cargo to-day, to-nioi-
row, this week, or perhaps the next;" and owing
New duty
New duty
But let us look at the duties themselves. I
come first to iron, that great necessity of the
country, as necessary almost as food, as water,
as air. Let us look and see what are the duties
imposed upon that; and here I must beg the^en-
ate to bear with me if I am tedious, because it is
impossible to explain the operation of this bill
without entering more largely into these statistics
than I should otherwise like to do. Here are the
answers of the New York appraisers to the ques-
tions which I addressed to them in regard to this
Morrill tariff bill:
" A. The dutiable value of bar iron is from $30 per ton
upwards, the great bulk of it bein^ valued at about $37 per
ton. On these prices, iviuch represent the value of 80 per
cent, of the bar iron imported into the United States, the
new duty would be equivalent to 50 and 40 per cent, ad
valorem-
•4 Ii. Dutiable value of iails, $29 per ton. New duty
equal to 41.3 per cent."
] have a statement here from an extensive im-
porting house in New York, a house that imports
iron—Oothouth & Brother—which makes that
cost 4,26 62, which would make the specific duty,
if reduced to its corresponding ad valorem, about
45 per cent.; but take it according to the ap-
praiser's statement, here is 41 per cent, upon
railroad iron:
" C. Dutiable value of boiler-plate about $15 per ton.
New duty equal to 44.9 pei cent."
That is forNcw England, sir.
"G. Rolled and hammered iron, not included in A, aver-
ages, in dutiable value, $45 per ton. New duty equal to
41 4 per cent.
u II. Dutiable value of pig iion, $14 per ton,
equal to 4-2.8 per cent.
Dutiable value of old iron, to $10.
equal to 120 and GO per cent.
" N. included in • G.5
" Cc. Polished s-hcet iron, dutiable value, 6 cents per
pound. New duty equal to 33} per cent.
'•'Dtl. Oilier sheet noil, common or black, not thinner
than No. 06 wire ^auge, P1'1 ton Dutiable value, §45
per ton. New duty equal to 41.4 per cent.
« Ee. Thinnm than No. 26. and not thinner than No. 2o,
wi>o gauge. Dutiable value, per ton. New duty equal
to 50 per cent. ,
'•Ff. Thum^r than No. 2G wire guug , $30 per ton. Du-
tiable value, $38 per ton. New duly equal to 50.9 per cent.
But, sir, there lmve been some amendments
proposed to be made in the bill by the committee,
and I went to the custom-house for the ad taforems
as they would be upon those amendments. Ac-
cording to this account but small changes have
been made by the amendments in the duties.
There is a change made in the duty on locomotive
th os, and parts which used to pay 24 per cent, now
will pay from 14 to 17 per cent.; anvils, winch
formerly paid 24, will now pay 36 per cent.; two-
inch wood-screws, which formeily paid 24 will
now pay 60 per cent.\ cross-cut saws foimeiiy
paid 24 per cent., the new duty Ls 48 per cent.;
on steel, which formerly paid 12 per ccnt., the
new duty is 22.7 per cent. This is a statement
fiom the custom-house, de.tcd February 13, 1861.
And yet, sir, the Senator from Rhode Island
said that the dealers in steel wore all contented
with the imposition. lie convinced them that
the framers of the bill knew more about their
business than they knew of it themselves, and
they all went away gratified that he had followed
his own head and not taken their suggestion.
Here is 22 per cent, upon so important a raw
material as steel. Why, sir, if he cou.d have
contented those who complain ot the Mount
tariff bill, he would have been the most fortunate
legislator udoii recoid. He certainly did not see
the men whom I saw from New York, for a more
discontented and complaining set ot gentlemen i
never laid my eyes upon in my whole legislative j
experience. One of them said to me, speaking ;
of this bill, "you might as well make war upon ,
the city of New York." That is an exaggerated ,
statement. I suppose it would do the city moie j
harm if you were to shell it than u you were to ,
pass this tariff bill; but that it must operate as a ,
blight upon its interests, I think noljody can doubt
who will study its provisions. 1 he representa-
tives of the hardware interest left me a statemeru
before they went away, to which I would like to
call the attention of the. Senate. Here is a table
to the very complication of these provisions, a
— - 1,1 1 -'-'-I afoods in store for 1 i — - - . , linori screws, i duccr lias over mi
^U^If They ta)°e according to their diffeHmtckisses,, | and 44 and 46 per cent. 15, making t
wan would have to leave his goods in store
do not know how Ions", in order that they r
be properly appraised and the duUW awwraed. ; ^e'chi^there'is~an^"average of 31 per cent,
you had been making a hill for the puiposeo i t,,er 0ilc 51 on another 5G{, another
attacking and suppressing the trade 1 nno4u,r 34, another 90, another 57, another
merchandise, and "putting down the importing
merchants of the country, you could not have de-
vised it better than it has been done m this case.
largely into common use? Cables 5§ percent.;
coil chain, three eighths incli, 70 per cent.; three
sixteenths inch, 52| per cent.; ox-chains, seve,n
tenths inch, 108 per cent.; trace chains, No. 3,
83 per cent., which applies also to halter, fence,
and other chains.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia inform me upon what basis this ad valorem
is placed; whether it is on the dutiable prices for
average years?
Mr. HUNTER. I have to say in reply, that
I cannot tell. The custom-house appraisefs base
the ad valorem on the average prices of the article,
and they are the men who are the best judges of
it. In regard to this statement—the Senator has
seen it as well as I have—left here by the commit-
tee of hardware men, it will be found to be cor-
roborated to a considerable extent by the state-
ment of the appraisers themselves, from whom I
have received estimates in regard to it.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia
will agree with me in one view on the present
point. He will agree with me that a statement
winch attempts to reduce the specific duty to ad
valorem, based on the present depressed prices,
would not give the Senate a fair idea of what would
be right as a general policy. If these statements
are based on the present depression of prices, then
they arc delusive.
I hope I shall bo allowed a single remark on a
point which the Senator has passed, and then I
will not trouble lum again. It is in reference to
the duty 011 iron. The country was better satis-
fied, I think, with the tariff of 1846, so far as iron
is concerned; at least, we beardless complaint;
and yet, the rate of duty reduced to specific rates
on the quantity during the existence of that tariff,
exceeds the specific rates named in this bill; and
for the six years prior to 1359, the rate of duty
on bar iron, as made out by those who were per-
fectly competent to make it, shows a specific rate
of £15 66.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, an attempt to
compare the specifics based upon the duties of
1846 with these specifics now, is something like
the comparison which the Senator from Rhode
Island made yesterday between the specifics under
the tariff of 1842 and the specifics now proposed;
as if what was a moderate duty then isnotaliigh
duty now. I have just shown that the imposition
of a duty of 24 per cent, will prolnbitthe importa-
tion of iron more largely now than 30 per cent,
would under the tariff of 1846. The reason of it
is, that the processes of makingiron are improved
so much that the relative difference between the
cost of making iron here and producing it abroad
has diminished, and diminished to such an extent,
that 24 per cent, will exclude more importations
of iron now than 30 per cent, would at the time
the tariff of 1846 was passed. I think I may say
that such is at least a probable conclusion from
the statistics which I have quoted. But in regard
to this reduction of specifics to ad valoruns I base
myself upon the opinion of the experts, the ap-
praisers in the custom-house, who are best ac-
quainted with the average prices. If I were to refer
to private individuals and to firms I could make a
much more telling statement against this bill; but
I choose rather to rely upon the public officers.
The statement I have made is taken from their
statement of last year I received, this morning, a
statement showing the few exceptions that are
proposed by the committee and not yet passed,
and according to their statement, as I have just
shown you, they do not alter their previous esti-
mate 111 regard to railroad iron at all. They alter
1 their statement in regard to steel and wood screws,
1 which they say will pay 60 per cent.; anvils,
I which they say will pay 36 per cent.; cross-cut
! saws, 48 per cent., and so 011.
! Now, Mr. President, it must be remembered
I that this duty is not the only advantage the home
I producer has. He has a natural advantage. I
; am told by importing merchants—I do not vouch
for the truth of it—that this natural advantage is
1 equal to about 15 per cent.: and if you wish to
| ascertain the wliole advantage the domestic pro-
[ ducer lias over the importer, you must auu to 4i
and 44 and 46 per cent. 15, making it 55 and 6U
i,, per cent., as the advantage lie has. I ass, it it is
5 !i proper to place these enormous duties on an arti-
59' i< cle of such general and necessary consumption.
another 54,' another 50 per cent. What do they
say of these indispensable articles wlucn entei so
Why, sir, iron and steel constitute the raw mate-
I rial of the tools of almost every artisan and every
