902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
trade, from the poor seamstress whose sorrows
have been so welfsungmthe " song of the shirt,"
who plies her busy needle from morn till night in
order to eke out a scanty subsistence, up to the
smith, who makes the air resound with the blows
of his hammer on the anvil. This collector of
taxes upon irtfn gathers tribute from everybody;
from the ax of the woodman, before whose sturdy
stroke the forest is daily falling around us; from
the wheel of the miller, from every bolt, every
chain, and every anchor, that belongs to a ship;
from the plow of the farm, from the iron horse
which transports man and his products, and from
the rail upon which he rolls. It taxes the rattle
of the child and the material of which the deep-
mouthed cannon is made. He is everywhere. He
enters into the kitchen of the poor, into the parlor
of the rich. He gathers pence from poverty and
pounds from the wealthy. He takes alike the
kettle which is boiling in the kitchen, and the vast
engine which propels your ship; and he who is
thuscolleciing tribute everywhere, is to be allowed
to raise it to this monstrous rate.
Mr. President,do you believe it will be borne'
Is it politic for the iron-masters themselves to ask
this enormous tribute? Why, sir, if it comes to
this, that we are to legislate for special and class
interests, why may not the railroad men come and
say, "we are of vastly more importance to the
country than iron-masters; we have greatly more
capital embarked; there are a groat many more
people interested in our enterprises; we represent
a much larger interest; andif special mteiestsare
to be favored, take the duty off railroad iron and
tax everybody else?" It was said, I believe, of a
French officer who, it was thought, had been im-
properly executed m the East Indies, that" every-
body had a right to kill 4 Lally,' except the exe-
cutioner." Everybody would have a right to
complain of such a demand on the part of the
railroad men, except the iron-master. How could
a man, who is getting over 40 per rent, upon iron,
complain if the railroad interest came in and asked
for special legislation? Keep your duties down
to a revenue standard, and 1 will resist the rail-
road man. He would then have no right to conic
here, but should pay duties as well as other peo-
f)le. But if I have to decide in a matter of special
egislation as to who is best entitled to protection,
the iron-masters or the railroad men, am 1 not
bound to admit tluit there is much more capital
invested and a groat many more people interested
in railroads than in iron works9 Who can doubt
it?
What becomes of those who are engaged in the
mechanic arts ? What becomes of the farmer, who
is so dependent for iron for the implements of Ins
farm? What becomes of the ship-builder, who
is requiring daily more and more of iron, to keep
up with the process in the aits and with the in\-
rovements which ar^ going on3 Why, it has
ecomc a material for houses, for ships, for thou-
sands of things in daily and common use; and it
is upon this necessary of life that we propose tins
enormous taxation. Sir, it cannot last. Impose
a duty, lay the tax, pass the hill, and H cannot
last. Not that the South can prevent it. We are
too weak now to prevent anything; but the great
Northwest and the Pacific coast, which are so
deeply dependent upon free trade, will rise up
against it and throw oil the oppression fiom the
statute-book, if once it be placed there.
But let me proceed, sir. Th^se duties upon iron
arc consistent with the general character of the
bill. Let me take up now the woolens. Here
arc carpets:
<k Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson patent vol vet, Tom nay
velvet, and tapesuv velvet carpet? and caipetmg, and ail
medallion oi whole carpets valued at *25, oi undei, pel
tquaie yard, 40 cents pei square jaid
That duty, according to the statement I have,
ranges from 32 to 43 per cent.
" Valued at over §1 25, 50 cents per square yard."'
The duty there ranges between 8| and 37 per
cent.
i: On Brussels and tape^tiy Biussels carpets and caipet-
ing> 30 cents per yaid."
That duty ranges from 20| to 47 per cent.
"On all treble-ingrain and worsted-chain Venetian car-
pets and carpeting, 25 cents pei square yard."
That duty ranges from 30 to 66 per cent.
" Druggets, bockin^s, and felt carpets and carpeting, at 50
cents per square yard, fiom 4J£ to Hi per cent, ad valo-
rem.; cloths, ea*sixneres< buck^kin^, doeskin^, mixed sack-
E
ings, pelisse cloths, habit cloths, ladies'cloaking?, fancies,
tweeds, plains, and felts, or goods of a similar character,
valued at 25 cents, and not exceeding 75 cents per square
yard, 1G cents per pound and 20 per cent, ad valorem; at
50 cents per fcquaie yard, from 4U- to 84 per cent, ad valo-
rcm.''
I wrote to the custom-house to know what the
proposed changes would make in this statement
they gave upon woolen goods; and here is the
answer: The bill, if amended as proposed, will
lay a tax on Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson
patent velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapestry vel-
vet carpets and carpeting, and all medallion or
whole carpets, valued atgl 25 or under per square
yard, 32 to 44 per cent.; on the same, valued at
over $1 25, from 8§ to 37 per cent.; on Brussels
ditto, from 20 to 47 per cent.; on Venetian,from
30 to 66 per cent.; on treble-ingrain, from 28g to
34 per cent.; on hemp or jute carpeting, from 32
to 40 per cent.; on druggets—which I am told is
an article of common consumption—from 4H to
111 per cent.; on wool cloths and coatings, from
20 to 100 percent.; on blankets, from 34 to 75per
cent.; on wool shawls, from 30 to 46| per cent.;
on unmanulactuied wool, costing lSj cents, 16|
per cent, ad valorem; costing 24 cents, 12£ per
cent, ad valorem; costing 24?, 36^ per cent, ad
valot tm.
That may suit the grower of fine wool, but it
will hardly suit the woolen manufacturer. Here
is a statement made by Mr. Hutton, who repre-
sents the importers of woolen goods, which I sup-
pose most of the Senate have seen. I will not
weary them by going through it, as all have seen
it. I will only advert to the fact that on an arti-
cle of such prime necessity as blankets, the duties
are rated at 81, 40, 76, 38, 34, 70, 58, 47, and 49
per centum. On woolen cloths, kerseys, andcas-
simeres, the duties range from 34 to T2 per cent.
On beaver cloths, Dutiil, and pilots, they range
from 35 to 48 percent. Does any man believe
that a tariff which lays such duties as these upon
the coarser woolen goods, upon those goods which
are most generally consumed, can raise anything:
like the revenue of a tariff of 24 percent. ? It will
be found, when we come to look at it, that the
consumption of these imported articles in the 24
per cent, schedule, with the exception of iron—1
mean of textile fabrics—is increasing under that
icduction, and the revenue is increasing under it.
I do not believe that upon most of them we shall
got an additional dollar by increasing tlie revenue.
On the contrary, I have mydoubts, although I do
not propose to do it, if we should not have more
money by gradually diminishing the duties on
them.
1 come now, sir, to cottons. I will pass over
the article of spool-thread, an article of prime
necessity, on which.the amended tariff proposes
a duty of 30 per cent., and on which we have had
some statements that go far to show that the ad-
ditional duty will be nearly prohibitory; and
come to some ether articles upon which we have
not been so directly informed. The custom-house
appraiser say that, under the proposed bill, ready-
made clothing, composed wholly or in part of
wool, so far as they have been able to test it, will
carry a duty of 28, 40, and 45 per cent, ad va-
lorem. Unbleached cottons, they furnish two
samples, the duty on which would be 43 and 47}
percent.; on other samples of bleached cotton
they will range fiom 20 to 40 per cent.; on sam-
ples of printed, colored, or dyed cotton, the duty
will range from 20 to 80 per cent. Spool-cotton
has been altered. On cotton bagging and gunny-
cloth the duties will range from 37 to 73 percent.
Now, let us see what Mr. Hutton says in re-
gard to it. He says that on printed jaconets
the proposed duty will'be 33 per cent.; where it
is 32 inch, 120 threads, 32|; on another quality,
31$; on another, 33£; on another, 31, &c. Thus
the duties upon these cottons which enter into
common consumption, range from 30 to 40 per
cent., and in the case of bagging sometimes to
over 70 per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia tell me where Mr. Hutton has got any du-
ties on cotton at 70 per cent.?
Mr. HUNTER. Such is the appraiser's es-
timate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have got the book, but I
do not see it.
Mr. HUNTER. (C On cotton bagging and
gunny-cloth, samples of which are tied together,
the duty will range from 37 to 73 per cent."
Mr. SIMMONS. Do you call them manufac-
tures of cotton ? I thought they were made out
of another kind of stuff.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose cotton bagging is
cotton. It is put under that head.
Mr. SIMMONS. He must bo a very smart
man, if he says this gunny-cloth is made out of
y^cotton.
w Mr. HUNTER. Be it so. The article is in-
dispensable to every cotton planter, I do not care
what you call.it, or of what material it be made;
and if he pays from 37 to 73 per cent., it matters
to him very little what you call it.
Mr. SIMMONS There is no such dutyonit.
M. HUNTER. The duty on herrings ranges
from 25 to 33^ per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. On what?
Mr. HUNTER. On herrings, pickled or salted,
at one dollar per barrel. " The importations are
large. Barrel No. 1, 25 per cent.; No. 2, 25 per
cent.; and No. 3, 33-j per cent." So say the cus-
tom-house appraisers.
The monstrous duties which were proposed on
glass in the bill as it came from the House, have
been a good deal reduced by the amendments of _
the committee. Still I find, accoidmg to a recent
custom-house statement, that the duties on glass
range from 28 to 62 per cent.*
1 have here a statement made by the appraisers
in regard to cigars. I will not read the whole of
it, for the statement is made upon the .bill as sent
from the House which is proposed to be amended
but 1 will read this:
" German cigais range fiom 5 guilders [that is,$2] to 12
guilders [$4 80J per thousand,dutiable value; and the pro
posed rates on the highest value, weighing a4 pound-, is
equal to 260 per cent; and on the lowest value, weighing
12 pounds, equal to 310 per cent."
The committee have reduced that nearly one
half. The specific duty, I believe, is reduced one
half. And so, for " 260," read " 130;" and for
" 310," read s< 155."
Thus it will be seen, Mr. President, that we
are laying almost a prohibitory duty upon the
cigar which is imported in large quantities, and
of the greatest aggregate value—I mean the Ger-
man cigar, which is used by those who can least
afford to pay money for the consumption of cigars;
which is a very large item, and important article,
in the trade which we get m return from the con-
tinent for the exports we send there. This is one
of the articles in which our continental trade was
increasing; and one which, instead of being dis-
couraged and prohibited, ought to have been en-
couraged.
55
x x
CO \o
ft
* o
Oi
gc;
• o
X *
a-
OX
: o
1
CO
©
io
o
©
Dolls.'
1 76
Cost price.
Second Quality.
Ol
CO
©
Cts. j
•26
Piesent duty.
1 00
C,t
« 9
-4 I.
Proposed duty.
to
eJ
CO
XO
Per cent, ad
valorem.
1 90
1 GO
o
Cost puce.
Third Quality.
JO
'■O
to
Cts.
j 21 ,
Piesent duty.
j 1 00
« 9
Proposed duty.
to
K>
O
Per ccnt. ad
valorem.
] 60
©
>- 3
CO 2.
O •/,
Cost price.
Fourth Quality. j
to
 
o
iO
1 Cts.
19
Present dutj.
cri
3 Q
Proposed duty.
05
to
Cn
CO
to
CO
Per cent, ad
valorem.
O
a The last named sizes weigh from five to ten pounds more
than one huudred pounds per one bundled feet, which will
increase the duty from 5 to 25 per cent, additional to 62 per
ccnt.
