1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90,3
Mr. President, I gave last year an exhibit of
this bill, and made a statement in regard to it. I
could go through with nearly the whole of this
proposed tariff, but 1 feel that I should weary the
Senate and myself too much if I would take item
by item and enter into these details. Suffice it to
say, it will be found generally that the duties
■which are imposed by this bill correspond with
the character of those which I have just been de-
scribing; and that duties of this onerous charac-
ter cannot, in the present state and condition of
trade, be supposed to bring in so much revenue
as we are now collecting from the more moderate
rate of duty. Why, sir, gentlemen ought to rec-
ollect that we cannot impose and collect the duties
now ihat we couid in 1842, or even in 1846. They
ought to remember that the difference in the cost
of production in manufactures in this country
and the manufactures abroad, is diminished so
much since then, that what was a revenue duty
at that time is a prohibitory duty now.
They ought to know, too, that, owing to the
rapidity of the communications of trade, we can-
not expect those large piyfits, or hope for those
larfre differences of price which have heretofore
existed. Everything is tending-towards a com-
mon level of price; and a duty which may be
small nominally, will sometimes' amount to a
highly protective duty; and so a duty which many
years ago would have been thought to be a mere
revenue duty, may now, in the present condition
of Hade, become prohibitory. I believe it would
not be difficult to take up the different tariffs, to
take up the tariff of 1842, and to show to what
extent, if it were reenacted, we, should now dimm-
ish and prohibit the trade of the country.
Now, sir, 1 ask if it is to be considered a fiscal
measure to impose these enormous duties for the
benefit of the manufacturers and the iron masters, j
to be paid by the consumer? Is it not obvious 1
thai we shall not collect move revenue for the j
Treasury by this bill r We may put more money i
into the pocket of the iron master; we may put
more money into the pocket of the manufacturer;
butweare passing a bill in th Is disturbed and d;^- ;
tressed condition of public affairs which will not
add to the public receipts, which will notcontrib- 1
ute to the public fisc, and which will only enable j
the duties on those which have been taken and
lost or consumed, and rehouse the residue again
foranotherfive years. I venture to say that there
is not a man in the whole United Kingdom who
has any character for financial ability or commer-
cial intelligence, who would think of proposing a
repeal of that system.
Why should we do it here? Has it not been
eminently beneficial since we extended the sys-
tem to three years ? Why,sir, let us look to the
history of its operation. I have had a statement
made of the goods that were imported and reex-
ported from this country from the years 1833 to
1846, before the system was established, and for
a corresponding period of years from 1848 to 1860.
In the first period of thirteen years, the entire re-
exportation of merchandise was $7.9,767,000; and
from 1843 to I860, the reexportation of goods im-
ported was $i46,09o,073, nearly double. Of this
latter amount of goods reexported, $92,200,000
worth were reexported from the warehouses.
Thus our ship-owners have derived the profit of
freights on this increased trade which we have
given to New York. Thus our merchants have
derived the profits on these exchanges. Thus the
owners of real estate have derived the profits upon
storages. Thus New York has been able to be-
come rapidly—and it is sincc the passage of the
warehouse bill that her progress has been most
most rapid—a great emporium and center of com-
merce. Why is it? It is because, owing to the
warehousing system, a great amount of the goods
of the world are stored there, and a merchant or
a ship-owner can go there and make out an as-
sorted cargo for any part of the globe. If the.
merchants have not the goods in their stores, they
have them in the warehouses. When a man car-
ries a bill Jo New York, he is sure that he can not
only convert it into money, but into any species of
commodity or merchandise which he may desire;
and that is one reason why the hanks have been
enabled to stand there, when they were breaking
and f.iihne; everywhere else. That is the rea.son
that a hill upnn N«>v York is worth more than a
lull upon oiii'r place's. That is one thing which
has served to make her a great center of com-
Owine to this system, the
mevce.^
Nor is that all, sir.
Ulu LU lllu JUUlit (*114 uiiju    j fi " i , • i ' it .
these manufacturers, theseiron masters,these men i! small dealer, the man of small capital, is able to
for whom you are sanctioning this class legisla- |] deal ill imported goods. He dues not luue to pay
tion,todraw $3 or $4 into their pockets where the
public collects $1; you thus enable them to gather
more revenue and more tribute now,_wbeu the
public is least able to pay it. What is this but
to add to the public burden; not for the benefit of
the public revenue, but to increase the profits of
certain favored classes and interests?
The Senator from Rhode Island has said (if 1
heard him right) that this tariff will probably
yield $20,000,000 more than the present one. I
venture the prediction that he will not find it so
in the course of the next year. I venture the pre-
diction that, unless the smuggler interposes, and
goods are introduced by fraud, the consumers
will find a great diminution of imported goods,
while the Government, m any event, will suffer
a loss of revenue. And, sir, why is he, m the
present condition of the country and oftrad^, thus
striking these mortal, these fatal blows at the mer-
chants of the country ? The story of the wrong
of this bill is but half told when I have adverted
to these enormous duties. There is a proposition
in it for the virtual repeal of the warehousing law
—that law under which New York has prospered
so largely.—that law to which England owes so
much of that centralization of commerce which
she has enjoyed in her cities and in her docks for
years past*. It was said that their warehousing
system was originated by Sir Robert Wnlpole,
who, for commercial intelligence, seemed, in this
and other respects, to have been far, far ahead of <
'his tune. According to the history that is given j
his duties of forty, fifty, oi sixty pur cent., or
i whatever they are, and lie out of the interest ett
' his money, and borrow it a long time before it
j can be returned to him; but, when he finds he
j can sell his goods, he goes to the warehouse, pays
i the duties, disposes of his merchandise, and ob-
' tains so speedy a return that he, too, is enabled
to deal in imported goods. Thus, the business is
not confined to those immense capitalists who are
able to advance the money, and wait for the in-
terest and the duty to be returned to them for
months, or perhaps years. .
But, Mr. President, that is not all. This ware-
| housing system is carrying out the policy which
j was introduced by Joseph, in Pharaoh's time. It
lays up in plentiful years for those that are lean;
and where there is over-production, and a danger
that prices will be reduced so low as to be ruin-
ous to the producer, the goods, instead of glutting
the market, go into the warehouse and wait for
dearer times. On the contrary, when there is a
scarcity, and prices rise so high that they are
likely to be ruinous to the consumer, the goods
comp out of warehouse and reduce the price. It
thus contributes to level the price. It thus gives
stability to price, which is often a great boon both
to the producer and consumer.
It is not wonderful, then, when we consider
the operation of this system, that it should have
contributed to the growth of the great city of Aew
York. Itis not wonderful, that, under sucu cir-
cumstances, their merchantsand their Chamocc of
. — I t I _ _ .. a f c* 1 o "\V" I 1 1 Prl
C U I11-3 ICIU Oj *11-— AWH ^ 1 ' I
to us, the nien that had made so much money out ||
of the frauds which had been perpetrated through j p l is =Vstcto Whom does it hurt;
the system of drawbacks and debentures, got up j down lhis.,^ t Systcr« W fc°«da M
a mob and instigated commotions against him. Suppose allthe n ™tfcw
They beset him £s he went to the House of Com- :! to store their surp us co nmodu^sjiei.e ^ ^ .
nions, and made it so disagreeable that he had to Yoi c. w K.^o-et tieirsbare of the freights,
abandon the bill. But finally reason conquered Would not out s hsps ^etthu . . ^
prejudice;truth triumphed. The British Govern- ,j our goods; would not
meat introduced the system, and they i; tWreat merchants who deal abroad find a readier
to be warehoused not merely three years.but fne , gretrtmci. d tanthelr cargoes?
years; and then, after five years, the importer may ; • means to fill the i ships anu country
come in and take an account of his goods, pay .! Suppose we could,by a wish,make y
the great storehouse for the surplus commodities
of the whole world: the city in which they were
stored would become the center of the commerce
of the world, and the greatest commercial empo-
rium upon the earth. Keep this law up,and"New
York, on the Atlantic coast, and Sail Francisco,
on the Pacific, are destined, if these States can
continue together, and if the times shall hereafter
be and continue to be prosperous—I do not know
that they are not destined under any circumstances
—to become the greatest cities of the world. But,
sir, the policy and the measures which are so ne-
cessary, in order to enable them to realize this
greatness, and to place themselves in this advan-
tageous position, it is proposed ruthlessly and
wantonly to destroy at one blow. I do not know
on what principle it is, unless that another man's
gain is your loss. I do not know whom itinjures.
I kn ow that the merchants, the real-estate holders,
and the ship-owners in our cities, are greatly ben-
efited by it. ■
But we are told that by the warehouse system
the Government of the United States give a credit.
How gives a credit? If foreigners choose to store
their goods in New York instead of London, and
we permit them to do so, is the Government of
the United States giving them anymore credit
than if Ave forced our importers to send to Lon-
don for them instead of getting them at the store
house at New York? No, sir. We may thus
throw difficult ies and obstacles ill the way of their
getting imported goods, and we may strike indi-
rectly at the consumption of imported goods; but
we arc no more giving them credit if the goods
remain in warehouse in New York, than if they
remain in warehouse at London or Liverpool.
The statement of the whole case is that in times
when the prices are low, the merchants and man-
ufacturers store away their surplus commodities,
if they are able to do so; if they do not store them
here they store- them abroad; and if you force
them to store them abroad instead of storing them
here, when we want to use them, instead of our
cities havm.'r tile advantage of freighting the ships,
instead of our merchants having the profits of the
exchanges thus made, and of a world-wide com-
merce, these great advantages will be enjoyed by
foreign cities and persons abroad.
And, Mi. President, why sliould wa be intro-
ducing these measures to strike at the commercial
interests of the country r Is it not obvious that,
nextto Christianity .the influence ofthe merchant
is the master influence in human civilization ? Has
he not succeeded the warrior as the grand instru-
ment of change and revolution? Whether heap-
pears in the shape of the Jew, the Hindoo, orthe
Armenian,descending from the steppes and plains
of Central Asia through the passes ofthe Himma-
laya, or whether he be the Anglo-Saxon steam-
ing across the sea with his rich freights of com-
merce and civilization, his mission is the same.
He comes to extend the empire of commerce, so
far as the great purposes of a free intercourse and
the free exchange of commodities among men are
cohcerned. He comes to break down and oblit-
erate the boundaries between states and races and
tribes, and to erect a great community of nations.
With his sack of gold he penetrates, like Philip,
into the heart of cities which Alexander could
never have entered with his sword. With his
bill of exchange he exercises a jurisdiction far
wider than ever was covered by the rescript of an
emperor or the ukase of a czar. He gathers trib-
ute, too, in realms and in countries where neither
the one northe otlierwould beknown or respected.
Mr. President, the necessity for free intercourse
and for free trade among men is now beginning
to be recognized as so high that the civilized na-
tions of the world justify themselves in enforcing
il at the point ofthe sword. Look now at those
boundaries which China has set up for immemo-
rial centuries between herself and the rest of the
world; how they are falling before the advancing
tide of civilization. See how the two leading
civilized nations of Europe are even now engaged
in forcing their intercourse and their trade on lier
at the point of the sword and the cannon s mouth.
Is it at such a time as this that we are to introduce
this legislation, which is nothing but a wanton
attack upon the merchant and the great commer-
cial interests of the country in order to put mm
down? Does he not suffer enough under the
monstrous taxations which this Morrill bill im-
poses ? Are we to add to it the withdrawal of the
