904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
facilities which he enjoys from the warehousing
system ?
Mr. President, what justification can there be
for it? Every other abuse that I have heard of,
somehow or other, is justified by the Chicago
platform. If we want to.take the proceeds of the
public lands to pay the public debt, the Chicago
platform, with its homestead bill, stands in the
way. If we want to resist an appropriation of
between one hundred and two hundred million
dollars to three Pacific railroads, the Chicago
platform requires that too. Its principles have
become a sort of higher law; higher than the Con-
stitution, higher than public justice, higher than
public credit. Let everything else fail and perish
so that the principles of the Chicago platform are
carried out!
Sir, I have presented these views in regard to
this tariff for the purpose of showing how it will
operate upon the whole country; for the purpose
of showing how it will operate upon the non-
slaveholding States themselves. I have said noth-
ing; about my own State or my own section.
Within the last four or five years, my State has
been reviving; the tide of emigration, which was
getting out to a great degree, has ceased; the sta-
tistics will show that she has been increasing in
population and in wealth. But pass this bill, and
you send a blight over that land; the tide of emi-
gration will commence—I fear to flow outward—
once more, and we shall begin to decline and ret-
rograde, instead of advancing, as I had fondly
hoped we should do. And what I say of my own
State I may justly say of the other southern
States. But, sir, I do not press that view of the
subject. I know that here we are too weak to
resist or to defend ourselves; those who sympa-
thize with our wiongs are too weak to help us;
those who are strong enough to help us do not
sympathize with our wrongs, or whatever we
may sutler under it. No, sir; this bill will pass.
And lot it pass into the statute-book; let it pass
into history, that we may know how it is that
the South has been dealt with when New Eng-
land and Pennsylvania held the power to deal
with her interests.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say, let it pass; and we will
let it pass into history. The Senator has indulged
in a long debate upon these questions. I do not
choose to debate the geneiai proposition while
the amendments arc ponding; and I merely rise
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
this is about the fourth time, since my present
term commenced, that at each session this regu-
lar eulogy has been pronounced on the existing
tariff by the Senator from Virginia, that it would
more than supply the wants of the Government,
and pretty generally when he was pressing the
Senate to vote on loan bills. We have had loan
bills generally every time as the concluding part
of this sjiecch of his. The Senator has compli-
mented England for her fine commercial system.
Sir, it is indeed a commercial system. J-Jer finan-
cial system is a system worthy ofanation. How
many specific duties, and how many ad valorem
duties has she in her tariff? She collects moic
than one hundred million of annual revenue on
her imports, and there is not five hundred thou-
sand of it by ad valorem duties. There is not one
half of 1 per cent, of it that has ever been col-
lected for the last twenty years by the system of
duties which he advocates. They know better
than to let their fiso depend on the fluctuations of
merchandise.
This harangue against all who do not happen
to agree with the Senator's notions of low duties,
and the purpose they have in trying to supply the
Treasury with means, I have heard ever since I
knew anything about tariffs. The Senator has
told us of the effect of these high duties, as he
calls them; and he has made a statement as to
there being a duty of 70 per cent, on cotton bag-
ging, which he says is made of cotton. It is
very heavy, and there is 1 cent a square yard on
it. That is all the duty there is on heavy cotton
bags by this bill. This cotton bagging weighs i
about two pounds to the square yard, and the j
duty is I cent upon two pounds of manufactured '
cotton in a yard of cotton bagging. That is all j
there is put upon it. So of every one of the in- \
stances the Senator has quoted; but I shall not go ;
through them. The Senator was on this com- j
inittee, and he lenows the amendments proposed '
by the committee to this bill; and yet has re- !
vamped the old statement about the high duties
on steel. He says, notwithstanding the amend-
ment reported by the committee, that he has a
paper made out to show that the duty on steel
above 11 cents a pound is Pcr cent. If that
were true, it would notbe a very tremendousduty;
but it so happens that, as the bill stands, there is
no duty upon steel above 11 cents a pound, except
an ad valorem duty of 20 per cent. That is one
of the amendments which has been printed, and
been on his table for a fortnight; and yet he says
the duty is 22) percent. 1 only mention it to
show how reckless people are in making state-
ments about a bill which is right before them.
The Senator commenced with reading us a lec-
ture for not having agreed to pledge the proceeds
of the public lands, in the early part of this ses-
sion, for the redemption of Treasury notes. He
says the Chicago platform was in the way then.
I never heard anybody say anything about the
Chicago platform, in the Senate, in connection
with the sale of the public lands, t did not say
what I might have said when the Senator urged
the pledge of these lands to keep the notes out,
that the factis, the public lands have been pledged,
ever since 1848, for the redemption of the public
debt; and they have always been used since
against the pledges of the Government, and I did
not want to pledge them over again. I do not
understand this pledging of a fund three or four
times over for different debts, and then spending
it all for the ordinary expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. This very land fund was pledged to
pay the war debt of Mexico; a pledge which has
not been redeemed; and yet the Senator is quai-
reling with us because wo do not pledge it over
again. I said then, that I did notmean to prom-
ise according to my hopes, and pay according to
my fears. I do not want to make a promise, when
we wish to borrow money, that cannot be kept;
although that has been the practice of this Ad-
ministration and the last. I am rather slow about
making pledges; but when I make them, I want
to sec them fulfilled.
The Senator says that such financial manage-
ment as this Government has been conducted on,
for the last few years, would min any country.
Well, sir, who is responsible for the management
of the finances for the last few years ?
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator, who is
responsible for the refusal to put up the postages;
the Democratic party >
Air. SIMMONS. The Simatorsaid the finan-
cial management of the Government had been
such as to hankruptany country. Now, [ should
like to know if all the appropriations* have not
been presented to the Senate by the Senator from
Virginia. His party have had a majority in both
Houses for yeais past, and they have bankrupted
the country. The Senator from Virginia at an
early part of this session abdicated his post. I
thought 1 could see the reason for it. If I had
stated to a deliberative assembly like this as many
times as he has, that they might icst assured, on
the best data in the world, that the present tariff
would give money enough; when it came so that
we had to pay the wages of Senators by install-
ments, I would abdicate. He said, too, that we
had a majority. I have never yet seen the time
when we have. had. When, finally, the Senator
went off the Committee on Finance, we had six
or eight majority against us. There is still a ma-
jority against us; but I trust there will not be, a
great deal longer.
I had intended to conduct this debate without
going into these large dealings upon the amend-
ments. 1 hoped first to get the bill amended; but
the impression will go to the country, from what
the Senator has said, that here is a bill that is
going to raise to 70 or 80 per cent, the duties on
the leading articles of consumption, and I do not
like to have that go to the country without some
explanation and correction.
The Senator has been telling you that under
the present tariff the low duty on iron has affected
the importation of iron so that it is almost a pro-
hibition now. He has got tables ciphered up
showing it. I do not care what his tables are:
but everybody who knows anything about busi-
ness in this country knows that the revulsion of
1857 utterly annihilated the projects for railroads,
and there has been no demand for railroad iron
since then. The country has been too poor; the
railroad stocks have been down to 50 cents on
the dollar all over the country; and all the new
enterprises were abandoned. That is the reason
why railroad iron has not been imported. People
have not had the money to buy it. When the
English stopped, in August, 1857, taking our rail-
road bonds and State stocks in payment for our
importations of their iron, it was not a month be-
fore money here was 3 per cent, a month; and it
continued to increase until it got to 10 per cent.;
and then the banks all stopped. Your trade has
been such, under this tariff, that they would stop
in three months, any time, if England refused to
take your bonds. Just as soon as they stop doing
that, we have to stop. It is time we had a sys-
tem that we could control ourselves. Everybody
understands the reason why these railroads ceased
to be built, and why the consumption of iron has
been less. It has been owing to the inability of
the people to purchase iron; and if the English
manufacturers would have sold it at §15 a ton,
the people here could not have bought it.
Tiie Senator wants low duties, in order to im-
poit from Germany to help our ship-owners!
Why, sir, docs the Seifhtor know in what vessels
German dry-goods come here? It is true we have
had a large increase of importation of merchan-
dise from Germany; but do the American ships
bring it? There is hardly a case of dry-goods
that does not come in steam vessels; and foreign-
ers have driven our steamers off the ocean. The
business is in their hands—freights and all. He
seems to rejoice when somebody else gets this
trade away from us. lie would take down duties
in order to furnish English and German steamers
with freight, and keep them going, while our
people were starving.
Then, in regard to the great difficulty of collect-
ing these specific duties, he has a great many au-
thorities. I did not allude to them when he read
them last year. I thought they would do very
well before election; but I never supposed any-
body would repeat them after the election was
over. They are pretty good Democratic author-
ities, I know; pretty good free trade authentic?*;
but he said any such a bill as this, with specific
duties and compound duties, ought to be sent to
the Tycoon of Japan. 1 thought that very smart,
[laughter;] but 1 see that, when England and
France make a treaty of commerce with Japan,
Loms Napoleon is Tycoon enough to fix in the
treaty that, after the first six months, all the ad
valorem duties shall be put into specifics. That is
his tycooncry. He does not have any ad valorem
duties, if he can help it. He watches England for
six months, and collects duties for six months on
the ad valorem system; and then he requires them
to be put into specific duties, to last for the entire
period of the treaty. You cannot find a nation in
the world, except the United States, that knows
anything about commerce, where this dogma of
free tiadc and ad valorcms prevails—not even in
China, where the beneficent ideas of Christianity
and commerce,according to the Senator,have bat-
tered down the walls of their cities. I thought it
was the long-ranged guns that knocked them to
pieces. That is my reading; that Pekin was
reached at the point of the bayonet, and through
the long-ranged guns; but it may have been com-
merce; i know they were after commerce; but
they conquered commerce at the eannon'smouth;
and they did not pretend to call it christianizing
the world either. They have other influences of
Christianity than what prevail in the mind of the
Senator from Virginia. We have several institu-
tions that are very christianizing, as well as com-
merce.
The Senator says the duties on cotton goods
are very difficult to col lee t under this bill, and he
dwelt particularly on the counting of the threads.
If the Senator had ever read the English tariff, he
would have seen that the duties on linens are.
advanced,step by step, every four threads. Where
I go sixty threads, they would make fifteen dif-
ferent stages. We can pattern after England about
warehousing; butheis very careful not to pattern
after them when they look for revenue. If you
can fix the tariff so as to allow the Government
to be defrauded, it will be satisfactory to the Sen-
ator from Virginia, if I can undeisUuid his rea-
soning. The Senator made appeals to the labor
of the country, to everybody that plows and plants.
These are very ingenious things; but what are
the products of labor, and how is labor sold, and
what regulates the wages of labor ? Is it not the
