1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
price of its products in the markets when they are
sold? If I can raise a bushel of wheat with a
day's work, and sell it for §1 25, that is the price
of my day's work. If it goes down to 50 ccnts,
that is the price. Now, suppose this tariff does
enhance the price of the products of the labor of
the country: for whose benefit is it? The benefit
of the men who do the labor. The great manu-
facturers that are spoken of, are mere agents to
sell labor in the market, because the production
is made up of the labor and of the raw material.
The great end of all these appeals is to get labor
against capital, to make the'notion that the em-
ployer and employed have some different and an-
tagonistic interests. That is the whole purpose.
That has been the game for twenty years about
election time, and now it is kept up continually.
Why, sir, it is the interest of every laboring man
in the land, I care not what his pursuit is, to have
the market price of wages high. That is the in-
terest of every man who produces anything; and
it is the interest of the employer alike to have it
high; and there will be just as much chaffering
about it if it is low as if k is high. If a man is
selling his labor, he will get the highest market
price he can; and the man that is buying it, will
get it at the lowest market price. No matter if
the price is 50 cents or $1, they will chaffcr; they
are sharp bargain-makers; but it is the interest of
both that the market price should be high. If it
was $2 a day, they would chaffer about it, and the
man that worked would want §2 25, and the man
that employed him would want to get his labor at
$1 75. So it is between the buyer and seller of
everything.
The Senator spoke a great deal of the ware-
housing system; and he thinks when it comes to
that, the English may be right. Now, I have
some little returns of the warehouse, and 1 will
just let the Senate understand why I want to
have that system amended. He gets his returns
from the Treasury. I have not found any report
of $54,000,000, or anywhere, near $54,000,000.
He said it would have been $58,000,000, but for
some accidents. There must have been a terrible
sight of accidents under this tariff!
Mr. HUNTER. I have the statement of the
Register, putting it at £,54,000,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have the returns here, too.
Mr. HUNTER. I can give the Senator the
table, if he desires it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have a statement here from
the Register of the Treasury, signed by him, giv-
ing these three years. I do not know whether he
has two sets of books or not. [Laughter.] It
was a little over $53,U00,000 one year. But I shall
not look at it, for I want to talk a little about this
warehousing. On the lstof July, 1S57, when the
new duties under the present tariff took effect,
there was no schedule more than 30 per cent., and
the next below that was 24 per cent. There was
then m the warehouses of the country merchan-
dise amounting to §50,392,840; and on that amount
of goods there were due to the United States
$16^956,852 of duties. That was the return. I
have taken pains to see how many of these goods
could be at a lower rate of duty than the brandies
and wines which were fixed at 30 per cen t. Taking
the amount of duties due on these goods, and cal-
culating 30 per cent, as the rate of duty on them
all, and the goods would fall about §100,000 short
of the amount shown by the Treasury books. I
think this warehouse fund has to bear some of the
burden of the corruption fund about election times.
There were not goods enough in warehouse at 30
per cent, to pay the warehouse charges against
them, according to the reoorts. This shows that
there could not be a dollar's worth of anything m
warehouse but brandies and wines.
Why should we give a credit on these $16,000,000
of duties for three years, while the liquor of the
importer is ageing? The rise many liquor in three
years, while it is put away to age, would pay 10
per cent. These $56,000,000 of goods would
have given us $56,000,000 of duties under the
previous tariff, because the liquors were 100 per
cent, before 1857. We did without $56,000,000
for three years. Yet the Senator says, it is no
credit. If we find half the capital and the mer-
chants the other half, and allow them to put their
liquors in warehouse to ripen for sale, the Senator
thinks it costs us nothing, although the interest
on the duties due would amount to §1,000,000 a
year at 6 per cent. He wants us to hire the money
at 12 per cent, per annum, and even 36 per cent.;
give this credit, and letthese folks shave our notes
and pay us with our own money that is due to
us on goods. That is what he wants; and he
says there is no credit in that! Oh, no! He can
cipher it out in any way. If he wanted to get
rid of it, he would have $56,000,000 costing us
$3,000,000 a year, and it would at 100 per cent,
duty; but when he wants to hire money to lend
to others wi&tout interest, and pay 3 per cent, a
month on it, there is no credit in that 1 I want to
bring this warehouse account to a close,thesame
as I wantsome other accounts closed. I wantto
see how much these funds have suffered during
this Administration, the extravagance of which,
he said, would ruin the country. I mean to make
no charges against this Administration. I have
moie reason to pity them than to find fault with
them. [Laughter.]
I did not intend to say anything about the Sen-
ator's continued appeals and charges upon us that
our platform induced us to make this revenue bill.
Why, sir, this bill passed the House of Repre-
sentatives before the Chicago platform existed.
I do not know how the House of Representatives
came to know what the Chicago platform would
be. They passed this bill before the platform was
made. I thought we had agreed very well about
amending it. ! did not know of any serious ob-
jection to any single one of these amendments in
committee. As to this long tissue of matter about
the woolen goods, the committee have taken all
that detail out of this bill, and I presume the Sen-
ate will do so whenever we come to that amend-
ment. Perhaps that is one reason why the Sen-
ator wanted to make his speech now. It happened
to be prepared for another kind of hill than that
before us, and he wanted to make the speech now,
because it would not apply at all after the bill is
amended as the committee propose. The Sen-
ator's speech is on the general principles of the
bill, such a one as might be made when the bill
was perfected; and it is the one which he made
last year, as the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] suggests to me. I thought the Sen-
ator had the same colored paper before him that
he had last year. The tables were made up for
another occasion, to go to an election upon.
I shall not detain the Senate with this kind of
debate; I do not want to waste time by it; but I
want to get at the amendments as soon as possi-
ble, and if I shall have occasion to address the
Senate again, I shall undertake to satisfy the Sen-
ate and the country as to every one of the Sena-
tor's books and papers, and not bo a great while
about it either.
Mr. RIGLER. Before the Senate goes into
executive session, I simply desire to state that I
intend to reply to the arguments of the Senator
from Virginia, not only those which he has pre-
sented to-day, but some which he has heretofore
presented; but I shall not do so until we have
proceeded with the amendments and tho bill is
about ready for its final passage. My purpose
is to reply to his geneial aiguinent with reference
to the policy and general bearings of the bill be-
fore us. I believe there is an order to go into
executive session at three o'clock
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bragg in
the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair to announce
to the Senate that the time has arrived for going
into executive session under a special order here-
tofore adopted by tho Senate. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will therefore clear the galleries, and close
the doors.
executive session.
After some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, tho doors were reopened, and
tne Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 14, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
tiie takiff.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 beg leave
to present the memorial of the Board of Trade of
, Philadelphia asking the passage of the " Morrill
I tariff bill;" which I ask to have read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have no objec-
tion to that memorial being rtad; provided that I
can also have read a memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of New York.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. A memorial
from the Chamber of Commerce upon this sub-
ject was read on a former day. I hope the ge'n-
tleman will not make the reading of his paper the
condition on which the memorial which I have
sent up may be read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well; I will
not object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
had better object, in the outset, to the reading of
these memorials. They are out of order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask, then,
that the memorial may be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The memorial was so referred.
Washington's birth bat.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution;
Resolved, That theFarewell Address of President Wash-
ington be lead in ttie Hall of the House of Representatives
by the Clerk of the same, on the 22<l of February instant;
and that the Pi evident of the United States, the President
elect of the United States, tile members of the Cabinet, the
judges of the Supteme Court of the United States, the mem-
bers of the Senate, and the ctiiefmilitary and naval oliicers,
and commissioner to the peace convention now in the
cily, be invited by the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives on tiiat occasion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Asthcadop-
tion of that resolution would involve the neces-
sity of a session of the House on that day, I must
object. I think that Congress should, as a mat-
ter of course, adjourn over on that day, as a mark
of respect to the memory of Washington.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the House
is to have a session on that day, I think it should
be for the purpose mentioned in my colleague's
resolution.
Mr. HINDMAN. I think that resolution should
be adopted. I want to see the military here, with
General Scott at their head. [Laughter.]
washington indian expenses.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the acting Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting estimates for the salaries of
the superintendentof Indian affairs, and of Indian
agents in Washington Territory; which was re-
feired to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. IIINDMAN. I hope the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mooiuiead]
will be adopted. I think it would be eminently
proper, under the circumstances, to adroit the
military arm of the service into the House of
Representatives. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. I call for the regular order of
business.
indian appropriation.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, byunanimous
consent, the Indian appropriation bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and, with tho amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
superintendent op tiie census.
Mr. LEAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution,
which relates to a subject of great interest to the
State of Virginia. I hope the House will permit
the resolution to be adopted.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolvel, That a select committee of three be appointed
with instructions tr. inquitc. ami! eposr toting House whether
the Superintendent of the C< n-u-! bureau has hcrctofom
mstiucted the cleiks jn that bureau to make out, from the
eensus returns, a list or lists of the names oi heads of fam-
ilies in the Stale of Vitgimu. for ihe purpose of lmvmg
speeches or documents franked to such head* of families;
and that, in prosecutuis this inquiry, the committee havo
power to send for peifcons and papers.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to that resolution.
Mr. LEAKE. I hope I shall be permitted to
make a single remark in reference to it.
Mr. HINDMAN. I want to say upon that
subject, that I have reason to believe that Superin-
tendent Kennedy has been engaged in a violation
of the postal laws of the United States, as well as
in other malfeasances. I hope the resolution will
be permitted to come in, and be adopted. [Cms
of*' Order!" and confusion.]
Mr. CRAIGrE, of North Carolina, made two or
