322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
Prom Marion, Williamson county, via F.
Smith's and Western Saratoga, to Jonesboro', in
Union county.
Prom Murpbysborovia the Bluff road, to Lib-
erty, in Randolph county.
Prom Gardner Station, on the Alton and St.
Louis railroad, to Tonica Station, on the Illinois
Central railroad.
Prom Mount Erie, Wayne county, to Clay
City, Clay county.
Prom Carbondale,viaUrbane, J. A.Williams's,
and Caleb Lyrely's, to Jackson, Missouri.
From Duquoin, Perry county, via Vergennes
and Ava, to Chester.
From Newton, in Jasper county, via Elliotts-
town, to Mason, Effingham county.
From Mount Vernon to Xenia.
From Q^uincy, Adams county, via Millville,
Kinderhook, Rockport, Atlas, Pleasant Vale^
Pleasant Hill, Bayville, Fairview, and Ham*
burgh, to Hardin,in Calhoun county; and return-
ing, shall pass up the bottom lands of the Illinois
river to Shafer's Store, thence to Vedder, New-
port, Harpole's School House,Bayville,and back
on the same route to Q,uincy.
Fiom Hardin, via News, Fielding, Jersoyville,
and Fidelity, to Shipman, in Macoupin county.
From Wallingford, via Five Mile Grove, to
Joliet.
From Georgetown, via Indianola, Palermo,
(Hickory Grove,) Newman, and Camargo, to
Tuscola.
From Mateno, via Yellow Head Grove, to
Sheiburnville.
From Manchester, in Green county, via Win-
chester and Oxville, to Naples, in Scott county.
From Hickory Hill to Xenia.
From Prairie City, via Arlowo, Burnsville,
Job's Creek, and Mustean's Grove, to La Harpe.
From Belleville to Coloma, a station on the
Central railway, Washington county.
From Galva, Henry county, via Bishop Hill,
to Cambridge.
From Macomb,McDonough county, via John-
son,Tabic Grove, Ipavia, Vermont, and Astoria,
to Bardstown, in the county of Cass.
Fioin Indianola to Catlin,
From Duquoin, Perry county, via Forest Hill,
Willis Grove, and Denmark, to Steel's Mills,
Randolph county.
From Benton, via Aiken, Lane's Cross Roads,
and Gnswold, to New Haven, Illinois.
From Jordan Post Office, Vermillion county,
Illinois, to Marshfield, Warren county, Indiana.
From Bushnell, via Marietta, Table Grove,
Vermont, Astoria, Browning, and Frederick, to
Beardstown.
indiana.
From Chili, via Wheatville, to Gilead.
From Ross Station (on the Michigan Central
railroad cut-off) to Morrillvillc, Lake county.
From Grovertown, (on the Fort Wayne and
Chicago railroad,) via Knox, in Stark county, to
San Pierre, on the Louisville, New Albany, and
Chicago railroad.
From Mooncy, via Woodville P. O., to Me-
dora.
From Bourbon, Marshall county, (on the Fort
Wayne and Chicago railroad,) via Tippecanoo-
town, Yellow Creek, Sevastopol, Akron, Gilead,
Wheatville, and Chili, to Peru, on the Wabash
Valley railroad.
From Greensburgh, via Kingston,SpringHill,
and Ciarksburgh, to Metamora.
From Newport, via Quaker I-'ointjto Bonwell,
in Illinois.
From Hobbieville, Green county, via Bloom-
field and Linton, to Sullivan, Sullivan county.
From Dyer Station, Luke county, via St. John's
and Brunswick, to Outlet.
From Bridgeport, Perry county, to Ferdinand,
Dubois county.
From the county seat of Newton county, via
White's Grove, to Morocco.
From Brownstown, viaMooney,to Blooming-
ton.
Prom FortRitner, viaLeesville, to Heltonville.
From Crown Point to Dyer Station.
From Alvarado to Hamilton.
From Aurora to Rising Sun, (by land.)
From Monrovia, via Centre Valley and Belle-
ville, to Cartershurg.
From Forrest City, Winnebago county, via
Bristol, and W. II. Russel's, Worth county, and
Stephen's Corners, on the Minnesota line, to
Otranto, in Mitchell county.
From Des Moines, via Winterset, Madison
county, Afton, Union county, and Bedford, Tay-
lor county, Iowa, and Mound City, Holt county,
Missouri, to White Cloud, Kansas.
From Oskaloosa to Montezuma.
From Montezuma, via Blue Point, to Lynn-
ville, in Jasper county.
From Oskaloosa, via Flint, Granville, Lynn-
ville, and Sugar Creek, to Grinncll, Poweshiek
county.
From Cedar Bluffs to Mechanicsville
From Leoni, Butler county, via Boyland's
Grove, Union Ridge, Hampton, County Seat,
Franklin county, and Maysville, to Iowa Falls,
Hardin county.
From Shell Rock Falls, via ^Plymouth, North-
wood, Shell Rock City, and Saint Nicholas, to
Albert Lee, Freeborn county, Minnesota.
From Wyoming, Jones county, to Louden,
Cedar county, on the Chicago, Iowa, and Ne-
braska railroad, crossing the Wapsapimcon river
at Oxford City.
kansas. '
From Merrimac to Eaton City, on the Repub-
lican river.
From Palermo to Kennekuk.
From Kennekuk to Louisville.
From Cottonwood Falls to Beach Valley.
From Cottonwood Falls, via Diamond Springs,
to Junction City.
From Chelsea to Diamond Springs.
From Raysville (Osage post office,) via Day-
ton, Turkey Creek, and Rockford, to Pawnee
City.
From Leavenworth, via Pratt's Mission,Mon-
ticello, Olathe, Spring Hill, Paolo, Paris, Mone-
ka, Mound City, Mapleton, and Dogtown, to
Marmaton, in Bourbon county.
From Marysville, Marshall county, via Cot-
tonwood Trading Post, to Washington, Wash-
ington county.
From Humboldt, Allen county, via Osage City,
Catholic Mission, Free Point, and Saint John, to
Fort Gibson.
From Carlylo, Allen county, via Geneva, to
Neosho Falls, Woodson county.
From Ohio City, Franklin county, via Central
City, to Neosho Falls.
From Paoh, Lykms county, via Niami Vil-
lage, New Lancaster, and Rockville, to West
Point, Bates county, Missouri.
From Topeka, via Burlingame, to Forest Hill.
From Atchison, via Saint Nicholas, Winches-
ter, and Oskaloosa, to Lawrence.
From Atchison, via Lancaster, America, Irving
City, and Blue River, to Clifton, in Clay county.
From Lawrcnce to Salma, via Big Springs,
Shields, and Brownsville.
From Burlington, via Woodson Center, Nica-
raugua, Verdigris, and Salem, on the Aikansas
river, to Sherman, Texas.
From Ossawatamio, via Jackson. Centreville,
and Oakwood, m Linn county, to Xenia, Bour-
bon county.
From Lawrence, via Minneola and Sac and
Fox Agency, to Burlington.
From Leavenworth City, via Platte City, Mis-
souri, to Cameron, Missouri.
From Fort Riley, via Batcheldcr, to Gatesvillc.
From Lcroy, Coffee county, to Neosho Falls,
Woodson county.
From Atchison to Holton, in Jackson county.
From Atchison, via Lancaster, Monro via, Mor-
gota, Eureka, America, and Clear Creek, toMcr-
rimac.
From Junction City, to Denver City, via
Smokey Hill, Fork of Kansas river.
From Fort Scott, via Cow Creek, Mr. Bax-
ter's, Hudson's, Z. Daniel's, Sulphur Springs,
Landrum's, John Alberty'SjPryar's Creek, Dun-
can's, Brady's Ferry, Arkansas river, N. Fork,
Town Creek Nation, Gary's, and Boggy Depot,
to Preston, Texas.
From Denver Citv to Mountain City.
From Colorado City, via Tarryall, to Breck-
enridge.
From Missouri City to Breckenridge, viaSpan-
ish Bar and Idaho.
From Mountain City to Boulder.
From the Sac and Fox Agency to Burlington.
From Humboldt, via Catholic Mission and
McGee City, to Grand Falls, Newton county,
Missouri.
From Mapleton, via Magnolia and Vernon, in
Allen county, to Humboldt.
From Ellwood to Marysville.
From Colorado City to Diamond Springs,, on
the Independence and Santa Fe route.
From Vermillion City, via Irving, to Eatons-
ville.
From Fort Smith, in Arkansas, via Fort Gib-
son, to Pawnee Fork, Kansas.
From Colorado City to Pawnee Fork.
From Cottonwood Springs, in Nebraska Ter-
ritory, to Denver City.
From Woodson Centre, Woodson county,
Kansas, via Mantaw, Allen county, Littletown,
Lebeete, in Dorr county, Q,uapaw Agency, in the
Q,uapaw Nation, to Neosho, 111 Newton county,
Missouri.
From Topeka, via Springfield, to Council
Grove.
From Council Grove to Cottonwood Falls.
From Cottonwood Falls, via Bazaar, to Chel-
sea.
From Marysville, via Merrimac, St. George,
and Waubonsa, to Wilmington.
From Leavenworth, via De Soto, to Ossawat-
omie.
From Mapleton, Bourbon county, via Magno-
lia and Vernon, to Humboldt, Allen county.
From Colorado City to Pawnee Fork.
From Kansas to Fort Riley.
From Atchison to Topeka.
From Atchison to Fort Kearny.
From Pawnee Fork, via Fort "YVise, to Pueblo,
on the Arkansas river.
Prom Pueblo to Colorado City.
Prom Pueblo up the Arkansas river, via Can-
non City, Ivellav's Bar, California Gulch, and
Georgia Gulch, to Breckenridge.
From Ohio City, via Cresco, to Le Roy.
From Tanqua to California Gulch, on the Ark-
ansas.
kentucky.
From Bowling Green, via Claypool and Gains-
ville, to Scottsville.
From Murray, via* Cook's Valley and Linn-
ville, to Feliciana.
Fipm McKee, Jackson county, via William
Golden's and Reedville, to Mount Vernon.
From John Morris's, on Beaver Creek, Floyd
county, to Whitesburg, Letcher county.
From Licking Station, Floyd county, via Elli-
ottsvillo and Jackson, Breathitt county, to Boone-
ville.
From Danville, Boyle county, via the Danville,
Dix River,and Lancaster turnpike road, to Lan-
caster, Garrard county.
From Pamtsvilh-', Jackson county, [to] Say-
lersvilie, Magoffin county.
From London, Laurel county, via Sublimity,
to Somerset, in Pulaski county.
From Fiat Lick, Knox county, along the old
AVildemess and Raccoon road, to Bush's Store,
in Laurel county.
From Hazard, Perry county, via Joseph Ev-
ersole's and Crockettsville,to Booneville, Owsley
county.
From Paducah, via Mayfield, to Casey's Sta-
tion, on the Mobile and Ohio railroad, in Ten-
nessee.
From Murray, via New Providence [and] Al-
bertson's Mills, to New Concord.
From Providencc, via Dixon, to Poolville.
From Cadiz, via Donaldson Creek, to Linton.
From Wingo's Station, via Casey's Station
and Feliciana, to Hickman.
From Madisonville,via Vanderburgh,St.Jo's,
and Dixon, to Morganfield.
From Clinton, Kentucky,to Dresden,Tennes-
see.
From Clarksville,Tennessee,via Garnetsbuig,
La Fayette, Roaring Springs, to Cadiz, Ken-
tucky.
From Barboursville, Knox county, via Lon-
don, to Boston, Whitley county.
From West Liberty, Morgan county, via the
