1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i)07
that speech, that it was from this motive, and this
alone, that I made the remarks I did; that wrong
had been committed by our State against other
States, and that I wanted to apply the remedy. I
sustained the remedy proposed by the committee
of thirty-three. My colleague over the way had
attacked it; I defended it, and m doing so, I gave
the facts necessary to a proper understanding of
the measure before the country and the House;
so that we might vote properly upon this reme-
dial proposition.
If my colleague expects to make anything from
this attack upon me, I am willing to meet him now
and here, or at any time and place. Every time"
this thing comes into this House, I am placed
upon the defensive in reference to my own party
and my own State, and against the disgraceful
domination of the Republican party in Ohio.
Because 1 do this, I am to be hunted down by
these blood-hounds ofthe Republican party. Why
do not these gentlemen attack some ofthe south-
ern men who stand up here for the Union, and
measures of conciliation to preserve it? Oh, no.
They sing pearis to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Eti-ieridge,] and the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] and to other southern
members; but when a Democrat from Ohio, or a
northern Democrat stands up here for the Union,
he is at once made the mark for the missiles of
scorn, hate, and personality. It shows that they
love their party better than the Union; that they
will stand by their platform rather than the Con-
stitution.
Mi. WEBSTER. Personal explanations seem
to be in order this morning. I have endeavored
for some days to get the floor for that purpose,
but have not succeeded, and I avail myself of this
opportunity to do so. It will be remembered that
some days ago, when my friend, the senior mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Stevens,] was mak-
ing a speech, 1 interrupted him by making refer-
ence to two instances in which citizens of my State
lost their lives in attempting to arrest their slaves
in the State of Pennsylvania. 1 said, then, as I
say now, that, in alluding to those cases, I had
no desire to enter into crimination or reciimina-
tion. I had no desire whatever to increase the
unhappy excitement which exists in the country,
but 1 did it because the senior member from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in making what I sup-
posed to be a strong anti-compromise speech, re-
ferred to certain alleged wrongs perpetrated by
citizens of the South upon citizens of the North,
and included my own State. ' I made those re-
marks in that interruption simply as a sort of
set-oflf, so that when the people of his State should
come to see his speech, they might find that we
also had grievances to complain of, and that
thereby they might be inclined to settle amicably
the difficulties between us. That was the only
motive that actuated me. I wished to show that
the wrong was not altogether upon one side.
I find that the citizens of Carlisle have taken
exception to my remarks, which were doubtless
not reported correctly in the papers which they
saw; and a gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Junkin] took occasion, several days afterwards,
during one of the night sessions of the House,
when I was not present to defend myself, to ani-
madvert upon my conduct, both as regards the
correctness of the facts which I stated, and the
motives which induced mo to state them. Now,
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman, in so doing, has mis-
represented what ( did say, as well as reflected
upon my party. The language I usetl upon that
occasion was this:
" Well, fir, I desire only to refer to an occurrence which
took place m Carlisle, Pennsylvania. A man from my State
went to Caih-le to reclaim a hlave who Lad fled from him;
and ua> muidered in lus attempt to arre&t ins own slave.
Anotin'i gentleman went fiom Baltimore county, in my
district, to the gentleman's State to leciann his slave who
had cscaped ; and he w as muidered at Christiana while en-
deavoring to ctYcci the leciaimuinn/'
The gentleman, in his speech, says that I as-
serted here in my place, that " the citizens of the.
borough of Carlisle had murdered a citizen of the
State of Maryland m cold Mood, when he was in
pursuit of his slave." Sir, I made no reference
to the citizens of Carlisle. I said nothing about
a man being murdered in cold blood. Far be it
ftoni me to reflect upon the citizens of that bor-
ough. t lived among them for four years, as a
student m college there. I have a high regard for
most of them. 1 have mingled with them upon
terms of intimacy, and 1 would not reflect un-
necessarily or unjustly upon them. I believe a
majority of them arc peaceable, law-abiding, and
Union-lovmg men, and 1 desire here to say that
in justice to them. I simply referred to the sad
fact—for fact it was and true—that a gentleman
had been murdered when attempting to arrest his
slaves in that borough. Now, sir, thegentleman
from Pennsylvania, when giving his statement of
the facts connected with that case, used the fol-
lowing language:
" You will ieam the fact that this alleced murder never
was committed at all; that the man died of indigestion,
piobably unu&ed to the solid living of Pennsylvania; lie
may have eaten saurkraut or cabbage."
Now, sir, I hold in my hand a communication
in regard to the death of Mr. Kennedy, to whom
I referred, written, at my request, by the brother-
in-law of that gentleman, a highly distinguished
citizen of the State of Maryland,formeily a mem-
ber of this House, and at present engaged in the
peace conference, at the other end of the avenue,
the Hon. J. Dixon Roman.
The letter was read, as follows: •
Wizards' Hotel,
Washington, February 11, 1861.
Dear Sir: I teceived last evening your note inclosing
the reported speech of Mr. Jhnkin, and requesting from me
a statement ol the facts} and eueum^tarices attending the
death of my brother-in-Jaw, Mr. James H. Kennedy, te-
teued to m said t-peech.
Mi. Kennedy i raided in Hagerstown, Maiylatid, a young
gentleman under thiity years of age, of hbeial education,
easy foitune, and with all the surroundings which lend at-
tiactions to life, lie pursued his slaves who had escaped
into Pennsylvania,'and on the 2d June, 1847, arrested them
in Catlike. Under legal advice he appealed with them be-
fore the eoutt, claiming their restitution under the Consti-
tution and the act or* Congress of 1793. The facts were not
di-puted The judge declaied his undoubted light to leturn
them to Maiylarid ; but decided that, by the leeent act of
1847. commonly known as the " personal liberty bill" of
that i^taie, 11 (he couit wa- forbidden to hold jurisdiction,
and the thei ilTfoi hidden to lendoi assistance, or to use the
jail for safe-keeping."
Being thu> dv'puved of official aid. while passing horn
the conit-hon-'e door to his carnage at the cuibnone lie
wa« ana<*ked bv an nifiuiated mob ; and, although a few
citizens, p"t=onal mends who were with lnm, aided by
some othei>, lought manfull) in defense, they were over-
powered, the slaves iescued,and be left pinstrate on the
street, with severe bniisesm the region of the chest, and his
knee-cap inoken. Many other citizens were piesent, in-
cluding a piofessor m the college, (a cleigyman,) who was
said to ha\e u.^ed language of bittei ho&tiiit\ against the
owneis, and who was afterwards tued as an •' aeeesaon',"
but acquitted, as I learned, because of a doubt whetherhts
encom aging language had been heard by, or influenced
those actively engaged m the not.
Mi. Kenned} iemamed confined to his bed at the hotel
until the 2oth : and being a man of vigorous constitution
and mnnteirupted health, his fnends did not suppose, al-
though crippled for life, tiiat his injuries would prove fatal.
But Ins appetite soon failed, and his general health lapidly
declined, without unv appaient adequate causc.
Fot man} day* previous to his deatii he frequently awoke
from sleep w ith gieat oppies-ion and diflicuny of bieathmg,
which mciea-ed and became giadually mote seuou-, until,
the morning oi the 25th, lie suddenly awoke with a similar
paio.wcm ot great oppie^-sion, and died within an hour.
IIis w'lfe. biother, and M-tei weie with him, and fiom their
statement-, and tho.e of hi^ physician, I am satisfied there
was ?3o si;uiptGin of Ck colic,and the idea of u cramp in
the istoiii'ich"' v\ as never suggested. Theie had been no k> im-
prudence in diet," and to say that he died of u indigestion"
would «cem to he lidiculom. Physician* differed m opinion.
Sohkj of those in tla^eistown believed the bruises on his ,
client had ic-niited in internal mollification. There was no ,
diffeieiKV, howevei, as to the fact that his death was caused j
bv the inimif'< received tiom the mob. And it is not true, I
a"s stated'by Mr. Miltei, that lie had recovered from those |
in'Utie-= pieviouh to his death ;
When Ins body was biought home to TL-iger-town, and ;
the ten thou-and'of our citizens who attended his funeia! i
heaid the widow Js wail and the orphan's cry, it called forth j
a itiOhi intense iVi ling of thirsting indignation against the j
hostile legislation of Pennsylvania, wiucii had led to the '
sad result; and tin* feeling'spiead on the lightning's wing j
throughout the South, until many million^ ot her people,who ,
had never heaid his name oi known his worth, were icady ;
to mmgle tears over hisuntimel} siave, as a mart) r In then 1
common cau^e. i
The facts above staled in connection with the not, were ;
denved next day fiom lum«-elf and ^eveial of those citizens j
who had struggled by hi- side; and these, with thecitcum- ;
stances attending his death, having been the subject ot fre- ■
queiu family convei&auons, it is scarcely possible for them i
to be mistaken m ioiuotten. '
Mr. Miller has doubtless h' ard the fact which I now le- j
peat, that the family enteitamed the most giateful feelings j
towards those citizens of Cai lisle who so nobly battled in j
his defence and to the lane majouty of hei people who ;
at'teiwaiiis pouied foith their sympathies fiom overflowing (
heaits. But these feelinns aie not inconsistent with the ,
deep and abiding conviction that the not was the conse- .
quenee of hostile legislation; noi with the still more ceitam |
fact that t!ie injuiie* then ieeeived were the direct and pi ox- ;
imatc cause ot his death. mvnv rniT \N 1
Yours, tnnceiely, J.DIXOa kOMAfv. .
Hon. Edwin IT. Webster. ;
Mr. WEBSTER. It will be perceived from ,
this letter that the statement f made at the tinge of
interrupting the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] though not giving all particulars,
was substantially correct in regard to the ease at
Carlisle.
I also referred to a case which occurred in the
county of Lancaster. The gentleman also, in his
reply, referred to that case; and in doing so he
used the following language:
" The fact is that Mr. GorsucU was murdered by his own
slaves. He was warned, before he undeitook to arrest
them, that the negroes were known to be desperate, and
that they would undoubtedly take their master's life ; and
Mr. Gorsueh swore by his Maker that he would arrest them,
or die in the attempt. He made the effort, and was shot
down by his own slave, and not by Pennsylvanians."
Well, sir, would it be believed, after such lan-
guage as this, that Mr. Gorsueh was a highly re-
spectable citizen of my State, an old gentleman,
a worthy member of the Methodist Episcopal
Church? That he followed his slaves into the
county of Lancaster, taking with him a marshal
of the United States, and the process of the Uni-
ted States, which had been provided by the fugitive
slave law of 1850, and when he attempted to ar-
rest his slaves under the process of law, he was
resisted by an armed mob of negroes and mur-
dered; and his son, who was with him, barely
escaped with his life. Nevertheless, these are the
facts, and nothing but the facts.
I do not care to dwell upon these things, and I
regret that it has been necessary to allude to them
at all. I desire that the concord and fraternity
which has so long existed between the old Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania and that of Mary-
land shall not be destroyed. 1 admire that old
State. The bones of many of my ancestors sleep
within her bosom, and many relations now Jive
within her limits. 1 have very great regard for
that State, and I hope it will continue to be, in
the future, as it has been in the past; the key-
stone of the Federal arch. But I do say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, who has undertaken
to arraign my conduct in regard to this matter,
that if he desires to maintain those friendly rela-
tions, I liust he will take some other couise,
when the death of one of our most respectable
and Christian citizens is alluded to; a citizen
foully, brutally murdered, in his State, while at-
tempting to arrest his slaves by due process of
law, than of referring to him as a man of violence
and profanity, and of making the death of another
of our estimated citizens, who lost his life in the
pursuit of his slave, the occasion of jests, upon
this floor, or of laughter through these Halls. Sir,
this is not the way to pour oil upon the troubled
waters; this is not the way to heal the open
wounds, still bleeding from the violence inflicted
on our people. I trust the gentleman will not pur-
sue this line of policy hereafter. I trust, at least,
that before he again undertakes to question the
correctness of my statements, or to arraign my
conduct upon this floor, he will see that his own
statements arc founded in fact, and that his own
conduct is above reproach.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
say a siiigle word. The gentleman from Mary-
land says that he interposed in my speech, be-
cause I was making what he supposed to be a
strong anti-compromise speech. If the gentleman
had read my speech—although I do not expect
anybody to take that trouble—he would have
found that I made a very conservative speech.
As to anti-compromise, I oelieve I did not agree
to go for a compromise. I did say that I had
watched for something on the part of the free
States to be compromised, and that I could find
nothing; but if there was anything which was
wrong, I was sure wc could compromise it. The
gentleman, when lie made his statement, said that
I alluded to a case, I think, of a requisition from
the Governor. In the course of remark, some-
thing was said about the Governor of Ohio not
delivering up criminals upon a requisition. I
mentioned—and I believe my remark was put in
the Globe by the reporters—that a similar case—
I did not inquire into the merits of it-~occunud
m my own county, and that, in two instances,
kidnappers were indicted by the grand jury of
Chester county, and a requisition for them was
made upon the Governor of Maryland; but he
refused to give them up. I believe it was at that
point that the gentleman from Maryland inter-
rupted me, and made this crimination against
Pennsylvania. It is due to myself that I should
