1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Forks of Elk Creek, the Forks of New Creek, and
New Hope, to BellsTrace,at William Watson's.
LOUISIANA.
From 0?)clousas to Hickory Flats, in [the]
pari?5fi of Calcasieu.
From Downsville, via Pipcsviile, Lourenee's
Fnrry, and John Day's, to Lisbon, in Claiborne
parish.
From Greensburg, via "William's Mills, on
Fickfaw river, to Osyka,on the New Orleans, J.,
and G. N. railroad.
From Hai nsonburg to Winsboro'.
From Kirk's Ferry to Trinity.
From Tanchipuhoa, in St. Helena, to Frank-
iinton.
From Villa Platte, via Hickory Flat, to Lake
Charles.
From Mount Pleasant, Caldwell parish, to
Louisville, Winn parish.
From Lake Charles to Sugar Town.
MARYLAND.
From Bladensburg to Buena Vista.
From North East, via Bay View and Zion, to
Brick Meeting-house, in Cecil county.
MASSACHUSETTS.
From Charlemont, Franklin county, through
the northwest part of Hawley, and the northerly
part of Savoy, in Berkshire county, to Adams,
South Village, in said Berkshire county, via the
post office in West Hawley, and the house of
Timothy Baker, in said Savoy.
From Franklin to Sheldonville.
[From Charlottee Hall,down the three-notched
road, to the Great Mills, and thence to PointLook-
out.]
MICHIGAN.
From Croton to Leonard.
From Sangatunck, via Holland, to Grand Ha-
ven.
From Arland, via Tompkins* Mills, Aurelius
Centie, and North Aurelius, to Delhi Centre.
From Forrestville, via Bingham, Austin, Elk-
land, Ellington, Aimer, Indianfields, Watrous-
ville, Denmark, and Blumfield Junction, to East
Saginaw.
From Linden, via Aigentine and Deer Creek,
to Oak Grove.
From the mouth of the Menomonee river, via
Little Bay de Noquet, to Munising, on Lake Su-
perior.
From Ovid, on the Detroitand Mihvaukie rail-
road, to Duplain.
Fiom Niles, via Berrien Centre, Pipe Stone,
and Bainbridge, to Watervliet.
From Muskegon, county site of Muskegon, to
Mears, at the head of White Lake.
MINNESOTA.
From Breckenridge, in Toombs county, via
Graham s Point, Sytominue, La Fayette, George-
town, Dakota, and Fort Abercrombie, to Pem-
binj, in PcmUna county.
From Pine Bend, in Dakota county, to North-
field, in Rice county.
From Chatfield, Fillmore county, via Carimona,
Forestville, Cherry Grove, Etna, and Elba, to
Leroy, Mower county.
From Reed's Landing, via Pepin, Lakeport,
Stockholm, and Maiden Rock, to Saratoga, Wis-
consin.
From Little Falls to Breckenridge.
From Little Falls, Morrison county, via Gran-
ite City, and the north shore of Mille Lac Lake,
to Superior City, Wisconsin.
From New film, Brown county, via Leaven-
worth, to Fort Ridgeiy, Nicollet county.
From Jackson, Minnesota, to Fori Dodge,
Iowa.
From Jackson, Minnesota, to Sioux Falls City,
Dakota Territory.
MISSISSIPPI.
From Meadville, via Wells Creek and Knox-
villc, to Hopewell Church.
Fiom Philadelphia, in Neshoba county, via
Team's Spring, to Masliulaville.
From Herbert, Neshoba county, (on the great
stride line from Jackson, Mississippi, to Mont-
gomery, Alabama,) to Marion station, on the Mo-
bile and Ohio railroad.
From Port Gibson, Claiborne county, via Oak
Hill, to Union Church, Jefferson county.
From Big Oak, Kemper county, via Marion
Station, to Philadelphia, in Neshoba county.
From Garvin's Ferry, on the Sunflower river,
to Williams's Landing, on the same river.
From Greenwood to Sharkey? and declaring
the Tallahatchie river a post route between those
pomts.
From Union, via William Tames, Belton, to
Chunkey ville.
MISSOURI.
From Parkville to Q,uindaro, in Kansas.
From Rochester, Andrew county, via Albert
G. Atkins Js farm and Douglas, to Yolo, in Gentry
county.
From Trenton, Grundy county, via Edenburg,
G-rubtown, and Bolton, to Bethany.
From Independence, via Liberty, Plattsburg,
Osborn, Maysville,and Gentryville, to Albany.
From Kansas City to Liberty.
From Rockport, in Boon county, to Sturgeon.
From West Plains to Breckenridge, in Ark-
ansas.
From Neosho to Fountain City, Kansas.
From Poplar Bluffs, via Ash Hill, to Kennett,
in Dunklin county.
From Stewartsville, via Ridgeiy, to Parksville.
From Ridgeiy, via Platte City, to Weston.
From Saint Joseph, via Ehvood and White
Cloud, in Kansas, and Saint Stephen, to Ne-
braska City.
From Saint Joseph, via Ehvood, Walthena,
Troy, and Robinson, to Caponia.
From Rolla, Phelps county, to Dent C. H.
From Liberty, via Smithville and Carpenter's
Store, to Saint Joseph.
From Iron Mountain, via Howe's Mill, to
DentC. H.
From Dundee, via Campbellton and Port Hud-
son, to Cedar Fork.
From Cross Roads, via Brady's Mills, to Perry-
: ville.
From Rolla, Phelps county, via Wright and
Kitchen's Store and Edgar's Springs, to Licking,
Texas county.
From Cuba, via Steelsville, to Dent C. H.
From Cadet Station to Big River Mills.
From Jamestown, Phelps county, to Dent
C. H.
From Curran, Stone county, via Flat Creek,
to Berryville, Arkansas.
From Point Pleasant, via Brown's Ferry, in
Dunklin county, to Gainesville, Arkansas.
From West Prairie, via Kennett, to Homers-
villc, Dunklin county.
From Lowndes to Bloomfield.
From Logan s Creek, via Mammoth Springs,
Carter's Mills, and Taylor's Store, to Patterson.
From Dent C. H., via Harlow's Mills, to
Jack's Fork, in Texas county.
From Butler, via West Point, to Paoli, Kan-
sas.
From Ozark* Missouri, to Batesville, Arkan-
sas.
From Medora to Vienna.
From Chamois to Portland.
From California, Moniteau county, via High
Point and Rocky Mount, in Miller county, to
Linn Creek, Camden county.
From Springfield, via Ozark and Forsythe, in !
Missouri, Burrowsville, Arkansas, to Atlanta,
Arkansas.
From Rocheport, via Rome, to Sturgeon, in
Boone county.
From Bowling Green, Pike county, to Spencer-
burg.
From Macon City, via Edina and Memphis, to
Farmington, Iowa.
From Saint Louis, via Cahokia, Centreville
Station, Millstadt, and Floraville, to Hecker, in
Illinois.
From Saint Joseph, via Ehvood, Bellemont,
and Highland, in Kansas, and Rulo, Saint Ste-
phen, Nemoha City, Brownsville, Nebraska City,
Wyoming, Rock Bluff, Piattsmoutii, and Bell-
vue, to Omaha, in Nebraska.
From Allen, via Kytesville, to Brunswick.
From Trenton to Pleasant Plains, Iowa.
From Fort Des Moines, Iowa, via Trenton,
Chillicothe, and Carrollton, Missouri, to Little
Rock,Aikansas.
From Pans, via Middle Grove, to R^nick.
From Glasgow, via Switzer's Mill, M. Hai-
rel's, and EH Wayland's, to Callao, on the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad.
From Chillicothe, via Alpha, and Lindley, to
Wintersville.
From Scottsville, via Terre Haute, Busick's
Store, and Madisonvilie, to Corydon, Wayne
county, Iowa.
From Keytsville, via Westville, Bucklin, and
Greencastle,"to Unionville.
From Fort Henry, via Thomasville, and At-
terbury and Jackson's Store, to Callao, Macon
county.
From Marshfield, via White Oak Spring, Ken-
ton, and Ozark, to Galena.
From Ozark, via Stevens'Mill, to Mount Ver-
non.
From Hartville to West Plains.
From Neosho to Little Verdigris, in the Cher-
okee Nation.
From Ozark to Douglas C. H.
~ From Crawford Seminary to Chiider's, on the
Neosho river.
From Clinton, Henry county, via Monagan, to
Nevada, in Vernon county.
From Silver Spring to Blackwell's Station, on
the Iron Mountain railroad.
From Weston, via Jatan, to Atkinson, Kansas,
From Columbia, in Boon county, via Provi-
dence, Jamestown, California Highpoint, and
Rocky Mount,to Linn Creek, in Camden county.
NEBRASKA.
From Decatur, Burt county, via Logan Valley,
to West Point, (Summing county.
From Dakota City, along the Missouri river,
to Fort Randall.
From Highland, via Falls City, to Nebraska
City.
From Falls City, via Geneva, Scott's, Table
Rock, Pawnee City, and Beatrice, to Patterson's
Itanche.
From Brownsville, Nemaha county, via Te-
cumsch and Austin, to Beatrice, in Gage county.
From Pawnee City, via A. R. Hunt's, Tecum-
seh, Kingston, and Three Forks of Great Ne-
maha, to Olatha, on Salt Creek.
From Ponca, via Iona, to Vermillion, in Dakota
Territory.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
From Dover, via Rochester, Union Village,
and Ossipce, to Conway.
From Conway to North Conway.
NEW JERSEY.
From New York, via the Raritan and Delaware
Bay railroad, to Long Branch, New Jersey.
From Bordentown, via Mansfield Square,
Georgetown, Sykes ville, Wnghtstown, and Pamt-
ville, to Brown's Mills, Burlington county.
NEW YORK.
From West Shandaken, via Gavet, (near Mill
Brook,) Gain's Mills, and Turnwood. (near Bea-
verkill river,) to Shin.Creek post office.
From Hancock to Mount Pleasant, Pennsyl-
vania, via Ball's Eddy, Kingsbury Hill, Staatons-
burg, Fallmansville, Hmes's Corners, and Bel-
mont.
From North River to Eagle's Nest.
From Johnsbuig, via North Creek and North
River, to Eagle'ft Nesf.
From Albany, via Green bush, East Gre<-nbush,
Schodack Centre, Nassau, Bramard's, Motfatt's
Store, New Lebanon Centre, and New Lebanon,
to New Lebanon Spiings.
From Parksville, Sullivan county, to Callicoon
Depot, via Liberty, Robertsonvitle, Youngsvilie,
Jeffersonville, and North Branch.
From Rockland to Not th Branch, viaThumans-
ville.
NEW MEXICO.
From Taos, via Arroyo Hondo, Rio Colorado,
Costiila, Ciuebia, Fort Garland, Fountain City,
and Husslcville, to Denver City.
From Fort Union, via Rayado, to Pueblo.
From Independence, Missouri, via Pawnee
Foik, Fort Wise, Rayado, arid Fort Union, to
Santa Fe.
NORTH CAROLINA.
From Burnsville to Johnson Depot, in Tennes-
see, on the East Tennessee and Virginia uulioad
From Burnsville, Yancey county, via Pleasant
Gaidens, to Marion. McDowell county.
