908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
state that, when the gentleman referred to the
Carlisle case, X did not hear him. I heard him
speak of the Chiistiana case; and I made thean-
Svver, that Mr. Gorsuch, of whom I know noth-
ing1, had been murdered by his own slaves—I
believe there were two of them—and that they
escaped to Canada. Some eighteen or nineteen
negroes were tried for aiding in the rescue, but
they were all found not to have been present. If
I had heard the gentleman speak of the Carlisle
case, I should have responded pretty much as
my colleague [Mr. Junkin] did. I was once em-
ployed by Mr. McClintock to defend him; but I
could not go. Mr. McClintock was indicted, but
he was acquitted on the ground that he was not
a participator. A number of colored persons,
who were indicted for the riot, were convicted
and sentenced to imprisonment; and in aH'cases
where the offense was proved, there was punish-
ment.
Now, f did not intend to criminate the State of
Maryland any further than to say that we had as
much to complain of as they had. I was a little
astonished, therefore, that the gentleman from
Maryland should have taken oifense and became
excitcd at what I said. I said nothing agamst
Maryland, except to state the fact that her Gov-
ernor refused to deliver up those kidnappers, on
the requisition of the Governor of Pennsylvania.
The gentleman may have supposed that I was
opposed to compromise,and was, therefore, pre-
pared to say some hard things. I am opposed to
compromise, until there is something to compro-
mise; but I meant to say it in gentle language.
I know that, in this respect, I differ from many
of my fnends and colleagues. I know thai many
have the good fortune to be made of more pliable
stuff; indeed, one half of the world, every where,
melts into the softest dough, from the nape of
the neck to the os coccygis. [Laughter.]
Mr. JUNKIN. Mr. Speaker, in answering
the allegations of the gentleman from Maryland,
I did not address my lemarks to him alone. 1
have heard this chatge made against the people
of Pennsylvania tune and again since I have been
a member of this House. Thave heard it affirmed
over and over again, that we in Pennsylvania
murdered two Marylandcrs who were in pursuit
of their slaves; and 1 see that ahigh official of the
State of Maryland has deliberately put it in a
printed pamphlet that Mr. Kennedy was mur-
dered by a Pennsylvania mob. Now, as I stated
tho.other night, the very lawyer who conducted
the proceedings from beginning to end admits that
the whole ailair amounted to nothing more nor
less than a riot; and when Mr. Dixon Uomaine
alludes lo the alleged murder of Mr. Kennedy, he
carefully suppresses the fact that not a single white
man was engaged in the transaction. And yet this
charge is mad-* against the citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, when the veiy man who utters the charge
knows (hat this thing was done by negroes, and
by negroes alone. If' this thing amounted to mur-
der, why were not these black men tried for the
offense* The only thing the authorities could
convict them of was riot, and for that they were
sent to the penitentiary; and h-t me obseivt: that
in imposing that penalty, the court indicted a pun-
ishment which, under the Saws of Pennsylvania,
they had no right, to do. They had only the light
to send them to the county jail, instead of which
they were sent to the penitentiary for three and
four years, although they were afterwards re-
leased by the supreme eoiut on a writ of habeas
corpus. Then* was but one single white man
chaiged with participation m thacriot, and he was
tried by an impartial jury. The State of Maryland
was beard there by her own counsel, and he was
acquitted because there was no testimony identi-
fying him with the tiansortion. Now, I aver that
the statement made by Mr. Miller in his letter
corresponds with my own recollection of the facts,
becau*e the thing occurred m my own district,
and within twenty miles of where 1 live. I be-
lieve that he stated the facts precisely as they
occurred.
Another thing, Mr. Speaker. 1 see that it is
chaigud in a printed pamphlet, published a few
days ago by a high olfinal of Maryland, that the
authorities uf this very borough of Carlisle en-
ticed two men into the county of Cumberland, and
tried them for kidnapping. Now, 1 admit that
these men were tried before Judge Graham for
kidnapping, and were duly convicted. I assert,
February 14,
too, that they were convicted upon the adjudica-
tion of the courts of the State of Maryland her-
self, which had settled, in two or three decisions,
that when freedom was bequeathed to a slave, it
was a specific legacy to'■the slave; and if the ex-
ecutor acquiesced in it by suffering him to go at
large, it was a recognition and payment of the
legacy. That was the state of facts under which
this conviction took place. The negroes in ques-
tion were freed by their mistress at her death. The
executor permitted them to leave the State and go
into Pennsylvania, where they located and lived
with their families for several years. Afterwards,
by order of the orphan's court of Frederick coun' y,
these negroes were ordered to be sold for payment
of testatrix's debts; and on this authority, these
alleged slaves were, without any process whatso-
ever, seized by the persons tried, and carried back
to slavery; and this, by the law of Pennsylvania,
was kidnapping, not because they were seized
without process, but because, being free, they
were carried off without process of law. The right
of rccapture we concede to the slave owner; but
when ne exercises that right, he must be sure
they are slaves. The men who carried them back
were tried for the offense in Pennsylvania, pre-
cisely as they would have been tried m the cir-
cuit court of Frederick county. The question of
their freedom was involved in the issue, and had
to be tried. I do not think it fair now for Mary-
land to turn round and accuse' us of failing to do
our duty, because we followed out the rule of law
settled in her own courts. If we are wrong, we
were misled by their own courts;and they should
correct their own decisions, and not expect us to
do it for them.
Mr. CURTIS. I now call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. WEBSTER. I desire to say a word in
reply  
Mr. GROW. I object. That would render a
rejoinder necessary. Doth sides have been heard
now.
Mr. HUGHES. It is due to my colleague to be
permitted to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman fiom Maryland has a right to be heard.
Mr. GROW. Then 1 rise to a point of order.
Let us know whether we have any rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
point of order.
Mr. GROW. My point of order is, that no
gentleman can take the floor on a personal ex-
planation without the consent of the House. That
is the rule. Now, if the Speaker proposes to
decide that any gentleman has a right to make a
personal explanation, unless it affccts his seat, I
will appeal from that decision.
The {SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is perfectly
correct.
Mr. WEBSTER. Very well; X will not in-
sist.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. CURTIS. I now move that the special
order on the report of the committee of thirty-
three be postponed until after the Pacific railroad
bill is disposed of.
Mr. SICKLES. I suppose the Pacific railroad
bill is the tiist business in order.
The SPEAKER. The special order is not be-
fore the blouse at present. The question before
the House is on seconding the previous question
on the first amendment of the Senate as follows:
Add to the fli^t section of the bill, after the woid u Mis-
huh i,"' the \\ oul-, " <it the mouth of the Kansas aver, and
pi oeeedmg thence up the valley ot ssaid iivei to the vicinity
of Tort Riie\m> that it will read :
That to uimiix the '-ate, eeitain, and speedy transporta-
tion of maih, uoops, and public s-toren lrom the western
bolder of what is called our western States, by railioad, to
wit: startingliom two points, one on the wc.-tem bolder
of the Suite of Mi^oini, at the mouth ot the Kan-as river,
and proceeding thence up the valley of '-aid river to the vi-
ctim.) of Foit Riley, and the other on the western border
ot Iowa, witii two eonreigmg hues bearing westward and
uniting within two hundred miles of the Missouri nver,
ice.
To which Mr. Craig, of Missouri, offered the
following amendment:
Strike out *'and proceeding thence up the valley of <aul
river to the vicinity of Foit Rilev,^ and, m lieu'thereof,
insert: '• and with a btaneh lrom some eijgdhc pomf on >aul
line, not ino>.> than riit\ mile.- we&t ol tiie Missouri river,
to the eirv ot St. Jo.«eph."}
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire io present
a question of order. On the adjournment of the
House yesterday, the time expired for which this
bill was made the special order, and then the bill,
with the amendments, went to the Speaker's
table. I predicate my point of order on the last
paragraph in Barclay's Digest, page 162, which
declares that, if a matter made a special order be
not taken up, or if taken up be left undisposed
of on the day fixed, thereafter it loses its spe-
cialty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is perfectly correct in saying that it loses its spe-
cialty; but that is not the ground on which the
'Chair proceeds. This is unfinished business; and
the rule declares that, in the morning, the unfin-
ished business of the preceding day shall be taken
up, not as a specialty, but as the ordinary busi-
ness before the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that the 5Gth rule be
read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" The consideration of the unfinished business in which
the House may bo rngaged at an adjournment shall be re-
sumed as soon as the Journal of the ii(7xt day is read, and
at the same time eacli day thereafter until disposed of: and
if, from any cause, other business shall intervene, it shall
be re-mned as soon as such other business- i* disposed of.
And the consideration of ail other unfinished business bhalJ
be resumed whenever the cia-* of business to which it be-
longs tehail be in order under the mles."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. But it is not to be
taken up after the expiration of the morning hour,
as I understand.
The SPEAKER. Not after the morning hour
expires, but during the morning hour. The Chair
overrules the point of order. It is very dear that
this is the regular business.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Has not the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it has not. At the
expiration of the morning hour, the special order
will take precedence.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then, when the
morning hour expires, I shall make the same
point of order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, callod for the yeas
and nays on Mr. Craig's amendment to the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 9o, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich Alley, Thomas L. Andeison, William C. Anderson,
Avery, H.ibbitt, Bingham, Blake, Bneg-*, Uuifiiiton, Bur-
linsaine, Burnett, Butterfield, Campbell, Cauer, Case,
John JJ. Clat k,Coburn, Clark B. Cochiane, John Cochrane,
Conkhna, Oovode, James Craig, John G. Davis, De Jar-
nette, Duel!, Edgerton, Eliot, illy, English, Faiii&wortli,
Ferry, Fouke, Gooeh, Graham, Grow, Hail, Ila?k n, Hei-
rmck, Iliekman, Hoard, William A. Howard, Humphrey,
Ilutchins, William Kellogg, Kilhnger, DeWitt O. I-each,
Leake, Lee, Logan, Charles D. Mai tin, McCleinand, Me-
Kenty, MeXnight, McPherson, Laban T. Mooie, Moor-
he;id, Edward Joy Monls, Niblack, Nixon, Noell. J'erry,
Pettit. Peyton. Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds,' Rigg*,
Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Boyce, Rutting
Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickle1?, Somes, Spauldmg, Spmner,
Stanton,, Steven-', William Stewait, Stout, Sti.itton,
Thayer,Thomas.Tram, Van Wvck, Wade, Wa'ldron, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Wells, Win-low, and Wright—9.>.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Barr. Banet, Bocock, Boieier,
]3rabj>on, Branch, Biayfon, BiMow, Butch, Bumham,
Colfax, Co\, Burton Ciaige, Ciutis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn,
Ethendgc, Fenton,Florence,G.nnett, Gilmer, Hale, Ham-
ilton, John T. HarrN, flatfon, Ifimhuan. Hohiidn, Jmne,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kenvon, K'onkel, 'Lanab<je, Long-
necker, Maelay,Mallory, Marston, Eibett S.Maitin, Mav-
naul, Mtllson, Montgomery, Motrin, Nelson, Phelps. Pot-
ter, Pryor, (luailes, Rico, Scott, Scranton. William N. 11.
Smith, Stok6^, Tappan, Tompkins, Tumble. Yandever
Walton, Webster, Wilf-on, Wood, and Wood&on—G*2.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called
said: I shall vote for all the amendments that may
he offered m the House, belie\mg that that is the
most effectual way to kill this bill. 1 therefore
vote " ay."
Mr. CIUARLES stated that Mr. Leach of
North Carolina was confined to his room by in-
disposition.
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called)
said: I have voted against this bill all along, but
it is manifest that it is going to pass by a very
decidcd majority and to become a law. i there-
fore desire to have it made as perfect as possible,
and lor that reason I will vote against extending
it any further, and against the proposition of my
