1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
Laios of the United, States.
36th Cong....2b
From Belfield,Greenville county, to Lawrence-
ville, Brunswick county.
From Kanawha C. EL, via Briarport, to Pey-
tona, Boone county.
From Mouth of Pooa, Putnam county, to Ran-
som's, on the Charleston and Ravenswood turn-
pike road.
From the mouth of Twenty Mile creek, Kan-
awha county, connecting: with G-auley Bridge and
Newton route; thence up Ball creek, to the head
of Pond Gap fork; thence with the county road
to the Morris fork of Biue creek; thence down
saitl fork to Main Blue creek; thence down said
Mam Blue creek to Mrs. Slack's; thence with
the county road to the gap above Campbell's
creek; thence up the Kanawha river to the Kan-
awha salines.
From Ritchie Court-house, via Thomas Goff's
and Jonathan Bisses's, in Ritchie county, and
George Fling's, in Gilmer county, to De Kalb,
Gilmer county.
From Richmond to West Point.
From West Point, by York river, to Norfolk.
From Coluck, King; William county, to Ur-
banna, Middlesex county.
From West Point to Urbanna.
From Cappahosic, Gloucester county, to Mat-
thew's Court-house.
From Big Lick, Roanoke county, to Harper's,
Franklin county.
[From] Brownstown (south side Kanawha
river) to the Falls of Kanawha, Fayette county.
From the Central Depot, on the Virginia and
Tennessee Railroad, to Touncary's Furnace,
Floyd county.
From Clmtonville to Falling Spring, Green
Brier county.
From Jane Lew, Lewis county, via Cookman's
Store and Johnstown, to Romainc's Mills, in
Harrison county.
From Big Lick, on the Virginia and Tennessee
railroad, in Roanoke county, via Cooper's and
Bonbrook, to Rocky Mount, Franklin county.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
From Scbcc to Sko-ko-mish.
From Now Dungenesse, via False Dungenesse,
via Neeah bay, to Capo Flattery.
From Ebey's Landing, via Perm's Cove, via
Oak Harbor, to McDonough's Island.
From Dalles, via Ciickitdt Valley, via Simcoe
and Okmikdine.
From Oakland to Grey's Harbor.
From Olympia, via Head of Totten's, Eld's,
and Hammersiy's Inlets, to Oakland.
From Oakland, via North Bay, to Sebec.
From Arkada to Steilacoom.
From Seattle, via Meridian Prairio, to Ranger's
Prairie.
From Seattle, via Salmon bay, to Point Elliott.
From Colvilie to Simifkaman.
From Colvilie to Pend d'Oreille Lake.
wisconsin.
From Pole Grove post office, Jackson county,
to South Bend post office, Trempeleau county.
From Sparta, Monroe county, via Big Creek
Ferry, Roaring Creek post office, in Jackson
county,and Durand,to Prescott,in Picrcc county.
From Wauzeka, Crawford county, to Viola
post office, Richland county.
From Rtchland Centre, Richland county, via
Rockbridge, East Henrietta, and Henrietta, to
Yuba.
From Towcrville, Crawford county, via Rising
Sun, thence west, crossing the Mississippi river,
and via La Fayette, in Aliemakee county, Iowa,
and Columbus, Milton,and Wakon, to Decorah,
*Iowa.
From Hudson, Saint Croix county, via Saint
Joseph, Boardman, Apple River Bridge, Cylon,
Erin Prairie, and Hammond, to Warren.
From Fountain City, Buffalo county, to Max-
ville, same county.
From Sumner, via Mondovi, Chippewa, Wau-
beck,Galla, and Tnmbelle, to Prescott, in Pierce
county.
From Waupaca, via Ogdensburg and Union,
to Shaw-wa-no.
From Mishicot, Manitowoc county, via Frank-
lin, Montpeher, Caseo,and Ahaupee,in Kewau-
nee county, Clay Banks, and White Fish Bay,
to Bailey's Harbor, Door county.
From Cascoto Dykesville, Kewaunee county.
From Cambria, m Columbia county, to Kings-
ton, Marquette county.
From Lake Mills, Jefferson county, via Mil-
ford and Aztalan, to Jefferson.
From Chippewa Falls, via Island Lake, to Su-
perior, Douglas county.
From Sexton ville, Richland county, via Ithaca,
Neptune, Loyd, Cazenovia,to Wanewoc, Jeneau
county.
From Green Bay,viaSuamico, to Little Suam-
1c0.
From Edgerton, via Albion, Busseyville, to
Fort Atkinson.
From Fond du Lac, via Foster and Wacousta,
to Cascade, in Sheboygan county.
cherokee nation.
From Little Verdigris to Lenark Falls.
choctaw nation.
From Fort Washita, in the Choctaw Nation,
via Burney Academy, to Gainesville, Cook coun-
ty, Texas.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General shall be and he is hereby author-
ized to procure and furnish letter sheets with
postage stamps impressed thereon, (combining in
one both a sheet and envelope,) and to adopt such
other improvements as may be deemed advisable,
from time to time, in connection with postage
stamps or stamped envelopes for letters or news-
papers, subject to the provision that such stamps
or envelopes shall be sold at the cost of procuring
and furnishing the same as near as may be, an<3
to all other provisions of the eighth section of an
act of Congress entitled "An act to establish cer-
tain post roads and for other purposes," approved
August thirty-first, eighteen hundred ana fifty-
two.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That the pen-
alty of fifty dollars, provided by section eighth
of an act of Congress"entitled " An act to estab-
lish certain post roads and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, shall apply as well to the using of a stamp
cut from a stamped letter or newspaper envelope
as to the reuse of the envelope entire.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the fourth
section of the act of Congress approved fifth Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, entitled
" An act making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five," be and the same is hereby con-
tinued from the fifth day of August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-ciffht, to the fifth of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the joint
resolution of Congress of eighteenth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, which provides
that there shall he 44 one principal messenger in
each of the bureaus of the several Executive De-
partments, at an annual salary of eight hundred
and forty dollars each," shall be understood to
embrace within its true scope and meaning the
offices of the three Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, entitling each to a messenger at an annual
salary of eight hundred and forty dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That letters
which have been advertised under existing laws
(vide section twenty-six, act of March three,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and section
fiv^, act of March three, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one) shall be returned to the Post Office De-
i partment as dead letters if unclaimed two months
! after the date of advertisement: Provided, [That]
j letters at seaports intended for persons on board
| of certain designated vessels expected to arrive,
ij and letters specially marked to be retained a longer
|j period, shall be excepted from the operation of
jj this act: And provided further, That said letters
shall be returned under regulations to be pre-
scribed by the Postmaster General.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the un-
claimed money from dead letters, now appro-
priated to the use of the Department, under sec-
tion twenty-six, act of March three, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, may be exclusively
applied in future to promote the efficiency of the
dead letter office, by providing for a more careful
examination of letters, and the return of a larger
number to the writers (whether with or without
valuable inclosures:) Provided, [That] said officer
shall make a detailed report of his proceedings to
Congress during the next session thereof.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That upon all
letters returned from the dead letter office there
shall be charged the usual rates of postage, to be
collected on delivery, and accounted for by post-
masters in the same manner as other postages.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That every
letter or packet brought into the United States, or
carried from one port therein to another in any
private ship or vessel, shall be charged with five
cents, if delivered at the post office'where the
same shall arrive; and if destined to be conveyed
by post to any place, with two cents added to the
ordinary rates of postage: Provided, That upon
all letters or packets conveyed in whole or in part
by steamers or steamships over any route upon
which, or between ports or places between which,
the mail is regularly conveyed in other vessels
under contract with the Post Office Department,
the same charge shall be levied, with the addition
of two cents a letter or packet, as would have
been levied if such letter or packet had been trans-
mitted regularly through the mail.
Sec. 10. Andbeit further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of the preceding section of this act be, find the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for persons known as regular dealers in
newspapers and periodicals to receive by mail
such quantities of either as they may require, and
to pay the postage thereon, as they may be re-
ceived, at the same rates as regular subscribers to
such publications: Provided, That the Postmas-
ter General be authorized to establish a daily or
semi-daily delivery of letters and newspapers by
carriers, throughout a circuit of nine miles from
the City Hall, in the city of New York, under
the supervision of the postmaster of New York,
whenever, in his judgment, the revenue from
such service shall defray the expense thereof.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That maps,
engravings, lithographs, or photographic prints,
on rollers or in paper covers; books, bound or
unbound, phonographic paper, and letter envel-
opes, shall be deemed mailable matter, and charged
with postage by the weight of the package, not
in any case to exceed four pounds, at the rate of
one cent an ounce, or fraction of an ounce, to any
place in the United States under fifteen hundred
miles, and at the rate of two cents an ounce, or
fraction of an ounce, over fifteen hundred miles,
to be prepaid by postage stamps.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That cards,
blank or printed, blanks in packages weighing at
least eight ounces, and seeds or cuttings, in pack-
ages not exceeding eight ounces in weight, shall
also be deemed mailable matter, and charged with
postage at the rate of one cent an ounce, or frac-
tion of an ounce, to any place in the United States
under fifteen hundred miles, and at the rate of two
cents an ounce, or fraction of an ounce, over fif-
teen hundred miles, to be prepaid by postage
stamps.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the act
of third of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
entitled " An act further to amend the actentitled
i An act to reduce and modify the rates of post-
age in the United States, and for otherpurposes,'"
passed March third, eighteen hundred and fifty*
one, be, and the same is hereby, so modified as
to require the ten cent rate of postage to be pre-
paid on letters conveyed in the mail from any
point in the United States east of the Rocky
Mountains, to any State or Territory on the Pa-
cific, and from any State or Territory on the Pa-
cific to any point in the United States oast of the
Rocky Mountains. And all drop letters shall be
prepaid by postage stamps.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized and di-
rected to advertise for proposals for the daily
transportation of the entire mail overland, between
Saint Joseph, Missouri, or some other point on
the Missouri river, connected by railroad with the
East, which may be selected by the contractor,
and Placerville, California, over the central route,
the bids to be received till the first Monday of
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and the
service to commence July first, eighteen hundred
