1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ancc to the Union, the Constitution, and laws: what is to
be done? There can be but one possible answer. The
power, the authority, and the dignity of the Government
ought to he maintained, and resistance put down at all
hazmd. The duty of executing the laws and suppressing
insuriections is without limitation or qualification; it is
coextensive with the jurisdiction of the United States.
No human government can exist without the power of ap-
plying force, and the actual application of it in extreme
eases. My belief is, that if it should be applied to South
Carolina, m the event of her secession, she would be
speedily reduced to obedience, and the Union, instead of
being weakened, would acquire additional strength."
It was the same illustrious man who said, in
the Senate, in ]850:
"Now,Mr. President,I stand here in my place,meaning
to be umiw^d by any thieais, whether they come fiom in-
dividuals or from States, i should deplore as much as any
man, living or dead, that arms should be raised against the
authouty of the Union, either by individuals or by states.
But, alter all that has occurred, if any one State, or a por-
tion of the people of any one State, choose to place them-
selves in military ariay against the Government of the
Union, i am for trying the strength of the Government. I
am for ascertaining whether we havf a government or
not—practical, efficient, capable of maintaining its au-
thority, and of upholding the powers and interests which
belong to a government. Nor, sir, am I to be alarmed or
dissuaded from any such course by intimations of the spill-
nig of blood. It blood is to be spilt, by whoso fault is it?
Upon the supposition, I maintain it will be the fault of
those who choose to raise the srandaidof disunion, and en-
deavor to pi ostrate this Government; and, sit, when that
is done, so long as it pleases God to give me a voice to ex-
piess my sentiments, or an arm, weak and enfeebled as
it may be by age, that voice and that aim will be on the
side of my counts y, lor the support of the general authority,
and for maintenance of the powers of this Union."
I care not what term may be applied to the
preservation of the Union and the enforcement of
the laws, if to do this means " coercion," then
I am for coercion. I take all the responsibility
of saying here in my place, as a representative of
the people, all the responsibility that attaches to
the sentiment: that the laws should be enforced,
by sea and by land, with all the power necessary
to enforce them, and that loyal citizens should be
sustained and protected everywhere. Can we do
less? In all these seceding States there are men
true to their allegiance to the General Govern-
ment. Revolution, for the moment, has rolled
over them, and an armed force has silenced the
voice of patriotism. Presently, when despotism
—the despotism of a mob; the worst on God's
footstool—becomes insufferable, they will cry to
us for help. Shall we leave them to perish ? They
have rendered allegiance to the Union; and, by
every tie of sacred duty, honor, and humanity,
we are bound to render them protection. Jimj
other course would sink the Government to perdition.
Shall we stand idly by when our faithful custom-
house officers, postmasters, pilots, and other offi-
cers are arrested, thrown into prison, or made to
suffer pains and penalties fortheTionest discharge
of sworn duties ? Shall we refuse to protectadopted
citizens who, having renounced allegiance to for-
eign potentates and sovereigns, have taken an
oath of fealty to our Government ? Allegiance
entitles them to protection. Shall this Govern-
ment,which but lately extended its scepter across
the seas, to shelter here and there a humble man
from the armed might of France, or the crowned
majesty of Austria, when he invoked its aid by
the cry," I am an American citizen!" on its own
soil—shall its ear be deaf to the chorus of its
children's cries, its arm shortened,and impotent
to aid? SureJy the nation that refuses is faithless
to its trust. If it refuses to protect its loyal citi-
zens from persecution, confiscation, and death,
it does not deserve the name of government.
If the Executive had promptly used hisauthor-
ity to check disobedience in the present instance,
this rebellion, which has now assumed formida-
ble proportions, .would have been checked or ad-
justed before the present moment. Tins history
will record. That it was notdone, is now a world-
wide regret.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, all the complaints
of all the sections can be adjusted within the Union
without the sacrifice of any piinciple of essential
importance to the welfare of the country, and
without the terrible alternative of civil war. I
am unwilling to believe that, in this stage of the
world's progress, the differences of opinion be-
tween sections of our enlightened nation cannot
be arranged without an appeal to arms. I trust
they can be; and shall continue to labor to that
end until all hope departs. While advocating
the necessity of rebuking treason with the voice
of authority, I am in favor of reassuring loyalty
with such conciliation as would be right and proper
under existing circumstances.
For the sake of Maryland, still true, though be-
tween the upper and the nether millstone; for gal-
lant old Kentucky, with the stars and stripes flying
at every cross-road*, for Tennessee, with the roar
of her grand majority for the Union thundering in
the ears of secession-, and even for Georgia, with
almost half her convention wrestling for the Union;
and Alabama, now lifting her voice in indignant
protest against theerror of her sons. These States,
and others, amid the besetmcnts of disaffection,
display a love for the Union that entitles them to
sympathy and honor; and for their sakes we
should be willing to make such an adjustment as
can be made without the abandonment of princi-
ple. In this spirit I shall proceed to the consider-
ation of such propositions as have been submitted
to the House.
\ come now to speak briefly of the prominent
difficulty in the way of adjustment, and that is
the territorial question. The South demand what
they are pleased to term protection to slave prop-
erty in the Territories ofthe United States, aswell
as m all territory hereafter to be acquired. The
freemen of the North consider it of vital import-
ance to prevent the extension of slavery over
teiritory now free. And they cannot believe that
the extension, protection, and perpetuation of
African slavery would be beneficent to the country
or advance the civilization of the people. Much
less will they consent to change the Constitution
ofthe United States so that slavery shall predom-
inate over freedom. On this point it seems to be
the settled conviction of the country that we had
better leave the Constitution as it is. Prominent
among measures for the adjustment of our pres-
ent difficulties stands the Crittenden compromise.
More fortunate in its baptism than its conception,
this defective measure bears a faultless title. The
name of one held in affectionate regard, and whom
the people delight to honor, introduces it auspi-
ciously to the consideration of that people; and
the lessons of the revered who are no more—a
Webster of the North and a Clay of the South—
have taught the people to respect a compromise.
But, Mr. Speaker, paradoxical as it may sound,
the Crittenden compromise is not a compromise,
and it does not embody the views of Mr. Crit-
tenden. Looking further, I find a third objec-
tion in the fact that it does not represent the senti-
ments of the people; and these three objections I
shall treat in a group before proceeding to others
of a graver character.
I am bold to say that the resolutions do not
express the sentiments of the people, North or
South, because, in another and less objectionable
form, and under another name, the prominent
idea which they embody was presented to the peo-
ple for their sanction, and rejected by an over-
whelming majority. It was first offered under
the name of the " Breckinridge platform," to a
convention of that party most favorable to slavery
extension and protection, at Charleston, and re-
jected by a majority of that convention. It was
again brought before a Democratic conventionat
Baltimore, and again rejected. Let us bear in
mind that the rejection of this platform carried
with it the inevitable destruction of a powerful
party, long subservient to slavery, and one which
has never looked upon defeat, with loss of place
and spoils, with any degree of complacency, in
order to form a just estimate of the consequences
of that rejection. But the undaunted friends of
the measure, separating from the frowning ma-
jority of their party, forming afragmentary con-
vention, and embodying their principles in the
nomination of John C. Breckinridge, placed it be-
fore the people. That people, in one of the most
severe political campaigns this country has ever
witnessed, with the threat of secession placed di-
rccly before them, overwhelmed it with popular
condemnation by a majority of almost three mil-
lion votes; 1,857,610 Republicans denounced it
by voting for Abraham Lincoln; 1,362,976 Dem-
ocrats rejected it when they gave their suffrages
for Stephen A. Douglas; and 590,631 Americans
condemned it when, raising the battle-cry of" the
Union and the Constitution," they struck at the
foes who would dissolve the one, or tamper with
the other.
Vngmia, who had always voted for a Demo-
cratic President—Virginia rallied her patriotic
sons, and expressed her loyalty to the Constitu-'
tion as it is; andKentucky, the home of the ven-
erable Senator, rebuked this monstrous .claim to
establish a despotism on the free soil of America.
This sentiment, then, of ihe Breckinridge plat-
form, repugnant to the American people; rejected
by twenty-two States; trampled in the dustof de-
feat at a popular election, is carefully d isentombed
from the overwhelming majorities beneath which
it was crushed. Its shapeless remains are com-
posed to new and decent form in the Crittenden
resolutions, and its faithful friends and devoted
mourners demand for it an apotheosis in the Con-
stitution. That which the people have solemnly
pronounced unworthy of support, even in the
ephemeral form of a political platform, it is now
gravely proposed to incorporate in the Constitu-
tion, where you and I may no longer vote upon
and reject it, but must swear fealty to and support!
where rising generations, with the generous en-
thusiasm of youth for the institutions of their
beloved land, must do it reverence; where your
sons, and mine, must bring the loyalty we have
taught them, and abase it to uphold the wrong.
And this is called a compromise! A compro-
mise is where conflicting parties relinquish, each
the extreme of its position, to meet the other
upon middle ground. Here the extreme views of
extreme pro-slavery men are advocated—slavery
in the Territories to be protected by Covigress/ this
right of protection to be inserted in the Constitu-
tion; this amendment of the Constitution to be
secure from future alteration; and the whole to
apply, not only to our present possessions, but
ail which wc may hereafter acquire! It is all
here! Notonejotortitilcabated. The old enemy,
with which we have wrestled for years, is pre-
sented to us in all his unshorn proportions, under
the seductive cognomen of compromise! Enter-
tain him, and we are compromised indeed! Is
there anything more that has been, or will be,
asked of us ? If so, let it, by all means, be incor-
porated in the "resolutions."
I have shown that the resolutions do not ex-
press the views of the people; and I have said
that they do not represent the Senator's own. If
Mr. Crittenden had ever entertained them, we
should have fountLhim too just and too generous
an adversary ever to have presented! them to us
as a compromise. It is because they are not his
own views or wishes that he offers and advocates
them, feeling a self-abnegating zeal in sacrificing
on the altar of peace the convictions of his own
statesman-like mind, and the desires of his own
heart. His whole career—every act of his public
life—bears witness that the resolutions are repug-
nant to the Senator himself. That cateer, that life,
have won for him the confidence of the people,
and impart a prestige to these resolutions which
their merits cannot claim. His reputation gilds
them with a luster not their own.
But, Mr. Speaker, I summon a statesman from
Kentucky, nowsiicnt, butpotential,to antagonize
the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky;
who dead, has more power than the living; whose
voice, always raised to save his countrymen from
dishonor, uttered these celebrated words:
"And now, sir, coming fiom a slave State, as f do, fowe
it to myself, I owe it to truth, I owe it to the subject, to
say that no eaithly power could induce me to vote for a
specific measure toi the introduction of slavery where it
had not befoie existed, either south oi north of that line.
Coming, as I do, from a slave State, it is my solemn, de-
liberate, and well-matured determination, that no power—
no eaithly power—shall compel me to vote for the positive
introduction of slavery eithei south or noith of that line.,>
In my secoml group of objections, I would urge
that this measuie is: first, despotic; second, ag-
gressive, and third, destructive of the Constitu-
tion itself.
Despotic, in the proposed subversion of the pre-
rogatives of thepeopic; aggressive, in assuming
I to legislate for countries now under the control
of other governments; and destructive of the Con-
stitution itself, in the blow struck at the equality
of rights guarantied by that instrument.
It is proposed that " in all the territory of the
United States now held, or hereafter acquired,"
south of 36° 30' /'African slavery is hereby recog-
nized as existing, and shall not be interfered with
| by Congress, but shall be protected as property by
I all the departments of the territorial government
1 during its continuance." It is to be u recognized
j as existing," whether in fact it shall exist or not.
| The people of the Territories may be averse to it;
i but they shall be without a remedy. The people
