18R1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
of said Territory, and shall take care that the laws
be faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. •find be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserve all
the laws and proceedings of the Legislative As-
sembly hereinafter constituted, and all the acts
and proceedings of the Governor in his executive
department; he shall transmit one copy of the
laws and one copy of the executive proceedings,
on or before the first day of December in each
yeijr, to the President of the United States, and,
at the same time, two copics of the laws to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives and the
President of the Senate for the use of Congress.
And m case of the death, removal, or resigna-
tion, or other necessary absence of the Governor
from the Territory, the sccfetary shall have, and
he is hereby authorized and required to execute
and perform all the powers and duties of the Gov-
ernor during such vacancy or necessary absence,
or until another Governor shall be duly appointed
to fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. Andbe itfurther enactcd,That the legisla-
tive powerand authority of said Territory shall be
vested in the Governor and aLegislati vc Assem bly.
The Legislative Assembly shall consist of a council
and house of representatives. The council shall
consist of nine members, which may be increased
to thirteen, having the qualifications of voters as
hereinafter prescribed, whose term of service shall
continue two years. The house of representa-
tives shall consist of thirteen members, which may
be increased to twenty-six, possessing the same
qualifications as prescribed for members of the
council, and whose term of service shall continue
one year. An apportionment shall be made, as
nearly equal as practicable, among the several
counties or districts, for the elcotion of the council
and house of representatives, giving to each sec-
tion of the Territory representation in the ratio of
its population (Indians excepted) as nearly as may
be; and the members of the council and of the
house of representatives shall reside in, and be
inhabitants of, the district for which they may be
elected, respectively. Previous to the first elec-
tion the Governor shall cause a census or enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the several counties and
districts of the Territory to be taken; and the first
election shall be held at such time and places and
be conducted in such maimer as the Governor
shall appoint and direct; and he shall, at the same
time, declare the number of the members of the
council and house of representatives to which each
of the counties or districts shall be entitled under
this act. The number of persons authorized to
be elected, having the highest number of votes in
each of said council districts for members of the
council, shall be declared by the Governor to be
duly elected to the council; and the person or per-
sons authorized to be elected having the greatest
number of votes for the house of representatives,
equal ta the number to which each county or dis-
tiict shall be entitled, shall be declared by the
Governor to be elected members of the house of
representatives: 1'rovided, That in case of a tie
between two or more persons voted for, the Gov-
ernor shall order a new election to supply the va-
cancy made by such tie. And the persons thus
elected to the Legislative Assembly shall meet at
such place and on such day as the Governor shall
appoint; but thereafter the time, place, and man-
ner of holding and conducting all elections by the
people, and the apportioning the representation in
the several counties or districts to the council and
house of representatives, according to the popu-
lation, shall be prescribed by law, as well as the
day of the commencement of the regular sessions
of the Legislative Assembly: Piocided, That no
one session shall exceed the term of forty days,
except the first, which may be extended to sixty
days, but no longer.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every
free white male citizen of the United States above
the age of twenty-one years, who shall have been
a resident of said Territory at the time of the pas-
sage of this act, including those recognized as cit-
izens by the treaty with the Republic of Mexico,
concluded February two, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, and the treaty negotiated with the
same country on the thirteenth day of December,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, shall be entitled
to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to
any office within the said Territory; but the qual-
ifications of voters and of holding office at all sub-
sequent elections shall be such as shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power of the Territory shall extend to
all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the Constitution of the United States and the pro-
visions of the act; but no law shall be passed in-
terfering with the primary disposal of the soil;
no tax shall bo imposed upon the property of the
United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents; nor shall
any law be passed impairing the rights of private
property; nor shall any discrimination be made
in taxing differentkinds of property; but all prop-
erty subject to taxation shall be in proportion to
the value of the property taxed.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tlu\t all town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein
otherwise provided for, shall be appointed or
elected, as the case may be, in such manner as
shall be provided by the Governor and Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory. The Governor
shall nominate and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Legislative council, appoint all
officers not herein otherwise provided for; and in
the first instance the Governor alone may appoint
all said officers, who shall hold their offices until
the end of the first session of the Legislative As-
sembly, and shall lay off the necessary districts
for members of the council and house of repre-
sentatives, and all other officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be
appointed to any office which shall have been cre-
ated, or the salary or emoluments of which shall
have been increased, while he was a member,
during the term for which he was clected,and for
onc year after the expiration of such term; and
no person holding a commission or appointment
under the United States, except postmasters, shall
be a member of the Legislative Assembly,orshall
hold any office under the government of said Ter-
ritory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested m
a supreme court, district courts, probate courts,
and injustices of the peace. The supreme court
shall consist of a chief justice and two associate
justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quo-
rum, and who shall hold a term at the seat of
government of said Territory annually; and they
shall hold their offices during the period of four
years. The said Territory shall be divided into
three judicial districts, and a district court shall
be held in each of said districts by one of the jus-
tices of the supreme court at such time and place
as may be prescribed by law; and the said judges
shall, after their appointments, respectively, re-
side in the districts which shall be assigned them.
The jurisdiction of the several courts herein pro-
vided for, both appellate and original, and that of
the probate courts and of the justices of the peace,
shall bo as limited by law: Provided, That jus-
tices of the peace and probate courts shall not
have jurisdiction of any matter in controversy
when the title or boundaries of land may be in
dispute, or where the debt or sum claimed shall
exceed one hundred dollars; and the said supreme
and district courts, respectively, shall possess
chancery as well as common law jurisdiction;
and authority for redress of all wrongs commit-
ted against the Constitution or laws of the United
States, or of the Territory, affecting persons or
property. Each district court or the judge there-
of shall appoint its clerk, who shall also be the
register in chancery, and shall keep his office at
the place where the court may be held. Writs
of error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be
allowed in all cases from the final decisions of
said distiict courts to the supreme court, under
such regulations as may be pic-scribed by law;
but in no case removed to the supreme couit shall
trial by jury be allowed m said court. The su-
piemc couit, or the justices thereof, shall appoint
its own clerk; and every cleric shall hold his office
at the pleasure of the court for which he shall
have been appointed. Writs of error and appeals
from the final decisions of said supreme court
shall be allowed,and maybe taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the same manner
and under the same regulations as from the cir-
cuit courts of the United States, where the value
of the property or the amount in controversy, to
be ascertained by the oath or affirmation of either
party, or other competent -witness, shall exceed
one thousand dollars; and each of the said dis-
trict courts shall have and exercise the same juris-
diction, in all cases arising under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, as is vested in the
circuit and district courts of the United States;
and the said supreme and district courts of the
said Territory, and the respective judges thereof,
shall and may grant writs of habeas corpus in all
cases in which the same are grantable by the
judges of the United States in the District of Co-
lumbia; and the first six days of every term of
said courts, or so much thereof as shall_be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws, and
writs of error and appeals in all such cases shall
bo made to the supreme court of said Territory
the same as in other cases. The said clerk shall
receive in all such cases the same fees which the
clerks of the district courts of Oregon Territory
received for similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That there
shall bcappointcd an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, unless
sooner removed by the President, and who shall
receive the same fees and salary as the attorney
of the United States for the late Territory of Ore-
gon. There shall also be a marshal for the Ter-
ritory appointed, who shall hold his office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President,
and who shall execute all processes issuing from
the said courts when exercising their jurisdiction
as circuit and district courts of the United States;
lie shall perform the duties, be subject to the same
regulations and penalties, and be entitled to the
same fees as the marshal of the district court of
the United States for the late Territory of Oregon,
and shall,in addition,be paid two hundred dollars
annually as a compensation for extra services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
Governor, secretary, chief justice and associate
justices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nomin-
ated and, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, appointed by the President of the
United States. The Governor and secretary to
be appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act
as such, respectively take an oath or affirmation
before the district judge or some justice of the
peace in the limits of said Territory duly author-
ized to administer oaths and affirmations by the
laws now in force therein, or before the Chief J us-
ticeor some associate justieeof the Supreme Court
of the United States, to support the Constitution
of the United States, and faithfully to discharge
the duties of their respective offices, which said
oaths, when so taken, shall be certified by the
person by whom the same shall have been taken;
andsuchcertificatesshall bereceivedand recoidcd
by the secretary among the executive proceedings;
and the chief justice and associate justices, «\nd
all other civil officers in said Territory, before
they act as such, shall take a like oath or affirm-
ation before the said Governor or secretary, or
some judge or justice of the, peace of the Territory
who may be duly commissioned and qualified,
which said oath or affirmation shall be certified
and transmitted by the person taking the same to
the secretary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid;
and afterwards the like oath or affirmation shall
be taken, certified, and recorded in such manner
and form as may be prescribed by law. The Gov-
ernor shall receive an annual salary of fifteen hun-
dred dollars as Governor, and one thousand dol-
lars as superintendent of Indian affairs; the chief
justice and associate justices shall each receive an
annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars; the
secretary shall receive an annual salary of eigh-
teen hundred dollars. The said salaries shall be
paid quarter-yearly at the Treasury of the United
States. The members of the Legislative Assem-
bly shall be entitled to receive three dollars each
