328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28.,
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
per day during their attendance at the session
thereof, and three dollars for every twenty miles
travel in going to and returning from the said ses-
sions, estimated according to the nearest usually
traveled route. There shall be appropriated an-
nually the sum of one thousand dollars, to be
expended by the Governor to defray the contin-
fonl expenses of the Territory. There shall also
e appropriated annually a sufficient sum, to be
expended by the secretary of the Territory, and
upon an estimate to be made by the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States, to defray the
expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the print-
ing of the laws, and other incidental expenses;
and the secretary of the Territory shall annually
account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States for the manner m which the afore-
said sum shall have been expended.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly of theTerritory of Colorado
shall hold its. first session at such time and place
in said Territory as the Governor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said first session, or as
soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
Governor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed
to locate and establish the scat of government for
said Territory at such place as they may deem
eligible; which place, however, shall thereafter be
subject to be changed by the said Governor and
Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That a Del-
egate to the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, to serve during each Congress of the
United States, may be elected by the voters qual-
ified to clect members of the Legislative Assem-
bly, who shall be entitled to the fjamc rights and
Bnvileges as are exercised and enjoyed by the
"elegales from the several otherTerritories of the
United States to the said House of Representa-
tives. The first election shall be held at such time
and places and be conducted in such manner as
the Governor shall appoint and direct, and at all
subsequent elections th« times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections shad be prescribed by law.
The person having the greatest number of votes
shall be declared by tiie Governor to be duly elected,
and a certificate thereof shall be given accord-
ingly.
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That when
the land in the said Territory shall be surveyed,
under the direction of [fhej Government of the
United Stales, prepmatory to bringing the same
.intomarket,sectionsnumberedsixteen and thirty-
six in each township in said Territory shall be,
and the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose
of being applied to schools in the States hereafter
to be erected out of the same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That tempo-
rarily and until otherwise provided by law, the
Governor of said Territory may define thejudicial
districts of said Territory, and assign the judges
who may be appointed for said Territory to the
several districts, and also appoint the times and
places for holding courts in the several counties
or subdivisions in each of said judicial districts by
proclamation to be issued by him; but the Legis-
lative Assembly at their first or any subsequent
session may organize, alter, or modify such judi-
cial districts, and assign the judges, and alter the
times and places of holding the courts, as to them
shall seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That theOon-
stitution and all laws of the United States which
are not locally inapplicable shall have the same
force and effect within the said Territory of Col-
orado as elsewhere within the United States.
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall be, arid he
is hereby authorized to appoint a surveyor gen-
eral for Colorado, who shall locate his office at
such place as the Secretary of the Interior shall
from time to time direct, and whose duties, powers,
obligations, responsibilities, compensation, and
allowances for clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and in-
cidental expenses, shall be the same as those of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, and such
instructions as he may from time to time deem it
advisable to give him.
Approved, February 28, 1861.
Chap. LX.—An Act to amend an act supple-
mentary to an act approved March third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, to organize an In-
stitution for the Insane of the Army and Navy
and of the District of Columbia in the said Dis-
trict, approved February the seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hoxise of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, as a substitute for the second
section of the supplementary act aforesaid, which
is hereby repealed, the Secretary of the Interior
shall have power to grant his order for the admis-
sion into the Government Hospital for the Insane
of any insane person not charged with a breach
of the peace, upon (V) the certificate of any judge
of the circuit or criminal court for the District of
Columbia, or of any justice of the peace of the
District, stating that two respectable physicians,
resident of the District, appeared before said judge
or justice, and certified under oath and under their
hands, that they knew the person alleged to be
insane, and that, from personal examination, they
believed Rim or her to be insane and a fit subject
for treatment in said hospital, and that he or she
was a resident of the District at the time he or she
was seized with the mental disorder under which
he or she then labored; also stating that iwo re-
spectable householders, residents of the District,
appeared before him, the said judge or justice,
and certified under oath and under their hands
that they knew the person alleged to be insane,
and that, from a personal examination into his or
her affairs, they believe him or her to be unable
to support himself or herself and family, (or him-
self or herself, if he or she have no family,) under
the visitation of insanity, and to pay his or her
board and othercxpenses in said hospital, and the
certificate under oath of such physicians and of
such householders shall accompany the certificate
of such judge or justice; and (2) upon an appli-
cation requesting'that such order may be issued,
made in writing, within five days after the date
of the affidavits aforesaid, by a member of the
board of visitors of said hospital, upon an inspec-
tion of said affidavits and certificate thereto, and
it will be the duty of said visitor to withhold his
application if he has reason to doubt theindigence
of the party in whoso behalf the application is
desired, till such doubt is removed by testimony
satisfactory to said visitor.
Sec.3. And be it further enacted, That, ifit shall
appear in the case of any insane person whose
insanity commenced while he or she was a resi-
dent of the District of Columbia that he or she is
able to defray a portion, but not the whole, of the
expenses of his or her support and treatment in
the Government Hospital for the Insane, then the
board of visitors of the said hospital is authorized
to inquire into the facts of the case; and if it shall
appear to said board, upon such inquiry, that such
insane person has property and no family,or more
property than is required for the support of his
or her family, then, as a condition upon which
such insane person, admitted or to be admitted
upon the order of the Secretary of the Interior,
shall receive or continue to receive the benefits of
said hospital, there shall be paid to the superin-
tendent from the income, property, or estate of
such insane person, such portion of his expenses
in said hospital as a majority of the said board
shall determine to be just and reasonable, under
all the circumstances.
Appro\ed, February 28, 1861.
Chap. LXI.—An Act in relation to the Postal
Service.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever, in the opinion of the
Postmaster General, the postal service cannot be
safely continued, or the Post Office revenues col-
lected, or the postal laws maintained, on any post
route, by reason of any cause whatsoever, the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized to dis-
continue the postal service on' such route, or any
part thereof, and any post offices thereon, till the
same can be safely restored, and shall report his
action to Congiess.
Appkoved, Febiuary 28, 1861.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Treasury Notes, to author-
ize a Loan, to regulate and fix the Duties on
Imports, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bxj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, authorized,at anytime within
twelve months from the passage of this act, to
borrow, on the credit of the United States, a sum
not exceeding ten millions of dollars, or so much
thereof as, in his opinion, the exigencies of the
public service may require, to be applied to the
payment of appropriations made by law, and-th5
balance of Treasury notes now outstanding, and
no other purposes, in addition to the money re-
ceived, or which may be received, into the Treas-
ury from other sources: Provided, That no stip-
ulation or contract sfrall be made to prevent the
United States from reimbursing any sum bor-
rowed under the authority of this act at any time
after the expiration of ten years from the first day
of July next, by the United States giving three
months'notice, to be published in some newspa-
per published at the seat of Government, of their
readiness to do so; and no contract shall be made
to prevent the redemption of the same at any time
after the expiration of twenty years from the said
first day of July next, without notice.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That stock
shall be issued for the amount so boirowed, bear-
ing interest not exceeding six per centum per an-
num, and the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
is hereby, authorized, with the consent of the
President, to cause certificates of stock to be
prepared, which shall be signed by the Register
and sealed with the seal of the Treasury Depart-
ment, for the amount so borrowed, in favor of
the parties lending the same, or their assigns,
which certificates may be transferred on the books
of the Treasury, under such regulations as may
be established by the Secretary of the Treasury;
Provided, That no certificate shall be issued for a
less sum than one thousand dollars: And provided,
also, That, whenever required, the Secretary of
the Treasury may cause coupons of semi-annual
interest payable thereon to be attached to certifi-
cates issued under this act; and any certificate
with such coupons of interest attached may be
assigned and transferred by delivery of the same,
instead of being transferred on the books of the
Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, before
awarding any of said loan, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, as the exigencies of the public
service require, cause to be inserted in two of the
public newspapers of the city of Washington,
and in one or more public newspapers m other
cities o£ the United States, public notice that
sealed proposals for so much of said loan as is
required, will be received until a certain day, to
be specified in such notice, not less than thirty
days from its first insertion in a Washington news-
paper; and such notice shall state the amount of
the loan, at what periods the money shall be paid,
if by installments, and at what places. Such
sealed proposals shall be opened, on the day ap-
pointed in the notice, in the presence of such per-
sons as may choose to attend, and the proposals
decided on by the Secretary of the Treasury, wl o
shall accept the most favorable offered by respon-
sible bidders for said stock. And the said Secre-
tary shall report to Congress, at the commence-
ment of the next session, the amount of money
borrowed under this act, and of whom and on
what terms it shall have been obtained, with an
abstractor biief statement of all the proposals
submitted for the same, distinguished between
those accepted and those rejected, with a detailed
statement of the expense of making such loans:
Provided, That no stock shall be disposed of at
less than its par value: And provided further,
That no part of the loan hereby authorized shall
be applied to the service of the present fiscal year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case
the proposals made for said loan, or for so much
thereof as the exigencies of the public service
shall require, shall not be satisfactory, the Pres-
ident of the United States shall be, and hereby
is, authorized to decline to accept such offer if for
less than the par value of the bonds constituting
