✓
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
"rt
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1861.
New Series No. 58.
feel at liberty to call the previous question on the
special order. My colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] who
has the control of the question, is absent on ac-
count of the death of a distinguished citizen of
Ohio.
Mr. PHELPS. To-morrow the gentleman
from Ohio can get up the Post Office appropria-
tion bill. It is not objection day in the Committee
of the Whole. House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN, A dozen objections will be
made to taking up public business on private bill
day. I insist on my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand tellers on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bprch and
Lovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-eight.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of accom-
modating gentleman on all sides I withdraw my
motion; and I now move that the further consid-
eration of the special order be postponed until
Saturday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that; we wantthe
private bill days for the Private Calendar. We
have not once this session had the Private Calen-
dar under consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. To-morrow is discussion day in
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and nothing will be accomplished.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It ought to be made objection
day.
Mr. FLORENCE. It ought to be made ob-
jection day. I agree with the gentleman from
Illinois. We have not done any business on the
Private Calendar this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. [ demand tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lovejoy
and Heljiick were appointed.
The question was taken; and the previous ques-
tion v/as not seconded, the tellers having reported
—ayes forty-three; noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not the question debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to debate the question.
Mr. SICKLES. I take it that the whole merits
of tile question are now open to debate.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist that
only the question of postponement is debatable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
confine the debate to its proper limits.
DEFENSE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to make
a privileged report. I will occupy, only five
minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will yield for the reception
of the report.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I submit, from
the special committee of five, the following report
in part.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Ti)3 select committee of five, appointed by the House
on the 9th of January. 1861, respecUully bubnut tlie follow-
in;r import in pait.
On the. 26th of Januaiv, the following resolution was
reteired to -aid committee .
" Resolved, That the select committee of five bo in-
structed to inquire whether any secret organization, hos-
tile to the Government ot the United tftate^, exists in the
District of Columbia: and if so, whether any official 01
employe of the- city of Washington, or any employes or
officers of the Federal Government, in the executive or
judicial depaitment*. are members thereof."
The committee entered upon the investigation under a
deep seii! e of the importance and the intrinsic difficulty of
the inquiry. To piove the existence of a secret organiza-
tion. having for its object the resistance to, and overtinow
oi, the Government, would, m the very natiuc of the case,
b > a difficult ta^k. if ^uch an organization really existed.
On the other hand, in a time or' high excitement, conse-
quent upon revolutionary events umpiring ai! aiound u*.,
the very air lilted with lumors, and individual's indulging
in the most extravagant expiessions of tears and threats, it
might well be thought difficult to elicit such clear pioot as
would enable tin* committee to pronounce authoritatively
<58
that no such organization existed, and thus contribute to
the quiet of the public mind and the peace of tlie country.
The committee have pursued their labors with a determ-
ination, on their part, to ascertain the real facts, so far as
possible. And if, sometimes, they have permitted inquiries
and admitted testimony not strictly within the rules of evi-
dence, or within the scope of the resolution, it'is to be
attributed to their great anxiety to elicit tlie real facts, and
to remove unfounded apprehensions.
The cxtraoidinary cxcitement existing prior to the late
presidential election led disaffected persons of high and
low position, after the result of that election became known,
to consult together on the question of submitting to that
result, and also upon various modes of resistance. Among
other modes, resistance to counting the ballots, to the in-
auguration of Mr. Lincoln, the seizure of the Capitol and
the District of Columbia, were discussed infoimally in this
city and elsewhere. But too much diversity of opinion
seems to have existed to admit of the adoption of any well-
organized plan, until some of the States commenced to re-
duce their theories of secession to practice. Sinee then,
persons thus disaffected seem to have adopted the idea that
all resistance to the Government, if there is to be any,
should have at least the color of State authority. If tlie
purpose was at any time entertained of forming an organ-
ization, secret or open, to seize the District of Columbia,
attack the Capitol, or prevent the inauguration of Mr. Lin-
coln, it seems to have been rendered contingent upon the
secession ot either Maryland, or Virginia, or"both, and the
sanction of one of those States.
Certain oiganizations in this District and In Maryland,
that prior to the election seem to have been only political
clubs, have since assumed the character of military organ-
izations, are now engaged m diillmg, and expect to provide
themselves with arms—some from the State authorities and
others from private subscnptions. But, so far as the com-
mittee were able to leam their purposes, while they sympa-
thized strongly with secession, there is no proof that they
intend to attack either the Capitol or the District, unless the
bin tender should be demanded by a State to which they pro-
fess a higher degree of allegiance. Some of tho«e companies
m Baltunoie profess to be drilling for the sole purpose of pre-
venting other military companies fiom passing through the
State of Maiyland. Whether these representations of the
purposes ot those companies be correct or not, the com-
mittee have failed to discover any satisfactory evidence
that they have anypurpose whatever,as a mere mob, with-
out the sanction of State authority, to attack the Capitol,
or any other public propeity in this District, or to seize the
District. If it should be admit' ed that any one of these or-
ganizations were hostile to the Government, or entertained
unlawful purposes,they are in no proper sense secret; and
are therefoie not such as are contemplated in the resolution
of the flou«e.
The committee are unanimously of the opinion that the
evidence produced belore them does not prove the exist-
ence of a secret oiganization,here or elsewhere, hostile to
the Government, that has for it? object, upon its own le-
sponsibilitv.an attack upon the Capitol, or any of the pub-
lic piopeity'here, or an interruption of any of the functions
ot the Gove'nmont.
The committee submit herewith all the testimony taken
upon the subject, and ask that the same, and this report, be
printed, and that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. BRANCH. I present the following report
as a minority report. It is brief. I will, read it
myself. It is as follows:
Mi. "Branch, a member of the special committee of five,
rafcpd on the 9th January, by leave, presents his views, as
follows:
That he concurs entiiely with the majority of the com-
mittee, that the testimony adduced before the committee
does not establish the existence of a conspiracy, or combin-
ation, or a purpose on the part of any persons, to seize the
public propeity in the Distiict of Columbia, or to interfere
with the regular operations of the Government.
He thinks it has been established (notwithstanding the
difficulty of ptovinj a negative) that no -such conspiracy
does exist, cither in this District or elsewhere.
It appearing fiom the testimony uf Lieutenant General
Scott, taken before the committee, that seven companies
of artillei v and one eompanv of sapper^ and miners, of the
regular At my, have been ordered to, and are quartered in,
tin*-, citv, in clo-se vicinity to the Capitol, under the mis-
taken belief that the public pioperty in the District was or
would be m danger; and the committee being unanimously
of the opinion that no combination, or conspiracy, oi pur-
pose hostile to the Government or its property oxi«N, the
undersigned lecommemls the passage of the following les-
olution. „ L. O'B. liUANCil-
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I move that the
report and accompanying evidence be printed.
Mr. BRANCH. Let my resolution be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resoled, That the quartering of troops of the regular
Army in this Distrietaud around the Capitol, when not ne-
cessary for their protection fiom a hostile enemy, and dur-
ing the session of Const ess, i< impolitic and offensive, and,
if permitted, may be destructive of cn il liberty ; and, m the
opinion of this House, tlie tecubu troops now in this city
ought to be foithwith removed theiefiom.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the previous ques-
tion on that resolution.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his demandfor the previous,
question for a moment. • ' ' - '•
Mr. BRANCH. I will. '
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I supposed that'
the report I had the honor to submit 'wai'uhaM-'"
mous, so far as it goes. I would jeadjly have,
given my assent to any member of the committee
to present the views of a minority, on any subjifet
we have acted on. 1 am not aware that the com-
mittee had the subject of this resolution before
them. At all events, they-had no opportunity to '
vote on it. Nor do I understand how there can
be a minority report before the House. I do not
object to it; but I deem it due to the comtrtittee to
say, that they have never been called to vote otMP
way or the other on this resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. In reply to the honorable:
chairman of the committee, I will say, that I did
not present the resolution as the views of the com-
mittee. 1 present it as a minority resolution. I
know the fact that the committee have not voted
on the resolution. I entertain the hope, however,
that the members of the committee will vote for
it in the House. The honorable chairman of tfie
committee mistook me very much, if he supposed
that 1 presented the resolution as recommended
by a majority of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Let me explain
what I did mean. Unless the resolution eamc
here as a thing acted on by the committee, it could
not now be before this House, except by'unani-'
mous consent. The simple question is, whether my,
friend from North Carolina offers this resolution:
as a member of the House, or as something that
has received the action of the committee, and
therefore privileged, like the report.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The resolution
was received, no objection being made. Objec-
tion would have kept it out.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. If it had been
stated that any member desired to submit a minor-
ity report, the good understanding and good feel-
ing of the committee would not have denied that
privilege. Therefore, I was unwilling to object;
but I do not think it properly here at this time, at
least so far as the resolution is concerned. It
ought to be introduced upon th« gentleman's own
motion, as a member of the House; and then it
will bo subject to objection.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor, and said:
Does the Chair decide that the resolution is now
before the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair in-
timated to the gentleman from Michigan that the-
minority report was not in order, and could not
have been received except by general consent;
that the resolution accompanying that report, as
part and parcel of it, would have been rejected;
and the Chair would have ruled it out of order if
any gentleman had objected to it. It is now re-
ceived; and, in the opinion of the Chair, is now
before the House.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. How could
we have known what it was until it was read?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was read as
part and parcel of the report.
Mr. BRANCH. Let it not be forgotten that
I am still upon the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE. of North Carolina. I object to
debate unless it is in order. The previous ques-
tion has been called.
Mr, BRANCH. I hope that no gentleman will
object to my stating, in response to what has
fallen from the gentleman from Michigan, that,
through all the deliberations of the committee,
charged, as it is, with as important a subject as
was ever referred by this House to any commit-
tee, there has been the utmost courtesy and kind-
ness of feeling among all the members personally.
And I will say further, so far as this investigation
is concerned,! am proud to say, that every mem-
ber of the committee has exhibited the utmost
candor and fairness; and that there has been man-
ifested no desire uponthe partofany one to sup-
press the truth, or to make that appear to be true
which was not clearly so. I take pleasure in
making that declaration.
