1861.]
APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
„ ~
Lojws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Hess.
whale, and other fish, of American fisheries, and
all other articles the produce of such fisheries;
orpiment, or sulphuret of arsenic; paintings and
statuary, the production of American artists re-
siding abroad; Provided, The same be imported in
good faith as objects of taste and not of merchan-
dise; palm leaf, unmanufactured; pearl, mother of;
personal and household cffccts, not merchandise',
of citizens of the United States dying abroad; pine-
apples; plantains; plaster of Pans, or sulphate of
lime, unground; platina, unmanufactured; platina
■vases or retorts; polishing stones; pumice and
pumice stones; quassia wood; rags, of whatever
material, except wool; ratans and reeds, unman-
ufactured; rottenstone; safilower; saltpetre, or ni-
trate of soda,or potash, when crude; sandal wood;
seedlac; sheathing metal, or yellow metal, not
wholly of copper, nor wholly or in part of iron,
ungalvanized,in sheets forty-eight inches long and
fourteen inches wide, and weighing from fourteen
to thirty-four ounces per square yard; shellac;
shingle-bolts and stave-bolts; silk, raw, or as reeled
from the cocoon, not being doubled, twisted, orad-
vanced in manufacture any way, and silk cocoons,
and silk waste; smalts; specimens of natural his-
tory, mineralogy, and botany; staves for pipes,
hogsheads, or other casks; stoneware, not orna-
mented, above the capacity of"tun gallons; sub-
stances express]), used for manure; sumac; terra
japomca, catechu, or cutch; tin, in pigs, bars, or
blocks; tortoise and other shell, unmanufactured;
trees, shrubs, bulbs, plants, and roots, not other-
wise provided for; turmeric; types, old, and fit
only to be remanufactured; wearing apparel in
actual use, and other personal effects, (not mer-
chandise,) professional books, implements,instru-
ments, and tools of trade, occupation, or employ-
ment of persons arriving in the United States:
Provided, That this exemption shall not be con-
strued to include machinery, or other articles im-
ported for use in any manufacturing establish-
ment, or for sale; weld; woad or pastel; woods,
namely: cedar, lignumvita?, lancewood, ebony,
box, granad ilia, mahogany, rosewood, satin wood,
and all cabinet woods, unmanufactured; wool, un-
manufactured, and all hair of the goat, alpaca, and
other like animals, unmanufactured, the value
whereof at the last port or place from whence ex-
ported to the United States, shall be eighteen cents,
or under, per pound.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the day and year aforesaid there stall
be levied, collected, and paid, on the importation
of all raw or unmanufactered articles, not herein
enumerated or provided for, a duty of ten per
ccntum ad valorem; and on all articles manufac-
tured in whole or in part, not herein enumerated
or provided for, a duty of twenty per centum ad
valorem.
Sec. 25. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatallgoods,
wares, and merchandise, which may be m the
public, stores on the day and year aforesaid, shall
be subject to no other duty upon the entry thereof
than if the same were imported respectively after
that day.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That where
eyer the word "ton" is used in this act, in refer-
ence to weight, it shall be deemed and taken to be
twenty hundred weight, each hundred weight be-
ing one hundred and twelve pounds avoirdupois.
Sec. 27. Andbe it further enacted, That railroad
iron, partially or wholly worn, may bo imported
into the United States without payment of duty,
under bond to be withdrawn and exported after
the said railroad iron shall have been repaired or
remanufactuied; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized and directed to prescribe
such rules and regulations as may be necessary
to protect the revenue against fraud, and secure
the identity, character, and weight of all such
importations when again withdrawn and exported,
restricting and limiting the exportand withdrawal
to the same port of entry where imported, and
also limiting all bonds to a period of time of not
more than six months from the date of the im-
portation.
fc>EC. 28. Andbe it further enacted, That in all
eases where the duty upon any imports of goods,
wares, or merchandise shall be subject to be levied
upon the true market value of such imports in
the principal markets of the country from whence
the importation shall have been made, or at the
port of exportation, the duty shall be estimated
and collected upon the value on the day of actual
shipment whenever a bill of lading shall be pre-
sented showing the date of shipment, and which
shall be certified by a certificate of the United
States consul, commercial agent, or other legally
authorized deputy.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That the
annual statistical accounts of the commerce of the
United States with foreign countries, required by
existing laws, shall hereafter be made up and
completed by the Register of the Treasury, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, so
as to comprehend and include, in tabular form,
the quantity by weight or measure, as well as the
amount of value of the several articles of foreign
commerce, whether dutiable or otherwise; and
also a similar and separate statement of the com-
merce of the United States with the British Prov-
inces under the late, so-called, reciprocity treaty
with Great Britain.
Sec. 30. Andbe. it further enacted, That from
and after the day and year aforesaid there shall
be allowed a drawback on foreign hemp manu-
factured into cordage in the United States and
exported therefiom, equal in amount to the duty
paid on.the foreign hemp from which it shall be
manufactured, to be ascertained under such reg-
ulations as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and no more: Provided, That ten
per centum on the amount of all drawbacks so
allowed shall bo retained for the use of the United
States by the collectors paying such drawbacks
respectively.
Sec. 31. Andbe it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of
this act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed:
Provided, That the existing laws shall extend to,
and be in force for, the collection of the duties
imposed by this act, for the prosecution and pun-
ishment of all offenses, and for the recovery, col-
lection, distribution, and remission of all fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectually
as if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture, provis-
ion, clause, matter, and thing to that effect, in the
existing laws contained, had been inserted in and
reenacted by this act.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That when
merchandise of the same material or description,
but of different values, are invoiced at an average
price, and not otherwise provided for, the duty
shall be assessed upon the whole invoice at the
rate the highest valued goods in such invoice are
subject to under this act. The words value and
valued, used in this act, shall be construed and
understood as meaning the true market value of
the goods, wares, and merchandise m the princi-
pal markets of the country from whence exported
at the date of exportation.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That all
goods, wares, and merchandise actually on ship-
board, and bound to the United States, witlnn
fifteen days after the passage of this act, and
all goods, wares, and merchandise in deposits in
warehouse or public store on the first day of April,
eighteen bundled and sixty-one, shall be subject
to pay such duties as provided by law before and
at the time of the passage of this act, and all goods
in warehouse at the time this act takes effect, on
which the duties are lessened by its provisions,
may be withdiawn on payment of the duties
herein provided.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Onxr. LX1X.—An Act to provide for bringing
up the arrearages of work of the Land Office at
Olympia, Washington Territory.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
authorized to make such allowances for clerical
sei vices in bringing up the arrearages of business
at the land office at Olymni.i, Washington Terri-
tory, including payment of clerical services al-
ready necessarily incurred, as, on the production
of the proper evidence, he may deem equitable
and just, the amount not to exceed the sum of
three thousand dollars, and to be paid out of the
appropriation for incidental expenses ot district
land offices.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to provide for the payment
of expenses incurred by the Territories ofWash-
ington and Oregon in the suppression of Indian
hostilities therein, in the years eighteen hundred
andfifty-fiveand eighteen hundred and fifty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be and they are
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray
the expenses incurred in the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon, in the suppression of Indian
hostilities therein, in the years eighteen hundred
and fifty-five and eighteen hundred and fifty-six.
For the payment of volunteers, embracing the
first, second, and ninth Oregon regiments, and
the three companies of minute-men, numbered
sixty, sixty-one,and sixty-two,and the firstand
second Washington regiments and promiscuous
companies, including the companies of Captain
Strong and Captain Slays, four hundred thousand
dollars, after deducting stoppages as ascertained
by the Third Auditor of the Treasury in his re-
portof the seventh of February, eighteen hundred
and sixty, made in pursuance of a resolution of
the House of Ileptesentatives, passed the eighth
of February,eighteen hundred and fifty-nine; said
claim^to be examined and audited by the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, who shall allow to said
volunteers the same pay and allowances as were
paid to officers and soldiers of equal grade at that
period in the United States Army serving in that
country: Provided, That payment shall only be
made to such of the above-named companies as
shall be shown by satisfactory proof to have been
engaged in actual service in the field for the period
and in the manner claimed.
For the payment of claims for services, sup-
plies, transportation, and so forth, incurred in the
maintenance of said volunteers, two million four
hundred thousand dollars, to lie paid upon the
principal, and agreeably to the rates for services,
supplies, transportation, and so forth, allowed and
reported by the Third Auditor of the Treasury in
his aforesaid report of the seventh of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty: Provided, That said
Auditor be and he hereby is authorized and di-
rected to receive additional evidence as to the
amount or value of supplies, transportation, and
personal services, and to correct errors in his
former report touching the same; and in cases
where supplies were furnished at points in either
of said Territories, where similar supplies were
not furnished for the regular Army during the
hostilities in which said volunteers were engaged'
he shall allow for such supplies the prices paid
for similar supplies for the regular Army at the
most convenient point where Army supplies were
furnished during said time, adding thereto the cost
of transportation to the placc where such supplies
were furnished to said volunteers: And provided
further, That no compensation shall be made for
the services of any person in more than one ca-
pacity for the same time; and all payments made
ill pursuance of this act shall be received in full
satisfaction and discharge of the claims upon
which they are made.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all claims
for horses or other property lost or destroyed in
said service shall be settled according to the act
approved the third of March, eighteen hundred
and forty-nine, providing for payment for horses
or other property lost or destroyed in the mili-
tary service of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there be
paid to Robert J. Atkinson, Third Auditor of the
Treasury, for the duties heretofore performed by
him in the investigation of said claims, the sum
of one thousand dollars, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That for the
| payment of claims provided for in this act, the
Secretory of the Treasury may, if he deem itex-
: j pedient, issue to the claimants, or their legal rep-
|i resentatives, bonds of the United States of a de-
i nomination not less than fifty dolors, redeemable
in twenty years, and bearing inti're^t at the rate
of six pei cent, per annum, with coupons at tacnetl,
and payable annually or semi-annually at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Tieasury.
Approved, March 2,1461.
