1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hicks, who is not here to defend himself. I
object to my colleague farming out the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order. I
only yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Michigan to enable him to make a report; and I
insist that the gentleman from Maryland has no
right to take the floor under those circumstances.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I call for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Train, and
Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 42, noes 71; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. 'JOHN COCHRANE. I am upon the
floor, and no gentleman can take it from me to
make that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has not the floor now, as the
House is dividing on a question of appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
There being no quorum, as appears by a count of
the tellers, no business is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for a
recount.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that a quorum
shall be present when grave questions like this
are under discussion; and I intend, so faraslam
concerned, that there shall be a quorum present.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 call for a recount.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
order a recount.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, as there seems to
he some confusion in the House, (hat we will go
into the Committee of the Whole, and do a good
act by passing the Post Office bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I can end this whole matter
if the House will hear me a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WINSLOW. The House is dividing, and
that motion is out of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 insist on my right
to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
ordered a recount.
The tellers resumed their places; the House
again divided; and the tellers reported—ayes 42,
noes 89.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the House?"
Mr. WEBSTER (amid great confusion, and
repeated cries of order) said: I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will withdraw his appeal, and
allow my colleague to proceed; and then give me
an opportunity to reply. I will only say now, in
regard to Governor Hieks's course generally, that
I 'believe lie has been actuated by patuotie mo-
tives, and that his conduct has been prudent, and
will be approved by two thiids of the people of
my Stati-.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker 
[Cries of" Question!" " Question '"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first thing
in oider is the question, "Shall the decision ot
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained,
and Mr. Kcnkel was ruled off the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I shall proceed
only for the purpose of courteously answering the
the question put to me by the gentleman from
North Carolina. I do not know that the rules of
the House will allow me a specific answer re-
specting what occurred m the committee; but I
may satisfactorily answer him in a parliamentary
manner, bv referring to the files of evideiict^take^s
before the committee, and now upon the Clerk s
desk. By that evidence, it does not appear that
the author of the resolution was summoned before
the committee.
Having now concluded my remarks, I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. TAPPAN. I appeal to thegentlemanfrom
New York to allow me to offer what I send to the
Clerk's desk, as an amendment to his motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. HUGHES. I appeal to the courtesy of the
gentleman from New York [cries of "Order!"
" Order!" from the Republican side] to yield to
meforamoment. ["Object!" "Object!"] Idesire
to say that the question before the House is emi-
nently a Maryland affair, involving the honor of
its people. [Deafening ciies of " Order!" "Or-
der!"] I have wished to address the House on
this matter; but as it will not listen to my col-
league, [Mr. Kunkel,] I will not at present make
the attempt, further than to say, that if the House
will assign any time, and give us a fair ring, I
shall be ready to enter the arena for a full discus-
sion of Maryland politics, no doubt to the great
edification of the House and the country.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I desiie the attention of the
House for a moment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any ob-
jection to hearing the gentleman from North Car-
olina? [Cries of " Object1" "Object!"]
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that if what we have just witnessed shall be
repeated m the galleries, the galleries be cleared.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
suggest that it is impossible for him to distinguish
between the commotion in the House and the
commotion in the galleries. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina 
[Cries of" Call the roll!" " Call the roll!" all
over the House.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I want to pro-
pose an amendment; and I ask that it be read.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!" and "Object!"]
The SPExVKER pro tempore. Order must be
preserved. No business will be transacted until
quiet is restored.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
[cries of '"Order!" " Order!"] I presume the gen-
tleman from North Carolina will notobjectto hear
my amendment read.
Mr. CRA.1GE, of North Carolina, and others,
called the gentleman to order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, (amid great
confusion and deafening cries to order,) said: I
desire to offer this amendment: that the troops
shall be removed from this city when the forts and
aisenals of the Federal Government, seized and
held possession of by South Carolina, Louisiana,
Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia, are restored
to the Federal authorities.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 35; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clinilus F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
ricll, Allen, Alley, William O. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt,
lleule, itmid'ain, 1:1 c.r. IJUke, Brayton, Briggs, Kiistow,
Bnlfintori, Bmlni!;ame,'Buttei field, Campbell, (,'aitcr, Case,
Horace F. ClaiIt. Cobiun, John Cochrane. Uoliax, (Jonk-
I;:u;. Conwaj, t.'u voile, Co.\, Cuitis, H. Winter Daves John
G Uavi,, llawes, Dncll, Dunn, l',clgeiton, Eliot, El}, Etliei-
id,fe, Fain^woitb, Kenton, Fcnv, Foster. Poukc, l-iank,
French. Gilmei.tiooeli.Gialiam,Glow, Uale, Hall, Haskin,
Ilatton.'llelmic'k, lloaic), William A. Howard, Humphrey,
llutchins, livinc, Junkin, F'raneis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoie, Lauabee, DeWitt <.'. Lead),
Luc, TiOgan, Longncckci, Luun.ls, Lcnejnv, Mai lory, Mars-
ton, McOlernand,MeKeaii. MeKenlv, MoKmglit.McPher-
son, Mill-on, LabanT. Moore,Mourhcad. Morrill, l'ldward
Joy Monis, Isaac N. Moms, Moise, Nelson, Kiblack,
Nixon, Palmer, I'criy, 1'o.tcr, Potter, Pottle, F.dwm R.
Reynolds, Rice, Chiistopher Uobiiison,James(Mlobinson,
ltoyce. Sciariton, Sedgwick. Sheiman. Sickles. Spaulding,
Spinner. Steven-, William Stcwan, Stokes, ytiattim. Tap-
pan, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Vandever, Van Wvek,
Wade, Waldron. Walton. Cadivalader C. Wa-hbnrn, Elliliu
P.. Washbnrne, Webstei,' Wells, Wilson, and Woodiufl—
124.
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Barr, Eairet, Bococlv, Botelcr,
Bouligny, Brabfton, Bianch,Buich. Biunctt, John B. Llark,
Button Craige, Do Janiette, Engii-Ii, Florence, Garuett,
John T. HiiiricJ, Hmdman, Hughes, Ktmkel, Mnc!ay,Ei-
bcit S. Martin, Mavnatd. Peyton, Phfilp*. Pryor, (iuai!e<<,
ilust, rk-otf, William ft". H. 8nnt)i. Su'vensoii, Thomas,
WliLtoi*'}, Winsluvv. and WiiaUt—35.
So tlic resolution v/as laid on the tabic.
During the -call* . . • - • - ;
Mr. DE JARNETTE stated .that Mr, Jenkins
was confincd to his room by illness. , *. '
Mr. WELLS stated that Mr. Pettit was com-
pelled to leave the.Sail by indisposition. . ..
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. IXickman was
absent on account of illness. •• . . , ,
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated, that Mr.
Vance "was detained at home by sickness.
Mr. FOUKE (am.id repeated cries to order)
said: I voted against laying the resolution on the
table with the hope.of having an opportunity
to offer a substitute. The President of tile United
States being commander-in-chief of the Atm,y- of
the United States, has aright to quarter troops
wheresoever he may deem the necessity requires.
But I do not believe they are necessary in the-Dis-
trict of Columbia, at this time, to protect either
person or property. I vote "ay."
Mr. PHELPS (amid cries of order) said: I
desire to see the troops removed from this city;
for I believe there is no more necessity for their
being here than for their being in my own town.
I vote " no."
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire to'statc.thereasona
why I have not voted to lay the resolution on the
table. [Cries of " Order!" "Order!"] It is be-
cause I am not entitled to vote, [laughter, and
cries of "Order!"] being outside of the bar when
my name was called.
Mr. HINDMAN subsequently obtained leave
to vote, and voted in the negative.
The result was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution for reference to the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this House,
live thousand extra copies of the report and evidence sub-
mitted by the committee of five oil the subject of a secret
hostile organization.
Mr. BURNETT. I would say to the gentle-
man that this is the first document that has been
submitted here since I have been a member of
Congress that, I really believe ought to be pub-
lished, and I hope he will increase the number of
extra copies to twenty thousand.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The resolution
must go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that by unanimous
consent the resolution will be adopted now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That can-
not be done. The law requires that the resolution
shall go to the Committee on Printing.
The resolution was, as the law requires, re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
And then, on motion of Mr. THOMAS, (at
four o'clock and twenty-three minutes, p.m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 15, 1861.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, Lieutenant Michler's report of bis survey
for an inter-oceanic ship canal near the Isthmus
of Darien; which was ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion by Mr. Greeh to print the report
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the Consti-
tution as it is, and the enforcement of all thelav^s;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMSON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Caldwell, Essex county, New Jersey,
praying the adoption ot the proposition of the
Representatives ot the border States for the ad-
justment of the present sectional difficulties; which
was ordered to lie on the table.'
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
I William Thorn, praying to be allowed his wages
} and expenses during the time he was absen t from
1 his employment in the navy-yard at Washington
