1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S5
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
chinery at Springfield armory, Massachusetts,
fifty-nine thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairs and improvements and now ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry armory, sixty-four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the Allegheny arsenal, repairing and paint-
ing public buildings, and for tepairs and preserva-
tion of roads, culverts, and fences, four thousand
one hundred seventy dollars.
For the Betiicia arsenal, fifty thousand dollars.
For the Fort Monroe arsenal, twenty-^our thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For Frankford arsenal, Pennsylvania, six thou-
sand one hundred dollars.
For Leavenworth arsenal, Kansas, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For New York arsenal,two thousand six hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For North Carolina arsenal, five thousand dol-
lars.
For St. Louis arsenal, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For Washington arsenal, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For Watertown arsenal, eleven thousand seven
hundred and ninety dollars.
For Watervliet arsenal, four thousand dollars.
For contingencies of arsenals, twenty thousand
dollars.
For surveys of military defenses, geograph-
ical explorations, and reconnoissanccsfor military
purposes, and surveys with the armies in the field,
fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, ten
thousand dollars,
For printing charts of lake surveys, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the surveys of the northern and
north western lakes, including lake Superior, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
To indemnify citizens of Iowa and Minnesota
for the destruction of property at or near Spirit
Lake by Ink-pa-du-tuh's band of Sioux Indians,
nine thousand six hundred and forty dollars and
seventy-four cents, or so much thereof as may be
found necessary.
For the following fortifications:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlain, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
Fort Knox, Penobscot river, Maine, twenty
thousand dollars.
Fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland, Maine,
thirty thousand dollars.
Fort Winthrop, Governor's Island, Boston
htubot, Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Island,
five thousand dollars.
Fort Richmond, Staten Island,New York, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
Fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island,
New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fort Delaware, Delaware river, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Fort Carroll, Sollers's Point Flatts, Baltimore
harbor, Maryland, fifty thousand dollars.
Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, fifty
thousand dollars.
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, seventy thou-
sand dollars.
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
Fort at Fort Point, including outworks, San
Francisco bay,California,fifty thousand dollais.
Fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fort at entrance of New Bedford harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, twenty-fire thousand dollars.
Fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For protection of the site of Fort Macon, Beau-
fort harbor, North Carolina, ten thousand dollars.
Contingencies of fortifications, preservation of
sites, protection of titles, and repairs of sudden
damage, thirty thousand dollars.
Repairs and alterations of barracks, quarters,
and hospitals, store-rooms and fences at perma-
nent posts not occupied by troops, ton thousand
dollars.
For the construction of a military post in or
near the valley of the Red River of the North,
fifty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be deemed necessary by the Secretary of War.
The site to be selected and post built under direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
For completing the report anil perfecting the
drawings of the San Juan exploring expedition,
one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For deficiency to cover expenditures made by
the quartermaster's bureau in consequence of
Indian hostilities during the current fiscal
year, namely:
Incidental expenses, fifty-seven thousand and
eighty-four dollars.
Transportation of troops and supplies, four
hundred and seventy-three thousand four hundred
and sixty-four dollars.
Barracks and quarters, one hundred and sev-
enty-eight thousand eight hundred and eighty-
seven dollars: Provided, That the Secretary of
War shall cause an examination to be made into
the expenditure in the quartermaster's bureau
since the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, and report the same to Congress at
its next session.
Sec. 2. Jlnd.be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and lie is hereby, author-
ized and directed to audit and state the accounts
of the late superintendent of the Fort Ridgely and
South Pass wagon road, up to the time when ho
was relieved from the care of the public property
in his possession, allowing him all such sums
as, in the opinion of the Secretary, may be fair,
reasonable, and just, and charging him with all
such sums as, in his opinion, he ought to be
charged with, and report the same to Congress.
Sec. [3.] And be it farther enacted, That lor the
protection of emigrants on the overland routes
between the Atlantic slope and the California and
Oregon and Washington frontier, the sum of fifty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended undei the direction ol the
Secietaiy of War, if, m his judgment, the same
may be nocessary.
Approved, March 9, 18GI.
Chap. LXXIH.—An Act making Appropriations
for the service of the Post Oil lee Department
during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated,for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
thirtiethof June,eighteen hundred andsixty-two,
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising from
the revenues of the said Department, in conform-
ity to the act of the second July, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six. _
For transportation of the mails, (inland,) ten
million forty thousand two hundred and eighty-
four dollars ; and the Postmaster General is hereby
directed to reexamine the causes for_ discontinu-
ance or curtailmentof the postal service on inland
routes since the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, and to restore all such
parts of said service as can be restored with due
regard to the public interest and the circumstances
of"each case, whether such discontinuance or cur-
tailment was upon contracts yet in force, or has
taken effect upon the making of new contracts:
And provided, That the restoration or increase of
service hereby contemplated, shall not he made
without the consent of the contractor in each case,
or in pursuance of his contract. _ _
"PY)r compensation to postmasters, two millions
seven hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That
no compensation shall be paid to postmasters after
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, for the delivery of free letters or papers to
their recipients,except to the postmaster at Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia, in pursuance of
I the existing law authorizing a special allowance
j to him for such service.
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, one
I million forty-five thousand five hundred and sev-
! enteen dollars and twenty-three cents.
j For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twenty
i thousand dollars.
For office furniture for post offices, four thou-
sand dollars.
For advertising, seventy thousand dollars.
For mail bags, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For paper for blanks, sixty thousand dollars.
For printing blanks, twelve thousand dollars
For wrapping paper, forty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For mail-locks, keys, and stamps, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars: Provided, That the
proviso in the first section of the act of June fif-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty, makm^appro-
priationsfor the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment, which restricts the maximum compensation
to be paid to route agents to the sum of eight hun-
dred dollars per year, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
For miscellaneous payments, one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
one hundred and ten thousand dollars.
For payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred thousand dollars.
For payment of letter carriers, two hundred
and ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Jhid be it further enacted, That the third
section of the act making provision for the postal
service in California, Oregon, and Washington,
approved July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed; and that all dead letters which may accu-
mulate in the post offices in said States and Ter-
ritory, after thirtieth Juno next, shall be returned
to the General Post Office Department, at Wash- ,
ington, under such regulations as the Postmaster
General may prescribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if the
revenues of the Post Office Department shall be
insufficient to meet the appropriations of this act,
tliense [the] sum of five million three hundred and
ninety-one thousand three hundred and fifty dol-
lars and sixty-three cents, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in.tlie
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to supply
deficiencies m the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment for the yearending the thirtieth ofjune,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the third section of an act entitled "An
act amendatory of an act regulating the Post Office
Department,'' approved March second, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven, be, and the same are
hereby, applied to all post routes which have
been, or may hereafter be, established in any town
or city by the Postmaster General, by virtue of
the tenth section of an act entitled " An act to
reduce and modify the rates of postage in the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes," approved
February twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one.
Sec. 5. Andhe it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of the special mail agent of the Post
Office Department for the Pacific coast, shall be
two thousand five hundred dollars per annum;
such rate to take effect in virtue of this provision
from the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Sec. 6. Andhe it further enacted, That the sum
of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
carrying the mail from New York, via Panama,
to San Francisco, three times a month, from the
first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty, to
the first day of'July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one.
Sec . 7. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, directed to
refund to Franklin Haven and his associates, the
sum of money deposited by them with the Post
Office Department required as indemnity for the
continuance of the Boston post office in the former
locality, said post office having since been re-
moved: Provided, That from the sum of money
thus deposited the Postmaster General shall first
deduct the expensenscs of one removal of said
post office each way.
Sec.8. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to extend
the existing mail eontracton route thirteen thou-
sand five hundred and sixty-four, in the State of
