1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating esti-
mates of appropriations for the compensation of
a superintendent of Indian affairs and three Indian
agents in Washington Territory.
GEORGE H. GIDDINGS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the House
joint resolution in behalf of George 11. Giddings,
that was up the other day. I want to try that
once more.
Mr. PITCH. Is it the special order for the
morning hour that the Senator calls up ?
Mr. WADE. It is.
Mr. PITCH. I wish the Senator would yield
for a moment to allow us to take up a resolution
to print a document.
Mr. WADE. If I do not lose my place by
yielding the«floor for that purpose, I am willing
to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from "Ohio yield to the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. PITCH. I move to take up the resolution
for printing the agricultural report of the Patent
Office. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
den] may have an amendment to propose; but it
will be adopted immediately.
Mr. WADE. I have the floor; and I am afraid
that if I yield it, I shall not get it again.
The motion of Mr. Wabe was agreed to—ayes
twenty-four; noes not counted.
The consideration of the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 62) for the benefit of George Ii. Giddings
was resumed liy the Senate, acting as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with amend-
ments.
The first amendment was in line seven,to strike
out the words " this time," and insert "Juno 30,
1861."
Mr. POLK. I should like the resolution read
as it will be, if amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That George H. Guiding-: be p'ud for services on route
8076, m accordance with tile older of Postmaster General
A. V. Brown, of October ;id, 1858, alter deducting wiiat-
evei lia^ been received tiieieon up to June 30, 1861.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line nine, to strike out the words " service has,"
and insert " trips have;" so that it will read:
Oil proof being furnished that the trips have been per-
formed, &c.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is a report, 1
should like to hear it read.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will excuse the Chair. The Chair must call
up the special order at this hour; which is the
joint resolution authorizing Commodore Hiram
Paulding to receive a sword and a grant of land
from file Republic of Nicaragua.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone the special
order, and continue the consideration of thisjoint
resolution.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 15.
Mr. GRIMES. There is evidently a misunder-
standing in regard to this matter. I call for the
yeas and nays. I understand that the resolution in
regard to Commodore Paulding was made the spe-
cial orderforhalf past twelve o'clock to-day. This
proposition is to suspend that order, and take up
this bill for the benefit of Mr. Giddings.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Biglei, Chandler, Clingman,
Douglas. Green, Hale, Hemphill, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Morn!!, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Baulsbury, Sim-
mons, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, YVigfall, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bingliam, Bragg. Cameron,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkce, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson ol Tennes-
see, King, Mason, Pearce, Sewaid, Sumner, and Ten
Eyck—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion lias been reported to the Senate, with amend-
ments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest that there were
fears expressed yesterday that a very large sum
was to be taken out of the Treasury oy this joint
resolution; and therefore, I move to amend it by
fixing the following qualification to the, amount,
to come in at the end of the resolution:
Not exceeding in amount six months1 mail pay, accord-
ing to the said order.
Mr. GREEN. I move to amend that amend-
ment So as to say, " the amount provided for by
the contract." Whatever the contract was, if the
service was performed according to the contract,
it should be paid for according to the contract.
Mr. HALE. I want to say to^he Senator from
Missouri, if I can get his ear, that 1 am friendly
to these contractors. I think they have been very
badly used, and that they are entitled to relief;
but they do not ask as much relief as the Senator
from Missouri proposes to give tliem, because
they do not ask anything for that western part of
the line that was discontinued. They only ask
for that part of the line that is on this side 
Mr. GREEN. Let me interrupt the Senator.
If the parties are willing to take what he proposes,
I, of course, withdraw my amendment.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri withdraw his amendment?
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator says the parties
are willing to take what he proposes, I do.
Mr. HALE. They agree to the modification
I have suggested; they ask nothing for the west-
ern part of the route.
Mr. KING, I desire to know of the Senator
from New Hampshue whether the service which
these parties rendered was of their own volition,
and against the order of the Postmaster General,
or whether it was rendered at his request?
Mr. HALE. I thought I made it tolerably
plain the other day.
Mr. KING. You might have done so; but how
was it ?
Mr. HALE. There was a contract made for
a mail running across the entire continent, from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. Subsequently, a por-
tion of the route was discontinued.
Mr. ICING. According to law ? 4
Mr. HALE. Grant, if you please, that it was
according to law. I have not a word to say about
that. Then they entered into a new contract with
Governor Brown, who was Postmaster General,
discontinuing the central partof their route, leav-
ing to them a part ateach end to perform. They
entered into a new contract in which no such
reservation as the Senator from New York seems
to have in view was made, and they supposed
and understood that the reservation of the Post-
master to curtail and diminish and alter their
contract had been finished; and in the new con-
tract there was no such qualification inserted;
but subsequently to that, 1 think after Governor
Brown went out of office, and Congress failed to
make an appropriation, a new Postmaster Gen-
eral came in, and he disturbed the subsequent
arrangement made by Governor Brown. Then
it was that the inhabitants upon the route, the
commanding general of the army in Texas, and
everybody interested in it, made such represent-
ations that they went on performing the modified
contract that was made after the first interruption
by Governor Brown. It is for that service that
thisjoint resolution proposes to pay them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire whether the
piece that was taken out was the middle piece
between El Paso and Fort Yuma?
Mr. HALE. It was.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was the service per-
formed 011 the piece between Fort Yuma and San
Diego?
Mr. HALE. That service was performed at
first, but afterwards it was entirely discontinued,
and this resolution does not propose to give them
a cent for that.
Mr. COLLAMER. This, then, is for that
piece from San Antonio to El Paso.
Mr. HALE. That piece; and it ought to be
paid.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire what will be the amount
to be paid to these parties according to his pro-
posed amendment? He says sixmonths'pay. I
suppose the Senator is familiar with what the pay
was.
Mr. HALE. I cannot state; but I understand
it will become where about sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. BRAGG. I think we had better have that
specific. The report made by the committee esti-
mates that the pay will be in accordance with the
last contract, which the Senator Speaks of as
made with these parties, which w'as,-o,ne hundred
and fifty-nine thousand and so'me hundred dollars
a year. • . ' . ' .
Mr. HALE. Iam willing to put in an amend-
ment, limiting the amount.
Mr. BRAGG. I understand the resolution, as
amended, proposes to give them this pay up to
June, 18G1.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand that to .be
the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have so amended it.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to have the amount
made specific; because we often pass bills appro-
priating more than we supposed at the time, as it
turns out. afterwards.
Mr. HEMPHILL. There is a very wide dif-
ference between the report and the joint resolu-
tion. I have not read through all the report, but
it appears to be very scientific, and goes en to
discuss the law on the subjectof damages for the
violation of contracts, by cutting up the line here,
and cutting itup there, and tho_number of horses
that were lost, and the stations tbat were- de-
stroyed, &c.; but this joint resolution is for the
service actually performed; it is notfor any of those
damages. The report and the joint resolution do
not agree. The report has nothing to do with th'e
resolution. The joint resolution is for service
actually performed, for trips actually run. Per-
haps it would be more specific if it said " the
number of trips performed on that portion of the
route which lies between El Paso and San An-
tonio." That is all that is claimed; and perhaps
it had better be amended m that way.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Texas
allow me to inquire of him if he can tell what was
performed, and what is the amount of. service to
be paid for?
Mr. HEMPHILL. The amount of service to
be paid for is weekly trips for some months—I do
not k no w the number of months—between El Paso
and San Antonio. The whole route extended
from San Antonio to San Diego, on the Pacific,
at first. During the administration of Governor
Brown, all that portion of the route which lies
between El Paso and Fort Yuma was cut off by
him. That left the line then with a small portion,
two liundied miles on the end from Fort Yuma
to San Diego, and about eight hundred miles On
the cast from El Paso to San Antonio, with five
or six hundred miles between those two ends.
When Mr. Holt came in, he cut off the end from
Fort Yuma to San Diego, leaving only that por-
tion of the line which existed between San Anto-
nio and El Paso. He afterwards cut down two
or three hundred miles of that, so as to leave only
now in existence that portion of the line which
extends from San Antonio to Comanche Spring.
All that is asked, is for the trips performed be-
tween San Antonio and El Paso, and no more.
The line was a weekly line, and Mr. Holt cut it
down to a semi-monthly.
Mr. CLARK. I did not inquire the extent of
the route. I want to know what extent of ser-
vice they performed, and what is the sum, in dol-
lars and cents, that we shall have to pay?
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Texas will
yield to me, I will modify my amendment in this
way:
Not exceeding in amount $70,000.
I say that, because I am authorized to say it.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend that by
saying $40,000.
Mr. HALE. You do not know anything about
it. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question was
upon the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, which he proposes to modify, so as
to read: not exceeding in amount §70,000. The
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to amend
the amendment by substituting $40,000.
Mr. WIGFALL. I did not intend to trouble
the Senate with any remarks in reference to this
matter, because I supposed, after the report was
road, which was asked to be printed ten days or
two weeks ago, and after the explanations which
have been made so frequently on the floor, that
the Senate understood it. Many of them, I per-
ceive, are troubled with the diseaseof " not listen-
ing;" but,as I have notspoken upon this subject,
of course 1 have no complaints to make.
The facts are briefly these: some veal's ago
these contractors undertook to 'make the experi-
