1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. "VVADE. Yes, we shall.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the special order,
for the purpose of continuing the discussion on
this bill.
* Mr. HALE and Mr. WIGFALL. Votingonit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate can
vote to continue the bill; but they cannot order
the vote to be taken if any Senator wishes to dis-
cuss it. It is moved and seconded that the special
order of the day, being the tariff bill, be postponed
in order to continue the joint resolution before the
Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood there was a
proposition to let the special order lie over in-
formally by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood that to be objected to, inasmuch as other
motions were interposed. %
Mr. SIMMONS. TheSenator from New York
moved to lay the joint resolution on the table, and
we have two or three motions. I hope we shall
go on with the special order. '
Mr. CAMERON. I hope our friends here will
not postpone so important a bill as the tariff bill,
for the purpose of discussing this doubtful ques-
tion. The motion may postpone the tariff bill for
the whole day. It loses its place by this vote, and
will require another motion to get it up. I hope
the Senator from Ohio will not put us in this po-
sition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope we may have fifteen
minutes. Suppose, by general consent, we post-
pone the tariff bill for fifteen minutes. If we are
not done with this matter, then that can come up.
Mr. CAMERON. What do we gain by that?
Mr. CLINGMAN. We may get this out of
the way.
Mr. CAMERON. There is no haste with it.
It can wait until to-morrow.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us have the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I am as much in favor of the
tariff as the Senator from Pennsylvania; but when
a thing has been discussed and taken the whole
morning hour, and when I know that if I call it
up again we shall have to go through the same
discussion again, I think, when wo are so near
the vote on it, we ought to take it. I think it will
forward business and forward your tariff bill also.
Now, one word about this joint resolution. Gen-
tlemen say I cannot tell how much is due. I do
not pretend to do so; but the bill is guarded at
every point. These men have performed certain
services, and the Postmaster General has all the
vouchers to show exactly how much is due.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator that the question is on the
motion to postpone, which does not involve the
merits of either of the bills.
Mr. WADE. I wish for but one moment to
say that I do not think there can be an)? doubt that
a just conclusion can be come to on this bill, pro-
vided your executive officers are honest. If they
are not, I cannot warrant you anything, and you
cannot do business then. If they will magnify a
$16,000 claim to $130,000, it only shows that they
do not act properly.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know if we are
going into a discussion on this motion. If so, I
shall follow the Senator fiom Ohio.
Mr. WADE. I am not going into it; but the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] said
1 could not tell how much was due. I admit that;
because there is a contract for this service, and
the bill leaves it to the Department to pay accord-
ing to the contract for the service actually ren-
dered, and they have all the vouchers before them
to show what that was, and I dare trust them with
that. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to say one word
as to the considerations which will control my
vote in this matter, without expressing any opin-
ion as to the Giddings claim; whether I shall
vote for or against it. My experience in the Sen-
ate since I have been here is, thai we have lost a
great deal more time in these disputes about
which bill should have the precedence, than has
ever been gained for any particular bill; and I
think that the true course to economize time is,
when you have got a bill up to adhere to it till
you finish it, especially when it is a bill like this,
where there is a motion made to lay it on the
table That is a test vote; you cannot diseussit;
you are bound to come directly to a vote. If we
proceed with this bill, we shall have a vote at
once; and it would have taken place long ago if
the Senator from Pennsylvania had not interposed
with his tariff. I think he will never get his tariff
bill through by such a course of policy as that.
There was nothing to do but take the yeas and
nays, when he began protesting here in regard to
the tariff. No debate was in order; the motion
was to lay this joint resolution on the table. It
would have been a test vote, and decided very
soon. Now, it is not because I am opposed to
the measure of which the Senator from Rhode
Island has charge, but because I think it the better
way to dispatch the business of the Senate to
hold on to a measure when you have got it in a
Fosition where you are ready to vote upon it; and
think we shall find the tariff bill will sooner
pass if we adopt that course, and hold on to it;
for I shall vote with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to hold on to it when we have it under con-
sideration; butl think we had better get rid of this
joint resolution now, and not take up to-morrow
with it.
Mr. CAMERON. I am always willing to be
lectured by my friends; and, as the gentleman is
with me on the tariff, I am willing that he should
say what he has said; but I think it was not in
very good taste, notwithstanding it came from
him. This bill occupied the time allotted by the
rules for its consideration. The time came by the
clock when the tariff bill was in order, and, by
the proper rules of the Senate, that moment the
hammer should have come down and the tariff
bill should have been taken up. The true course,
in my view, different from that of the Senator
from Illinois, is, to take everything in order.
When you fix a particular bill for a particular
hour on a certain day, when that time comes, take
it up and dispose of it. One good rule in business
is, to do one thing at a time; and if we had fol-
lowed that rule in this case, when we occupied all
the time allotted to this bill, we should have stopped
and gone to the other. Besides that, the motion
of the Senator from Ohio is to postpone the tariff
bill for the purpose of disposing of this. That
postponement puts it out of the way, and puts it
beyond the reach of its order. If it was a mere
motion to let it go by common consent and take
this up, I should have made no objection, but
when there is danger of losing this importantbill,
I cannot stand here quiet, notwithstanding the
gentleman says he is going to vote with me. I
have no great objection to his giving me a lecture.
The lecture I take in good part; but I do not ap-
prove of the reasons.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion is
on postponing the order of the day for the purpose
of continuing the House joint resolution No. 62.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, ISayaid, Blight, Clingmail, Crit-
tenden, Dixon, Douglas, Dm kee, Fitch, Gieen, Gwin, Hale,
UeinplulI, Johnson ni Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Nicholson, l'olk, Pmvll. llice, Pdulsburv, Thomson,
Trumbull, Wade, Wit'Oiil. run! Wilkinson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Hitler. Bingham, Rra< '. Cain-
eion, Clark, Cohanier, Doohttle, Fesseiiden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Kini(, Momll, Pearce, Seward, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyek, and Wilson—30.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. KING. There was a motion to lay on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the joint resolution be laid on
the table.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 25; as follows;
YF.A-- Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bragg, Cameron,
Claik, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Kane, Moirill, t'earce, Sewaul. Simmons, Sunnier, Ten
Eyek. Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—!21.
"NAYS—Messis. Baker, Biizler, Bright, Chandler, CUng-
man, Crittenden, 1):von, Douiias, Fitch, Green, Gvvm,
Hale, Hemphill, Johnson 01' Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Latham. Nicholson, l'olk, l'ovvell,Rice, Saulsbury, Thom-
son, Wade, and Wilful!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Senator i
from New!Hampshirfe,! to strike out ''seventy,"
and insert " forty." • - • - * ' ' <■
Mr. GRIMES. As I am called upon to'vote
wi that proposition, before I-do so I should like
some information from the Post Office Committee.
I find that the committee have made & report,
which accompanies' this Bill, and which is tjjWn
our tables.- They have laid down in their-argo-
ment in advocacy' of it to*day tire principle—a
very correct one, I think, for our government as
Senators here—that we should not regard .-{he
amount that is asked for, but always pay par-
ticular attention to the equity and justice o£ the
claim. Idesi're to do so if I know what justice is;
but I want to do justice not only to the individuals •
for whose benefit a claim is souglit to be passed
through Congress, but justice to the Government
and to the people whom I represent. I find by
the report which is submitted by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, that they as-
certain, according to th&princip'les stated by twefm,
that the amount of the claim which Mf; Giddings
has against the'Government is §159,530 60.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator'allow me
a moment to make an explanation ? As has already
been two or three times certainly explained, the
report and the bill do not correspond. The report
is for damages. The bill or joint resolution" ex-
cludes damages. The report goes on—I do not
knowwho wrote it; it is from the otherHouse—
and states the facts and the damages that would
arise; and then, ignoring their reasoning, they
report a joint resolution excluding damages and
asking only for pay for the actual service done.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Texas had
read this report more critically than he seems to
have read it, he would have discovered that he is
mistaken. I will read the concluding clause' of
the report;
From July 1, 1860, to January 1,1861, the contract pi-fee
would be $98,324, of which the memorialist has received
$35,000, Jeavingdue to him tor the past six months $63,224,
making an aggregate of $159,530 60 which would seem to
be necessary to repair the violations of this contiaet. This
estimate, itwill be perceived, leaves out of the calculation
ajl questions of consequential damage, of which testimony
lias been produced that the sum is very large.
The Senator, therefore, will perceive that he is
mistaken. It is $159,530 60, according to the
report of the committee upon whose recommend-
ation we are asked to act here, leaving out these
consequential damages to which the Senator from
Texas has referred. Now, the question I want
to propound to this committee is this; after giving
us this report, and saying that there is duo to Mr.
Giddings from this Government directly, and with-
out regard to consequential damages, §159,530 60,
and acting upon the principle whicp they have
attempted to enforce upon us here to-day,thatwe
should regard the justice and equity of the claim
solely, and not its amount, how is it that they wow
come in and propose to pay Mr. Giddings only
£70,000? Why do they ignore this amount of
$100,000 which they say is justly due to him, and
yet they are unwilling to pay it?
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 move to amend the
amendment by inserting the words 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill
state to the Senator that a motion to amend can-
not now be entertained, as the question is on an .
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will state the amendment
I intend to offer. It will be to this effect. The
joint resolution now reads; "That George II.
Giddings be paid for services on route 8076." The
amendment that I will offer will make it read:
" That George H. Giddings be paid for services on
that portion of route 8070 which lies between El
Paso and San Antonio, in Texas." That would
leave out all this other matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire to insert the words: ".not
exceeding in amount §70,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRAGG. It seems,to me that, with that
amendment, the resolution bears a contradiction
upon its face. The joint resolution provides—
That George H. Giddings be paid for services on route
8026, in accordance with the older of Postmaster Geneial
A. V. Brown, of October 23,1858, after d>;ducmis what-
evei has been received thereon up to June 30, 1861, &.C.
