1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
339
Laws of the United States.
36m Cong.,..2d
repair the lighting apparatus, one hundred and
fifty-four thousand six hundred and ninety-eight
dollars and eighty cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improving all the light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, one hundred and two thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and ninety-six keep-
ers of light-houses and light-beacons, and their
assistants, two hundred and thirteen thousand
one hundred and ninety-three dollars and thirty-
three cents.
For salaries of forty-three keepers of light-ves-
sels, twenty-three thousand nine hundied dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and in-
cidental expenses of forty-five light vessels, one
hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and seventy cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooring, and supplying losses of buoys
and day-beacon,s, and for chains and sinkers tor
the same, and for coloring and numberingall the
buoys, one hundred and twelve thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights,
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lai s.
For commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the same
under the proviso to act third March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, on the amount that may
be disbursed by them, seven thousand dollars.
For the coasts of California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington.
Foi supplyingnineteen light-houses and beacon
lights with oil, glass chimneys, wicks, chamois
skins, polishing powder, and other cleaning ma-
terials, transportation, expenses of keeping lamps
and machinery in order, publishing notices to
mariners of changes of aids to navigation, seven-
teen thousand two hundred and seventy dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of nineteen
light-houses and buildings connected therewith,
ten thousand dollars.
For salaries of forty-three keepers and assist-
ant keepers of light-houses, at an average notcx-
ceeding eight hundred dollars per annum, twen ty-
five thousand eight hundied dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting^
repairing, remooring, and supplying Josses of
floating buoys and day-beacons, and for chains
and sinkers for the same, and for coloring and
numberingall the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
For inspection and transportation purposes,
five thousand dollars.
Foi commission,at two and a half percentum,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the same
under the proviso to the act of Match third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, on£ thousand five
hundred dollars.
Foi commutation of fuel and quarters for offi-
cers of the Army serving on light-house duty, the
payment of which is no longer provided for by
the quartermaster's department, five thousand two
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and seventy-nine
cents. ,
For compensation of two superintendents tor
the life-saving stations on the coasts of Long
Island and New Jersey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each, ten thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
forty transient paupers, medical and surgical pa-
tients m Washington Infirmary, six thousand
dollars.
For purchase of manure for the public grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grouuds, one
thousand and ninety-five dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used m the
public grounds, five hundred dollars.
Foi puichase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace,
where necessary, such as have been planted by
the United States, to whitewash tree-boxes and
fences, "lid the repair of pavements in front of the
public grounds,-two thousand five hundred dol-
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closets,
public stables, water-pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass,
and locks, and for the protection of the building,
five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House
and furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase
of plants for garden, and contingent expenses
incident thereto, six thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, of the President's House, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's House,
the public grounds around them, and around the
executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
Bridge and High streets, in Georgetown, Four-
and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets, across
the mall, forty-two thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for library at the Exec-
utive Mansion, to be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For repairs of the Potomac, navy-yard, and
upper bridges, and the roatls appurtenant thereto
owned by the United States, six thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, three
thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two and Lafay-
ette square, two thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, continuing the improvement
of the same, and keeping them in order, three
thousand dollars.
For repairsof water-pipes,five hundred dollars.
For cleaning out the sewer traps on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and repairing the same, three liun-
! dred dollars.
i For repairs of furnaces under the Senate cham-
ber and Supreme Court rooms, five hundred
dollars.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOR TIIE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, and medical and
t moral treatment of the insane of the District of
i Columbia, and of the Anny and Navy, and of the
| revenue service, at the asylum in said District,
. including books and incidental expenses of the
I asylum, thirty-five thousand live hundred dollars.
; For repairs and painting of four western or first
erected sections of the. hospital edifice, including
additions to the furniture and gardenei's houses,
and out-bull dings and fences, ice-houses, including
pieservmg cellar, extension of stable for storage
of hay and other fodder, and shelter of farm wag-
ons and carts; and melosing two sides of farm-
yard with brick wall; improvement of grounds,
including pavement surrounding all the buildings;
grading and planting trees, paving gutters, and
I placing seats in the pleasure grounds of the pa-
tients; forcing and green-houses, including appa-
ratus; fitting up two bowling-alleys, one in base-
ment of each wing, eight thousand dollars.
PATENT OFFICE.
For constructing the cellar of the north front of
the Patent Office building into offices and store-
rooms, and for putting iron railing around the
aieas in the court-yard of said building, and for
flagging the same, twelve thousand dollars.
For collection of agricultural statistics, investi-
gations for promoting agriculture and rural econ-
omy, and the procurement, propagation, and dis-
tribution of cuttings and seeds, sixty thousand
i dollars: Provided, however, That in the expendi-
| ture of this appropriation, and especially in the
' selection of cuttings and seeds for distribution,due
regard shall be had to the purposes of general cul-
tivation, and the encouragement of the agricul-
tural and rural interests of all parts of the United
States.
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and ether copy-
right matter, two thousand dollars;so much theieof
asYnay be necessary to be applied to the deficiency
m that fund for the present fiscal year.
Exploring Expedition.
For preservation of the collections of the explor-
ing ami surveying expeditions of the Government,
| four thousand dollars.
■! For the distribution of the collections of the ex-
: j ploringjmd surveying expeditions of the Govern-
;j ment, and the construction of additional eases to
receive such part of said collections as may be
j! retained by the Government, six thousand dol-
i lars; such distribution to be only to institutions
: I willin" to receive the same, and at their own ex-
pense
Institution of the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind.
For salaries and -incidental expenses of the
Institution of the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind, in the
District of Columbia, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of taking the eighth census of
the inhabitants of the United States, one hundred
and ninety thousand dollars
Botanic Garden.
Forgrading, draining, procuring manure, tools,
fuel, and repairs, purchasing trees and shrubs for
botanic garden, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress, three
thousand three hundred dollars.
For pay of horticulturists and assistants in the
botanic garden and green-houses, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress, five thousand one hundred and twenty-
one dollars and fifty cents.
SUUVEY OP THE PUBLIC LANDS.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska, and Utah,) including inci-
dental expenses and island surveys in the inte-
rior, and all other special and difficult surveys
demanding augmented rates, to be apportioned
and applied to the several surveying districts, ac-
cording to the exigencies of the public service,
including expenses of selecting swamp lands, and
the compensation and expenses to survey or to
locate private land claims in Louisiana, in addi-
tion to the unexpended balances of all former
appropriations, fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying tho public lands and private land
claims in California, to be disbursed at the rates
prescribed by law for the different kinds of work,
twenty thousand dollais.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in New Mexico, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Ivansas and
Nebiaska, also outlines of Indian reservations,
twenty thousand dollars.
Foi salary of the cleik detailed for the special
sea vice ill the General Land Office to attend to the
unfinished surveys in the States where the offices
of the surveyors general have been closed, two
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to
be disbursed at the uites now authoiized by law,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, at the rates now authorized bylaw,
fifteen thousand dollars: Provided", That the clause
of the act approved the twenty-third of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty, appropriating eight
thousand dollars to carry into effect the act ap-
proved the sixteenth day of May, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, creating an additional land dis-
trict in Washington Territory, be,and the same
is hereby, repealed.
For preparing the unfinished records of public
and private surveys, to be transferred to the State
authorities, under the provisions of the act of
twelfth of June, eighteen hundred and forty, in
those districtswhcre the surveys are about being
completed, per act of twenty-second of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, eight thousand
eight hundred dollais.
To supply deficiency in appropriation for ex-
penses for the present fiscal year, of transporta-
tion of bullion from the assay office, at New York,
to the mint at Philadelphia, for coinage, twenty-
nine thousand dollars.
For constructing on each floor of the Govern-
ment building called " Winder's Building" the
necessary water-closets, urinals, slop-water sinks,
and hose-cocks, three thousand four hundred and
fifty dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, mclud-
! ing wastage of the mint at Philadelphia, m addi-
,! tiiTn to the sum appropriated by the act " making
|i appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
' judicial expenses of the Government," fifteen
thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, at the mint at San Francisco, in ad-
dition to the sum appropriated by the act" making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, aim
judicial expenses of the Government,'' twenty
thousand dollars.
To enable the Presidentof theUnited States to
carry into effect the act of third March, eighteen •
