340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
hundred and nineteen, and any subsequent acts
now in force, for the suppression of the slave trade,
nine hundred thousand dollars; and the President
is hereby authorized to allow such compensation,
not exceeding in the whole ten thousand dollars,
to the United States marshals, district attorneys,
and any other persons employed in enforcing said
laws, as may to him seem proper, forany services
they may render, for which no allowance can now
be made under existing laws: Provided, That in
no case shall the compensation made to any dis-
trict attorney or marshal in any one year exceed
the sum of six thousand dollars, the maximum
amount now allowed by law, and at that rate for
any period of time less than one year.
fo pay for labor on, and materials furnished
for Post Office extension, sixteen thousand dol-
lars.
For the Capitol extension, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to make
the payment authorized by the resolution of the
Senate of twentieth March, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty, to Mrs. E. A. Linn, two thou-
sand six hundred and seventy-two dollars.
For compensation of superintendent of Indian
affairs and three additional agents in Washington
Territory, for the fiscal year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, two thou-
sand five hundred and twenty-seven dollars and
seventy-seven cents.
For compensation of superintendent of Indian
affairs and three additional agents m Washington
Territory, for the fiscal year ending June thnty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, seven thousand
dollars. *
For payment of balance due contractor for
building the custom-houses at Belfast and Ells-
worth, Maine, four hundred and forty-eight dol-
lars and seventy-nine cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there is
hereby appropriated, in like manner, for the pur-
pose of completingaud providing proper furniture
for the new court-house and post office at Indian-
apolis, Indiana, the sum of five thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the sum
of sixty thousand dollars be, and the same ib
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otheiwise appropriated, the same
being aweapproptlation of the same amount,
(which sum was appropriated by law on the third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty -seven, and re-
verted to "the surplus fund of the Treasury,) to
construct the sewer on Flushing avenue, Brook-
lyn, New York, in continuation of that now con-
structed to such point on said avenue as shall be
determined bv the Navy Department; thence
through the Onited States grounds, or through
Vanderbilt avenue, as shall be decided by said
Department, to the waters of the WnlUbout: Pro-
vided., The city of Brooklyn will agree to pay one
half of the expense of said sewer on Flushing
avenue.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That to enable
the Superintendent of Public Printing to execute
the binding and ruling, and to furnish blank books
for the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments after the fourth of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, in accordance with the provisions
of the joint resolution of June twenty-third, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, in relation to the public
printing, the Secretary of the Tteasury be, and is
hereby, authoiized to place to the credit of the
Superintendent of Public Printing the sums here-
tofore appropriated for binding, ruling, and blank
books for said Departments respectively; and
should the printers or binders to the present Con-
gress, or either of them, decline or fail to execute
any of the printing or binding ordered by the Sen-
ate or House of Representatives during the pres-
ent session, the Superintendent of the Public
Printing is hereby authorized and directed to cause
the printing or binding so ordered and declined to
be executed under the provisions of the joint res-
olution heretofore referred to.
TERRITORY OF COLOItADQ.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars. *
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of eighty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary for the purpose, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated for the payment for
materials delivered for the extension of the Treas-
ury building under existing contracts; and that
the further sum of two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars be also appropriated for the continuance
of the work of si\ch extension.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the Com-
missionerof Indian Affairs be directed to examine
the accounts of Brigham Young, late Governor of
Utah Territory, and ex officio superintendent of
Indian affairs, for disbursements alleged to have
been made by him on account of the Indian ser-
vice in said Territory, and report a statement
thereof to Congress. •
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the judge
of the district court for the district of Minnesota
is hereby requited to hold a term of said court in
each year at Mankato, to commence on the first
Monday in June, instead of at Preston, as now
required by law: and so much of the act of Con-
gress approved March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, requiring the said judge to hold a
term of said court at Preston, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 8. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the treas-
urer of the branch mint at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to
Michael Cassm, administrator of the estate of
James Cassm, deceased, the sum of three hun-
dred and ninety-one dollars, being the value of
twenty-two ounces ofgold dust deposited by James
Cassm, deceased, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, and by mistake credited to John
Cassm.
Sec. 0. And be ti further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of State be directed to audit and settle the
accounts of Charles J. Helm, consul-general of
the United States at Havana,upon the principles
of justice and equity, for the expenses incurred
by him m prepaung and making the leports and
returns, and bringing up the arrearages of the
business of his piedeccssor in that office, and for
extra cleik hire m his office, and for moneys ad-
vanced to destitute American citizens, and for extra
rent, and to pay the amount thereof, not exceed-
ing the sum of eight thousand seven hundred and
sixty-eight dollars, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all pur-
chases and contracts for supplies or services, in
any of the Departments of the Government, ex-
cept for personal services, when the public exi-
gencies do not reijiiiie the immediate delivery of
the article or aiticles, or performance of the ser-
vice, shall be made by advertising a sufficient time
previously for proposals respecting the same.
When immediate delivery or performance is re-
quired by the public exigency, the articles or ser-
vice required may be piocured by open purchase
or contract at the placcs, and in the manner in
which such articles are usually bought and sold,
or such services engaged between individuals.
No contract or purchase shall hereafter be made,
unless the same be authorized by law or be under
an appropinUion adequate to its fulfillment, ex-
cept iu the War and Navy Departments, for cloth-
ing, subsistence, forage, fuel, quarters, or trans-
position, which, however, shall not exceed the
necessities of the ouirerit year. And the third
section of the act entitled <kAn act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the'year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one," shall be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Cihp. LXXXV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and" for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various India#Tubes,
for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United StatesofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums b$, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes—
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian af-
fairs and of the several Indian agents, per acts
of fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eighteenth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, nineteenth Ju-ne, eighteen hundred and
sixty, twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty, and per fifteenth article of treaty of nine-
teenth April, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
with the Yanctons, eighty-six thousand four hun-
dred and fifty dollars. +
For the pay of the several Indian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six,one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, and eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twenty-four thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollais.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
supeiintendents of Indian affairs on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes:
Blackfoot Nation.
For sixth of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in the purchase of such goods, provis-
ions, and other useful articles as the President,
at his discretion, may, from time to time, de-
termine, per ninth article of the treaty of seven-
teenth October, eighteen hundred ana fifty-five,
twenty thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in edu-
cating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Chastciy Scoton, and Umpqua Indians.
For seventh of fifteen installments of annuity,
to be expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dol-
lars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for the pay
of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
!| November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
jj thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for pay of phy-
sician, medicines,and expense of care of the sick,
perfifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand five
hundied dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
perfifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For two thirds of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments in money, per fourth article treaty
fouith October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand
