1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
manufactures of wool, or of which wool &hall be a com-
ponent material, not otherwise provided for, 30 per centum
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and eight of the thirteenth section, to strike out
" thirty percentum<«it)aZorem,"andinsert" and."
The bill now reads:
" On oil-cloth for floors,stamped, painted, or printed, val-
ued at 50 cents or less per square yard, 20 per centum ad
valorem; valued at over 50 cents per squaie yard, 30 per
centum ad valorem; on all other oil-cloth, 30 per centum ad
valorem
The proposed amendment makes it read thus:
On oil-cloth for floors, stamped, painted, or printed, val-
ued at 50 cents or less pei squaie yaid, 20 per centum ad
valorem; valued at over 50 cents per square yard, and on
all other oil-cloth, 30 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in line fifteen of section fourteen,
to insert.
On like goods, exceeding two hundred threads to the
square inch, counting the warp and filling, 4 cents per
squaie yard.
So as to make the section read:
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter
mentioned, the following duties, that is to s>ay : First, On
all manufactures of cotton not bleached, colored, stained,
painted, or printed, and not exceeding one hundred threads
to the squaie inch, counting the waip and tilling, and ex-
ceeding in weight five ounces per square yard, 1 cent per
squaie yaid ; on finer or lighter goods of like description,
not exceeding one hundred and torty threads to the square
inch, counting the warp and tilling, 2 cents per square yard;
on goods of like description, exceeding one hundied and
forty tin eads, and notexceeding two hundied threads to the
square inch, counting the waip and filling, 3 cents per
bquare yard; ou hkegood^, exceeding two bundled threads
to the square inch, counting the waip and filling, 4 cents
per square yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in line twenty-four of section
fourteen, to insert the words " plain woven;" so
as to make the proviso read:
Prodded, That upon ail plain woven cotton goods not
Included in the fmeguuig schedules, and upon cotton goods
of evety description, the value of which shall exceed 10
cents per square yaid, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid, a duty of 25 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The* next was, so to amend the following clause
of the fourteenth section:
On spool thread of coiton, containing fifty yards or less
- each, cents per dozen spools ; containmsover fifty yards
ami not over one bundled jards each, 4 cents per dozen
spools; containing one hundred yards and not ovei one
hundied and lilty yards each, 6 cents pn dozen spool, con-
taining over one hundred and fifty yards and not over two
hundred yards each, 8 cents per dozen spools.
As to make it read:
On spool and other thread of cotton, 30 per centum ad
valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was m line forty-six of section four-
teen, to insert, after "cotton," the words " and
cotton velvet;"and to insert "flve"after "twen-
ty;" so as to make the cause read:
On shirts and ilraweis, wove or made ou frames, com-
posed wholly of cotton, and cotton velvet, 25 per centum
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in line five of section fifteen, to
insert " live," after " thirty;" so as to make the
clause read:
On minianulactmed hemp, §33 per ton.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask what the pres-
ent duly is on unmanufactured hemp.
Mr. SIMMONS. Twenty-four per cent.
Mr. HALE. How much a ton ?
Mr. SIMMONS. About $50 a ton. This
proposes $35 dollars.
Mr. POLK. I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Rhode Island to that section. It
provides, first, that unmanufactured hemp shall
pay a duty of fi35 dollars per ton, and next, that
'• Manilla, and other hemps of India," shall pay
"$15 per toll." I wish to know if the section
means that Manilla hemp shall ]>ay only $15 a
ton, when other hemp shall pay $35?
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what it means.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the
Senator from Rhode island the reasons ior that
distinction.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not given any par-
ticular attention to the prices current of hemp this
year; but I know that, formerly, Russian hemp
was just about twice the price of Manilla. Form-
erly, the value in market of Russian hemp wag
about double that of Manilla hemp, and 1 pre-
sume it is so still. This bill came from the House
of Representatives with a duty of $30 on Russian
and §15 on Manilla hemp. The committee thought
the Russian hemp ought to pay $35; and so they
put &5 more on it, and they thought ita.very low
duty. We did not alter the other hemp duties at
all, supposing that they were made on a fair esti-
mate of the market value of the article.
Mr. GWIN. I observe that the duty is in-
creased §5 a ton by the select committee beyond
what the other House made it. What was the
reason for the increase?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have just stated—perhaps
the Senator did not hear—that the committee
thought $30 a ton on Russian hemp was not near
a revenue duty, not more than 15 per cent., and
we thought we could get a little more duty on it;
and that is the reason why we proposed to add
§5 more.
Mr. POLK. I am not familiar with this Ma-
nilla hemp at all. The hemp that I am familiar
with, mostly, is American hemp. I wish to know
whether the proportion of duty on Russian hemp,
for instance, at $35 per ton, is the same as that on
Manilla hemp at $15 per ton, or about the same>
Mr. SIMMONS. Very near, I should think.
I have not looked at the prices current of hemp
for a number of years; but I dare say, if you look
in former tariffs, which were based on the foreign
prices, you will find about that proportion. 1
know what price Russian hemp used to be, but
I am not familiar with it lately. The committee
thought §30 a ton was not near as much as the
piesent law, and that we ought to raise it, to get
what revenue we could fairly get from it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen, to
strike out from lines seventeen to twenty-one, in-
clusive, the following words:
'■ Weighing not over one pound and a half per square yard,
or imported under the designation of gunny cloth, or any
other appellation, 2 cents |«-i square yard; weighing over
one pound and a half per square yard."
And to insert, in lieu thereof,
Valued at less than 10 cents pei square yaid,
And in line twenty-two, to strike out "2 cents,"
and insert "1 cent;"and after the word "pound,"
in the same line, to insert the words "over 30
cents pel- square yard, 2 cents per pound."
So that fhe clause will read:
On cotton hnsping, or any other manufacture not other-
wise provided for, suitable for the uses to which cotton
bagging is applied, whether composed in whole or in part
of hemp, jute, or flax, or any other material, valued at le*s
than 10 cents per square yard, 1 cent per pound ; over 10
cents pei square yaid, 2 cents per pound.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 desire to modify the duty
on the first description of bagging by inserting lk
cent instead of 1 cent a pound. I do not think 1
cent is quite a revenue taiifT.
Mr. POLK. At what line will that amend-
ment of the Senator come in ?
Mr. SIMMONS. In the twenty-second line.
I desire to put the duty at cent a pound, in-
stead of 1 cent.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and theamendment, as amended was adopted.
Mr. POLK. I should like to call the attention
of the Senator from Rhode Island to another ques-
tion. I have received a letter which states that,
under the tariff as it now stands, they have a way
of introducing hemp in winches, as the letter calls
it. I believe it is hemp manufactured to a cer-
tain point, thus escaping the duty. I should like
to inquire of the Senator from Rhode Island
whether the duty on yarns—4 cents a pound on
I yarns—will embrace all the stages of manufac-
ture from the raw aitiele up to cordage/
i Mr. SIMMONS. I did not hear the Senator
I say in what form that hemp came. Was it in
i "winches'"
j Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; I think that is the ex-
i pression.
i Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator can tell as well
! as 1 can. I never saw any of it.
: Mr. POLK. I would ask the Senator whether,
1 if the word " hemp" were inserted before the word
! "yarns," it would not probably meet the dilii-
J culty to which my coire-spondent referred ?
ii Mr. SIMMONS. It must be in it; for this bill
f, puts a duty on hemp, flax, yarn, Sisal grass, jute,
|] and everything.
The next amendment of the committee was; in
section seventeen, line five, to-strike out the word
"plate;" and after the word "plate''1 where it
occurs a second time, to strike out the word
" crown;" and after the word "cylinder" to strike
out the word s " and other,'' and insert" or broad;"
so that the clause will read:
First, on rough plate, cylinder, or broad window glass,
not exceeding ten by fifteen inches, $ cent per square foot.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make that 1 cent
per square footT As it now stands, it is aprac-
tical reduction of the duties on the larger sizes of
glass. We did not think of it at the time we were
reducing the duty; biy; on the large, sizes of a
higher cost we desire to have a duty 1 cent a
square foot, as it was in the original bill.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to move an amendment
to the whole of that section. When this subject
came up in the select committee, we agreed upon
an amendment to the section op some facts that
were brought before the committee by myself. I
received a letter from one of the largest import-
ing houses in California on this subject of the
duty on glass, in which it was stated:
"1 will add that our State consumes at present foreign
glass only; the American being unsuited to our market in
quality, and, awing to its inferior packages, totally unfit for
transportation over our mountains and through our valleys,
and you can appreciate the injustice of compelling us to
pay eastern manufacturers high prices for an article so
objectionable."
I brought the subject before the select commit-
tee, and an amendment was agreed upon in that
committee. 1 obtained a copy of that amendment,
and transmitted it to one of these gentlemen, to
lay before, not only his own house, but all those
that were interested in it"; and I received in answer
a letter, from which I read, the-following:
" Your esteemed favor of the 30th ultimo has just reached
mc, covering the proposed amendment to Morrill's tariff
bill, on' window glass. I have telegraphed to yon, that the
rates to be reported by the select committee are very satis-
factory; they aic more favorable to our State than to par-
ties on this «;ide, as our principal consumption is of small
glass. Oui objection was not somuch to paying anincrease
duty, as it was to have our business destroyed by prohibi-
tion. The proposed rates will not destroy it."
Then again, having sent a copy of the bill as
printed, I received another letter from the firm, in
which they state that—
" Upon examining the report of the Senate select com-
mittee, I find theiatesupon window glass largely advanced
above the figures quoted in your esteemed favor of the 30th
ultimo. For instance, the printed report places sixes up to
ten by fifteen at£ cent per square foot, your letter at£ cent "
I will not go on with the reading of this letter.
This is a subject of the greatest importance to us,
because we do not consume any American glass
in California. American glass is not packed so
that it can be earned through the interior of our
country. This duty, as it was in the original bill,
and as it has been changed since it left the select
committee, is prohibitory. I propose to offerpre-
ciseiy the amendment that was agreed on -in the
select committee to that whole section, which I
will send to the Chair. The chairman of the select
committee will recollect that I took a copy of it at
the time. I desire to have the action of the select
committee agreed to by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on the amendment which
has been reported from the select committee.
Mr. GWIN. I move my amendment as a sub-
stitute for the whole section. It is,in fact, what
the committee agreed on originally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendment will be read for information.
The Secretary read it: to strike out all of'the
seventeenth section after the enacting clause, and
to insert the following in lieu thereof:
"That from and after the day and year aforesaid, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid on the importation of
the aiticles heiein mentioned, the following duties, that is
to say: first, on rough plate, cylinder, or broad window
gla^, not exceeding ten by fifteen inches, \ cent per square
toot; above that, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four
inches, 1 cent per square loot; above that, and not exceed-
ing twenty-four by thirty inches, 2 cents per square foot;
alfabove that, 3 cents per square foot; on crown, plate, or
polished, and all other window gla?s not exceeding ten by
fifteen inches, 1£ cent per square toot; above that, and not
exceeding sixteen by twenlv-four inches:, cents per
square toot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-tour by
truitv niche-..4cenls per bquare foot; ail above that, 5 cents
per square foot: Provided, That all glass imported in sheets
or table,w ithout lefereuce to size or form, shall pay the
lU'diersi dutv herein imposed: Jliul provided fmthcr, That
ail rough plate, cylinder, or broad glass weighing over one
hundied pounds per one hundred square tcet, shall pay an
additional duty on the excess at the same rates as herein
