342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36tii CJoxg....2d Skss.
Laws of the United States.
thirteenth article treaty twenty-fourth March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, one thousand six hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
For the fifth of seven additional installments for
iron and steel for shops, per thirteenth article
treaty twenty-fourth March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For thirty-first of thirty-three installments for
education, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, three thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for edu-
cation, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollais for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article to
supplemental treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to treaty of
third October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
per resolution of the Senate nineteenth January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth article
treaty sixth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand three hundied and foui dol-
lars.
Forlastof cightcqual installments for payment
of five chiefs, per sixth article treaty sixth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Ioioas
For interest in lieu of investmenton fifty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars to the first July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, at five per centum,
for education or other beneficial purposes, under
the direction of the President, per second article
treaty nineteenth October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, and ninth article treaty seventeenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, per sec-
ond article treaty fourteenth January, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Klckajtooii.
For eighth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on one hundred thousand dollars for ed-
ucation, per second article treaty eighteenth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dolhus.
For the payment of this sum as the eighth in-
stallment upon two hundred thousand dollars, to
be paid in eighteen hundred and sixty-one, per
second article treaty eighteenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand" dollars.
J\h:nomonces.
For sixth of twelve installments for continuing
and keeping up a blacksmith shop, and providing
the usual quantity of iron and steel, per fourth
article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eigh t, and third article treaty twelfth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hun-
dred and sixteen dollars and sixty-six cents.
For sixth of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth articic treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third
article treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for pay of a
miller, per third article treaty twelfth May, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and fourth article treaty of fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven
thousand five hundred dollars
JS.Iiamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and
eighty-six cents, at five per centum, for Miami
Indians of Indiana, per Senate's amendment to
fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-two
dollars and eighty-nine cents. 4
Miamics, Eel River. '
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per fourth articic treaty third August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Nisqually, Puyallupi and other Tribes and Bands
of Indians.
For seventh installment, in part payment for
relinquishment of title to laflds to be applied to
beneficial objects, per fourth articic treaty twen-
ty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, fifteen hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Omahas.
For the fourth of ten installments of this amount,
being second of the series, in money or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty sixteenth March, eigh-
teen hundied and, fifty-four, thirty thousand dol-
lars. |
For seventh of ten installments for support of j
a miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March, j
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol- j
lars. |
For seventh of ten installments for support of ■
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for >
shop, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March, !
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred !
and forty dollars. j
For seventh of ten installments for support of j
farmer, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March, |
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mill
provided for by the eighth article of the treaty of
sixteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per eighth article of
the treaty of sixteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
O sages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being
the value of fifty-four sections of land set apart
second June, eighteen hundred and twenty-five,
for educational purposes, per Senate resolution
nineteenth January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-six
dollars.
Ottocs and Missourias.
For the fourth of ten installments of this amount,
being the second series, in money or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for pay of
miller, per seventh article treaty fifteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of ten installments for blacksmith
and assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and forty
dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for farmer, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grift and saw mill
provided for by the seventh article of the treaty
of fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per seventh article
of the treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Ottawas and Chippewas of Michigan.
For sixth of ten equal annual installments for
educational purposes, to be expended under the
direction of the President, according to the wishes
of the Indians, so far as may be reasonable and
just, per second article of the treaty of the thiity-
iirst July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For sixth installment for the support of four
blacksmith simps for ten years, per second aiti-
de of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, four thousand two hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For sixth installment of principal, payable an-
nually for ten years, to be distributed per capita,
in the usual manner of paying annuities, per
second article of the treaty of ihirty-fnst July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred and forty-six
thousand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum
of three hundred and six thousand dollars, for
one year, at five per centum per annum, to be
distributed per capita, in the usual manner of
paying annuities, per second article of the treaty
of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, twelve thousand three hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten equal annual installments on
thirty-five thousand dollars, in lieu of former
treaty stipulations, to be paid per capita to the
Grand River Ottawas, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars
Oltaicas of Kansas.
For their proportion of thep^rmanentannuities
in money, goods, or otherwise, payable under the
fourth article of the treaty of third August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, second article of the
treaty of seventeenth November, eighteen hun-
dred and seven, fourth article of the treaty of sev-
enteenth September, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, and fourth article of the treaty of twenty-
ninth August, eighteen hundred and twenty-one,
two thousand six hundred dollars.
Pawnees.
For fourth of five installments in goods and
such articles as may be necessary for them, per
second article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, forty thousand
dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools an-
nually, during the pleasure of the President, per
third article treaty twenty-fourth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction of
the President, per third article treaty, twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, and other ncoes-
