926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Imposed; and all crown, plate, or polished, and all other
window glass, weighing over one Hundred pounds per one
hundred square ieet, shall pay an additional duty propor-
tionate to that herein provided for glass of that weight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment to strike out the seventeenth section and in-
sert the matter which has been read, is not in
order for consideration until the seventeenth sec-
tion has been perfected by acting on such amend-
ments as have been or may be offered to it. The
first question now is on the amendment to the
seventeenth section offered by the select com-
mittee.
Mr. B1GLER. I desire to state, in reference
to this section, that I thinl? the Senator from Cal-
ifornia is right, to some extent. We had this
proposition, as he offers it, before the committee,
and at the time it seemed entirely satisfactory; but
subsequently we were called upon by the manu-
facturers of glass, and showfi that in reference to
this first article, having reduced it to | cent, we
had made a serious mistake, and that, in fact, our
rate was too low. I do not now recollect whether
the Senator from California was present at that
meeting or not; I presume he was not; but I think
a quorum of the committee was present. I know
I voted expressly to raise this rate from \ cent to
| cent. Furthermore,at the time, and since, man-
ufacturers have been insisting that we should raise
it to 1 cent; and the Senator from Rhode Island
has suggested an amendmentaccordingly. There-
fore, in reference to this imported glass, there was
a difference between the importers and the man-
ufacturers; those represented by the Senator from
California insisting on j cent, while the manufac-
turers wanted 1 cent. We fixed the rate at | cent.
My impression is we had better let it rest there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fiist ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, from the select committee, to
this section.
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated when 1 was up be-
fore, that we had agreed to put this at f cent. I
did it after conference with some persons inter-
ested. Since then, I have seen a great many of
these men, and they tell me this enlargement of
the size, which is very considerable, has a great
deal to do with it; and I cent is a practical reduc-
tion of the rate of duty that was fixed by the
House. I believe, myself, that this size of from
ten to fifteen inches should pay a duty of 1 cent
a foot. Before, it was ten by twelve. They in-
sisted upon having the highest schedule on the
large size increased. I told them I would consent
to increase it to 1 cent, and I would move it; but
I would insist upon keeping the other schedules
as we had reported them on the larger sizes. But
this is a kind of glass that they have been making
in this country. More than half of the furnaces
are now closed up; and I think 1 cent a square
foot is as little duty on that as 1 ever recollect
before in any tariff.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island to the amendment of the select
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. GWIN. What is the question before the
Senate' Is it on my substitute?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from California, the
Chair stated at the time, was not now in order for
consideration, inasmuch as the amendment pro-
posed to strike out the seventeenth section,and in-
sert what the Senator from California sent to the
Chair and was read. The seventeenth section,
proposed to bestricken out,isopen toamendment,
that is commonly called perfection, before the
question can be taken on the substitute the Sen-
ator from California offered; and there is an amend-
ment to the seventeenth section offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island fiom the select-com-
mittee. The question is on that amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Let us hear it read.
The Secretary read it,; in section seventeen, line
eight, to strike out " twelve" and insert "six-
teen;" and after the word "by," to strikeout
" eighteen" and insert " twenty-four;"and ill line
nine, to strike out "2 eents".aiid insert " lj
cent;" so that the clause will read:
Above that, and not cxcceditig sixteen by twenty-four
inches, ; .V cent per square loot.
Mr. GWIN. That is the very amendment I
wish to oppose. That amendment is an absolute
prohibition of the importation of these articles
into the State that I represent. I have it from
authority that I cannot question. It was agreed
upon in select committee, on information brought
before that committee by those engaged in the
importation of this article, to reduce the duty to
i cent. Afterwards, without my ever hearing
that the committee had met again, it was amended
and the bill reported. In order that there might
not be any mistake about it, I sent an abstract
of precisely what the committee had agreed upon;
I sent precisely the action of the committeeI
had a copy made by our clerk; and the answer
was that it was satisfactory. Subsequently, when
the bill was printed, I found it was changed from
what was agreed upon in the select committee,
at what I thought was the last meeting of that
committcc. My proposition is to amend it pre-
cisely as it was agreed upon in the select committee
when we last met. I have the very words from
the clerk as it was drawn up. Now, this is an
increase over the duty reported from 1 cent to 1
cent. The committee agreed that it should be |
cent. I have reason to believe that this duty of 1
per cent, is prohibitory. We never import any
American glass in California; but this duty is so
high that it will be prohibitory, at least on this
particular glass. It is not so packed that we can
consume it in our country. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Rhode Island will not be agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, the manu-
facture of the commonest kind of glass is a busi-
ness in which many of my constituents are en-
gaged. From information that I have received
from the manufacturers, I am satisfied that the
amendment, as now proposed by the chairman of
the select committee, to raise the duty upon this
common window glass from J of a cent per square
foot to 1 cent per square foot, is a matter of abso-
lute necessity for the protection of a very large
number of persons who are engaged in that pur-
suit. The amendment that is now proposed to
make the duty 1 cent per square foot, very nearly
approximates to the duty that was placed upon
this article under the tariff of 1842. When the
tariff of 1846 came into operation, there were, in
the first and second congressional districts of my
State, twenty-four glass manufactories in success-
ful operation. Under the present tariff there are
but five. Nineteen manufactories of this descrip-
tion have gone out of existence under the opera-
tion of the present tariff law. I have been in-
formed by gentlemen who are engaged m this
business, who have had personal interviews with
me, thatunless this duty is increased to 1 per cent,
upon this kind of glass, the duty as at present
proposed will kill them, to use their language.
Now, sir, there have been, in the first and sec-
ond congressional districts of the State of New
Jersey, about a thousand operatives employed in
this business; and allowing five persons to the
family, there aie some five thousand people who
are directly interested in the protection of this
article in the first and second congressional dis-
tricts of that State alone. If you reduce the duty
upon this kind of glass, as proposed by the Sen-
ator from California, you absolutely extinguish
the fires of those furnaces; you blacken their
hearths; and you send these operatives wandering
over the State seeking some other kind of employ-
ment for which they are not fitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the question is not now on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from California. That
is not yet in order. The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island,
from the select committee.
Mr. GWIN. That is precisely what I am
speaking about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After that
amendment has been disposed of, if no further
amendment be offered, the question will then be
on inserting what the Senator from California has
sent to the Chair.
Mr. GWIN. I am speaking against the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Now, Mr. President, we all suppose that this is
a tariff for revenue, and not a tariff for protection;
and when gentlemen get up and say, " If you do
not add so much, you turn operatives out of em-
ployment," that is no legitimate argument to
advance to the Senate on the question of raising
revenue. Which rate will bring the most reve-
nue into the Treasury > is the question we should
consider. I undertake to say, when }'ou prohibit
the consumption of an article by levying a duty
so high that it will not be consumed or imported,
you destroy the very object which this bill pro-
fessesto accomplish—theraisingofrevenue This
is a prohibitory duty to some sections of the coun-«
try; and it is proposed to be inserted in the bill,
as the Senator from New Jersey said, expressly
to keep furnaces burning, to keep operatives at
work, and not to put money in the Treasury.
That is the very reason why I am opposed to this
bill; because protection is the object,and revenue
a mere incident. Here is a case in point where
the revenue is not to be considered at all. The
question is, whether the furnaces shall burn, and
glass manufacturers can make move profit under
the bill as I propose to amend it, or as it is pro-
posed to bo amended by the Senator from Rhode
Island. Sir, I am willing to raise revenue to carry
on the Government, but never to lay a duty for
the purpose of prohibiting the introduction of
articles upon which we can collect customs, in
order to benefit certain manufacturing establish-
ments in this country.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not understand this as
the Senator from California does. I am very much
inclined to think that his objection arises from the
suggestions of persons opposed to the whole bill.
I doubt very much whether he has studied the
subject, or cares about it, for he is opposed to a
tariff bill. I am in favor of raising revenue enough
to support the Government; and in laying the du-
ties, I would impose them in such a way as also to
protect the industrial interest of the coun try. With
the great demand on our Treasury now, there is
no difficulty at all in protecting the laborers, me-
chanics, and manufacturers of this country, if we
lay our duties wisely and judiciously. I think this
bill does so in an eminent degree. I think, of all
the tariff bills we have ever had, there has been
more thought given to this than to any which has
ever been before us. While this will give us rev-
enue enough, it will, at the same time, protect the
labor of the country without any harm to any-
body. I am not in favor of making any tariff bill
merely for the purpose of revenue. While R ev-
enue is the first object, 1 am satisfied that here-
after, with the great wants of this country, if
wisdom is used in getting up your bills, our peo-
ple never can want protection.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt whatever as
to this duty on glass increasing the revenue, al-
though I have no way of convincing the Senator
from California; but I will say to him that he has
furnished himself the clearest evidence, to ray
mind, that this rate of duty is too low. He reads
from his correspondent, an importer of the article,
who says that half a cent a square foot is highly
satisfactory. Now, I know that to the manufac-
turers, who understand the business just as well
as the importers, that rate was highly unsatisfac-
tory. They insisted on 1 cent, not only because
it would increase the re venue, but because it would
give them some opportunity of reviving this busi-
ness. After some discussion, and before we had
as thoroughly understood the subject as we ought
to have done, before the appearance of the New
Jersey men here, we agreed on £ cent; but I think
the Senator from Rhode Island was right in pro-
posing 1 cent instead of | cent.
Mr. GWIN. A word m reply to the Senator
from Pennsylvania. My correspondent said that
this was highly satisfactoiy; it was nota prohib-
itory duty; but sec wlrat he does say:
"The rates to be reported by the select committee are
veiy satisfactoiy; they are more Axvorablo to our fc?tate than
to parties on this side, as ourpuneipal consumption is of
small glass. Our objection is not so much to paying an
increased duty "—
He does not object to that;
"as it is to have our business destroyed by prohibition.
The proposed rates will not destroy it."
That is the reason they are satisfactory. He
does not want his business destroyed: he does
not object to an increase of duty paying revenue
to the Government; but he does not want his
business destroyed by a prohibitory duty.
Mr. SIMMONS. In oider to satisfy the Sen-
ator from California and the Senate, that this is a
very low duty, and to show that we are not in-
creasing the duty in proportion to the increase 'n
the size of the glass, to the same extent as huh-
