1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOIB.
0ar
erto, I will read the provision in the act of 1842,
in reference to glass; and the Senator will see how
much the duties were there put up in consequence
01 the increase of the size merely:
" On cylinder or broad window glass, not exceeding ei«ht
by ten inches, 2 cents per square foot; above that, and not
exceeding ten by twelve inches, cents per squaie foot;
above that, and not oxceedmg fourteen by ten inches, 3£
cents per square toot."
Now, we agreed at first to put f cent on glass
ten by fifteen inches—bigger than that which paid
3| cents a square foot under the act of 1842; but
when I came to look at the valuation 1 had in
another bill, I was satisfied there never was a
tariff which, if it was fairly administered, put so
low a rate of duty on glass as this.
Mr. GWIN. The greatest failure of a tariff
that ever was enacted in this country, was the
tariff of 1842. It was a tariff that very soon
brought the Government to such a condition that
it had to be modified; and Congress substituted
for it a tariff the most eminently successful that
we ever had; and that was the tariff of 1846, which
I am sorry was changed. The duties under the
tariff of 1842 would be prohibitory now. The
specific duty exacted under that tariff on many
articles would be now absolutely prohibitory.
My only object in the amendment I propose, is to
bring revenue into the Treasury. I have offered
precisely the very amendment that the Senator
from Rhode Island himself offered in the select
committee, in the very same words; I have not
changed it a particle.
Mr. SIMMONS. Have I not said half a dozen
times that 1 was mistaken in that? We did itat
the suggestion of the Senator from California. 1
hold myself at liberty, when I make a mistake,
to correct it. I have stated that three or four times.
Mr. GWIN. I have never heard the Senator
say it before.
_ Mr. SIMMONS. I have said it three or four
times.
Mr. GWIN. Then how did the bill happen
to be reported in a different manner from that in
which the select committee agreed to it?
Mr. SIMMONS. In a subsequent meeting of
the committee, we changed this dutv to I cent a
pound.
Mr. GWIN. I never heard of such a meeting.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator was notified
every time the committee met; and whenever we
wanted a vote, I had to go into another commit-
tee-room to get him.
Mr. GWIN. No such notification was ever
given me of any subsequent meeting when that
was changed. I never knew anything of it until
it waa brought to my notice by a gentleman in
New York, who informed me that the amend-
ment agreed upon in committee had been changed
in the bill as printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was changed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. BIGLER. Itwas. I ask the Senator from
California if lie says the committee agreed upon
J cent, with the facts before them?
Mr. GWIN. I do not pretend to say that we
had agreed upon it in committee with all the facts
before us. Not knowing ^hat effect it would
have, 1 consulted the parties themselves, and they
said that it was satisfactory; that though the rate
pioposed was much higher than the present one,
they were willing to pay it, but the rate in the
original bill was prohibitory.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt that this is
below the average rate. It is less thanSOper cent.
My calculation is, that it is about 18 per cent. It
is less than the average rate of ail valorem duties.
Mr. GWIN. Those who deal in the article
say it is a prohibitory duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island. I
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays, to j
see whether this is to go by default or not. |
The yeas and nays were ordered. :
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this amendment will j
be accepted. I have listened with very great in- j
terest to the debate; and I am satisfied that, when
the subject shall have been arranged as is pro- !
posed by the Senator from Rhode Island, there ]
will be no effectual prohibition of the manufacture
of any kind of glass. I believe I have been in j
manufacturing establishments of glass.—in a sin-
glo manufactory in England-—in which more glass .
fs manufacture!! than in any twenty or thirty man- :
ufactories in the United States; and I think there
are not many more manufactories in the United
States than that number. All that will come of
this will be, that we shall get cheaper glass and
more revenue; we shall bring the glass-makers of
Belgium, of France, and of Siberia, into competi-
tion with the French and the English; and per-
haps do a little something towards lifting up our
own manufacturers in the competition.
Mr. GWIN. I ask that the amendment be
read just exactly as it is, so that we may under-
stand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will again read the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to the seventeenth section.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
On page 27, line eight, after the word " exceeding," strike
out twelve" and insert "sixteen;" and strike out "eigh-
teen'' and insert " twenty-fourand in line nine, after the
word inches," strike out " two" and insert " one and a
half;-' so as to make the clause read:
Above that, and not exceeding sixteen bv twenty-four
inches, 1£ cent per square foot.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that. I
thought the amendment was in the item above
that, to raise the duty from J to 1 cent a square
foot.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is it.
Mr. BIGLER. The question pending, I think,
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, to strikeout J cent-and insert 1 cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; that was the one I op-
posed. 1 have no recollection, at least, of its being
agreed to.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The recollection of the Chair is confirmed by the
Secretary. The Chair's recollection is distinct
upon it. Any Senator, however, can have the
question raised again by moving a reconsidera-
tion. The question now is on the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island, which has just
been read. *
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendment, raising
Ihe duty from f cent to 1 cent, will be reconsid-
ered. That is the very amendment I am oppos-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been called for and ordered on the
amendment which has just been read.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, the amend
ment which has just been read reduces the duty
imposed in the original bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly it does.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of that.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from California
will not vote against that. What he wants to do,
is to get a chance to try his amendment; and I
think we ought to reconsider the vote that has
been given, in order to enable him to move that
as an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California cannot be
reached until all the amendments that shall be of-
fered to modify the seventeenth section shall be
disposed of, as the amendment of the Senator
from California is to strike out the seventeenth
section and insert other matter.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask, will it be in order, after
we have agreed to these amendments, then to
sti'ilce out the section, and insert the amendment
of the Senator from California?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will
be in order, and not till then.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays, for I am in favor of this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the order for the yeas and nays will be
recalled. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on the amendment which has been
read.
Mr. POLK. As this bill stands before us,and
as I understand it, the bill, as printed, contains
an amendment proposed by the select committee,
which is, to insert "three quarters of" before
" one cent."
Mr. SIMMONS. That has been passed upon.
The three quarters were stricken out, and itnow
stands at 1 cent a pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee, was in
line eleven of the seventeenth section, to strike
out " three," and insert " two;" so as to make
the duty on rough plate, cylinder, or broad win-
dow glass over sixteen by twenty-four inches,
and not exceeding twenty-four by thirty inches,
2 cents per square foot.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in line eleven of the seventeenth
section, to strike out" four," and insert "and not
exceeding in weight one pound per square foot,
three;" so as to make the duty on rough plate,
cylinder, or broad window glass above twenty-
four by thirty inches, and not exceeding in weight
on® P°und per square foot, 3 cents per square foot.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in line sixteen of the seventeenth
section, to insert " rough plate" before'" cylin-
der," and to strike out "plate, rough plate,
crown," after "cylinder;" and in line nineteen to
strike out " at the same rates as herein imposed,"
and insert " of 3 cents per pound."
Mr. SIMMONS. The latter branch of that
amendment should be voted down, and let it go-
over these different sizes precisely in proportion
to the duties on them. We do not wantto strike
out that clause".
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate what he wants stricken out?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is all right enough except
the last item, which ought not to, be stricken out-
It should read: "That all rough plate, cylinder,
or broad glass weighing over one hundred pounds
per one hundred square feet, shall pay an addi-
tional duty on the excess at the same rates as
herein imposed."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island proposes, as the Chair under-
stands him, that the portion of the original bill
which this amendmentof the committee proposes
to strike out, shall stand.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to hearitread.
I want to know how it will stand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will read it. The provis-
ion should read thus: " That all rough plate, cyl-
inder, or broad glass weighing over one hundred
pounds per one hundred square feet, shall pay an
additional duty on the excess at the same rates
as herein imposed."
I want those words to stand, and to strike out
" 3 cents per pound," which the committee pro-
posed to insert; so that this glass will pass ac-
cording to the differentsizes by Beingdouble thick,
as they call it.
Mr. SEWARD. That is right. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert in section seventeen, line twenty:
On ciown, plate, or polished, and on all other window
glass not exceeding ten by fifteen inches, 3$ cent per square
foot; above that, and not exceeding sixteen % twenty-lour
inches, cents per square foot; above that, and not ex-
ceeding twenty-lour by thirty inches, 4 cents per square
foot; ail above'tliat, 5 cents per fequare foot; Provided, that
all crown, plate, or polished, and all other window glass
weighing over one hundred and fifty pounds per one bun-
dled square feet, &luill pay an additional duty on such ex-
cess of 4 cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Is it time for my amendment
now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
having passed through the amendments offered to
the seventeenth section, the question will now be
on the amendment of the Senator from California,
to strike out the whole section as modified, and
to insert what he has forwarded to the Secretary
and had read.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have it read
aSThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The matter
proposed to be inserted will be again read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That from and after the day and yeai aforesaid, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid, on the importation of the
articles hereinafter mentioned, the following duties, that is
to say: first, on rough plate, cylinder, or broad window
glass, not exceeding ten by fifteen inches,£ cent per square
foot; above that, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty-
four inches, 1 cent persquaie foot; above that, and not ex-
ceeding twemv-lour by thirty inches, 2 cents per square
foot; all above that, 3 cents per square foot. On ciown,
plate, or polished, and all other window glass, not exceed-
ing ten by fifteen inches, 1| cent per square foot; above
that, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches,
cents per square foot; above that, and not exceeding twen-
