344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For eleventh of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on sixty*mne thousand dollars,
being the amount allowed in lieu of the reserva-
tion of lands set apart by the third article of Sen-
ate's amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, three thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
Treaty of Fort Laramie
For first of five installments, at the discretion
of the President, in provisions and merchandise,
for payment of annuities, and transportation of
the same, to certain tribes of Indians, seventy
thousand dollars.
Umpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For eighth of twenty installments in blankets,
clothing:, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias, of Umpqua Valley, Ore-
gon.
For seventh of ten installments for the pay of
a blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth arti-
cle treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for the pay
of a physician and purchase of medicines, per
sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November, cigh- j
teen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dol- j
kus. |
For seventh of ten installments for the pay of
a farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the pay
ofu teacher, and purchase of books and station-
ery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand four hundred and fifty dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, per fourth arti-
cle treaty first November, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of thirty installments of interest
on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per cen-
tum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, four thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
Yancton Tribe, of Sioux.
For third of ten installments to be paid to them
or expended for their benefit, commencing with
the year in which they shall remove to and settle
and reside upon their reservation, per fourth
article treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, sixty-five thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamette Valley.
For second of five installments of annuity for
beneficial objects, per second article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
Poncas.
For third of five installments to be paid to them
or expended for their benefit, commencing with
the year m which they shall remove to and settle
upon the tract reserved for their future homes,
per second article treaty twelfth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For third of tun installments for the establish-
ment and maintenance of one or more manual-
labor schools, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand j
dollars.
For third of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in fur- I
nisinng said Indians with such aid and assist- |
ance in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in-
cluding the working of the mill provided for in
the first part of this article, as the Secretary of the
Interior may consider advantageous and neces-
sary for them, per second articlc treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
Dioamish and other Allied Tribes in Washington
Territory,
For second installment on one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, per sixth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twelve
thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and to provide said school with
a suitable instructoror instructors, per fourteenth
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter's
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpcntei, fanner, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For second installment on thirty thousand dol-
lars, under the direction of the President, per
fifth article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school and
for pay of teachers, per eleventh article treaty
thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to provide
the necessary tools therefor, per eleventh article
treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand
six hundred dollars.
Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For second of five installments of fifty thousand
dollars for the erection of buildings on the reserva-
tions, fencing and opening farms, per third arti-
cle treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For second of five installments of eightthousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
second article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all necessary mill fixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines, and hospital stores, books
and stationery for schools, and furniture for the
employes, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the pay
and subsistence of one superintendent of farming
operations, one farmer, two millers, one black-
smith, one wagon and plow maker, one carpen-
ter and joiner, one physician, and two teachers,
per fourth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, eleven thousand two hundred
dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla,
Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum of five hun-
dred dollars per annum, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one.
thousand five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for salary for
the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, perfifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
hundred dollars.
Yakima.
For second of five installments for beneficial
objects, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For the second of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be an
agricultural and industrial school; kecpi-ng in re-
pair school buildings, and for providing suitable
furniture, books and stationery, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one supeiintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine
thousand four hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital,and providing the necessary
medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furniture
therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eigh-
teen hundred andfifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the sal-
ary of such person as the said confederated tribes
and bands of Indians may select to be their head
chief, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
JVez Perce Indians.
For second of five installments for beneficial
objects, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which to be an agri-
cultural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five-, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers'shops,
and for providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming, and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
jn repair saw and fiounng mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June,-eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in lepair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines, and furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty ekventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings for the various employes,
and for providing the necessary furniture there-
for, per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the sal-
ary of such person as the tribe may select to be
