18G1.]
• APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
their head chief, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For second installment on one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars for beneficial objects, at
the discretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty sixteenth July,"eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six thousand dollars.
'For second of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,keep-
ing in repair the buildings, and providing suitable
furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for provid-
ing suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', car-
penters', and wagon and p!owmakers'shops,and
providing the necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of two farmers, two millers, one black-
smith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand four hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various
employes, and furnishing necessary furniture
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead, Koo-
tenay, and Upper Pend d'Orcilles tribes, per fifth
articic treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in Mid-
dle Oregon.
For second of five installments of eight thou-
sand«doilavs for beneficial objects, at the discre-
tion of the President, per second article treaty
twenty-fifth J une, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollais.
"For secord of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth .lime, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for pay and
subsisience of one physician, one sawyer, one
miller, one superintendent of farming operations,
and one school-teacher, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand six hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for payment
of salary to the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article tienty twenty-fifth June, ;
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundied dol- l
lars. |
Molcl Indians. I
For second of ten installments lor keeping in !
repair saw and Homing nulls, and for the pay of
necessary employes, the benefits of which to be
shared alike by all the confederated bands, per
second article treaty twenty-first December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand five
hundred dollais.
For second of five installments (in addition to
the installments specified in the treaty ot twenty-
ninth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
with the Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua,
valley) for furnishing iron and steel and other
materials for the smith and tin shops provided for
in said tieaty, and for the pay of the neccssary
mechanics, per second article treaty twenty-first
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for the pay of a
carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings
and making furniture for said Indians, and to fur-
nish tools in said service, per second article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteenhundredandfifty-
five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual-labor school, for
all necessary materials therefor, and for the sub-
sistence of the pupils, per second article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For second of five installments for the pay of
an additional farmer, per second article treaty
twenty-firstDecember, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, eight hundred dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
Forsecond installment on twenty-live thousand
dollars for beneficial objects, under the direction
of the President, per fourth article treaty first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thou-
sand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth aiticle
treaty first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For sccond of twenty installments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide the
necessary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
Forsecond of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer,
and a physician who shall furnish medicine for
the sick, per tenth article treaty fir^t July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six
hundred dollars.
S'Klallams
For second installment on sixty thousand dol-
lars, under the dhection of the President, per fifth
article treaty twenty-si xth January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five thousand dollais.
For second of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay of suitable teachers, per eleventh articic
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, firmer, and
a physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, pei eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
Indian Service in Neiv Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in New Mexico, presents of goods,
agricultural implements,and other useful articles,
and to assist them to Joeute in permanent abodes,
and sustain themselves by the pursuit of civilized
life, to he expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
Indian Service in the District of Country leased from
the Chnrtaws.
For the Indians lately residing in Texas:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock; pay
of necessary employes; purchase of clothing,
medicine, iron, and steel; establishment and main-
tenance of school??, and building houses fui the
Indians lately residing in Texas, in lieu of those
abandoned in that State, to be expended under the
direction of the Secret.u y of the Interior, twenty-
two thousand eight hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars.
For the Wichitas and other affiliated bands:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing said bands with agricultural, imple-
ments and stock, pay of necessary employes, pur-
chase of clothing, medicines,iron and steel, estab-
lishmcntand mamtenanceof schools, and building
agency houses, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, thirty-seven
thousand eight hundred dollar*.
v Indian Service in California.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in California, including traveling ex-
penses of the superintending agents, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the>removal and
subsistence of Indians in California to reserva-
tions in that State, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of Pawnee, Ponca, and
Yancton Sioux annuity, goods, and provisions,
ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and Mich-
igan, twenty thousand three hundred and fifty
dollars and sixty-two cents.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfeet Indians for the
year, seventeen thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Chippewas of Lake Superior, fivo
thousand seven hundred and sixty>two dollars
and sixty-three cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Chippewas of the Mississippi, three
thousand eight hundred and eighty-six dollars
and seventy-five cents.
For the compensation of five extra clcrks em-
ployed in the Indian office under the act of fifth
August,eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and under
appropriations made from year to year, seven
thousand dollars.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry out the regulations prescribed to give effect
to the seventh section of the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty
lands to Indians, fourteen hundred dollars.
For compensation of two extra clerks in the
Indian officc, employed to carry out the treaty
with the Chickasaws m the adjustment of their
claims, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For survey of the Ponca Reserve, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For compensation of five supervisors for the
reservations in California, to instruct the Indians
in husbandry, at one thousand eight hundred
dollars cach, per act nineteenth June, eighteen
hundred and sixty, making nine thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of twenty laborers, to aid
each of the surpcrvisors, (which compensation
not to exceed fifty dollars per month,) per act
nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and sixty,
twelve thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians m Oregon and Washing-
ton Territory, (not parties to any treaty,) and
for pay of necessary employes, fifty thousand
dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, including insurance and transportation of
annuities, goods and presents, (where no special
provision therefor is made by treaties,) and office
and traveling expenses of the superintendent,
agents, and sub-agents, thirty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For payment to the Sisseeton and Wah-pa-ton
bands of the Dakota/* or Sioux Indians, for their
reservation on the Minnesota river, m the State
of Minnesota, containing five hundred and sixty-
nme thousand six hundied acres, at thirty cents
per acre, one hundred and seventy thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars: Provided, That the
said sum may be paid, at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in bonds of the United
States authorized by law at the present session of
Congi ess.
For payment to the Med-a-wa-kan-ton and
Wah-pa-koo-ta bands of the Dakota or Sioux
Indians, for their reservation on the Minnesota
river, in the State of Minnesota, containing three
hundred and twenty thousand acres, at thirty
