346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the. United States.
cents per acre, ninty-six thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the said sum may be paid, at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, in bonds
of the United States authorized by law at the
present session of Congress.
For general incidental expenses of the Indians
in the Territory of Utah on reservations therein
remote from emigrant routes, purchase of agri-
cultural implements and stock cattle, and for the
erection of houses, &c., including the necessary
traveling expenses of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, agents, clerk hire, &c., forty-five
thousand dollars.
For salary of one superintending agent for the
northern district of the Indian service in Cali-
fornia from twenty-eighth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty,when he entered onhis duties,to
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, per act of nineteenth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, at three thousand six hundred
dollars per annum, three thousand six hundred
and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For salary of one superintending agent for the
southern district of the Indian service in Califor-
nia, from nineteenth September,eighteen hundred
and sixty, when lie entered on his duties, to thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, at
three thousand six hundred dollars per annum,
per act of nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty, two thousand five hundred and twelve dol-
lars and eight cents.
For salaries of five supervisors to the Indian
reservations in California to instruct the Indians
in husbandry, at eighteen hundred dollars per
annum each, for the half year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, per act of
nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and sixty, four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to twenty laborers for the
five reservations in California, at fifty dollars per
month, for the half year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, per act nine-
teenth June, eighteen hundred and sixty, six thou-
sand dollars.
For salary for an additional agent for the Indian
service in New Mexico, from twenty-second Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and sixty, when lie exe-
cuted his official bond, to thirtieth J unc, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, per act of twenty-fifth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty, at fifteen hun-
dred dollais per annum, twelve hundred and
eighty-nine dollars and ninety cents.
For salary for an agent to the Ponca Indians,
from the twenty-first. August, eighteen hundred
and sixty, when he executed his official bond, to
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
at fifteen hundred dollars per annum, per act
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and sixty,
twelve hundred and ninety-six dollars and nine-
teen cents.
For salary for an agent to the Pawnees, from
eighteenth October, eighteen hundred and sixty,
when he executed ins official bond, to thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, at fifteen
hundred dollars per annum, per act of twenty-fifth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty, one thousand
and fifty-five dollars and seventy cents.
For salary for an agent to the Yancton Sioux,
for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, per fifteenth article
of treaty of nineteenth Apul, eighteen hundred
arid fifty-eight, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars. j
For payment for such permanent improvements '
as may haw been made by claimants to land on ;
the reserve named uj the second article of treaty
of tenth September, eighteen hundied and fifty- j
three, with the Rogue River Indians, per second \
and third articles of said treaty, two thousand j
dollars. !
For arrears of interest due first January, eigh- 1
teen hundred and sixty-one, on seventy thousand j
dollars, five per centum bonds of the State of In- J
diana, seven thousand dollars. j
For expenses attending the negotiation of the I
treaties of nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and !
fifty-eight, with the lower and upper Sioux In- j
dians, per tenth articles of said treaties, fifteen !
thousand^eight hundred and sixty-five dollars and j
seventy-six cents, or so much thereof as may be \
necessary for the expenses actually incurred. I
For payment to the Choctaw nation or tribe of I
Indians, on account of their claim under the elev-
enth and twelfth articles of the treaty with said
nation or tribe made the twenty-second of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, the sum of five
hundred thousand dollars; two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars of which sum shall be paid in
money; and for the residue, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause to be issued to the proper
authorities of the nation or tribe, on their requi-
sition, bonds of the United States, authorized by
law at the present session of Congress: Provided,
That in the future adjustment of the claim of the
Choctaws, under the treaty aforesaid, the said
sum shall be charged against the said Indians.
Sec. &. Andbe it further enacted, That the sal-
ary of the agent for tho Wichitas and other In-
dians in the country leased by the Choctaws to
the United States, shall be fifteen hundred dollars
per annum from and after the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That for the
relief of destitute Indians, and with the view of
preventing suffering and starvation among the
Indian tribes 4vho have failed in raising crops
fiom the drought of last summer, there be appro-
priated the sum of fifty thousand dollars, and
provided that the amount shall be expended, if
necessary, within the present fiscal year.
Approved, March 2, 1861
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act to provide a tempo-
rary Government for the Territory of Dakota,
and to create the Office of Surveyor General
therein.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that part of the territory of the
United States included within the following limits,
namely: commencing at a point in the main chan-
nel of the Red River of the North, where the
forty-ninth degree of north latitude crosses the
same; thence up the main channel of the same,
and along the boundary of the State of Minnesota,
to Big Stone Lake; thence along the boundary hue
of the said State of Minnesota to the Iowa line;
thence along the boundary line of the State of
Iowa to the point of intersection between tho Kig
Sioux and Missouri rivers; thence up the Mis-
so-iui, and along the boundary line of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, to the mouth of the Niobrara
or Running Water river; thence following up the
same, in the middle of the main channel thereof,
to the mouth of the Keha Paha or Turtle Hill
river; thence up said river to the forty-third par-
allel of north latitude; thence due west to the
presentboundaryof the Territory of Washington; j
thence along the boundary line of Washington
Territory, to the forty-ninth degree of north lati-
tude; thence east, along said forty-ninth degree
of north latitude, to the place of beginning, be,
and tho same is hereby, organized into a tempo-
rary government, by the name of the Territory of
Dakota: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to impair the rights of
person or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory, so long as such rights shall
remain unextinguished by treaty between the
United States and such Indians, or to include any
territory which, by treaty with any Indian tribe,
is not, without the consent of said tribe, to be in-
cluded within the territorial limits or jurisdiction
of any State or Territory; hut all such territory
shall be excepted out of the boundaries and con-
stitute no part of the Territory of Dakota, until
said tribe shall signify their assent to the Presi-
dent of the United States to be included within
the said Territory, or fo affect the authority of
the Government of the United States to make
any regulations respecting such Indians, their
lauds, property, or other rights, by treaty, law,
or otherwise, which it would have been compe-
tent for the Government to make if this act had
never passed: Provided further, That nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to inhibit
the Government of the United States from divid-
ing said Territory into two or more Territories,
in such manner and at such times as Congress
shall deem convenient and proper, or from attach-
ing any portion thereof to any other Territory or
State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of Dakota, shall be vested in a governor,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The governor shall reside within
said Territory, shall be commander-in-chief of
the militia thereof, shall perform the duties and
receive the emoluments of superintendent of In-
dian affairs, and shall approve all laws passed by
the Legislative Assembly before they shall take
effect; he may grant pardons for offenses against
the laws of said Territory, and reprieves for of-
fenses against the laws of the United States until
the decision of the President can be made known
thereon; he shall commission all officers who
shall be appointed to office under the laws of said
Territory, and shall take care that the laws, be
faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secietary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserve all the
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and pro-
ceedings of the governor in his executive depart-
ment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and
one copy of the executive proceedings, on or be-
fore the first day of December in each year, to the
President of the United States, and, at the same
time, two copies of the laws to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives and the President of
the Senate, for the use of Congress; and in case
of the death, removal, or resignation, or other
necessary absence of the governor from the Ter-
ritory, the secretary shall have, and he is hereby
authorized and required, to execute and perform
all the powers and duties of the governor during
such vacancy or necessary absence, or until an-
other governor shall be duly appointed to fill such
vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power and authority of said Territory shall
be vested m the governor and a Legislative As-
sembly. The Legislative Assembly shall consist
of a council and house of representatives. The
council shall consist of nine members, which may
be increased to thirteen, having the qualifications
of voters as hereinafter prescribed, whose term of
service shall continue two years. The house of
representatives shall consist of thirteen members,
which may be increased to twenty-six, possess-
ing the same qualifications as prescribed for mem-
bers of the council, and whose term of service shall
continue one year. An apportionment shall be
made, as nearly equal as practicable, among the
several counties or districts for the election of the
council and house of representatives, giving to
each section of the Territory representation in the
ratio of its population (Indiansexcepted)as nearly
as may be; and the members of the council and
of the house of representatives shall reside in,and
be the inhabitants of, the district for which they
maybe elected, respectively. Previous to the first
election, the governor shall cause a census or enu-
meration of the inhabitants of the several counties
and districts of the Territory to be taken; and the
firstelcction shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, as the governor
shall appointand direct; and he shall, at the same
time, declare the number of the members of the
council and house of representatives to which each
of tho counties or districts shall be entitled under
this act. The number of persons authorized to
be elected, having the highest number of votes in
each of said council districts, for members of the
council, shall be declared by the governor to be
duly elected to the council; and the person or per-
sons authorized to be clected having the greatest
number of votes for the house of representatives,
equal to the number to which each county or
district shall be entitled, shall be declared by the
governor"to be elected members of the house of
representatives: Provided, That m case of a tie
between two or more persons voted for, the gov-
ernor shall order a new election, to supply the
vacancy made by such tie. And the persons thus
elected to the Legislative Assembly shall meet at
such place and on such day as the governor shall
appoint; but thereafter, the time, place, and man-
ner of holding and conducting all elections by the
