980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. MASON. I think it is high time to ad-
journ. ["Oh, no!"] I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I hope we shall go through
the amendments of the committee.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes eleven; noes not counted.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, perhaps it may
not be in order, but I hope the Senate will give
its permission to order to be printed, that we
may have it to-morrow, an amendment which I
propose to offer to this bill as a substitute for it.
I ask that an order be made for its printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will receive the motion of.the
Senator from Oregon; and the question is on
printing the proposed amendment which he of-
fers
The motion was agreed to
The next amendment was to strike out the
thirtieth section of the bill, which the Secretary
proceeded to read.
Mr. SEWARD. As we are reaching an im-
portant question, and it is a very late hour of the
day, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This motion
is not a debatable one. •
The motion'was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 12, noes 26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading of the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. LATHAM. I will suggest that the Clerk
merely read the amendment of the committee,
and not the portion proposed to be stricken out.
The bill is before every Senator, and he can see
it for himself
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendment, so far as it proposes to strike
out a certain section, will be dispensed with by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I want to hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the thirtieth
section, in the following words:
" Tliat from and after the day and year aforesaid, any
and all goods, wares, or merchandise imported from any
foreign countries, and entered for warehousing, or depos-
ited m the public stoies in consequence of the duties not
being paid, fchail be so entered or deposited, subject to the
following condition?, to wit: TJiat the same shall be with-
drawn from the warehouse or public stores within thirty
days from the time and date of the entrv, for domestic con-
sumption, and the duties thereon shall be duly paid in cash
at the time of such withdrawal, or be thereafter prohibited
from being withdrawn, except for the purpose of exporta-
tion beyond the limits of the United States; and in no case
rImIJ any good-*, wares, 01 merchandise, as aforesaid, so
fmpoited and enteied and deposited for warehousing, be
entitled or permitted to be entered for domestic consump-
tion, unless the «<ame )-./-• « .m «;o withdiawn within the
time heretofore mentioned: Provided, That goods, waie>,
or mercliandisewlnch shall ha\e been withdrawn as afore-
said. and which shall have been expoited and landed be-
yonn the J unit* of the United States, may be from thence
duly reimported in the same manner provided for in the
first instance: Provided aho, That this section shall not
apply to goods, wares, and merchandise imported fiom be-
yond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn until the 1st of
January, 186i: Provided further, That all acts or parts of
acts relating to the subject-matter herein embraced, and
inconsistent therewith, are hereby repealed.5'
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That on all goods, ware*, and merchandise remaining on
deposit in warehouse or public stores on the 1st day of
July, A. JD. 1831, the dunes shall be paid within ninety
day-, thereafter, and on all deposited after the said 1st day
of Juiy, the duties shall be paid within ninety days from
the time of deposit. The said goods on which the duties
have been paid may be, at any tune, withdrawn for con-
sumption, and maybe taken out for expoitation beyond
the limits of the United States, at any time within six
months from the time of the payment of duties thereon;
and, on being so exported, the duties thereon shall be re-
tunded, deducting 1 per centum ; but no duties shall be
refunded on goods, wares, or merchandise withdrawn more
than six months alter the time the duties were p^id thereon,
Mr. SEWARD. Is the question on striking
out or inserting ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a single
proposition to strike out and insert. The Chair
will further state that the original matter pro-
posed to be stricken out is first open to amend-
ment, if any member desires to amend it; and
also the matter to be inserted is open to modifi-
cation.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the question be taken
on striking out,
Mr. HALE. It is not divisible.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from New York
desires to offer an amendment, he should offer it
now; for, if the Senate strike outand insert, it is
not amendable, if the Senate agree to it in that
form. ,
Mr. SEWARD. Let the question first be taken
on striking out; that will answer my purpose.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator calls for a division ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. He cannof do that. The only
way is to perfect the text.
Mr. SEWARD. I will move to amend the
amendment proposed bythe committee in thethir-
ty-second line, page 59. by striking out " ninety
days,"and inserting in lieu thereof " two years. '
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose the Senator in-
tends to insert " two years" wherever the words
"ninety days" occur?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. This is a very important
amendment, and upon it I suppose we shall hear
the views of Senators; but it is late in the day. I
am willing, if Senators desire it, that the other
amendments from the committee be passed upon;
but as this is an amendment which involves the
whole warehousing system, I suppose it will
lead to some discussion, and we shail hardly get
through with it this evening; and therefore I rose
to propose an adjournment. I suppose this will
not be pressed to a vote to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to my
friend and to others that we are now within a
fortnight of the time of adjournment, and we have
a great deal of important matter to be acted upon—
some of the appropriation bills and other import-
ant bills; and if we are to adjourn while this sub-
ject is under consideration, the moment a ques-
tion comes up that will lead to debate at half past
four o'clock, we shall not finish business that
must be done at this session,and gentlemen may
make up their minds to it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 understand the Senatorfrom
New York has moved to amend the bill by strik-
ing out " ninety days," in the thirty-second line,
and inserting " two years." I doubt very much
whether we had better touch this warehousing
system atalljbutif we do,I think we ought to be
very liberal in regard to it. The committee have
proposed ninety days. I am willing to agree to
an amendment to this effect: to give one instead
of two years for paying the duties; and in regard
to the time goods might stay m the warehouse, to
strike out six months and insert two years; so
that the duties would have to be paid in one year,
and the goods might remain in the warehouse two
years, and be reexported if they chose after one
year, and the duties be paid to them, less 1 per
cent., as is proposed by this bill. I think that
would be liberal enough. However, I shall vote
to strike it all out, if it is necessary to do it.
Mr. SEWARD. If I should succeed in get-
ting this amendment of the committee amended,
I shall stili be against the amendment itself, and
in favor of retaining the warehousing system just
as it is. If I should fail in that, I will offer this
amendment to modify tins provision as favorably
as possible. The whole value, the whole utility
of the warehousing system, consists in the priv-
ilege of importing goods and storing them for a
considerable period of time, so that a merchant
may take advantage of the condition of trade in
different parts of the country and different parts
of the world, and having his goods in store, may,
at any time within one, two, or three years, draw
them out on paying the duties to the Government,
and then send them into market. It is no priv-
ilege to be able to keep the goods in store when
the duties have been paid. Whenever the mer-
chant has paid his duties on the goods, he wants
to draw them out in order to sell. Therefore it
is that I do not consider what is offered here—
ninety days—as any valuable extension of the
privilege of the occupation of the warehouse, and
that nothing else than a period of two years will
be adequate to tiie objects which the merchant has
in view. I can see but one objection to permit-
ting these goods to remain, and the duties unpaid
for so long atime;1tnd that is, that when this sys-
tem first comes into operation, there will not be a
realization of the duties, so that the Treasury will
lose the advantage of an immediate supply; but
the bill goes into operation as a system, and after
the expiration of one or two years, the Govern-
ment realizes all the revenues from the bill that it
would realize if the term was only one month or
ninety days. It is only a delay. The favor of
the Government, or the forbearance of the Gov-
ernment, will increase the revenue by increasing
the amount of importations. Therefore it is that
I must stand on the amendment which I have
proposed to insert two years in lieu of ninety-
days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move to amend
that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not. It
is an amendment to an amendment. It is now in
the third degree, and cannot be amended.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I desire to
say a word in relation to this provision in the bill.
If the amendment of the committee is adopted,
the constituency I represent will be greater suf-
ferers than probably any other portion of this
country; and for this reason: we are so far from
the place of exportation that merchants there can
never regulate, by any conceivable calculation,
the questions of supply and demand. Under the
present warehousing system, the merchant may
send on his bill for goods to Europe; he may get
the goods; and when they arrive, if, in consequence
of the plethoric state of the market, he is unable
to sell, he has the privilege of putting them into
the warehouses, and can take them out, and pay
duties on them according to demand. If you
compel the merchants of California to pay the
duties at the expiration of ninety days, it will
operate hard in both ways. If there is no de-
mand for the goods, and there is no opportunity
of exportation, then the merchant, of course, has
to pay the duties, and lay out of his money, and
have the goods on his hands. If he tries to reg-
ulate, on the other hand, the question of supply
and demand, directly we will find that there will
not be a sufficient quantity of goods in market to
suit the demands of the people; and the consumers
themselves will be the sufferers; so that it is a
disadvantage to the merchants on one side of the
case, and to the consumer upon the other.
Senators will recollect that it takes six months
for us to get goods from Bordeaux, Liverpool,
Havre, and other places of exportation; and it
takes from ninety days to four months to get
goods coming even from New York around the
Horn. I have no hesitation, therefore, in saying
that, if this bill passes, compelling the merchants
to withdraw the goods in ninety days, or pay the
duties, it will be of inconceivable injury to all the
trade, and all the commerce of California; and be
so oppressive, that there will be one general cry
from all the merchants of that country for its im-
mediate repeal. I trust that the friends of this
measure will let the warehousing system stand as
it is—speaking, as I do, for those who, as I have
stated, will be the greatest sufferers by any change.
Mr. CAMERON. My rule in life is never to
take advice from my opponents. If the Senator
from California intended to vote for this bill, I
might be inclined to listen to him; but be is going
to oppose it, no matter what condition the bill
may be in, and therefore I think all he says in
relation to the bill is wrong. Gentlemen on the
other side of the House are continually talking
against protection. This warehousing system is
protection for the merchants, and especially for
the foreign merchants. I will make no speech on
the subject now, but I will mention this simple
fact: that if the duty was paid to-day on the goods
now in bond in the different warehouses of the Uni-
ted States, we should have in our Treasury about
§10,000,000. Those §10,000,000 would relieve us
from all trouble. We are now paying 12 or 14
per cent, for the use of money which is justly due
to us from these goods. Senators talk against
giving protection to the manufacturer and the la-
borer; but when we come to this protection to
the merchant, nothing is said about it. My im-
pression is, that this thing is more to the advant-
age of the owners of the warehouses in New York
than it is to any otlifr people. Certainly the
legitimate merchants of New York, the men born,
raised, and educated here, whose capital belongs
to this country, have no benefit from if, but it is
the foreign merchant, or the agent of the foreign
manufacturer, who is benefited by it. That is
the whole history of the warehouses.
Senators talk about other countries protecting
