1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
commerce by the warehousing system; but tliey
forget that in no country in the world are the for-
eign products allowed to stay in bond, except so
far as they add to the benefit of the manufacturer
of the country in which they are. That is the
system in England. Their whole warehousing
system is for the benefit of the manufacturers of
Great Britain. Ours is for the benefitof the manu-
facturers of foreign countries. I said I would not
make an extended speech on this subject, and I
will not; but I desired to state this fact: that if we
had the money now due us on the goods in ware-
houses, we should not be peddling our notes and
bonds about the country.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me, I desire to ask him if he sup-
poses this amount of merchandise would be in
bond now, but for our present system?
Mr. CAMERON. I have a right to expect it
would; for it is there, brought in for the very pur-
pose of being stored there by persons abroad, and
I take it for granted it would be there; but at all
events, it is there.
Mr. POWELL. I will suggest that the mer-
chants abroad never would have put it there, if
they had to pay the duty down.
Mr. CAMERON. That is a supposition of the
Senator.
Mr. POWELL. The reason why they leave
it there, is because they have the privilege of keep-
ing it there without charge.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania says he has made it a habit not to take the
advice of his opponents. On a question of this
kind, I think we ought to consider the opinions
of everybody. We have a bill here that some
members in the Senate, and some persons in the
country, regard as somewhat protective, some-
what to the advantage of the productive interests
of our country. I do not think we ought to put
against this bill the interests—or the prejudice,
if you choose to call it so—of the shipping and the
commercial interests of the country. Sir, if this
bill should pass as it comes to us from the com-
mittee, in my judgment, it will array against it the
strongest hostility of the shipping interests and
commercial men of the country. I think those who
are in favor of the bill ought not to hazard the
measure, in the judgment of the country, by thus
arraying against it great and powerful interests.
Now, sir, as to my own State, I have no doubt
at all it would be better for our manufacturing and
mechanical interests, to a considerable extent, to
go m favor of' this bill as it comes from the com-
mittee. But we have largo commercial interests
and a large shipping interest. Some portions of
our people believe that this bill, as it now stands,
is against their interests. Many of the workers
in iron, in vaiious mechanical trades, and per-
sons engaged in our shipping interests, believe that
this bill is against their interests. There is in my
State, to-day, and there is in New England, and
there is in the country, a large portion of the com-
munity that would prefer to rest under the tariff
act of 1857.
I think the fiiends of this measure ought to
extend this time at least to one year, and I shall
so vote. I shall vote against the proposition of
the Senator from New York, increasing it to two
years, and I - vote for one year, as I believe
that to be a •>*" onable time. ^1 know that is the
opinion of many persons in New York and Bos-
ton, importers and business men engaged in the
shipping interest. If that should be voted down,
I shall vote to strike out the whole section, and
leave the warehousing system precisely and ex-
actly as it now is. I shall do it because I believe
the permanent interests of the whole country will
be promoted by so doing. Pass this bill, strike
out this warehousing system, and, in my judg-
ment, you will array against this mcasurea deep-
seated hostility that will be felt hereafter m the
country. I do not think we ought to incur that
hostility if it can be avoided.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is useless
to live at all, if one docs not learn something in
life. My first acquaintance with the subject of
tariffs may be said to have begun some fourteen
yeais ago, when the warehousing system was,
al'tei a very extended debote in Congress and in
the country, adopted against a very formidable
opposiiion. I tlnbk it is tourteen years ago; and
if there has been any policy in the country which
has vindicated itself by its entire success, by its
effect in augmenting the revenues of the country,
by its effect in augmenting the commerce, the
trade of the country at home and abroad—ay, and
by its effect m increasing the manufacturing of
the country and the mining of the country, it is
this warehousing system. I do not see in it what
the Senator from Pennsylvania sees—a conflict
between the warehousing system and the manu-
facturing system. If there were, I should have
to choose between two interests, both of which
I favor.
The effect of the warehousing system is simply
this: to increase the commerce of the country;
but whenever commerce is increased, there must
be a corresponding increase in the country of the
materials, or the subject of commerce. The ware-
housing system enables the merchant to bring in
foreign goods and wares, and to hold them ready
for all demands of the market of all parts of this
extended country, of all parts of this great conti-
nent, and of the continent of Asia, with which we
are trading.
These articles, if thus brought here and held,
lead to a domestic trade throughout the country.
Foreign trade in such articles being established,
then it follows, as the American manufacturer
goes into this increased and extended market, and
biings his fabrics of the same character into the
common stock, while manufacture is stimulated
and the revenues increase, the consumer in any
part of the world gets the production so much
cheaper. That, I think, is the operation of the
whole system. I shall think it an injury to the
manufactures of the country to strike down the
commerce of San Francisco and the commerce of
New York and the commerce of New Orleans. I
believe it may be true, that by our revenue sys-
tem wc may favor some foreign manufacturers at
the cost of our own. It is there that I take my
departure from gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber who are opposed strictly to every prin-
ciple of protection in a revenue bill. In such a
case, I am willing, as I have done throughout, to
increase the duties upon the foreign manufacture
to that extent which will bring into action the
wheels of our own industry, and, through the
agricultural and mineral interests, the raw mate-
rial for manufacture.
I thank the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts for his support upon this bill of this measure
of mine, upon the principle of its expediency and
wisdom. It is a great change, a very considerable
change, in the policy of the country. It occurs
at a peculiar time, under peculiar circumstances.
I think it is wise to advance, and with that view,
I have not moved to diminish a single duty pro-
posed by the committee who have reported this
bill—not one. Although solicited by my constit-
uents, who are merchants and importers, 1 have
riot moved for the reduction of the duty upon a
single article. As the bill stands, it is a very large
advance in the way of strengthening our own pro-
ductions, agricultural and manufacturing. 1 think
it is enough, without striking a blow at the most
effective part of our system of commerce; and I
beg of the Senate to consider, that in commerce
is involved also another interest, which, in itself
is a manufacturing one—that is, the interest ill
navigation. It is not wise to haste too fast in a
matter of this kind.
As I desire to bring the question to a test of
principle, I will, with the leave of the Senate,
change my amendment, and make the term three
years instead of two years, and that will bring us
back to the real question in issue: whether we shall
not leave the warehousing system as it stands. I
propose to so leave it
Mr. SIMMONS. I think that is a better form
in which to put the question, because to reduce it
from three to two years is practically the same
thing. The committee have considered this sub-
ject. The bill, us it came from the Ho'usc, only
"allowed one month. We considered the peculiar
condition of the country, as well as the condition
of the Treasury; and I will suggest to the Senate
the considerations which presented themselves to
the committee. They were not unmindful of the
convenience of merchants, and especially of the
convenience of California and distant countries.
There was before this committee—at least there
was before me, and I invited some of the com-
mittee to Ivnr u, and I believe they were there
part of the time—this committee from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York. They were very
favorable to the alteration the committee had
made We had extended it. In the first plaec,
we extended the time for paying the duty at all
to next July, five months from the time we were
considering it; then there are three ttionth^given'
after that before a dime is to be paid, thatiseight
months from the 1st of February; and then* six
months after that to reship "the good® and draw
the money back. We did that, because weiiid. ilot
desire to inconvenience merchants who have al-
ready goods in warehouse, especially in the-pres-
ent state of the market. I intended to suggest to
the Senator from California, if he was favorable
to the bill, by the consent of some members of the
committee, that we would extend this after the
1st of July to four months, and after the duties
were paid, eightmonths thereafter; and that is the
provision that was originally fixed in the ware-
house system—one year.
The Senator from New York has told all the
favorable things to be said on one side of this
question, without considering or seeming to have
dreamed that there was another side., I want to
state both sides. I think it will be a great con-
venience to the merchants to have this time ex-
tended further than we have extended it, so far
simply as they would save the interest on the
money that they would have to pay into the
Treasury, and sometimes it would be at high
rates; and I believe it is generally at high rates
on the Pacific coast. For that reason, I have a
great deal stronger desire to accommodate the
Pacific coast than I have these overgrown cities
on this side; but at the same time, I have a duty
to do, and I think the committee considered that
we had something to do, to protect the Treasury
of the United States. The goods in warehouse
accumulate precisely at the time when our neces-
sities are most pressing. Now, 1 will read the
amount of goods in warehouse in ordinary times.
For three years, in ordinary times, they did not
vary $200,000 from $22,000,000. This duty was
changed in 1857, and by the 1st of July, (I do
not know how much goods there had been there
before, for i had not examined it,) there were
§56,000,000 in warehouse on which there should
be paid $16,906,000 duties. Those duties were
reckoned upon the tariff after it was modified; and
when I came to make the calculation on the whole
$56,487,000 at 30 per cent, duty on the liquor, it -
fell short $10,000 of the dyties required upon
those goods." There must have been a depreda-
tion upon the revenue amounting to $10,000.
The whole amount of goods in warehouse, the
whole $56,000,000, was liquor—brandies, spirits,
and wines. That was the condition of it on the
1st of July, 1857. They are stored therefor three
years; and we are without the duties. The inter-
est on those duties is ft] ,000,00Qayear, and more,
too. We lay without the duty when it was 100
per cent.; and these people leave their liquors
there and age them, and get them ready for mar-
ket; and, by the time they get aged, in about
three years, ihey fetch double what they would
pay at first, and it is all at the expense of the
Treasury. 1 do not think this Government's in
a condition to lend these liquor dealers half the
capital on which they carry on their business,
and then turn around and hire it from them at 3
per cent, a month, and be paid in their own
money, as has been often done this winter. Iam
willing to do anything reasonable. I do not want
to distress merchants or to cripple commerce. I
think commerce is one of the leading interests of
the country; but I never in my life saw so exact-
ing a set of men as these commercial men, and es-
pecially these German Jews. [Laughter.] They
are not satisfied with anything. If you should
give them three years, they would claim five, if
it took that time to age their liquor.
Now, Mr. President, I would do anything in
reason for the convenience of commerce. We have
put off the collection of the duty for six months,
although we needed the money, and although
we were paying 12 per cent, for it, rather than
disturb the markets of the country, or to put any-
body on uneasy conditions about paying this
duty. I wanted these merchants to have two sea-
sons to take these goods out; the present spring
season to dispose of what they could, and then to
go into the full trade and dispose of the rest; be-
cause here is a revulsion in trade, and we have so
provided. I am perfectly willing now, with the
consent of the committee, more to accommodate
the Pacific coast than anything else, to make it
four months after the 1st of Juiy, before they shall
pay a dollar, and then give them eight months
