1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
347
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
people, and the apportioning the representation
m the several counties or districts to the council
and house of representatives, according to the
population, shall be prescribed by law, as well as
the day of the commencement of the regular ses-
sionsofthe Legislative Assembly: Provided, That
no one sessionshallexceed the term offorty days,
except the first, which may be extended to sixty
days, but no longer.
-Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant of the United States
above the age of twenty-one years, who shall
have been a residentof said Territory at the time
of the passage of this act, shall be entitled to vote
at the first election, and shall be eligible to any
office within the said Territory; but the qualifica-
tions of voters and of holding office at all subse-
quent elections shall be such as shall be prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the
right of sulfrage and of holding office shall be ex-
ercised only by citizens of the United States and
those wiio shall have declared on oath theirinten-
tion to become such, and shall have taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
Sec. 6. And beit further enacted, That tho legis-
lative power of the Territory shall extend to nil
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property ofresidents; norshallany
law be passed impairing the rights of private prop-
erty; nor shall any discrimination be made in
taxing different kinds of property; but all prop-
erty subject to taxation shall be in proportion to
the value of the property taxed.
Sec.7. tfind be it further enacted, Thatalltown-
ship,district, and county officers, not herein other-
wisc provided for, shall be appointed or elected,
as the case may be, in such manner as shall be
Erovided by the governor and Legislative Assem-
ly of the Territory. The governor shall nom-
inate and, by and with the advice and consent
of the legislative council, appoint all officers not
herein otherwise provided for; and, in the first
instance, the governor alone may appoint all said
officers, who shall ho!d their offices until the end
of the first session of the Legislative Assembly,
and shall lay off the necessary districts for mem-
bers of the council and house of representatives,
and all other officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be
appointed to any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased, while he was a mem-
ber, during the term for which he was elected, and
for one year after the expiration of such term;
and no person holding a commission or appoint-
ment under the United States, except postmas-
ters, shall be a member of the Legislative Assem-
bly, or shall hold any office under the government
of said Territory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judi-
cial power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts,probate courts, and
injustices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate jus-
tices, any two ofwhom shall constitute a quorum,
and who shall hold a term at the seat of govern-
ment of said Territory annually, and they shall
hold their offices during the period of four years.
The said Territory shall be divided into three
judicial districts, and a district court shall be held
"in each of said districts by one of the justices of
the supreme court, at such time and place as may
be prescribed by law; and the said judges shall,
after their appointments, respectively, reside in
the districts which shall be assigned them. The
jurisdiction of the several courts herein provided
for, both appellate and original, and that of the
pro hate courts and of the justices of the peace,
shall be as limited by law: Provided, That jus-
tices of the peace shall not have jurisdiction of
any matter in controversy when the title or bound-
aries of land may be in dispute,orwhere thedebt
or sum claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars;
and the said supreme and district courts, respect-
ively, shall possess chancery as well as common
law jurisdiction, and authority for redress of all
wrongs committed against t&e Constitution or
laws of the United States, or of the Territory,
affecting persons or property. Each district court,
or the judge thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who
shall also be the register in chancery, and shall
keep his office at the place where the court may
be held. Writs of error, bills of exception, and
appeals, shall be allowed in all cases from the
final decisions of said district courts to the supreme
court,undersuch regulationsasmay beprescribed
by law; but in no case removed to the supreme
court shall tried by jury be allowed in said court.
The supreme court, or tho justices thereof, shall
oppoint its own clerk, and every clerk shall hold
his office at the pleasure of the court for which
he shall have been appointed. Writs of error and
appeals from the final decisions of said supreme
court shall be allowed, and may be taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the same
manner and under the same regulations as from
the circuit courts of thcUnited States, where the
value of the property, or the amount in contro-
versy, to be ascertained by the oath or affirma-
tion of either party, or other competent witness,
shall exceed one thousand dollars; and each of
the said district courts shall have and exorcise
the same jurisdiction, in all cases arising under
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
as is vested in the circuit and district courts of the
United States; and the said supiemo and district
courts of the said Territory, and the respective
judges theieof, shall and may grant writs of
habeas corpus in all casts in which the same are
grantnble by the judges of the United States in
the District of Columbia; and tho first six clays
of every term of said courts, or so much thereof
as shall be necessary, shall be appropriated to the
trial of causes arising under the said Constitution
and laws; and writs of error and appeals in all
such cases shall be made to the supreme court of
said Teintoiy the same as in other rases. The
said clerk shall receive,in fill such cases, thesame
fees which the cletks of the district com is of Ne-
braska Territory now ircmve for simihn services.
Sdc. 10. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue m office for four years, unless
sooner removed by the President, and who shall
receive the same fees and salaiy as the attorney
of the United States for the present Terntory of
Nebraska. There shall also ne a marshal for the
Territory appointed, who shall hold his office for
four years, unless sooner iemo\ecl by the Piesi-
dent, and who shall execute all processes issuing
from the saul courts when exercising their juris-
diction us circuit and district courts of the United
States; lie shall perform the duties, be subject to
the same regulations and penalties, and be enti-
tled to the same fees as the marshal of the district
court of the United States for the present Terri-
tory of Nebraska, and shall, in addition, be paid
two hundred dollars annually as a compensation
for extra services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enaclcd, That the gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice and associate jus-
tices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed by the President of the United
States. The governor and secretary to be ap-
pointed as aforesaid shall, before they aetas such,
respectively take an oath or affirmation before the
district judge, or some justice of the pcacc m the
limits of said Territory duly authorized to admin-
ister oaths and affirmations by the laws now in
force therein, or before the Chief Justice or some
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, to support the Constitution of the
United States and faithfully to discharge the du-
ties of their respective offices; which said oaths,
when so taken, shall be certified by the person
by whom the same shall have been taken; and
such certificates shall be received and recorded by
the secretary among the executive proceedings;
and the chief justice and associate justices, and
all other civil officers in said Territory, before
they act as such, shall take a like oath or affirm-
ation before the said governor or secretary, or
some judge or justicc of the peace of the Territory
who may be duly commissioned and qualified,
which said oath or affirmation shall be certified
and transmitted by the person taking the same to
the secretary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid;
and afterwards th,e like oath or affirmation shall
be taken, certified, and recorded in such manner
and form as may be prescribed by law. The
governor shall receiv&an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars as governor, and one thousand
dollars as superintendent of Indian affairs; the
chief justice and associate justices shall each re-
ceive an annual salary of eighteen hundred dol-
lars; the secretary shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars. The said salaries
shall be paid quarter-yearly at the Treasury of
the United States, The members of the Legis-
lative Assembly shall be entitled to receive three
dollars each per day during their attendance at the
session thereof, and three dollars for every twenty
miles' travel in going to and returning from the
said sessions, estimated according to the nearest
usually traveled route. There shall be appropri~
ated annually the sum of one thousand dollars, to
be expended by the governor to defray the con-
tingent expenses of the Territory. There shall
also be appropriated annually a sufficient sum, to
be expended by the secretary of the Territory,
and upon an estimate to be made by the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States, to defray the
expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the print-
ing of the laws, and other incidental expenses;
and the secretary of the Territory shall annually
account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States for the manner in which tfie afore-
said sum shall have been expended.
Sec. 12. And beit further enacted, That the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota
shall hold its first session at such time and place
m said Territory as the governor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said first session, or
as soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient,
the governor and Legislative Assembly snail pro-
ceed to locate and establish the seat of govern-
ment for said Territory at such place as they may
deem eligible; which place, however, shall there
after be subject to be changed by the said governor
and Legislative Assembly.
Sicc. 13. And be it further enacted, That a Del-
egate to the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, to serve during each Congress of the
United States, may be elected by the voters qual-
ified to elect members of the Legislative Assem-
bly, who chall be entitled to the same rights and
privileges as are cxercised and enjoyed by the
Delegates from the several other Teriitories of
the United States to the said House of Represent-
atives. The first election shall be held at such
time and places, and be conducted in such man-
ner, as the governor shall appoint and direct; and
at all subsequent elections, the times,places, and
manner of holding elections shall be prescribed
by law. The person having the greatest number
of votes shall be declared by the governor to be
duly elected,and acertificate thereof shall begiven
accordingly.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That when
the land in said Territory shall be surveyed, un-
der the direction of the Government of the United
States, preparatory to bringing the same into mar-
ket, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
each township in said Territory shall be, and the
same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of being
applied to schools in the States hereafter to be
erected out of the same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That tempo-
rarily, and until otherwise provided bylaw, the
governor of said Terntory may define the judicial
districts of said Territory and assign the judges
who may be appointed for said Territory to the
several districts, and also appoint the times and
places for holding courts in the several counties
or subdivisions in cach of said judicial districts
by proclamation to be issued by him; but the
Legislative Assembly, at their first or any subse-
quent session, may organize, alter or modify such
judicial districts, and assign the judges, and alter
the times and places of holding the courts, as to
them shall seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the Con-
stitution and all laws of the United States, which
are not locally inapplicable shall have tho same
force and effect within the said Territory of Da-
kota as elsewhere within the United States.
Sec. 17. And beit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
