348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36xh Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and consent of the Senate, shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appointa^surveyor-general
for Dakota, who shall locate his office at such
place as the Secretary of the Interior shall from
time to time direct, and whose duties, powers,
obligations, responsibilities, compensation, and
allowances for clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and in-
cidental expenses, shall be the same as those of
the surveyor-general of Nebraska and Kansas,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and such instructions as he may from time
to time deem it advisable to give him.
Sec. 18. Andbeit further enacted, That so much
of the public landsof the United States in the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, west of its eastern boundary and
east and north of the Niobrara, or Running Wa-
ter river, be formed into a land district, to be called
the Yancton district, at such time as the Presi-
dent may direct, the land office for which shall ho
located at such point as the President may direct,
and shall be removed from time to time to other
points within said district whenever, in his opin-
ion, it may be expedient.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and receiver for said district* who shall
respectively be required to reside at the site of
said office, and who shall have the same powers,
perform the same duties, and be entitled to the
same compensation, as are or may be prescribed
by law in relation to other land offices of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 20. Andbe it further enacted, That the river
in said Territory heretofore known as the River
aux Jacques, or James river, shall hereafter be
called the Dakota river.
Sec  21. Jhid be it further enacted, That, until
Congress shall otherwise direct, that portion of
the Territories of Utah and Washington between
the forty-first and forty-third degrees of north lat-
itude, and east of the thirty-third meridian of lon-
gitude west from Washington, shall be, and is
hereby, incorporated into and made a part of the
Territory of Nebraska.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXXVII.—An Act to amend an Act
approved February fifth, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-nine, entitled " An Act pro-
viding for keeping and distributing all Public
Documents, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in all cases where the number of
copies of any document is insufficient to supply
one institution therewith, upon the designation of
each member of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, as required by existing law, the same
may be distributed by the Secretary of the* Inte-
rior to such incorporated colleges, public libra-
ries, athencums, literary and scientific institutions,
boards of trade, or public associations, as he may
select
Sec.*2. And be it further enacted, That the doc-
uments of the second session of the Thirty-fifth
Congress shall be sent to the same institutions
which were designated to receive those of the first
session thereof; and in all cases hereafter the se-
lection of an institution to receive the documents
ordered to bo published or procured at the first
session of any Congress shall control the docu-
ments of the entire Congress, unless another des-
ignationbe made before any distribution has taken
place under the selection first made: Provided,
however, That where the same work is printed by
order both of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, the duplicates may be sent to different
institutions, if so desired, by the member whose
right it is to direct the distribution: And provided
further, That m future the public documents to be
distributed by the Secretary of the Interior, shall 1
be sent to the institutions already designated, un- \
less he shall be satisfied that any such institution l
is no longer a suitable depository of the same. :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That one set
of the works of John Adams, and four sets of the
American State Papers, volumes four and five,
shall be distributed to the institutions described
by law, on the designation of the members of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the pres-
ent Congress, which designation shall also control
the distribution of an equal number of each of the
volumes thereof yet to be published.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That instead
of five hundred copies of the Biennial Register, or
Blue Book, now ordered to be published, which
shall hereafter be compiled under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, there shall in future
be published seven hundred and fifty copies. '
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in lieu
of the number of copies of the pamphlet laws
directed by the act of twentieth April, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, to be delivered to the offi-
cers of the Executive Departments, there shall
hereafter be delivered to the head of each depart-
ment, including the Attorney General, for the use
of those officers, a number equal to the number of
copies which they are ormay be entitled to receive
of the Statutes at Large, published by Little and
Brown, under the provisions of the act of eighth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted. That one copy
of the Decisions of the Supreme Court, published
by authority of the act of twenty-ninth August,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, shall be depos-
ited in the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
and one copy sent to each of the judges and to the
solicitor of the Court of Claims, the judges of the
criminal and orphans5 courts for the District of
Columbia, the Commissioner of Customs, the
Commissioner of Patents, and to the heads of such
other Executive officesof equal grade as have been
established since the passage of the law distrib-
uting said decisions, and to such as may hereafter
be provided for, each of tyliom shall likewise be
entitled to receive one copy of the Statutes at
Large.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That fifty copies
of the American State Papers now in course of
publication, as authorized by act of twelfth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, shall be depos-
ited and kept m the library of the House of Rep-
resentatives, twenty copies in the library of the
Senate, two copies in the congressional library,
one copy in the library of the President, one copy
in the State and territorial library of each State
and Territory, and ten copies in each of the ex-
ecutive departments, for the use of the officers
connected therewith.
Sec.8. And be it further enactcd, That the num-
ber of pamphlet laws directed to be placed in the
library of Congress by the act of twentieth of
April, eighteen hundred and eighteen, and of the
Statutes at Large, published by Little and Brown,
directed to be placed in the said library by the act
ofeighth August,eighteen hundred and forty-six,
shall be distributed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, agreeably to the provisions of the eleventh
section of the act of fifth February, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, excepting twelve copies to be
sent to the library of Congres.3 for the use of the
Supreme Court during its sessions; and two copies
for use in said library.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
hereof arc hereby repealed.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act in addition to "An
Act to promote the progress of the Useful
Arts.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Patents may
establish rules for taking affidavits and depositions
required in cases pending in the Patent Office, and
such affidavits and depositions may be taken be-
fore any justice of the pence, or other officer auth or-
ized by law to take depositions to be used in the
courts of the United States, or in the State courts
of any State where such officer shall reside; and
in any contested case pending in the Patent Office
it shall be lawful for the clerk of any court of the
United States for any district or Territory, and
he is hereby required, upon the application of any
party to such contested ease, or the agent or at-
torney of such party, to issue subpenas for any
witnesses residing or being within the said district
or Territory, commanding such witnesses to ap-
pear and testify before any justice of the peace, or
other officer, as aforesaid, residing within the said
district or Territory, at any time and place in the
subpena to be stated; and if any witness, after
being duly served with such subpena, shall re-
fuse or neglect to appear, or, after appeari ng, shall
refuse to testify, (not being privileged from giving
testimony,) such refusal or neglect being proved
to the satisfaction of any judge of the court whose
clerk shall have issued such subpena, said judge
may thereupon proceed to enforce obedience to
the process, or to punish the disobedience in like
manner as any court of the United States may do
in case of disobedience to process of subpena ad
testificandum issued by such court; and witnesses
in such cases shall be allowed the same compen-
sation as is allowed to witnesses attending the
courts of the United States: Provided, That no
witnesses shall be required to attend at any place
more than forty miles from the place where the
subpena shall be served upon him to give a dep-
osition under this law: Provided, also, That no
witness shall be deemed guilty of contempt for
refusing to disclose any secret invention made or
owned by him: And provided further, That no wit*
ness shall be deemed guilty of contempt for dis-
obeying any subpena directed to him by virtue
of this act, unless his fees for going to, returning
from, and one day's attendance at the place of
examination shall be paid or tendered to him at
the time of the service of the subpena.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, for the
purpose of securing greater uniformity of action
in the grant and refusal of letters-patent, there
shall be appointed, by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, three exam-
iners-in-chief, at an annual salary of three thou-
sand dollars each, to be composed of persons of
competent legal knowledge and scientific ability,
whose duty it shall be, on the written petition of
the applicant for that purpose being filed, to re-
vise and determine upon the validity of decisions
made by examiners when adverse to the grant of
letters-patent; and also to revi.se and determine in
like manner upon the validity of the decisions of
examiners m interference cases, and when required
by the Commissioner in applications for the ex-
tension of patents, and to perform such other du-
ties as may be assigned to them by the Commis-
sioner;.that from their decisions appeals may be
taken to the Commissioner of Patents in person,
upon payment of the fee hereinafter prescribed;
that the said examiners-in-chief shall be governed
in their action by the rules to be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Patents.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That no ap-
peal shall be allowed to the examiners-in-chief
from the decisions of the primary examiners, ex-
cept in interference cases, until after the applica-
tion shall have been twice rejected; and the second
examination of the application by the primary
examiner shall not be had until the applicant, in
view of the references given on the first rejection,
shall have icnewed the oath of invention, as pro-
vided for in the seventh section of the aQt entitled
" An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts, and to repeal all acts and parts of acts here-
tofore made for that purpose," approved July
fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-six.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sal-
ary of the Commissioner of Patents, from and
after the passage of this act, shall be four thou-
sand five hundred dollars per annum, and the
salary of the chief clerk of the Patent Office shall
be two thousand five hundred dollars, and the
salary of the Librarian of the Patent Office shall
be eighteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Patents is authorized to restore to the
respective applicants, or when not removed by
them, to otherwise dispose of such of the models
belonging to rejected applications as he shall not
think necessary to be preseived. The same au-
thority is also given in relation to all models
accompanying applications for designs. He is
furtherauthorized to dispense in future with mod-
els of designs when the design can be sufficiently
represented by a drawing.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the tenth
section of the act approved the third of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, authorizing
the appointment of agents for the transportation
of models and specimens to the Patent Office, is
hereby repealed.
