932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
afterwards to reship thegoods, and take the draw-
back. I am willing to do that. "When the Sen-
ator from California (suggested these things, I
went to different members of thecommittee to see
if they would agree to it; but as for allowing these
two or three years, it is the most pernicious sys-
tem, both for the merchant and for the producer,
that ever was imposed upon the country. It was
thought to be for the advantage of these great
cities; but it is the worst thing to build a city up.
I know that in my own State, small as the trade
is there, the warehouses are filled with British
goods on foreign account, sent there and sold by
brokers going around with samples. They some-
times bring a thousand, or ten thousand pieces,
and carry them to the bleach works, and getthe-n
stamped with the Rhode Island bleach woi-K
stamps, and put them in the market, pretending
to be American manufacture. All sorts of con-
trivances are resorted to to impose upon the peo-
ple of the country, through these warehouses.
They bring in their goods by ship-loads, and we
give them credit for the duties.
Now, Mr. President, as I said before, I have
the most perfect conviction that we ought to limit
this time; that we cannot afford to continue the
present system. These duties will accumulate
upon us, if we give a longer time than eight
months. The debenture bonds will accumulate,
These goods are exported in times of revulsion,
and they come here upon us when we are getting
the least money. We have seen the operation of
it this year, and in other years. Whenever there
comes a revulsion in trade, instead of receiving
money for duties, the goods are all put in ware-
house. They have increased from $22,000,000 to
#60 ,000,000 since this revulsion commenced, and
we have not received a dime of duties. These
men lay them up there, and we have to go into
the market to borrow money.
I am willing to agree to this system for a rea-
sonable time, but three years is entirely too long.
Take such a city as New York. The foreign
merchants send their goods over there, and put
them in warehouse. They might as well be in
warehouse there as in London or Manchester.
Then these Jew brokers take samples around.
They live in seven-by-nine rooms, and they go
around selling these goods by sample, against the
regular trader, and can undersell him. If I lived
in the city of New York, I would give money to
get rid of them, and lot business be done by the
regular merchants. These brokers and hucksters
never build up a city. They live upon f$2a week,
and dress like princes. We want merchants—
men of capital, who own your vessels. Those
are the men to build up your cities. It is not
these foreigners that come here to speculate upon
your necessities. But I have no wish to protract
this debate. I hope the proposition of the Sena-
tor from New York will be rejected.
Mr. GWIN. Wo cannot take a vote on this
question now; and as I desire to make some re-
marks upon ii, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. ["Oh, no!"]
A division being called for, there were twenty
ayes.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this motion. We are now very close to the
end of the session, and I do not think we should
adjourn at this time in the evening.
Several Senators. No yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. I am against adjourning; but if
the yeas and nays are called on such a motion
now, I shall vote for it.
Mr. CAMERON. Gentlemen all around me,
friends of the bill, say I ought to withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays. In deference to them, I do
so; but it is very much against my own judgment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There were
twenty votes ill the affirmative. The Chair will
now request those opposed to the motion to rise.
The noes were seventeen. So the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
r RitjAY, February 15, 1861.
The House met nt twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr, BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr DUELL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present the proceedings of a public
meeting held at Harpersvillc, in Broome county,
New York, against any alteration of the present
Constitution.
Objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I present the
petition of a large nnmber of citizens of Marengo,
McHenry county, Illinois, in favor of maintain-
ing the Constitution, the Union, and for the en-
forcement of the laws, and against all compro-
mises with traitors and all men'who are plotting
the overthrow of the Government. Let it be laid
on the table.
Mr. GROW. I have a number of petitions
myself in favor of the Union and the Constitution
as it is, which I desire to present to the House;
but I object to this whole practice of presenting
petitions in open House. I hope gentlemen will
file their petitions under the rule.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the reg-
ular order of business is the call of committees for
reports of a private nature, commencing with the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PRINTING 01? A BILL.
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the usual number of colics of
Senate bill No. 11—the Oregon and Washington
war-debt bill—with the report of the House Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thereupon, be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present, and have
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
New York against the tariff bill proposed in the
Senate.
Mr. GROW. I demand the regular order of
business.
REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to offer a
resolution, providing for the printing of some
extra copies of the report of the select committee
to investigate the lecent abstraction of bonds from
the Interior Department.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand nxtta copious of the
rcpott made by the select committee appointed to investi-
gate the facts peitammi; to the abstraction of bonds from
the Intci joi Dep-u tmtmt, be pi mtcd for the U5,e of the Iloiue,
and five hund)«>d for tin; use of &aid Department.
Mr. PRYOR. I object to that resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Well, I give notice
that I will offer the resolution on Monday next.
S. B. KELTAR.
On motion of Mr. WOODSON, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of S. B. Kcllar, pray-
ing for the payment of damages for non-fulfillment
of contract with an Indian agent; and thp same
was laid upon the table.
TOWNSEND HARRIS.
Mr. MORRIS, of.Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs,"reported back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No.
274, for the relief of Townsend Harris, or his
heir3 or legal representatives.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that that bill
be put upot. its passage immediately.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. It is unani-
mously reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. JOHN COCKR.A?TE. I ask that the bill
be read. *
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Townsend Hairis,or his
heits or representatives, the sum of $10,000 for his
services and expenses in negotiating a treaty of
commerce between the kingdom of Siam and the
United States.
Mr. JOHN ^COCHRANE. This treaty was
negotiated by Mr. Harris, outside of his regular
official duties, and on his way to his official post.
The bill passed the Senate unanimously, and I
presume there will be no objection to it in the
House.
I The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accouhnoly read the third time.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to say, in reference
to that bill, that I remember that last session,
when we established the mission to Japan, it was
placed upon the express ground that it was only
a proper reward to Mr. Harris for negotiating the
treaty.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman is
mistaken. This is for compensation for services
in negotiating a treaty with Siam, entirely outside
of his duties in Japan, and before his salary com-
menced.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Harris
went to Siam with a supplementary appointment
as special commissioner to negotiate a treaty of
commerce with that country.
Mr. GARNETT. And received no pay for it?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Not one cent.
The bill passed the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate unanimously, and also passed
the Senate unanimously.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw my objection
to the bill.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRENTIS CIIAMPLAIN.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill (Ii. R. No. 655) grant-
ing a pension to Prentis Champlain.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ing read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND LEGISLATIVE BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the request of
the Senate for committees of conference on the
consular and diplomatic bill, and on the legislative
bill, be acceded to.
it was so ordered; and Messrs. Corwiv, Mill-
son*, and Morris of Pennsylvania, on the first-
named bill, and Messrs. Sherman, Stevens of
Pennsylvania, and Burch, on the latter, were
appointed managers on the part of the House,
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also ask that the amend-
ments to the naval appropriation bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
RECIPROCITY TREATY WITH ENGLAND.
Mr. SHERMAN. A letter from the Secretary
ofthe Treasury, in regard to the reciprocity treaty
with England, has been referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. It should have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
ask that the change of reference be made.
It was so ordered.
NATIONAL DIFFICULTIES.
Mr. LEE. I take occasion to present several
petitions signed by a large number of citizens of
my congressional district, with the prayer that
theSenatorsand Representatives in Congressfrom
the State of New York shall endeavor to reconcile
existing difficulties, and shall uftVi* such ample
guarantees to all Union-loving men of the slave-
holding States as will bring us again into relations
of brotherhood and harmony.
The petitions were laid on the table.
R. W. MEADE.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report a joint resolution for
the relief of R. W. Meade, executor of Richard
W. Meade, and to ask that it be put upon i-ts pas-
sage. It makes no appropriation.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, it remands the claim of II. W. Meade,
executor of Richard W. Meade, deceased, to the
Court of Claims, to be reheard on the proofs
already in the case, with any additional testimony,
and such further arguments as the claimant may
offer under the rules of the court, so as to decide
it on the merits of the case.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mv. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no ob-
jection. The resolution is only to allow a rehear-
ing of the case. On the examination of the matter,
the committee was satisfied that it came strictly
