1861,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted  That the Com-
missioner is farther authorized, from" time to time,
to appoint, in the manner already provided for by
law, such an additional number of principal ex-
aminers, first assistant examiners, and 'second
assistant examiners as may be required to trans-
act the current business of the office with dis-
patch, provided the whole number of additional
examiners shall notexceed four of each class, and
that the total annual expenses of the Patent Office
shall not exceed the annual receipts.
Sec. 8. And bell further enacted, That the Com-
missioner may require all papers filed in the Pat-
ent Office, if not correctly, legibly, and clearly
written, to be printed at the cost of the parties
filing such papers; and for gross misconduct he
may refuse to recognize any person as a patent
agent, either generally or in any particular case;
but the reasons of the Commissioner for such re-
fusal shall be duly recoided, and subject to the
approval of the President of the United States.
Sec . 9. And be it farther enacted, That no money
paid as a fee, on any application for a patent after
the passage of this act, shall be withdrawn or re-
funded,nor shall the fee paid on filing a caveat be
considered as part of the sum required to be paid
on filing a subsequent application fora patent for
the same invention. That the three months' no-
tice given to any caveator, in pursuance of the
requirements of the twelfth section of the act of
July fourth, eighteen bundled and thirty-six,
shall be computed from the day on which such
noticc is deposited in the post office at Washing-
ton, with the regular time for the transmission of
the same added thereto, which time shall be in-
dorsed on the notice; and that so much of the
thirteenth section of the act of Congress, approved
July fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, as
authorizes the annexing to letters-patent of the
description and specification of additional im-
provements is hereby repealed, and in ail cases
where additional improvements would now be
admissible, independent patents must be applied
for.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatalllaws
now in force fixing the rates of the Patent Office
fees to be paid, and discriminating between the
inhabitants of the United States and thosejof other
countries, which shall not discriminate against the
inhabitants of the United States, are hereby re-
pealed, and in their stead the following rates are
established:
On filing each caveat, ten dollars.
On filing each oiiginal application for a.patent,
except foi a design, fifteen dollars.
On issuing each original patent, twenty dollars.
On every appeal from the examiners-in-chief to
the Commissioner, twenty dollars.
On every application for the reissue ofa patent,
thirty dollars.
On every application for the extension of a
patent, fifty dollars; and fifty dollars in addition,
on the granting of every extension.
On filing each disclaimer, ten dollars.
For certified copies of patents and other papers,
ten cents per hundred words.
For recoiding every assignment, agreement,
power of attorney, and other papers of three hun-
dred words or under, one dollar.
For recording every assignment, and other
papers, over three hundred and under one thou-
sand words, two dollars.
For recording ovory assignment or other writ-
ing, if over one thousand words, three dollars.
For copies of drawings, the reasonable cost of
making the same.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted. That any
citizen or citizens, or alien or aliens, having re-
sided one year in the United States, and taken
the oath of his or their intention to become a citi-
zen or citizens, who by his, her, or their own in-
dustry, genius, efforts, and expense, may have
invented or produced any new and original de-
sign, or a manufacture, whether of metal or other
material or materials, and original design for a
bust, statue, or bas relief, or composition in alto
or basso relievo, or any new and original impres-
sion or ornament, or to be placed on any article
of manufacture, the same being formed in marble
or other material, or any new and useful pattern,
or print, or picture, to be either worked into or
worked on, or printed, or painted, or cast, or
otherwise fixed on, any article of manufacture,
or any new and original shape or configuration
of any article of manufacture, not known or used
by others before his, her, or their invention, or
production thereof, and prior to the time of his,
her, or their application for a patent therefor, and
who shall desire to obtain an exclusive property
or right therein to make, use, and sell, and vend
the same, or copies of the same, to others, by
them to be made, used, and sold, may make ap-
plication, in writing, to the Commissioner of
Patents, expressing such desire, and the Com-
missioner, on due proceedings had, may grant a
patent therefor as m the case now of application
for a patent, for the term of three and one half
years, or for the term of seven years, or for the
term of fourteen years, as the said applicantmay
elect in his application: Provided, That the fee to
be paid in such application shall be, for the term
of three years and six months, ten dollars, for
scvenycars,fifteen dollars,and for fourteen years,
thirty dollars: And provided, That the patentees
of designs under this act shall be entitled to the
extension of their respective patents for the term
of seven years, from the day on which said pat-
ents shall expire, upon the same terms and re-
strictions as are now provided for the extension
of letters-patent.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all ap-
plications for patents shall be completed and pre-
pared for examination within two years after the
filing of the petition, and in default thereof, they
shall be regarded as abandoned by the parties
thereto, unless if. be shown to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner of Patents that such delay was
unavoidable; and all applications now pending
shall be treated as if filed after the passage of this
act, and all applications for the extension of pat-
ents, shall be filed at least ninety days before the
expiration thereof; and native of the day set for
the hearing of the case shall be published, as now
required by law, for at least sixty days.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That in all
cases where an article is made or vended by any
person under the protection of letters-patent, it
shall be the duty of such person to give suffi-
cient notice to the public that said article is so
patented, either by fixing thereon the word pat-
ented, together with the day and year the patent
was granted; or when, from the charactei of the
article patented, that may be impiucticable, by
enveloping one or more of the said articles, and
affixing a lab(J to the package or otherwise attach-
ing thereto aT^bel on which the notice, with the
date, is printed; on failure of which, in any suit
for the infringement of letters-patent by the party
failing so to mark the article the right to which is
infringed upon, no damage shall be recovered by
the plaintiff, except on proof that the defendant
was duly notified of the infringement, and con-
tinued after such noticc to make oi vend the article
patented. And the sixth section of the act en-
titled "An act in addition to an act to promote
the progress of the useful arts," and so forth,
approved the twenty-ninth day of August, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-two, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 14. And belt farther enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Patents be, and he is hereby,author-
ized to print, or in his discretion to cause to be
printed, ten copies of the description and claims
of all patents which may hereafter be granted,
and ten copies uf the diawings of the same, when
diawmgs shall accompany the patents: Provided,
The cost of printing the text of said descriptions
and claims shall not exceed, exclusive of sta-
tionery, the sum of two cents per hundred words
for each of said copies, and the cost of the draw-
ing shall not exceed fifty ccnts per copy; one
copy of the above number shall be printed on
parchment to be affixed to the letters-patent; the
work shall be under the direction and subject to
the appiovalof the Commissioner of Patents, and
the expense of the said copies shall be paid for
out of the patent fund.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted> That printed
copies of the letters-patent of the United States,
with the seal of the Patent Office affixed thereto,
and certified and signed by the Commissioner of
Patents, shall be legal evidence of the contents ot
said letters-patent in all cases.
Sec. 16, And be it farrther enacted, That all pat-
ents hereafter granted shall remain in force for
the term of seventeen yearsfrom the date of issue;
and all extension of such patents is hereby pro*
hibited.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts heretofore passed, which are
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to permit the owners of the
Steamboat John C. Fiemontto change the name
of the same to that of Horizon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized to permit the owners of
the steamboat John C. Fremont to change the
name of the same to that of Horizon
Approved, January 19, 186L
No. 2.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
Schooner Spring fiill to that of the United
States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to change the name
of the schooner Spring Hill to that of the United
States.
Approved, January 19, 1861.
No. 5.—A Resolution authorizing Lieutenant T
A. M. Craven, United States Navy, to receive
certain marks of distinction tendered him by the
Spanish Government.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Lieutenant T. A. M. Craven, of
the Navy of the United States, be,and he is here-
by, authorized to accept from the Spanish Gov-
ernment a medal and diploma, tendered him in
acknowledgment of the services rendered by him
to the seamen of the Spanish vessel Bella, wrecked
on Cayo Gunichos in June last.
Approved, February 13, 1861.
No. 9.—Joint Resolution giving the assent of Con-
gress to certain acts passed, or to be passed, by
the Legislatures of the States of Arkansas, Lou-
isiana, and Texas, or any two of them, in rela-
tion to the Raft of Red River, and for other
purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the assent of Congress be, and the
same is hereby,given to any acts that have been,
ormay bo,passed by the Legislaturesof the States
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or of any
two of them, having for their object the improve-
ment of the navigation of Red river by the removal
of the raft therefrom..
Sec. 2. Andbeit farther resolved, ThatCongress
hereby assents, that after and so soon as any com-
pany incorporated bytheStatcs aforesaid,orany
two of them, for the purpose, shall have removed
the obstructions to navigation in Red river caused
by the raft, and have rendered the same naviga-
ble, and not before, the said States, or any two of
them, may, through the said company, underand
in accordance with, and in the mode provided by,
the acts incorporating the same, for the benefit of
the company and to reimburse to it its expendi-
tures in removing said iaft, levy and collect, by
way of commutation for duties of tonnage, tolls
upon all boats or other water-crafts ascending or
descending said river, and passing through the
portion thereof that shall so have been improved
and rendered navigable, not to exceed the follow-
ing sums, that is to say: fifty cents on and for each
bale of cotton, and twenty-five cents on and for
each barrel of goods, wares, and merchandise
wherewith such boats or crafts may be laden;and
that this privilege may continue until the expia-
tion of thirty years fi om the ninth day of March,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixtv: Pro-
