1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Upon conference with the Post Office Depart-
ment, it was thought this would save $30,000 a
year. The postmasters are required by law to
distribute all other free matter for which no com-
pensation is received by the Department. We
want to make the law general, that no compensa-
tion shall be paid for the delivery of free matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITELEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in after line thirty-six, in reference
to the salaries of route agents. I wish to call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on the
PostOffice and Post Roads to this fact: two weeks
ago we increased the salaries of the clerks in the
Washington city post office, on account of the
amount of documents which they are compelled
to handle. 1 wish to call his attention to the fur-
ther fact, that last year, upon his own motion,
the salaries of the route agents throughout the
country were fixed at $800 each. Now, sir, I de-
sire to say that the salaries of the route agents be-
tween Washington and Philadelphia, and Wash-
ington and Richmond, should be increased upon
the same principle upon which the salaries of the
clerks in the post office here were increased. The
truth is, they have more to do with the handling
of documents than the clerks in the city post office.
I therefore propose the following amendment:
That the salaries of route agents trom Washington to
Philadelphia, and Irom Washington to Richmond, shall be
§1,000.
Mr. COLFAX. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, because I believe that you can find plenty ot
competent and experienced persons to perform
those duties at the present rate of compensation.
The gentleman is mistaken in saying that we rec-
ommended the other day an increase of the com-
pensation of the clerks in the city post office here.
What we did was merely to continue a law which
was passed in 1854,upon the motionof Mr.Rusk,
of Texas, then chairman of the Senate PostOffice
Committee,providing that there should beasmall
fund out of which clerks in the city post office of
this cityshall be paidforextra laborimposed upon
them, limiting the amount to §250 to each clerk.
The amount allowed to the clerks m post offices
is based upon the commissions accruing* to that
office. Now, in a post office like this, where the
mails, both incoming and outgoing, are mostly
composed of free matter, the revenue must be
very much curtailed. The enormous amount of
free matter which passes through the city post
office requires the services of a larger number of
clerks than is required by any other post office
in the country collecting the same amount of post-
ages.
Mr. WHITELEY. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the clerks in this office are paid
by commissions ? I believe they receive a regular
salary, let their duties be what they may. The
truth in reference to these documents is, that most
of them are put up here m bags and earned di-
rectly to the railroad, when the route agents have
all the trouble of them.
Mr. COLFAX. The clerks in the post office
here receive a regular salary, I concede; but the
number of clerks must be regulated by the amount
of money which can be paid them out of the com-
missions of the office. Where almost the entire
amount of the mails, outgoing and incoming, are
composed of free matter, the number of clerks
must be diminished if their salaries are limited by
the amount of postages accruing.
In recommending, the other day, the continu-
ation of the old law of 1854, we only acted upon
the recommendation of the Post Office Depart-
ment, which was concurred in by the committee
of the House unanimously. But the Post Office
Department has not asked for an increase o# the
salaries of the route agents, and I do not think it
necessary.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire^ simply to say to
the chairman of the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, that an amendment to pay the
same percentage to the route agents, not to exceed
§250, which is paid to the clerks in the city post
office here, ought to pass. The clerks here get
$1,200 and $1,400 a year, while the route agents
get only §800. I only ask that the same degree
of justice shall be extended to the route agents
from Washington to Philadelphia, and from
"Washington to Richmond, as is extended to the
clerks here, for the reason that they manipulate
the same documents that the clerks do, only in a
greater degree, and they are more entitled to the
$250 than the clerks are. The clerks in the post
office receive most of these documents packed in
bags. I do not at all mean to detract from their
labors. I do not mean to say that they are not
entitled to the $250; but I do mean to say—and I
say it to the chairman of the Committee on the
PostOfficeand Post Roads—that these route agents
are entitled to it in an enlarged degree, for they
take the documents in bulk, take them out of the
wagons at the cars, and have harder work in ref-
erence to them than the clerks in the post office
have. It is but manifest fairness that this amount
should be accorded to them, at the rate of one mill
per pound, not to exceed m all $250. The gen-
tleman from Indiana,who has given so much at-
tention to this matter, will see the fairness of (his
proposition, and I hope he will agree to it. When
that-gentlcman goes into the Post Office Depart-
ment—and I may say, without any eulogy, that
I hope he may bo permitted to do so—he will have
a better practical knowledge of these matters, and
I know he will agree to this proposition as soon
as he investigates it.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to try the ex-
periment of equalizing the other pay. I would
move to strike out "route agents" and provide
that the clerks shall not receive more than $800.
Gentlemen talk about equalizing, but they always
equalize up, while I would rather equalize down.
Mr. WHITELEY. Wo equalized last year
upon these very route agents. For instance, the
route agents between Philadelphia and Washing-
ton were receiving $1,000. And upon the motion
of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, they were cut down to
$800.
There is another consideration in reference to
this matter worthy of consideration. These route
agents have really to livem two cities. If their
home is in Philadelphia, their odd nights are
spent here. Thus they are subjected to a great
deal of extra expense; and, as I said before, they
perform the bulk of the labor in reference to these
documents. All our books are packed in bags;
and if they go to the city post office at all, they
are merely handed to the pavement and placed
in the mail wagons. The clerks m the city post
office have nothing to do with them. The route
agents have the handling of them altogether. I
think it nothing more than just and fair to give to
those who do this labor $200 a year more than
they now receive; or rather, as 1 have modified
the amendment, to say that their salaries shall not
exceed $1,000, giving the Postmaster General
power to raise them from $800 to §1,000, if he
sees fit.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment- of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] to reduce the salary of these clerks in
the Post Office.
The CHAIRMAN That amendment was not
received.
Mr. COLFAX. In reply to the gentleman from
Delaware, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I will state, what they very well know, that the
route agents are off duty part of the time, while
the clerks in the post office are on duty all the
time, the whole year round. So that that argu-
ment falls. The gentleman shakes his head, as
much as to say, that the route agents are not off
duty part of the time. He is aware that there are
always, upon every large mail route, a surplus of
route agents, and they alternate.
Mr. WHITELEY. Not between here and
Philadelphia; and I am told that they even have
to run oil Sundays.
Mr. COLFAX. I know that, as a general rule,
there is a surplus of route agents, because men
cannot go over a route every day, distributing
mall matter, handling heavy bags, standing on
their feet all the time, without relaxation.
Mr. WIIITELEY. I am told by these agents
—I know nothing about the matter personally—
that there are no extra agents upon the route be-
tween here avid Philadelphia; and when they are
sick they have to pay a man to go in their places,
out of their own salaries.
Mr. COLFAX. One word further upon this
subject. I am surprised at the statement of the gen-
tleman from Delaware, in reference to the route
between here and Philadelphia, because, I sup-
posed there were always one or more surplus route
agents upon all the great mail routes. But if you
begin to increase the pay of those- who are ^en-
gaged in handling these mails, the next thingyou
will find will be that the postmasters in other
offices besides that at'Washington city will apply
for an increase of pay, with ^ust as much jus-
tice. AH the route agents have to do with taese
bulky bags of documents is to receive them at the
cars from the mail messengers, who asssist-^ia -tot-
ting them on the cars, and then th^y are-'piled up
there, and when they arrive at Phd&delphia they
are thrown out without any extra care, as I know
from personal observation, because they are-not
handled with as much care as bags of letters, nor
is it needful that they should be. All the route
agents have to do with these bags of documents is
to assist in putting them on the cars and in taking
them off. I can see no reason for this proposed
increase of salary.
Mr. HUGHES. I- think it very bad policy to
pay inadequate salaries, incommensurate with the
labors and responsibilities connected with the dis-
charge of the duties of an office; and I know-that
the duties upon these two routes are very oner-
ous and responsible. Allow me to say, iii con-
nection with my first,proposition, that I have no
question that, if you were to put up all the offices
under this Government at public auction to the
lowest bidder, you would find men who would
discharge, for $500 a year, the duties of offices
for which we now pay $2,000, being dear'at that.
You will find many a man who will fill the o'ffice
of President of the United States for $1,000 a year,
if you will give it to him, and he will make per-
haps $100,000 annually by the bargain; and so
with all our offices. It is, in my judgment, the
worst possible policy that the Government could
adopt to pay low salaries for important services.
It is anti-democratic; not in a party, but in a gen-
eral and political sense. I am always in-favor of
paying a good, fair salary to every man who dis-
charges duties under the Government in propor-
tion to their importance and responsibility. I
am satisfied that it is the best possible bond for
fidelity that you can exact from your public offi-
cers. I know that officers of the engineers are
placed upon their honor, and with very inade-
quate compensation. They give no bonds, and
yet millions and millions of dollars are disbursed,
simply upon the honor of the officer and upon his
commission, with the greatest economy and hon-
esty. These route agents have not only very
heavy physical labors devolved upon them,-but
very grave responsibilities. I would wish to pay
the route agents upon all the more important hnes
far larger salaries than they now receive; and I
do hope that the House will agree to increase the
salaries of the agents upon these two routes to
the small amount asked for by the gentleman
from Delaware.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire merely to say to
the chairman of the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, that the route agents between
this city and Philadelphia are employed all their
time. There is a train that leaves this city at
twenty minutes after six o'clock in the morning,
and they are occupied till two o'clock, p. m.
They leave Philadelphia next day at twelve
o'clock, and are occupied till six o'clock, p. m.
Then there is a night line, which leaves Philadel-
phia at eleven o'clock at night, and arrives here
at six o'clockin the morning, and they are occu-
pied the whole night. Then, sir, they work seven
days in the week, and are not exempted from
work on Sundays. There is also a slower line
that occupies several hours a day, leaving here
early m the morning, and reaching Philadelphia
at half past three o'clock.
Now, I ask nothing more in relation to this
matter than that a simple act of justice shall be
done to these men, and that the same allowance
shall be made to them as is made to the clerks in
the post office, who manipulate the same docu-
ments. The gentleman from Indiana suggests
that the postmasters along the route may ask the
same compensation. Sir, they are not entitled to
it, because they do not handle this entire amount
of documents that pass through the hands of these
route agents, and is distributed fay them along the
route. This is not a proposition to increase the
compensation of all routo agents, but merely to
give these six or eight persons the same compen-
sation that the clerks in the post office receive
for handling these same documents. The whole
amount will not take $2,000. It does not involve
