352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec, 2. And be it farther enacted, That the cor-
Eorafe authorities of the city of Georgetown shall
ave power to regulate the manner and speed of
running the cars of said company within the limits
of said city*
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall have power to construct and oper-
ate their said extension upon such streets and
public ways in said city as may be deemed most
expedient by the said company, and with the
consent of the corporate authorities of said city.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted. That the cir-
cuit court of the District of Columbia, and the sev-
eral officers thereof, shall have and exercise all the
powers and duties in relation to the condemnation
and acquisition of land or other property by the
said company for the purposes of such extension
of their branch as are or may be possessed and
exercised by the courts of Virginia and their of-
ficers in regard to the same; and the same pro-
ceedings shall be had therein as are or may be pre-
scribed or authorized by the laws of Virginia in
such cases.
Approved, February 5, 1861.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act granting an increase of
Pension to William G. Bernard, late a Soldier
in the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of William G. Bernard, of the State of
New York, on the roll of invalid pensions, at the
rate of twenty-five dollars per month, commenc-
ing on the eleventh day of June, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, in lieu of the
pension he now receives.
Approved, February 5, 1861.
Chap. 'XXVII.—An Act for the Benefit of Ga-
briel J. Johnston.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the entry made by Gabriel J.
Johnston, of Jefferson county, Missouri, on the
second day of November, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine, of the northeast quarter of section
number eleven, in township number forty-one
north, of range number four east, in the district
of lands subject to sale at Saint Louis, Missouri,
be, and the same is hereby, confirmed and de-
clared valid, notwithstanding said tract of land
was at the time of entry reserved from sale as min-
eral lands. And the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is hereby authorized and required
to issue to said Gabriel J. Johnston a patent for
said tract, as in ordinary cases of the entry of pub-
lic lands subject to sale at private entry.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall not be construed to interfere with any exist-
ing rights of third persons, but shall only operate
as a relinquishment of the title of the United
States.
Approved, February 5, 1861.
Ciiap. XXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of F. M.
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House vf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That F. M. Beauchamp and Betsy D.
Townsend be,and theyaie hereby, released from
the payment of the sum of four thousand dollars,
and all interest thereon, being the principal of a
replevin bond executed by said Beauchamp, as
principal, and said Townsend, his security, on
the twenty-first day of November, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, payable to the United States of
Ameuea; and the same is not to be collected by
any officer of the United States.
Approved, February 5, 1861.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
K. Guthrie, widow of Presley N. Guthrie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Mary K. Guthrie, widow of Presley N. Guthrie,
on the pension roll, at the rate of thirty dollars
per month, from the twenty-ninth day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-s^en, to continue
during widowhood.
Approved, February 8, 1861.
Chap. XXXII.™An Act for the Relief of Moses
Meeker.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States vf Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to ascertain, as in the case of John P.
B. and Henry Gratiot, what amount, if any, of
rent was exacted by the United States agents of
lead mines from Moses Meeker for lead mined
and smelted upon the lands of the Ottawa, Potta-
watomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes
of Indians, prior to the purchase thereof by the
United States, and pay such amount as may be
legally proved to have been actually paid by the
said Moses Meeker to such agents of the United
Slates, to Moses Meeker, or his legal represent-
atives, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 8, 1861.
Ciiap. XXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Aaron
H. Palmer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Aaron H. Pal-
mer, out of any money in the Treasury' not oth-
erwise appropriated, the sum of three thousand
dollars, in full compensation for his labor and
research in collecting information, and preparing
the same for the use of the Government, relative
to the Oriental nations, and particularly Japan.
Approved, February 13, 1861.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Gregory Patti.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby   authorized and directed to place
the name of Gregory Patti on the list of invalid
pensions, at the rate of seven dollars and fifty
cents per month, and pay him a pension at that
rate, from the first day of January, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, and continue during his natural
life.
Approved, February 13, 1861
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of the
Parish of Saint Matthew's Church, of the City
of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Charles J. White, parish priest
of Saint Matthew's Church, in the City of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, be, and he is here-
by, authorized and empowered to sell certain lots
of ground deeded to the priest of said parish by
the late William Easby, Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds, and known in the plat
of said Washington city as lots numbered five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thir-
teen, and fourteen, in square numbered two hun-
dred and thirty-six; the proceeds of such sale to be
applied to the uses and benefit of the said parish.
Approved, February 16, 1861.
Ciiap XXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of John
Peebles.
Be in enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thafthe Seerctaiy of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to John Peebles the sum of twenty-five dollars,
in full for his services as surveyor, perfoimed
under the direction of John Cuthbei t, timber agent
for the southern district of Alabama.
Approved, February 18, J861.
Chap XL.—An Act for the Relief of Townsend
|| Harris or his Heirs or legal Repiesentativcs.
!i Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
l! sentatiresofthe United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be allowed to Townsend
Harris, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for his services and ex-
penses in negotiating a treaty of commerce be-
tween the kingdom of Siamand the United States,
the sum of ten thousand dollars; the said sum
to be paid to the said Townsend Harris, or to
any attorney of said Harris under any power of
attorney executed by him, whether before or after
the passage of this act, or to the heirs or legal
representatives of the said Harris.
Approved, February 18, 1861.
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of William
Cowing.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to William
Cowing one hundred and twenty-six dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, in full for additional allowance as
clerk, under the provisions of the second section
of the " Act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government,"
approved August thirty-one, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two.
Approved, February 18, 1861.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act for the Relief of Randall
Pegg.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be,
and he is hereby, required to pay to Randall
Pegg, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwiseappropriated, one hundred and ninety-nine
dollars and fifty-eight cents, being the difference
between the pay allowed him as a watchman on
the construction of the Patent Office extension
and that allowed to other watchmen.
Approved, February 19,1861.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act for the Relief of Laura
C. Humbcr, widow of Charles H. Humber.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized and directed to place the name
of Laura C. Humber, widowof Charles Humber,
late captain in the seventh regimentof the United
States infantry, upon the pension roll, and to pay
her at the rate of twenty dollars per month, to
continue for life or widowhood.
Approved, February 20, 1861.
Ciiap XLVII.—An Act for the Relief of James
Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the name of James Smith, now of the city of Wash-
ington, late a soldier in the war with Mexico,
and on the frontiers of Texas, on the invalid pen-
sion roll, at the rate of eight dollars a month, to
commence on the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, an& to continue during
his lifetime.
Approved, February 20, 1861.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Annie
D. Reeves.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the. Interior be,
and he is hereby,authorized and required to place
the name of Annie D. Reeves, widow of J. S.
K. Reeves, late captanrifi the first regimentartil-
lery, United States Army, on the pension roll,at
the rate of half pay proper, commencing on the
first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty,
and to continue duiing life.
Approved, February 20, 1861.
Chap. L.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel S.
Green.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the fines imposed by the Post
Office Department on Samuel S. Green, of New
Orleans, while carrying the mail on route num-
ber three thousand five hundred and three, from
New Orleans and other ports on the Gulf of Mex-
