938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
man, I will detain the committee for a moment
only. I understand the argument of my friend
from Ohio."" He is opposed, as he was at the last
session of Congress, in every possible shape, to
the people getting their mails.
The objection that the amendment is a censure
upon the incoming Administration has no founda-
tion. The amendment notifies the Postmaster
General that we desire him, as an executive offi-
cer of this Government, to reexamine certain eases
in his Department, and to act according to his dis-
cretion. The idea that it is any reflection or any
censure upon the incoming Administration is cer-
tainly unworthy of the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. COLFAX. _ Mr. Chairman, I differ with
my friend from Illinois in regard to one portion
of his remarks. He is right in saying that where
one Postmaster General has decided upon a mat-
tor of damages, his successor in the Department
cannot reopen it except by authority of a new
iaw^ but he is wrong in regard to the practice in
cases for the extension or restriction of postal
service in the country. At the last session of
Congress, I cooperated with my friend from Illi-
nois, deeming that the conduct of Postmaster Gen-
eral Holt had been unwise, although I have al-
ways insisted that he acted with the very best
motives. Whether he had the right, under the
strict letter of the law of 1836, to cut down this
service or not—and the uniform practice of the
Department for over twenty years has author-
ized it—his wide-spread razeeing of the postal
service deprived many communities of long-en-
joyed postal facilities, while it bankrupted many
worthy and efficient contractors.
I say here now, so that the committee of which
I am chairman shall not bo subjected to censure,
that wherever a contractor has laid before us evi-
dence that by this act, unexpected as it was—and
I say it without any offense—somewhat arbitrary
in its character, they had been bankrupted, (for
they have generally proposed to carry the mails
and wait for their pay until Congress should make
an appropriation,) we have felt it our duty to rec-
ommend to Congress an appropriation to such
contractors You have passed one such bill to-
day for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget; and I
think, when you sum up the amounts saved to
the Department by the curtailment of the postal
service, and place in the opposite scale the amount
paid to contractors who have been bankrupted by
this restriction, and the amount you ought to pay
them—for many of them have not come here and
presented their claims—you will find that it was
a losing experiment. 1 believe that a largo portion
of that service could have been dispensed with,
but the action was too sweeping. 1 believe that
any Postmaster General, without instruction from
this House, ought to revise all these decisions,
and where the necessities of the country require
the restoration of the service in whole or in part,
it should be given to them; and I have no hesita-
tion in saying so by this amendment, though I
think it needless. But I tell the gentleman from
Illinois, if he apprehends that under this mstiuc-
tion a large portion of the service will be restored,
he will have to put his amendment in the shape
it was last session—containing an additional ap-
propriation, because this deficiency of $5,391,350,
■contained in the second section of this bill, is de-
signed to cover only the present service. You
may direct the Postmaster General to increase the
service as much as you choose; yet you must, ill
the same bill, give hhn the means to do so. He
•cannot go to any material amount beyond the ap-
propriations contained in the bill, as the gentle-
man must be aware.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. Barr and
Mr. Ely as tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
-r-ayes sixty-six.
Mr. SHERMAN I propose that the count by
tellers be discontinued s with the understanding
that we shall have a vote upon this amendment in
the House.
No objection being made, the count was dis-
continued.
Mr. COLFAX. Upon the recommendation of
the Postmaster General, in his annual reports, I
offer the following amendment:
Jhul be it further enacted, That the amounts found due
upon connects for overland mails, authorized by Congress,
-shall hereafter be paid from the Treasury of the United
States, out of any money therein not otherwise appropri-
ated, instead of the revenue of the Post Office Department,
upon the certificate of the Postmaster General; and the
Postmaster General shall report the amount thereof at the
opening of the next session of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must raise a point of order
upon that amendment. It changes the existing
law.
Mr. COLFAX. Before that point is decided, 1
desire to state that the amendment merely changes,
in accordance with the views of the Postmaster
General, the fund from which the money shall be
paid. The Postmaster General has said, and very
properly, as our, postal service to California is
over a large intervening desert, and we do not
derive much way revenue therefrom, it cannot be
expected that it shall be self-sustaining, and there-
fore the expense ought to be paid out of the Treas-
ury, instead of out of the revenues of the Post
Office Department. The amendment does no more
than to change the place where the money shall
be paid. In the end, it comcs out of the Treas-
ury. The amendment accords with the desire,
expressed over and over again, in the Postmaster
General's report, that the California service should
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States,
it being only a burden upon the Post Office De-
partment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment is
out of order. We ought-to be able to tell what
our post office service cost.
Mr. COLFAX. Does the Chair rule the amend-
ment out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN He does.
Mr. COLPAX I must take an appeal from
that decision.
The question was put, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. COLPAX. I will state to the Chair con-
fidentially that I think the noes had it, by the
sound; but rather than risk breaking up the com-
mittee fpr lack of a quorum, I will not insist on a
division.
I am also instructed by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to offer the following
amendment:
Jhul bait further enacted. That the provisions of the third
section of the act entitled "An act amendatory to an act
regulating the Post Office i)<:!t;LiUiient:'approveil March -2,
1837, be, and the same are hereby, applied to all post routes
which have been, or may hereafter be, established in any
town or city by the Postmaster General, by virtue of the
tenth section of an act entitled "An act to i educe and mod-
ify the rates of postage in tile United Slates, and for other
pmposes,"appioved February 27, 1851.
I ask the clerk to read a letter from the Post-
master General, which I send up.
The letter was read, as follows;
Post Office Dfpartment,
Appointment Office, Januaiy 14,1861.
Sir: By direction of the Ironmaster General,! have the
honor to transmit the inclosed draft of additional section
to the present laws ot the Department, and to request your
eoopet.itjon in advancing its passage by Congress.
Yeiy u'-pecttully, \our obedient servant,
II OR AT FO KING,
First ^Assistant Postmaster General.
lion. sonryi.lr Colfax, Chairman Committee ontkePost
Ojfwc a <! Post Roads, House of Rcpicscntatives.
Mr. COLPAX. By the law of March 2, 1827,
it is declared that " no person other than the Post-
master General, or his authorized agent, shall set
lip any foot or horse post for the conveyance of
letters and packets upon any post road which is
or may be established as such by law; and that
every person who shall offend, shall incur a pen-
alty, "&e. By the act of March 3,1351, the Post-
master General is authorized to establish post
routes within all cities and towns where the post-
masters are appointed by the President and Sen-
ate. In accordance with that law, the Postmaster
General has declared the streets and alleys in
various cities of the Union post routes. This act
of the Postmaster General has been resisted in
Philadelphia, but has been acquiesced in by the
private letter expresses m New York, Boston, and
other cities. The only question is, whether the
law of 1837 shall be carried out, and authorize the
Postmaster Geneial to establish those post routes,
and to prevent persons carrying letters over those
routes, unless authorized by him, so that the Gov-
ernment can have the letter-carrying in these cities
in their own hands, as they should have..
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY offered the following amendment:
And whenever service has been actually performed by
the contractor upon any curtailed route since the 4tl> day
of March, 1859, notwithstanding the order of curtailment,
the Postmaster General shall pay for the same as if no sucli
order had been made, deducting from such payment any
allowance the contractor may have received on account of
the curtailment ofthe service under his contract: Provided,
however, That the Postmaster General shall be satisfied
from the testimony before Jum that the service for which
compensation is above provided, was performed in good
faith, and in the advancement of the public interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a point of order upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Winslow reported that
the Committee of the'Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the bill (H.
R. No. 971) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Departmentfor the year ending
the 30th June, 1862, under consideration,and had
directed him to report it back to the House with
sundry amendments, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN called the previous question
upon the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first amendment, being the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Washburke, of Illinois, in the com-
mittee, was then read.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 104, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Aidricli, Allen, Thomas? L. An-
derson, Beale3 Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocoek, Biabson,
Brayton, Briggs, Biown, Buffinton, Bureh, Burlingame,
Burnett, Campbell, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Ooburn,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conway, Covode, Cox, James
Craig:, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edger-
ton, Edwards, Eliot, Ethendge, Farnaworth, Fentotf, FJor-
ence, Fouke,Fiank, French, Gilmer, Grow,Gurley, Hale,
Hall, John T. Harris, I-Iaskin, lielmick, Ilmdman, lloj-
man, Ilumplney, Iivme. Junktn, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Keliogg, fcenyon, Kiigore, James M. Leach, Lee,
Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, McClernand,
McKean, Montgomery, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack,
Noell, Palmer, Peny, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pivor,
Quailes, Edwin It. Reynolds, Rice, Chiistophei Robinson,
Royce, Scott, Sedgwick, Sickles, Somes, Spauldmg, Spin-
ner, Stokes, Stout, Strattou, Tappan, Theaker, Vandever,
Van Wyek, Wade, Waldion, Oadwalader C. Washburn,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Woodruff, and Woodson—104.
NAYS—Messrs, Charles F. Adams, Alley, William C
Anderson, Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Branch, Bristow, Buin-
hara, Butte/field, Horace F. Ciark, C'onklin?, Burton Craige,
II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Ely, Hatton, Hoard,
William A. Howard, Hutclnns, Killinger, DeWitt C.Leaoh,
Leake, Longncekor, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Mavnam,
McKenty, McPherson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Phelps, PottlfjRiggs, James C. Kobinson,
Rust, Sherman, William N. H Smith, Stanton, William
Stewart, Thaver, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Waltc j,
Webster, Wells, Window, Wood, ami Wiight—51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. EDGERTON stated that Mr. Carey was
confined to his room by sickncss.
Mr. FOSTER stated, that in order that he might
attend the peace convention, he had paired off
with Mr. wniteley;that he declined to vote, be-
cause Mr. Whiteley was nqfewithin the Hull.
Mr. HUTC1-I1NS stated ihflMr. A SliLIZY v/as
confined to his mom by indisposition, and was
paired off with Mr. Simms.
Mr. MOORE, ot* Kentucky, announced that
Mr. Nelson was detained at home by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. WELLS stated that M r. Pettit had been
compelled to leave the Hall, in consequence of in-
disposition .
Mr. ALDRICII stated that Mr. Windom was
detained at home by sickness in his family
Mr. ALLEN stated that Mr. Hoivahd, of
Ohio, was confined at home by sickness.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
coided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment wan
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motjon was agreed to.
The remaining amendments made in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
