940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
a multitude, will look Sumter-like defiance in the
face of their opponents, and die, if need be, with
the last vestige of the American Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ALDRICH. I must object to these inter-
ruptions. There is but one gentleman who has
a prescriptive right to interrupt and ask ques-
tions, ana that is the gentleman from Arkansas,
{Mr. Hindman.] I will permit him to do it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HINDMAN. I have a few questions to
propound to the gentleman.
Mr. VANDEVER. Now, Mr. Speaker, in
respect to the propositions made to amend the
Federal Constitution so as to afford new guaran-
tees and protection to the peculiar institution of
the South, I cannot, as they are made under these
circumstances, vote for any of them. Sir, under
these circumstances, compromise is out of the
question with me. If,at a future time, a conven-
tion should assemble upon the application of the
States of this Union, as prescribed by the Con-
stitution, in that convention, for my part, I would
meet our brethren from the slaveholding States in
a spirit of mutual forbearance and conciliation,
and, if possible, forever quiet this slavery con-
troversy. But, at this particular period of time,
when the public mind is excited, in the last expir-
ing agonies of this Congress, the alternative is pre-
sented byaminority, smarting under the sting of
4efeat, of concession or a dissolution of the Union
and a hopeless bankruptcy of the national Treas-
ury. Under such constraints, I will not.consent
to compromise
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this onequestion, with his permission: wheth-
-er the statement he has presented has been one
that was quite fair and candid towards us of the
border States %ho, during the last summer, bore
the burden of the conflict against the men who
supported Breckinridge, and who did more to
overpower him, in the States where he was the
strongest, than any others? I ask him whether
it was necessary, in the statement he has made for
his constituents and the country, to place us in
the condition he has .done? I appeal to his fair-
ness and candor to say whether lie has done us
justice.
Mr. 'VANDEVER. I say, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that truth is no respecter
of persons. I have no desire to do injustice to
him or his political friends in the border States,
for I am ready to say that whatever may be the
judgment of posterity upon the acts of those of
us who have been participators in the scenes of
this day, the names of those who, upon this floor
and at home among their constituents in the
slaveholding States, have heroically fought the
battle of the Union and Constitution against fa-
naticism and treason in their own section—these
names, 1 say, will be cherished in grateful re-
membrance. whether the Union endures or not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I concur with the gentle-
man, that truth is no respecter of persons; but
persons ought to be respecters of truth; and it is
for that reason that I put the question, whether
the gentleman from Iowa had clone justice to us
Union men of the South in respect to the propo-
sition submitted by the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky?
Mr. VANDEVER. I am endeavoring to serve
the cause of truth when I show that for good
reasons,under the circumstances now existing,!
cannot concur in the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky, which provides for the protec-
tion and guarantee of slavery in the Territories
of the Union, or in any proposition which shall,
in effect, set aside the verdict pronounced in the
late election.
Mr. MAYNARD. Still the gentleman does
not answer my question.
Mr. VANDEVER. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
Crittenden proposition recognizes and protects
slavery south of the line of 36° 30', in all the Ter-
ritories of the Union. The border-State propo-
sition does the same thing; not in such definite or
specific language, but it j ust as effectually protects
and maintains slavery south of that line, by saying
that there shall be no power in Congress, or in
the Territorial Legislature, or in the people of a
Territory, however much they may desire it, to
prohibit slavery in such Territory. The propo-
sition of the committee of thirty-three is loss ob-
jectionable in form than either of the others; but
it goes to the same extent in effect.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Iowa
will remember that the Crittenden proposition
comes not from the supporters of Breckinridge,
but from the Union men of the South. Now I
ask him, whether it is quite fair to impute to the
Union men of the South the responsibility forthe
sentiments of Breckinridge and his supporters ?
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman and his
friends, some of them, in this emergency, have
regarded it as their duty to support principles
which they have heretofore repudiated, establish-
ing new guarantees for the protection of slavery in
the Territories south of 36° 30'. Now, sir, for my-
self, I say that there is a principle in this matter,
and that I will never yield one iota in guaranty-
ing the protection of this Government for slavery
anywhere. That is the difference between the
gentleman and myself.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to offer another con-
sideration in respect to the report of the commit-
tee of thirty-three, though, by the way, there is
another peculiarity both in the Crittenden and in
the border-States proposition to which I wish to
allude. I mean that portion of the plan which
proposes to protect the domestic slave trade. I
do not recollect the prccisc terms in which it is
expressed. I shall not, on this occasion, under-
take to inquire into, or discuss, the power of this
Government over the inter-State slave trade. I
shall not, on this occasion, ask whether there is
any power in the Congress of the United States,
or anywhere in this Government, to abolish that
slave trade. But, sir, in the Crittenden proposi-
tion is a distinct recognition of the right of transit
with slaves from one slave State to another; and
what 1 fear is, that when itshall once be adopted,
when that proposition shall once be incorporated
into the Constitution, the claim will besetupand
maintained that the slave trader has the right to
carry his slaves from Virginia, or any other border
State, to Texas, or any one of the cotton States,
by way of New York, or some port of the North,
for shipment. And further, I think there is rea-
son to fear that when that provision shall become
apart of the organic law of the land, it will give
i the slave trader the right to traffic in his property
wherever he shall see proper; that it will reestab-
lish the slave pens in this city, which were abol-
ished as an abomination by the compromise legis-
lation of 1850; or, perhaps, what is worse yet.
transfer them to New York and other northern
ports to first outrage and then debauch and de
moralize public sentiment, and vastly inflame the
slavery agitation under which we now groan.
But, in regard to the report of the committee of
thirty-three, I must confess that I approach the
subject with agieatroluctance. Certainly, no man
upon this floor entertains a higher opinion of the
patrioticserviccsofthegentlemanfrom Ohio, [Mr.
ConiviK,] chairman of the select committee, than
I do. None will more sincerely accord to him
the full meed of praise for his anxious desire to
allay the existing excitement in the country, and
to restore peace and harmony once more in all
sections throughout the length and breadth of the
hind. But, sir, I submit that the committee have
fallen into a grave error in the resolutions which
they offer. These resolutions recognize the ex-
istence of personal liberty laws upon the statute-
books of the North, which are supposed to in-
fringe the Constitution of the United States.
These resolutions denounce the invasion of one
State by the citizens of another State with a hos-
tile intent; they deplore the practice so prevalent
in some States of failing to protect the citizens of
other States traveling or temporarily sojourning
therein. All such evils are to be deplored by good
citizens of whatever section. The committee,
however, propose nothing to remedy the evil.
The resolutions propose to neither prohibit nor
command anything in reference to the personal
liberty laws or other evils complained of. The
report only advises the States to revise their legis-
lation in these particulars.
In my humble judgment, Mr. Speaker, at this
particular juncture, what we most want is a dis-
tinct and prompt recognition of the authority of
the Constitution, and the laws enacted in pursu-
ance thereof, as supreme and paramount to any
State legislation, if that be readily and fully ac-
knowledged, the remedy will soon be found for
the unauthorized and illegal action of States—
whether it be secession ordinances or personal lib-
erty laws. Nullification, in whatever form, must
be met and overthrown. These personal liberty
laws, passed by the northern States, wy.re never
designed to conflict with the Constitution of the
United Spates, or to nullify an net of Congress,
passedjn pursuance of the Constitution. They
were aFsigned, sir, to protect their own citizens
from being kidnapped, and to guard against vio-
lent seizures. If the States which have personal
liberty bills upon their statute-books have in-
fringed the Constitution of the United States, or
nullified any legislation of Congress under it, then
the courts can correct the error. I never heard of
an instance in which any citizen, or considerable
number of citizens, of the North have claimed that
the courts could not declare upon the constitution-
ality of personal liberty bills. They all agree in
the North that it is the right and the duty of the
States to obey the duly rendered judgments of the
courts. I'understand that they have always been
willing to submit their laws to the adjudication of
the courts.
But history furnishes a memorable instance in
which one of the States of the Union, upon the
application of the people of another State, refused
to test the validity or constitutionality of their
own laws in their own courts. I allude, sir, to the
case of South Carolina, when Mr. Hoar was sent
there as a commissioner on .the part of Massa-
chusetts, to test the constitutionality of a law of
South Carolina; she refused to submit to the arbit-
rament of the courts, and drove Mr. Hoar from
her limits. I repeat, then, what I have said, that
the Constitution and the laws passed in pursu-
ance thereof must be recognized as paramount
and supreme to State laws before we can arrive
at any full settlement of our present difficulties;
and this the committee, in a great measure,seem
to have lost sight of.
The committee deplore the evils which are upon
us. The President of the United States, in a
recent message, deplored the secession of States
as a great evil. His argument was an able one
against the right of secession; but he proposed no
remedy for it—he acknowledges no remedy for it.
And like the President—I say it with great re-
spect—the committee, while deploring unauthor-
ized acts, assert no power in the Government to
repress such acts, but only request the States to
desist. All I have to say is, that any plan of com-
promise or settlement which does not recognize
the paramount power of the Constitution and
laws, will not reach the evils so much complained
of. Without a fundamental recognition of the
superior authority of the Federal Constitution,
this Union becomes a mere myth, and the Gov-
ernment a sham.
I legard the slavery question as secondary in
importance to the pretended right of peaceable
secession claimed by States now in open rebellion
against the Government, and actively at work in-
citing other States to like treasonable practices
It is no time to staunch the blood from a flowing
wound caused by the slavery agitation, while this
assassin of secession and rebellion stands with
drawn dagger and uplifted arm to inflict a yet
more fatal blow at the very Government itself.
Make concessions now, in order to preserve this
Government! Four years hence, when we come
to inaugurate another President, new concessions
may be demanded. Thus, a black mail or ran-
som may be regularly levied by one section on
another at each recurring presidential election, if
not oftener, as the price of the Union. It is all
folly, then, to think of compromises and conces-
sions at this time. Nothing less than the life of
the Union is demanded; and every instinct of
self-preservation requires that the terms should
be rejected, and the Government sustained.
I say that the question, of all other questions,
which has now to be settled, is the right of seces-
sion. I appeal to gentlemen who favor a southern
confederacy, whether any Government erected
upon such a foundation could endure. It requires
no prophet's ken to foretell the speedy downfalt
of a confederacy formed upon the specific recog-
nition of the right of secession. It would pass
away with the breath of any State, however small,
that might for any cause, however trivial, declare
that it severed its connection. Such a confederacy
would be hourly and daily in imminent danger of
being broken into a thousand fragments. In such
a confederacy, selfishness will be the overruling
