1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
live in security and repose. We have cheerfully
divided the products of each day's labor at the
South with you of the North; we have never at-
tempted to disturb your social and domestic insti-
tutions, or taught others so to do; we have been
faithful to every engagement, and performed
every obligation imposed on us by the Constitu-
tion.
Sir, no man now lives, or has ever lived, who
has said, or can say, that we of the South, though
heretofore controlling the Government, have ever
withheld a right from or inflicted a wrong on
the North. Can you of the North say that you
have fulfilled all the obligations imposed upon
you by the Constitution ? Have you at the North,
while enjoying a tax which we impose on our
labor for your benefit, ever manifested the slight-
est interest in our welfare? IXave you ever been
as considerate of our welfare as you have been
of that of your foreign neighbors in Canada ?
Along your border, wilh them, you have lived in
peace and friendship'. Along your border, with
us, there has not been a moment of repose for
twenty years. You have throughout the North
societies organized with no other object than to
employ men to excite your own people to war on
your brethren of the South. It cannot be slavery
that you war 011; because slavery exists in its
worst form in sight of your own shore—in Cuba.
I have never hoard of your sending an emissary
to Cuba, though you have more frequent inter-
course with Havana than you have with any of
our ports. Who ever heard that you have ever
made an effort to rob a master on that island of
his slave? Who overheard one word said by
your most malignant Abolitionist against slavery
as it exists anywhere else, except with your
brethren of the South ? From their hands you
have received nothing but kindness. In return
you send emissaries, educated among you, to rob,
poison, burn, and, with the assassin's dagger, to
murder our people.
For twenty years we hnve submitted to this;
we loved the Union because we have been taught
to love it. It was the work of our fathers; and
if it could be preserved in the spirit in which they
made it, it would live fresh in eternal youth, and
exempt from mutability and decay. But, sir, it
exists no longer. Its spirit has fled; and when
in the spirit land, from the tomb it shall arise to
testify against the authors of its untimely fate.
The South, with conscious innocence, will await
the sentence because it will be just; and the North
will be pronounced guilty of the deep damnation
of this taking off.
I have known, Mr. Speaker, for ten years that
dissolution must come. I have seen the irrepress-
ible conflict between labor and capital at the North,
and known that it could but result in favor of the
former, inasmuch as that labor possessed the rev-
olutionary power there, to wit: the elective fran-
chise. Wherever, sir, there is fiee competition
between labor and capital, and that labor is armed
with the unrestricted right to vote, the labor being
always in the majority, must sooner or later so
control the law-making power as to hold the cap-
ital subject to its will. That labor has for many
years past controlled the law-making power of
New England. It has now gained control of the
law-making power jn many States west of the
Hudson; and in the last presidential contest, it
aspired to, and obtained, the control of the law-
making power of this Government. Wherever
there is free competition oflaborand capital, and
that labor vindicates its powerto control the Gov-
ernment, liberty cannot long survive. But the worst
form of despotism will exist as long as there is
capital left upon which it can feed. When this
fails the only result which can follow is, for such
a people, to "return to barbarism.
Thus, society at the North is now pregnant with
the seeds of its own destruction. Its only salva-
tion is a stronger Government, and a restriction
of the elective franchise. This is not speculative
theory, but fact; it is not wild imaginings, but
history. The standing armies of the Oid World
are maintained to keep labor from warring on
capital; not by controlling the law-making power,
for that labor has not the elective franchise, and
hencecannotaspire totheforms ofjustice to legal-
ize its robberies: but those armies are maintained
to pfotect that capital from mob violence. What
protection has your capital from the legalized rob-
bery to which it is even now sometimes subjected?
Does not this free labor now set at naught your
State decrees, if they are annoying to it ? Has it
not scaled the ramparts of the Federal Govern-
ment, destroyed the Constitution, enthroned the
higher law in its stead, and justified such action
by alleging that their own State laws, which they
had made to screen themselves, required them to
despise the authority of the General Government?
It is the free suffrage and free labor of the North
which no w controls the press, the bar, the schools,
and the pulpit. It is the free labor of the North
which has invaded the sanctity of God's altar,
and compelled its ministers to acknowledge its
divinity by dethroning Jehovah and worshiping
Beelzebub. It is the free labor at the North which
hasinvadeil the highest judicial tribunal of justice,
destroying its prerogatives, and teaching men to
despise its decrees. Sir, it has so shattered the
framework of society, that society itself exists
only in an inverted order at the North. Capital
at the North for a long time waged an unequal
contest with labor. It looked then to the Gov-
ernment, and found that impotent for aid. For
momentary security, it seemed to sympathize in
the objects of the fanatics, and to point to the
institutions of the South as fit objects for attack.
Fatal delusion! They noV only introduced the
Trojan horse into theircounting-houses, but drove
away their best customers, by their efforts to en-
slave them.
At the South, our new republic will have no
such element of discord. Capital there owns all
labor which, from its nature, so lowers the man
as to make him unfit for society and self-govern-
ment. Thus capital and labor in our new repub-
lic will work in beautiful harmony; and it is thus
that African slavery furnishes the only basis upon
which republican liberty can be preserved.
You may ask me if we have not free labor at
the South. I answer, yes, in its natural form;
not warring on capital, but sustained by it. We
are proud of that labor. It is enlightened. It con-
stitutes the main pillar in our structure. It is the
sword of our defense, because it is elevated and
dignified by the conservative influence of African
slavery. It will thus, in our new republic, be the
only place on the globe where free suffrage and
free labor constitute conservative elements in the
structure of republican liberty. It will be there
alone where free labor will not be in antagonism
to capital; because capital owns the ontoy labor
which can be oppressed by it, and because labor,
being the capital, will be, as such, carefully pre-
served.
Thus African slavery constitutes the keystone
of the arch which supports the only structure
which free labor, together with free suffrage, will
not and cannot destroy. It must not be supposed
by the people of the North, that the free labor of
the South can ever desire to disturb the relation
of master and slave; on the contrary they will
and must, from necessity, defend it, as it is alone
on the profit of slave labor that free labor finds
employment and lives in peace and plenty. It is
thus that African slavery elevates and dignifies the
free labor of the South, by freeing it of all menial
service. Thus relieved, that labor constitutes a
valuable social and political element in our Re-
public, by working with mutual dependence in
beautiful harmony with capital, consolidating in
one compact mass and brotherhood all the white
men of the South. Sir, this system of ours, thus
purged from all opposing elements, cannot be over-
thrown; it will go on to prosper with accumulat-
ing vigor; for by it the labor of the white man is
freed from the oppression of capital.
It is vain, then, for the free labor of the North,
by the exercise of its revolutionary power, to at-
tempt further the corruption of the free labor of
the South. That labor, Mr. Speaker, has higher
aspirations and holier puiposes to accomplish;
its mission, sir, is to build up, not to destroy an
empire: to observe all the restraints of law and '
the Constitution, and not to despise the restraints
of law and trample in the dust the Constitution;
to protect society by carefully guarding the pul-
pit, not to destroy society by corrupting it. Tne
free labor of the North now seeks the destruction
of this beautiful system of Government. It
knows the secretof our strength, and has judged
rightly where the power of this Samson is. ^ They
have planted their battel les against the institution
of slavery. They know it to be the Redan of our
system; they know its conservative power, and
as long asitexists they Icnowthe free labor of the
South cannot be*boraipted. For this reason has
slavery been assailed; and now that you have got
itin the " course of ultimate extinction,".you are
resolved to use your power, and we are determined
to resist your authority.
What cause do you allege for thus warring on
us ? Have we of the South ever withheld a right
given you by the Constitution, or inflicted a
wrong? Have we not contributed to your suc-
cess and rejoiced in your prosperity? Did not
Virginia, (may God bless lior in this hour,) in
order to destroy jealousy between the North and
South, and give peace to the country, give to the
North the empire of the Northwest? And now,
in this hour of her peril, she turns her eyes to
that powerful empire, the fruit of her womb; hu-
manity would apply the full breast of that youthful
exuberance to the mouth of its afflicted parent;
but tyranny would, Nero like, march to the
throne over the prostrate form of its own mother.
You, too, Nero like, when your proud Capitol
is being consumed by the torch which your own
hands have applied, are reveling amid the ruins
which you made. In the name of an outraged
and oppressed people—in the name of freemen
who know their rights and will defend them, and
in the name of a just God, I charge you to let
this parricidal sin pass from you. You are now
about to assume the reins of Government over
what you have leftof the American Union. You,
as you know, have acquired that power, pledged
to the accomplishment of a single object: the ulti-
mate extinction of our cherished domestic insti-
tution—African slavery.
Before we surrender the authority by which
you are to govern us, we only ask that you will
give us guarantees by which you cannot deprive
us of that protection which the Constitution of
the United States, as interpreted, not by us, but
by the Supreme Court, guaranties to us. This
you refuse to do. You obtain power by pledges
to war on the institutions of the South. We ask
you to throw away the weapons which you have
drawn for our destruction before we yield to your
authority. This you contemptuously refuse to do;
and then, sir, in the memory of Virginia's his-
tory, you appeal to her to preserve the Union!
Then, sirs, beware; Virginians will defend their
liberties, and preserve unrestricted the sovereignty
of their State. They and the gallant men of the
South will not survive their liberties. They were
born freemen, and will never die slaves.
While all propositions for an honorable adjust-
ment have come fiom the injured, outraged,and
insulted section, we of that section have felt that
they should come from the assailing party. We
have felt this to be wounding to our pride, and,
in some degree, tarnishing to our honor. How-
ever, it was a sacrifice upon the altar of our coun-
try, and it was cheerfully made. We owed this
to the memory of our fathers; we owed this to
our generous constituents, who would give their
lives to preserve the UnfOn 111 its primitive purity;
we owed it to humanity to prevent our land from
being torn in civil strife and drenched in fraternal
bloou. We have discharged every duty that
honor, patriotism, and fidelity to our people de-
manded. In short, we have done everything but
surrender the liberties of our people. This we
will never do. I, for one, sir, would sooner see
this Union shattered into atoms, never again to
be reunited, than to return to my people,and tell
thorn that we had saved the Union, but enslaved
them.
I have, Mr. Speaker, in contemplating the new
arrangement of the States which now must be
made, outstripped the wheel of time, and viewed
our southern republic as it will be seen in 1864.
Then the machinery of our government will be 111
full operation and perfected. The most skillful
mechanist -will not be able to detect the slightest
inequality in its bearings. Its movements will be
silent, but powerful. Its balance-wheel will be
African slavery, so well adjusted that its power
will be irresistible, because its motion will be per-
petual. Then will the southern States be united
in bonds of perpetual union; then will our peo-
ple be united in interest, in heart,and sympathy;
then will wo prosper as a people never before have
piospered; because our labor will be freed from
taxation and the product of that labor will have
no competition.
If, then, we have failed to preserve the Union
