THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1861.
New Series.....No. 60.'
cause she is dependent on the South. From her
trade with the South she derives annually an in-
come of more than six hundred million, besides
giving employment to millions of her starving
population. What does she derive from the ex-
port trade ofothe North? Not one cent; because
it is all consumed. Her bread, when there is a
failure in Europe of crops, she sometimes gets
from your ports. This is all. This does not con-
stitute a basis of trade; because it is consumed,
and hence no source of income.
We at the South understand the strength of our
position. The step we are about to take is not one
of our own choosing, but from necessity. That
necessity you have created, against our repeated
protests, as well as against our threats. You have
not heeded our solemn protests, and you have
laughed to scorn our threats. As you have
scorned our threats, so we now scorn yours, and
we defy your power.
Do not, I implore you, suppose that Virginia
will submit to oppression. She loves this Union,
and will sacrifice all, except her honor and the
liberties of her people, to preserve it. You now
assail both. She has called her young men and
her old men together around her council boaid.
They have left their swords at home, because
their presence sometimes engenders strife.
They want peace, and not war; but if you do
not acknowledge the sovereignty of Virginia, and
the equality of her people, you will find them,too,
on the war path.
Mr. WEBSTER obtained the floor.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. MAYNARD. I presume the gentleman
from Maryland does not desire to proceed this
evening; and I ask him to yield to me to enable
me to present a resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER. I yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. RUST. I must object to any business
being done. There are not twenty members in
the Hall.
Mr. MAYNARD The resolution is merely
designed to facilitate the investigation provided
for in the resolution introduced yesterday by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor.]
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
"Resolved, That the special committee of three, appointed
under the resolution of the 14th instant, have leave to sit
dining the sessionsot the House, and to employ a lepotter,
who shall also^act «i^ cieik, at a rate of compensation not
exceeding that usually paid tor similar seivices.
Mr. RUST. I object to that resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD! It is a customary resolu-
tion.
Mr. RUST. I do not care. I object to it ut-
terly. I am opposed to the employment of any
more reporters.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It was the under-
standing of the House that no business should be
done this evening; and whilst I have no objection
to the resolution, I think we ought to carry out
that understanding; in good faith.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Arkansas to withdraw his objection to
the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee,
on condition that he shall strike out that portion
of it which authorizes the committee to employ a
stenographer. What necessity can there be for
the employment of a stenographer?
Mr. MAYNARD. We have to take some
testimony.
Mr. RUST. I object to the resolution.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly emolled"An act
for the relief of Hoekaday and Ligget;" when
the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE EEOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pattov,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed bill of the House for the relief of George
H. Biddings, with amendments, in which he was
requested to ask the concurrence of the House.
60
RICHARD W. MEADE.
Mr. MAYNARD entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution reported
by him this morning from the Committee of
Claims in relation to the claim of Richard W.
Meade was laid upon the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLARK, of Mis-
souri, (at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Febj-xiary 16, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary called the Senate to order.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. Secretary, the Vice Pres-
ident is indisposed this morning, and will not be
able to take his seat as President of the Senate.
I move that the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot]
! take the chair as President pro tempore of the Sen-
ate.
The Secretary. Senators, it is moved and
seconded that Mr. Foot take the chair as Presi-
dent pro tempore. If there be no objection, Mr.
Foot will please take the chair.
There being no objection, Mr. Foot took the
chair as President pro tempore, and directed the
Journal to be read.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House of
Representatives yesterday, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No, 655) granting a pension to Prentis
Champlain—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (99G) for the relief of Azel Spaulding—
to the Committee on Claims.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed unanimously by
| the Committee on Naval Affairs to ask the Senate
, to rcconsider a vote which was taken yesterday.
! I was not m the Senate Chamber when the vote
was taken excusing the Senator from New Jersey
j [Mr. Thomson] from serving upon that commit-
; tee. I wish to say that the intercourse of the com-
I mittee with the chairman has been, without any
interruption, of the kindest character, and they
are unwilling to have this tie broken so near the
; close of the session; and it is their unanimous
j request that he be continued. I have mentioned
| the fact to him, and I hope the Senate will recon-
i sider the vote, so that the committee may have
I the benefit of his service tor the remainder of the
term.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate discharged the Senator
from New Jersey from further service upon the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GREEN. Not m his absence.
Mr. HALE. I have seen the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
. The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Now the ques-
tion recurs on the motion to excuse the Senator
from New Jersey.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS FROM 'COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a motion to print a letter of
the Treasurer of the United States, communicat-
ing copies of his accounts for the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June 30,1860, have
instiucted me to ask that the committee bo dis-
charged, the usual number having been printed in
the House of Representatives.
The committee were discharged.
Mr. FITCH. The same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the acting Secret^ry of
the Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, a transcript of all ac-
counts paid for the erection of the east and west
wings, and the north front of the Patent
building, and for alterations and repairs to the
south front of the same, do not deem themselves
the proper tribunal for the decision of the question
of printing this document. They ask that they
be discharged from its further consideration,and
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. If that committee deem
it worthy of publication, the Senate, of course, on
the recommendation of that committee, will print
the usual number. That was the only question
referred to the Committee on Printing. They re-
port it back, with the request that it be referred, to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.,
and the Committee on Printing be discharged from
the further consideration of it.
The motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to call up the resolution
introduced by the Committee on Printing a day
or two since, on the subject of the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report. The Senator
from Maine, I believe, desires to amend it.
Mr. PEARCE. I will ask the Senator from
Indiana to allow me, before he proceeds with the
discussion of it, to make a report.
Mr. FITCH. I understand there will be no
discussion.
The motion of Mr. Fitch was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, reported by him from the Committee
on Printing, on the 14th instant:
Resolved, That twenty thousand additional copies of tile
annual report ot" the Commissioner of Patent's on agitcul-
ture. for the year 1860, bepiintedfor the use of the Senate;
and five thousand additional copies for distribution by the
Interior Department, including sixteen pages of illustra-
tions.
The resolution was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT MICHLEIl's REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. A report ofthe Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, Lieutenant Michler's report of his
survey for an inter-oceanic ship canal near the
Isthmus of Darien, was yesterday referred to the
Committee on Printing on the question of print-
ing the usual number. It is not usual to referthat
question to the committee. Although I have had
no consultation with my colleagues upon the com-
mittee on the subject, 1 think I can speak for them
m this matter, when 1 say they desire to be re-
lieved from the consideration of the question of
printing the usual number of documents of this
kind. It is for the Senate to decide. The com-
mittee, therefore, ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of that report.
Mr. GREEN. Then it should be now con-
sidered. It is Lieutenant Michler's report.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the present consider-
ation of the motion in that case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee has been discharged; and the question now is
on the motion to print the usual number.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 866) •
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Jinnies on the amendments to the hill (R. R. Wo.
8*36) to supply deficiencies in the appropi mtions for the fis-
cal year ending June 30,1S61, having met, alter full and
free conference, have ngicedto recommend to their respect-
ive Houses, as foliows:
That the Senate recede fioin their disagreement to the
amendments of the Flou^e of Representatives to the second
and sixth amendments of the Senate, and concur in said
amendments of the Hou^e.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the eame with
an amendment,as follows: strike out from the sccond line
of the amendment the words, "ana for office rent, fuel,
&c<and. in the fourth and fifth lines of the amendment,
