946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
strike out the words "$12,857 92," and in lieu thereof in-
sert, u $10,533;" and, at the end of the amendment, add:
Provided, That no paymentshall be made under the terms
of this appiopriation, except upon vouchers of money ac-
tually pan! l>y the several receivers and registers*, such
voucii«r> to be verified bythe affidavits both ofthe registers
and receiver, and thp parties to whom the payments have
been made; nor unless the Secrctaiy of the Interior be sat-
isfied o£* the fairness of the prices allowed: *And provided
further, That the seventh section of the act of the 16th of
August, 1856, " making appropriations for certain eivil ex-
yeiibes of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
une, 1857," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
That the Senale recede from their third amendment.
J. A. PEARCE,
DANIEL CLARK,
WILLIAM BiCLER,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
D. E. SICKLES,
J AM Ed II. CAMPBELL,
CYRUS ALDRICII,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mv. PEARCE. I propose now very briefly to
explain to the Senate the operation of this report.
ft is proposed that the Senate recede from their
disagreement to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the second amendment of the
Senate. The second amendment of the Senate
appropriates $3,000 for miscellaneous items, in the
contingent expenses of the Senate. The House
add to that appropriation these items:
For additional police tor the Capitol, payable by the Sen-
ate, $1,096 97; and for additional police for the Capitol,
payable by the House of Representatives, ,096 97.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation tor taking the
eighth census, $-137,000.
For expends of select committee appointed under the
resolution of llouse of Representatives ot 24th December,
1860, $5,0y0; and tor expenses of select committee made
by order oi the llous e of Representatives ot the 9th of Jan-
wary, 1861, $3,000, making $8,000; and that the said sum
shall be added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the House.
For expend of removing the office of the Fourth Au-
ditor ol the Trea^uiy to the apartments aligned m Wind-
er's building, and for cleansing, i epainng, and furnishing the
same, $3,508 55.
The House concur in the Senate's fifth amend-
ment, with an amendment. This amendment
relates to the Kickapoo land office. The appio-
priation was for the sum of $12,857 92, for the
payment of extraordinary expenses, clerk hire,
office rent, fuel, &c., allowed under the act of
1856, by the Interior Department, but subject
to the approval of Congress. The elFect of the
amendment of the committee of conference is to
reduce the amount by so much as is asked for
office rent, fuel, &c. The object of the law of 1856
was to allow the Secretary of the Interior to au-
thorize certain extraordinary expenses. The com-
mittee did not consider office rent and fuel as
extraordinary expenses, but ordinary and neces-
sary, to be provided for as in other cases; that
is, by the registers at their own expense. That
was therefore stricken out. Then they provide
that the charges for the extra clerk hire shall be
allowed, theie being proof before the committee
of the extraordinary amount of work performed
at that land office. As there was some difficulty
arising in regard to the amount of compensation
allowed these clerks, it is provided that the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall determine upon the
fairness of the charge; and then it was thought
advisable to recommend, also, the repeal of the
seventh section of the act of 1856, which, for the
first time, allowed the Departmentof the Interior
to estimate for and conditionally to sanction these
extra allowances for clerk hire. It was thought
that that act tended very much to induce persons
holding offices of this sort, to run up expendi-
tures of this kind. There are various ways in
which it could be perceived that it was to the in-
terest of the registers and receivers to employ
extra clerks and claim these extra allowances.' It
was thought best, therefore, to repeal it, especially
as it was understood that the law had never been
recommended by the Department of the Interior
or the Land Office, but had, by some inadvert-
ence, crept into the appropriation bill of that
year.
Tiio sixth amendment relates to compensation
for carrying the mail by way of Panama, to Mr.
Vanderbik, under a contract made with the Post-
master G-enerai, which no doubtthe Senate recol-
lect. The effect; of the amendment of the House of
Representatives was to strike out the last para-
graph of that amendment, which, in fact,by some
oversight, was a mere duplication of the former
part, and allowed pay for the same service twice.
We agreed, therefore, to recommend to the Senate
to recede from their disagreement to that amend-
ment on the part of the House.
The last was the item which appropriated
P00,000 for carrying out the conditional contract
made between the Navy Department and Ambrose
W. Thompson and the Chiriqui Improvement
Company. This subject has been much discussed
before the committee. We have been debating it
for three days. There were various considera-
tions, all of which it is not necessary to mention.
Two, however, I will mention. The House of
Representatives seemed to be inflexibly opposed
to it; first, upon the ground that the state of the
Treasury absolutely forbade their making any ap-
propriation for this object at this time; and then
there seemed to be a doubt whether it was not
absolutely necessary, in order to secure the Uni-
ted States fully in the advantages intended to be
acquired by that contract, that the assent of the
New Granadian Government should be given to
it. There have been some indications in an opin-
ion of the supieme court of New Granada, that
the assent of that Government ought to be had.
It was thought advisable that this should be ob-
tained in order to make secure the privileges in-
tended to be acquired by this contract. It appeared
very certain that the harbors to which this con-
tract relates were exceedingly fine harbors, easy
of access, of great depth of water, and with gen-
erally bold shores; that there was coal imme-
diately on their border, and within a very short
distance quite accessible; and that this coal would
be valuable for the purposes of our steam marine
in the Gulf of Mexico and in the Caribbean sea.
It was therefore admitted by the committee gen-
erally, that it was desirable the United States
should obtain these privileges, if it could be done
with perfect prudence; but the objections which I
have mentioned were all-powerful with the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, and the
Senate committee felt that they were not justified
in insisting upon a measure of this sort, as an
amendment to the deficiency bill, which might
jeopard the bill, as we were assured it would cer-
tainly do. We thought that, upon an independent
measure inserted in an appropriation bill, we had
not a right to sacrifice the bill in order to force
the other House to a compliance with that amend-
ment. We thought, too, that the contract would
not be destroyed by the refusal to appropriate the
money at this time; and that, when the additional
security contemplated bythe objection of the com-
mittee could be had, it would be quite competent
to Congress at the next session to ratify this con-
tract, and secure the privileges intended to be
obtained by it.
Mr. GREEN. I call for the special order of
the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take this vote.
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; this cannot be voted
on until it is thoroughly ventilated.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOESE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 125)
for the relief of John Peebles.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 971) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1862;
A bill (No. 997) for the relief of Grcenbury M.
Watkins, of Montgomery county, Maryland;
A bill (No. 653) granting a pension to Herman
J. Ehle;
A bill (No. 778) for the relief of the children of
Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John Yancey; and
A bill (No. 923) granting a pension to Ehza M.
Plympton.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the benefit
of George H. Giddings.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House |!
had ordered, on the 15th instant, at twelve o'clock '!
and fifty-five minutes, the printing of a memorial '1
of the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas, |!
asking an appropriation of money for the payment ; j
of claims awarded to citizens of Kansas by the jj
claim commissioners. jj
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies
m the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 3861.
ENROL&ED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 84Fj mak-
ing further provision in relation to consolidated
land offices. * /
TERRITORY OF DAKOTA. V
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
half past twelve o'clock having arrived, it is in-
cumbent on the Chair to call up the special order
for this hour, which is the bill (S. No. 502) to
provide a temporary government for the Territory
of Dakota, and to create the office of surveyor
general therein. The bill is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the consent of the Senator
from Missouri to allow me to make a report from
the Committee on the Post Officc and Post Roads,
as I want to have it printed, for early considera-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. This business will consume
very few minutes. It is formal,and I want to get
it through; because the chairman of the commit-
tee in the other House says it is very necessary
to have the bills sent over to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed to read the bill.
Mr. GREEN. The reading of the bill can be
dispensed with; and I will point out 
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri refuses to yield the floor. He
asks the Senate to dispense with the reading of
the bill. It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we ought to have it
read. I should like to hear it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. The
Territory to be organized is within the following
limits: commencing at a point in the main chan-
nel of the Red River of the North, where the forty-
ninth degree of north latitude crosses it; thence
up the main channel of that river, and along the
boundary of the State of Minnesota, to Big Stone
lake; thence along the boundary line of the State
of Minnesota to the Iowa line; thence along the
boundary line of the State of Iowa to the point of
intersection between the Big Sioux and the Mis-
souri rivers; thence up the Missouri river, and
along the boundary line of the Territory of Ne-
braska, to the mouth of the Niobrara or Running
Water river; thence following up that river, in
the imddle of the main channel, to the mouth of
the Iveha Paha or Turtle Hill river; thence up
that river to the forty-third parallel of north lati-
tude; thence due west to the present boundaryof
the State of Oregon; thence along the boundary
line of the State of Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritory to the forty-ninth degree of north"latitude;
thence east,a!on^ the foity-ninth degree of north
latitude, to the place of beginning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest that the
reading of this long bill be dispensed with, unless
some one desires it. If it is a copy of the terri-
torial bill which we passed the other day, we all
understand it.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do 1 understand that it is
precisely a copy ?
Mr. GREEN. I will name every variation.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The boundaries,of course,
differ.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is an oversight dis-
closed in the boundary which has been read that
requires changing.
Mr. GREEN. I have already got that marked
to change it. I move, in the nineteenth Une of
the first section, to strike out the word* " State
of Oregon," and insert " Territory of Washing-
ton;5' and in the twentieth Ism1, to strike out the
'• StateofOregon and.,> I will explain whythatis.
This was drawn from an old model furnished to
me by my predecessor, when Oregon came tip to
the summit of the Rocky Mountains: but since
Oregon was admitted as a State, the remainder of
Oregon Territory was attached to the Territory
of Washington, and it ia therefore necessary for
