1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
us to say " Washington," instead of" Oregon,"
in fixing the boundary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. The usual practice of the Senate
has been to present petitions as the first thing in
order in the morning hour, and I move to post-
pone this bill for a few minutes for that purpose;
or, if there be no objection, I will present my peti-
tions without making that motion.
Mr. GREEN. I have objection. I want to
get through with this bill.
Mr. KING. I move to postpone the present
order of business until an opportunity can be had
for the presentation of petitions, memorials, and
reports.
Mr. GREEN. "We made a special order yes-
terday, and I think we can get through with it in
half an hour. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
vote down the motion of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. KING. We ought to have this little cour-
tesy of being allowed to present these papers.
We do not want to bring them hei*e morning after
morning, to be presented. The usual practice
has been to allow petitions to be presented as the
first thing, it is first in order. I do not want to
postpone the bill if I can help it; but as the pre-
sentation of petitions is objected to, 1 must make
the motion.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I want to know who will kill
the territorial bills, for I shall never call them up
again,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to say one
"word. I dislike very much to disagree with my
friend from New York, but we have this strug-
gle almost daily, and waste away the morning
hour. It will take ten or fifteen minutes to debate
the question and take the yeas and nays. We
have the territorial bills up. They arc important.
They were assigned for this hour. We are in the
midst of them. Now comes in a motion to post-
pone them, and to bring in other things. If the
Senator from New York had had the floor upon
a bill, I should have insisted on his retaining it
until he was through. We lose much lime by
this course, and I hope he will not persist.
Mr. KING. It will be necessary to have some
more definite rule, such as they have in the House
of Representatives, if the practice which we have
been falling into lately be persisted in by the Sen-
ate. There is a scramble for the floor in the
morning which we ought not to have here. We
should do business a great deal better by going
on in regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair re-
quests Senators to refrain from loud conversa-
tion, which so seriously interrupts the body in its
business.
Mr. KING. I think it much better that we
should take this business in its order. It will take
but a few moments, probably, to dispose of the
petitions and reports, and then this bill comes up as
a matter of course. Petitions and other business
have been crowded out. I am disposed to let the
Senate decide the question; but, in my judgment,
it expedites the business to do things in their
order.
Mr. GWIN. Before this vote is taken I will
state that I am as anxious as any member of this
body to pass the territorial bills; but I have a
report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to make, on a question of vital
consequence to my State, and to a portion of these
Territories, at least; and that is in regard to the
passage through Congress of a system of over-
land mails. All 1 want is to make my report, and
have it printed, so that it can come up for consid-
eration. I consider it due to the committee that
they should have it brought up and considered at
an early day.
The question being taken on Mr. King's mo-
tion by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 11, nays
30; as follows:
Yil VS — Messrs. Bingham, Crittenden, Douglas, Gwin,
Hemphill, Kennedy, ICihg,Nicholson, Sebastian, Simmon,
and Suinnei—11.
NAYS—Me^ix. Baker, Bigier, Bragg, Bright, Chaudlei,
Claik, Dixon, Ooolitlle. Dundee, Fev-aenden, Pitch. Foot,
Fotw. Gt"on. Hutan, Uii'itct, Jolinvm of Tenne^ee,
Lane. Latham, I\Ia>on, Mouill, Polk, Powell, Uieo, Ten
E\ek, Trumbull, Wade, WigfdU, WilUu^on, and Wilson
^30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. In the ninth section, sixty-
sixth line, I move to strike out (( Oregon" and
insert44 Nebraska." In the tenth section, four-
teenth line, to strike out " Oregon" and insert
" Nebraska." This is in relation to the fees of
the clerk and marshal, so that they shall receive
the same as officers in Nebraska Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. On consultation with the chair-
man of the committee in the House of Represent-
atives, I have agreed to move to strike out, in the
ninth section, the words, in the forty-fifth line,
after the word " dollars," down to the fiftieth line,
to the word " and." I will read the words to be
stricken out:
"Except that a writ of error or appeal shall be allowed to
the Supreme Court of the United States irom the decibion
of the said supreme court created by this act, or of any
judge thereof, or of the district courts created by tins act,
or of any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus
involving the question of personal freedom."
The existing law covers the entire case any-
how, and therefore there is no necessity for this
clause.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should be obliged to the
Senator from Missouri if he would point my at-
tention to what existing law there is that covers
that provision, if it be stricken out.
Mr. GREEN. The remainder of the same
section is:
And each of the said district courts shall have and exer-
cise the same jurisdiction in all cases arising under the
Corstitution and law* of the United States as is vested in
the cneuit and distiietcouitsof the United States; and the
said supremo and district couit* of the said Temtoiy, and
the ielective judges thereof, j,hail and may giant writ* of
habeas cm put m all cases in which the same are grantable
by the judges of the United States m the District of Co-
lumbia.
That covers the same thing precisely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not satisfied that that
does cover it. The one provides for an appeal
to the Supreme Court in the case of an issue in-
volving peisonal froedom. The other provides for
issuing* aAvnt of habeas corpus. One is a matter
of habeas corpus, and the other a matter of appeal.
They are entirely different matters. This pro-
vision of the bill has a history. During the
pendency of the compromise measures of 1850,
it was suggested that unless this provision was
inserted in the territorial bills, if a person was
arrested as a slave who claimed his freedom, he
could not get an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States to have the question tried, for
the reason that the value of the slave might not
be $1,000, and hence he could not avail himself
of the benefit of the right. In order to enable a
person claimed as a slave, but who claimed tofj
be free, to bring his suit for personal freedom and
to have an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, this provision was inserted. I
presume the Senators who were members of the
body at that day will recollect the argument upon
it. It was adopted, according to my recollection,
unanimously, after the necessities of it had been
pointcdout. I do notsee the object of the amend-
ment striking it out. Is it to deny to a person
who is claimed as a slave, but who claims that he
is free, the privilege of appeal if the local court
decides against his freedom? That seems to be
the effect; i cannot see any other, unless some
reason for striking out be given. As it now is,
a peison claimed as a slave has a right to bring |
his suit for freedom, and if the local court decides j
against him he has the right of appeal. This j
amendment takes away the right of appeal in the i
event of the local court deciding against him. <'
Why should that appeal be taken away? We |
inserted it ten years ago fur the express purpose  
of giving the right of appeal in such cases. I ;
should certainly like to know some reason for i
striking it out of this bill. ;
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is a little mistaken.
The clause that I propose to strike out, is not the
clauso that gives a right of appeal where personal ;
freedom is involved; and if he will read it over ,
again, he will discover his mistake. It is the right j
of appeal in cases arising on habeas corpus, and i
nothing else. I will read it again: j
That a writ of error or appeal *liaU he allowed to the 1
Supreme Court of the United Slates fioni the decision of
the sa.d ^ipreme couit etenu d bv tins act, or ot any judge
thereof, 01 of the distr.c* courts created by this* act, or of
any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus involving
the question of personal freedom.
It is no other case; and the Senator is entirely
mistaken. Is there any necessity ibr that appeal
in a case of habeas corpus, when, in the latter part
of the same section, it says that sc h<ibea$ corpus
shall be tried in all cases, and the rightof appeal
shall exist in all cases, as it now exists in the
District of Columbia. Is not that satisfactory?
That is the reason that I made this motion. I
thought the bill, as it stood,-looked like a sort
of multiplication of unnecessary words. This
amendment involves no question between the
northern and southern States, between the slavery
and the anti-slavery sentiment, it is simply for
the purpose of simplifying the bill, and bringing
it down, so that we can comprehend it with less
tautology than has heretofore been found in ter-
ritorial bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only desire the Senate to
understand precisely what they are asked to do.
I shall not argue it, but simply invite to it the
attention of the Senate. I do not think that I am
mistaken as to the effect of it. The amendment
is to strike out these words:
Except that a writ of error or appeal shall be allowed to
the Supreme Court of the United States from the decision
of the said supreme corn t created by this act, or of any judge
thereof, or of the district courts created by this act, or of
any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus—
What else?
involving the question of personal freedom.
It is where tliere is a case of habeas corpus in-
volving personal freedom, that the appeal is al-
lowed by the original bill. The objection used
to be that, inasmuch as an appeal could not be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States
except where the amount in controversy was
$1,000, and the slave might not be worth $1,000,
if the local courtdecided against his freedom when
it came up on a writ of habeas corpus, the question
could not come before the Supreme Court of the
United States. To obviate that, we provided that
the slave might appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and try the question of freedom
there. Now, this is a proposition to repeal so
much of the law as gives the alleged slave the
right of appeal when the decision is made against
htm in the local court. If the other side of the
Chamber, or this side, desire to deny that right
of appeal, a right that has existed since 1850—and
the clause was inserted then for the express pur-
pose of giving it—all I have to do is to ask for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of this amendment.
I repeat, the next clause does not covpr the ques-
tion; the next clause relates merely'to the right
to issue writs of habeas corpus, and does not give
the right of appeal when the decision is against
the person claiming his freedom. The simple
question involved in fhis amendment is whether
you will deny to the alleged slave claiming his
freedom, the right to appeal, or not. i ask for the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to make this
remark: I am satisfied with it in or with it out.
I have moved the amendment at the instance of
the chairman of the Committee on Territories of
the other House. I know it will not amount to
a feather either way, for the law covers the case
as well with it stricken out as with it in; and if
the Senator thinks a slave ought to have this priv-
ilege of appeal, I do not think so. If one is
wrongfully held in slavery, and wants to claim the
right to appeal to the court, he ought to have it;
but not so with one who is rightfully held in sla-
very. However, I am perfectly willing for it to
be stricken out, or perfectly willing for it to be
retained. Tiic law covers the case already, if
stricken out; if not stricken out, it is only tau-
tology; and therefore I am content in either
case.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. One word more. It cannot
be allowed to go off on the ground that I am
wishing to give a slave, and not a free man, the
right of appeal. This is a case where a ^person
is claimed as a slave, who claims that he is free,
and the question to be tried is, whether is entitled
to his freedom or not; and the Senator from Mia-
souii proposes to deprive him of the right of ap-
peal in a ease which involves the question of his
freedom. I propose to let him have an appeal to
ascertain whether he is a slave-or a freeman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This provision operates
both ways, and not one way, as my colleague
supposes. As it stands here. H involves the right
of appeal in a case where the decision is in favor
