1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
begs leave to suggest, as a matter of practical con-
venience, that the amendments be made in the
order of the sections,
Mr. LANE. I desire to inquire whether this
is the proper time to offer my amendment to the
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator propose a substitute for the whole bill?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tbat question
will not come up in order until the original bill
shall have been perfected. If there arc other
amendments to the original bill, they will be first
ill order.
Mr. LANE. At any rate, my amendment may
as well be sent up and read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be received and read for information;
but it will not be considered in order until after
the original bill shall have been perfected.
The Secretary read Mr. Lane's amendment,
as follows: Strike outall after the enacting clause
of the bill, and insert:
That on all sueh goody, wares, merchandise, or other arti-
cles imported Irom foreign countries, as are mentioned 111
schedules A, B. and C, of an act entitled " An act reducing
the dutv on imports, and for other purposes," approved the
30th day of July, in the year 1846, there shall lie levied,
collected, and paid a duty of 30 per centum ad valorem;
and that the said act, nppioved the 30th day of July, in the
year 1646, he, and the same is hereby, revived (except as
hereinbefore excepted) m every schedule, section, or clause
thereof, saving, nevertheless, the full effect and opeiatmn
ot the act entitled "An act to establish a warehousing
system, and to amend an act entitled 'An act to piovide
revenue fioni mipoits, and to change and modify existing
laws imposing duties on imports, and for other pui poses,'
appioved the 6th day of August, in the year 1846, and the
6eveial acts amendatory or suppiementaiy to the same.
Sec. 2. .'Ind be it further enacted, That the act entitled
" An act reducing tile duty on impoits, and foi otliei pur-
poses," appioved the 3d day of March, in the year 1857,
except the filth section thereof, be, and the same "is heieby,
repealed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthis act shall take
effect on the 1st day ol July next: Provided, That no higher
<311 ty shall be chaiged on goods, wares, merchandise, or
othei articles in store on that day, than weic chargeable at
the time of their importation.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose, on page 11, in
section seven, line eighty-eight, to strike out" 25"
and insert " 30;" so as to make the clause read:
On all manufactures of iron, not otherwise provided for,
30 per ceiitum, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In section nine, line five,
after the word "lead," where it first occurs, I
move to insert, "and oxide of zinc;" so as to
read:
On white lead, oxide of zinc, dry or ground in oil, red
Jead, and lithaige, 1 j- cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the seventh line of that |
section, after the word " lead," I move to insert, \
"eliminate and bi-chromate of potash," and to
strike out those words in the next line.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand the Senator
from PJiode Island to say that these are amend-
ments of the committee winch ho is offering now ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; not of the entire
committee. I am merely transposing some of
these things to a specific duty where they were
left under an atl valorem one.
Mr. HUNTER. Did I understand the Senator
to say that they were amendments of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Amendments that two or
three of I he committee have seen and agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I never heard of them.
Mr. SIMMONS. .No doubt you will object to
them.
Mr. HUNTER. I think wo ought to have
been consulted. The committee ought to have
been summoned in regard to them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move them, then, on my
own account, as having been suggested to me to
perfect the bill. This amendment does not change
the duties at all on these articles, but only makes
them specific. I am only proposing to insert
some things that were omitted in the bill. The
present amendment is to put chromate and bi-
chromate of potash at 3 cents a pound, instead of
15 per cent., which is just what the percentage
•would amount to now.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear that
amendment read. The Senator makes what
amendments he pleases, it seems.
The Secretary read the amendment; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the eleventh line of the
same section, I propose to insert, after " Paris
white," the words, "and pipe clay;" so as to
make the clause read:
On Paris white, and pipe clay, and ochres, or ochery
earths, not otherwise provided for, when dry, 3o cents per
one hundied pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose now, in the thir-
tieth line of the ninth section, on page 14, to strike
out the words, " and 25 cents;" so as to make the
duty on opium §1 a pound, in lieu of §1 25. It is
a pretty high duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the next line, the duty
on morphine and its salts is put at §1 25 per
ounce. I move to strike out the words " and 25
cents;" so as to leave it $1 per ounce.
Mr. HUNTER. A Senator near me suggests
that the Senator from Rhode Island moved to add
to the duty on iron—raising the ad valorem from
25 to 30 per cent. Is ho mistaken, or is he not?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not on iron, but on manu-
factures of iron.
Mr. HUNTER. Did the Senator move that
as an amendment from the committee?
Mr. SIMMONS. I moved it as an amendment
from a portion of ihcm. On thinking this matter
over, as we had raised the duty on the raw mate-
rial, we thought we ought to put up the manu-
factured article.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not asking the Senator
for the reason, but for the fact. Did he report
that as coming from the committee?
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not; but three of the
committee agreed to it. I said to the Senator that,
if he objected that these amendments were not
agreed to in a full meeting, I would offer them as
little suggestions of my own.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it was a commit-
tee of five, but it seems it is only one of three.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 told you that, if you pre-
ferred to take the amendments from me person-
ally, I would offer them us my amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
amendment, offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, is to strike out the words" and 25 cents,"
in lines thirty-one and thirty-two of page 14; so
that the clause will read:
On moiphme and its salts, $1 per ounce.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the thirty-second line of
the same section, 1 move to insert, after " liquor-
ice paste," the words " or jiticc." I find the ar-
ticle is sometimes imported as juice.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I have an amendment to pro-
pose.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall get along as fast as
I can.
Mr. WADE. Let me offer my amendment
while you are looking for youis.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well.
Mr. WADE. On page fifteen, lino twenty-
six, of section ten, I move to strike out " ten,"
and insert "sixteen;" so that the clause will
read:
On flaxseed and linseed, 16 cents per bushel of fifty-two
pounds.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe tlfts article is now
free, and the duty imposed in the bill is a pretty
large one. If this were an original question, 1
should agree to the duty suggested by the Senator;
but as it passed the House of Representatives at
10 cents, and as this article constitutes the return
cargo of most of the ships that go to California,
and then across to India, I suggest whether one
jump to 10 cents a bushel is not about enough to
carry it to now. I am disposed to meet the gen-
eral views of the Senator from Ohio, to do every-
thing we can to encourage the raising of flaxseed
in this country; but this is a pretty high move all
at once.
Mr. WADE. I would inquire of the Senator
whether there is any difference between flaxseed
and linseed?
Mr. SIMMONS. There is none.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and announced that the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr- TEN EYCK  Is it too late to have the
ayea and noes on that last amendment? TKe ques-
tion was put while I was endeavoring to get the
floor to read a letter which I have received on that
subject.
"f he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a demand for a division. The Chair
is unwilling that the Senate should feel itself bound
by any premature decision of the Chair, The
Chair will receive the call for a division on the
amendment.
Mr. WADE. Before the question is put, as
the vote is to be taken over again, I will say a few
words on my amendment. 1 do not wish to de-
lay the Senateby making a speech on thissubject;
but I will barely say that the culture of -flaxseed
is a great and growing interest in many parts of
our western country; and, in the State of Ohio,
my constituents are very deeply interested in it.
I do not ask for the amountof protection that was
formerly given this article in previous tariff bills.
Under the tariff of 1842, the duty was 20 ceots a
bushel. Under the tariff of 1846,, it was 60 psr
cent, ad valorem. Under the tariff of 1857, by a
bare mistake, it came in free. It was not intended
to be so. It is about the only thing that our
farmers in the West have any protection on at
all. There is a large importation of flaxseed that
could better be raised in our country; and it ought
to be raised here. This amount of duty, in my
judgment, ought to bo put on. It is no more than
it should be; and I think it will only make a fair
competition between our country and foreign
countries. The importation is very large.
I know there is a little difference in interest be-
tween the manufacturers in this part of the coun-
try, the makers of oil along the Atlantic coast,
and the producers of flaxseed. The manufac-
turers want it to come in free, probably, so as to
manufacture oil cheaply; but we, being the pro-
ducers, are interested in having a duty upon the
raw material. There is hardly anything in the
whole West that can, in the nature of things, re-
ceive much protection; and this article being one
on which we can have an advantage, I think it is
no more than right that we should have it. I do
not ask to put on it as great an amount of duty as
was formerly given. In the tariff of 1857, linseed
and flaxseed were supposed to mean different
things, and this led to a construction at the Treas-
ury which brought flaxseed in free. It was a
mistake. It was not intended. Under the tariff
of 1842, the duty was 20 cents a bushel. I have
inquired of gentlemen representing the West, and
they say that they will be satisfied with 16 cents
a bushel, although they believe that it really
ought to be 20. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to, fixing the duty at 16 cents.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I regret to be called upon
to take any position antagonistic to the position
assumed by my friend from Ohio; but in different
sections of the Union there are different interests.
I do not mean to prolong this discussion, because
I am not perfectly familiar with the subject; but
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate to
an extract or two from a letter which I received
from a very respectable house—the house of J. &
C. Moore & Co., of Jersey city, on this subject.
These persons are engaged in the manufacture of
oil, and in the manufacture of this seed in one
way or another; and in a letter recently received
by me, and which I was in search of when the
Chair put the question before, they say that they
would be satisfied with a duty of 10 cents per
bushel on linseed; that that " would be satisfac-
tory both to the manufacturers and dealers;" but
to raise the duty to 16 per cent, would " destroy
their business and greatly diminish the revenue.
This letter was written by a gentleman with whom
I am familiar, William M. Force, one of the mem-
bers of the firm, a reliable man, fully acquainted
with his business, and a gentleman who would
not say anything that was not strictly in accord-
ance with the truth. I believe that the raising of
this duty in the mode proposed now by the ^Sen-
ator from Ohio, will have the effectof prejudicing
this business, and decreasing the revenue which
wc desire to raise for the support of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to one or two facts, in addition to
those stated by the Senator from Ohio. I have
a little abstract before me of the revenue received
on linseed and flaxseed for the last eight or nine
