1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a bill as this. I want that Senator to understand
that I am a farmer myself, and raised wool before
lie was born. He thinks it a fine business to get
up here and arraign people that are making tar-
iffs and accuse them of being leagued with great
capitalists in the central cities, and against labor.
Sir, I have labored quite as many years as he has;
and when he finds mc leaguing against labor'and
in favor of capital, it will be time enough for him
to accuse me of it. I said this duty was agreed
to by delegations of farmers, or the men repre-
senting them, and manufacturers, and members
of the committee. They had the subject up over
and over again, and finally agreed upon this;and
they agreed to be satisfied with it last year. If I
could see any way in the world to benefit any
leading interest in this country, I would do it iu-
stanter; but I will tell that Senator, loud as he
may talk about the interest of farmers, the prop-
osition he makes would be ruinous, ten times as
bad as this bill. He proposes a duty of 20 per
cent, ad valorem on wool. It would be invoiced
so that you would not get 2 cents a pound on it.
We put a duty of 0 cents on this wool that we
think comes mostly in competition with the wool
of the United States. As to those wools that do
not come in competition, but enable our coarse
woolen manufacturers to make descriptions of
blankets and coarse goods that they could not
otherwise make, we let them in free. If there is
anything wrong m it, I would go as far as any-
body to try to avoid it. But for these manufac-
turers, there would be no demand for that wool
at all m this country, and I can tell Senators we
make the best wool of any country in the world
to make warps of. Pennsylvania and Ohio raise
the best wool of any part of the world to make a
warp for goods—better than is raised anywhere
in Europe; but they make better wool in Europe
to make filling of; it will felt better than ours. 1
have known wool-growers to ship wool to Liv-
erpool to sell to English manufacturers for warps,
while we were importing wool to make filling of.
I will not enlarge upon this subject; but 1 be-
lieve my friend from Michigan, who desires to
guard this bill against frauds, will reach his pur-
pose by leaving it as it is. If you should stop
tins importation of coarse wool, which is now let
in free, you would kill all the mills, because it
is let in free all over the world. We have only
put a duty of 10 per cent, on blankets, above the
duty on the wool 6 cents a pojind. There arc a
good many things that get in, in order to make
these coarse articles which you cannot touch.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the proposed amend-
ment ?
Mr. GWIN. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read it; in line eight of section
twelve, to strike out the words " shall exceed 18
cents per pound, and," so that, the section will
read:
First, on all wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the
alpaca, goat, and other like animaN, unmanufactured, the
Vtiiiie wheieof at the last port oi place trom whence ex-
potted to the United States, shall nut exceed 24 cents per
pound, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of
3 cents per pound.
Mr. GWIN. I think that is the best amend-
ment that has been proposed to this bill, and I
hope it will be adopted. I shall vote for it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bajard, Bingham, Bragg. Bright, Chand-
ler. Ohngman, Gicfti, Gwin, Hemphill, lluntei, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy. Lane, Latham, Mason, Nichol-
son, Pearcp, Polk, and Powell—19.
NAYS—Mcss is. Anthony, Busier, Cameron, Clark, Dix-
on. Doolmle, Douglas Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gilines,
Ilati.tn, King,Seward, Simmons, Sumnei,TenEyck, Wig-
fall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-20.
So the amendment was not agreed to
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend by sinking
out tiie whole of the first proviso, on page 1 /, and
inserting what I send to the Chair.
Mr. POWELL. The amendment that I offered
to the twelfth section has not been disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Ohio is to amend that twelfth
section, which will be in order before the question
is taken on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Kentucky; inasmuch as that is to strike out
the section, and the Senator from Ohio proposes
an amendment to perfect it. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, on page
19, to strike out the first proviso, in the following
words:
« Provided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the
alpaca, the goat,and other like animals wlueh.shall beim
ported in any other than theoidinary condition, as now and
heretofoie piacticed,or which shall be changed In its char-
acter or condition for the puipose of evadtne the duty, or
which shall be reduced in valueby the admixture ot dirt or
any foreign substance to 18 cents per pound, or less, shall be
subject to p iy a duty of 9 cents per pound, anything in this
act to the contrary notwithstanding."
And to insert, in lieu thereof:
That all imported wool, which shall contain a larger ad-
mixture of dirt, burrs, yolk, grease, or other substance other
than fine wool—than good merchantable wool of a similar
quality and fineness, the giowth and produce of the United
States'—shall be reduced in weight to the extent of such
excess; and duty shall be levied on such imported wool,
according td* its value per pound, when so reduced in
weight.
Mr. WADE. I believe that better effects the
object that was intended by the committee than
their own provision. I do not want to alter what
they intend to effect; but it seems to me, this
amendment would be better At any rate,let us
have a vote upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I consider
this the mostimportant amendmentthathas been
offered. I know something about this imported
wool. I have seen wool imported free, valued
under 18cents a pound, that was actually worth
60 cents a pound after it was cleansed; and a very
large proportion of the wool that is imported free,
under 18 cents a pound, is actually wool that comes
in competition with our best grades of western
wool. Now, sir, this proviso of the committee
does not reach the case. You cannot prove that
they intended fraud. The wool is imported in the
dirt, and it is very dirty; it is mixed, and it is
wonderfully mixed; but there is every grade, and
there is every grade of dirt. Let the wool be re-
duced to its proper weight when cleaned, and you
will have an absolute bar-to fraud. Without that,
you have no bar. I hope this amendment will be
adopted. I hope that every friend of the bill will
vote for it; for it is the only safeguard that has
yet been offered against fraud.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will not detain the Senate
long; but I desire to correct a little misapprehen-
sion on the part of the Senator from Michigan.
The committee did not insert this proviso in the
bill. It was in the bill as it came from the House;
but I should vote against altering it. This taking
the wool in the custom-house and cleaning the
I yolk and the dirt out of it to find how much per-
| centagc it should pay, would be a very unsafe
I process. If this provision is retained, and there
I is danger about its being embarrassed by the words
j " for the purpose of avoiding duty/' I will move
I to strike them out; so that, if it comes in in a state
! other than the ordinary state, it shall pay the high-
est duty; and then, whether they intend to cheat
or not, if it is not imported in the ordinary way
let them pay 9 cents upon it.
Mr. B1GLER. We have a right to do that
now, as the Senator from Ohio proposes to strike
out the whole clause.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say if the provision is not
stricken out, and it is deemed necessary, I will
move that amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. But we can do it now, if it is
desired, before the motion to strike out is put.
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot offer the amend-
ment until the present one is disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that the amendment be
again reported.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
• from Kentucky.
Ii Mr. POWELL. On that question I call for
!j the yeas and nays.
<j The yeas and nays were ordered.
j| Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say one woid.
Here is a proposition to reduce the duty on this
ii line wool 20 per cent., wlueh is not near us much
protection, in my deliberate judgment, as they
have under (he provisions of , this bill. If Sena-
tors want to destroy what little e n c o u rage men twe
have undertaken to give the growing ofwooJ,4hey
can vote for it. I hope .the friends of the wool-
growers will vote against it.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Rhode
Island seems to be the champion of the farming
interest here. I have no id.ea that the amendment
I propose will satisfy the manufacturing interest,
but I do-think it will satisfy the farmers. I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the amendment be
again reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
Mr. GREEN. I object to the reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made to the reading of the amendment, it hav-
ing been repeatedly read, it can only be read by
a vote of the Senate. The question is: " Shall the
amendment be read
The call for the reading of the amendment was
negatived.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Powell's amendment, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Cling-
man, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce,
Polk, Powell, Sebastian, and Trumbull—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Fossenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Ejck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
8o the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I propose to amend the twelfth
section by inserting, after the word " pound,"
in the ninth line, these words: " shall be subject
to a duty of 20 per centum ad valorem." That
will make the 20 per cent, duty apply only to
coarse wools. ' -
The Secretary read the amendment, in the ninth
line of the twelfth section, to insert, after the word
" pound," the words " shall be subject to a duty
of 20 per cent, ad valoremso that the clause will
read:
First. All wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the
alpaca, goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured, the
value whereof at the last port or place from whcncc ex-
ported to the United States shall exceed 18 ccnts pcrpound,
and shall not exceed 24 cents per pound, shall be subject
to a duty ot HO per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to modify that amend-
ment by striking out the words " shall exceed
18 cents per pound, and."
Mr. BINGHAM. That is exactly the amend-
ment I offered.
Mr. POWELL. Then the clause will read:
All wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca,
goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured, the value
j whereof at the last port or place tiom whence exported to
the United States shall not exceed 24 cents per pound, shall
be subject to a duty of 20 percent, ad valorem.
Mr. BIGLER. As I understand the Senator
from Kentucky, he is in fact offering the same
amendment which has been voted down.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. It is substantially the same.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly, not.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is mistaken. The other proposed a duty of
3 cents, and this 20 per cent.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator moves to make
the duty 20 per cent, ad valorem, and that was
voted down.
Mr. HUNTER. Oh, no. The proposition
voted down was to impose a duty of 3 cents a
pound.
Mr. POWELL. This is an ad valorem duty
that I propose; and it is to extend only to coarse
wools.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a woid to say to the
friends of the bill. Some of these amendments
are m substance the same as the provisions in the
bill. Then why are they necessary5 If they de-
sire to carry the bill, I hope they will vote against
all the amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the proposi-
ij tion of the Senator from Kentucky is to levy a
ij duty of 20 per cent, on wool valued at less than
ji 24 cents a pound. That is a higher rate of duty
j! than my proposition to lay a duty of 3 cents a
I pound on it, which would be from 12 to 15 per
ii cent. I should prefer a lower rate, because 1 do
not want to do anything to injure the manufac-
j' turors; but I shall vote for this amendment now
J; as the best I can do.
