956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
- Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 23; as follows:
YJBAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Cling-
man, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Polk,
Powell, and Sebastian—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Cameron, Chandler,
• Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkfte, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
.Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Sunnier,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I think it is impossible to get
through with this bill to:day, and I move that the
Senate adjourn. 1" Oh! no."1 It is Saturday
evening.
Mr. BIGLER. We had better go on an hour
yet.
The question being put on the motion to ad-
jenrn, there were, on a division—ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. GREEN. That is not a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is sufficient that the Senate do
not adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. But you cannot go on with
business without a quorum.
Mr. HALE. How many voted ?
Mr. BAYARD. I submit that unless it ap-
pears that there is a quorum of the Senate on
any question which is brought before it, we can
proceed to no other business until a quorum is
here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We can take
no vote without a quorum; but it does not require
a quorum on a question of adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a recount. I
think there is a quorum in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being again put, there were, on
a division—ayes 12, noes 25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I wish to offer an amendment
to this bill, and but one. If the policy of the bill
be to prohibit the importation of any matter men-
tioned in it, it has been effected, I doubt not, by
the clause which 1 shall propose to amend; or if
the policy of the bill be to depart from the usual
spirit of taxation, to impose taxes upon necessa-
ries and to exempt luxuries, it is effected by the
clause to which I shall advert. I propose to
amend the bill, in section six, on page 7, from
lines thirty-eight to forty-three—the tax on cigars.
The bill imposes a graduated tax upon cigars,
taxing very heavily those that are cheap, and
proportionally exempts from tax those that are
expensive and costly. The bill provides—I take
the printed amendment, as I understand the amend-
ment proposed by the committee was adopted:
On cigars of all kinds, valued at $5, or under, per thou-
sand, 20 cents per pound; over §5, and not over $10, 40
cent-, per pound ; and over $10,60 ccnts per pound, and, m
addition thereto, 10 per centum ad valorem.
My attention has been called to that, because
the section of country from which I come is deeply
interested in the tobacco product. I never had
inquired into it before particularly, but I was sur-
prised that they could take tobacco from Virginia
and Kentucky to Germany,and there manufacture
it into cigars, and bring them back and sell the
cigars at prices that brought them within reach
of the humblest smoker. I know enough of to-
bacco and the consumption of tobacco to know
that, like tea and coffee, it has become a neces-
sary, an absolute necessary. We might dispense
with teaand coffee,asfaras nutrition is concerned,
and live without them; and we might dispense with
tobacco,as far as nutrition is concerned,and live
without it; but it has entered into such general
use among all classes, the wealthy and the poor,
as to have become as essentially a necessary as
these eastern products of tea and coffee. It is a
necessary to the poor man, an indulgence to the
more wealthy class; anecessaryto the poor man,
that he may have the tobacco; an indulgence to
the wealthy class, that he may indulge himself in
flavor. Those who projected this bill tax the
necessary of the poor, and comparatively exempt
the indulgence of the wealthy, as I will show to
you, and in the most extraordinary manner.
Who ever heard of cigars being rated by the
pound? They are not rated so in the market.
Mr. BAYARD. The English tariff imposes a
duty on the pound.
Mi. MASON. But we are not in England.
Mr. BIGLER. We were yesterday, on the
warehousing subject.
Mr. MASON. Who ever heard, in this coun-
try, of cigars being valued by the pound—I mean
who among the consumers? I had not the most
remote idea how many cigars by the tale would
be measured by a pound; nor has anybody else.
I doubt whether there is a Senator on this floor,
unless those who have projected this bill, who
have any idea how many cigars make a pound.
They are sold by the thousand, or by the hun-
dred, or by the dozen.
Mr. POLK. I am under the impression that
the Senator from Virginia is mistaken. The pound
portion was struck out, I believe, and now the
valuation is by the thousand.
Mr. MASON. I take the bill as it is here; the
amendment is in italics.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia is
right.
Mr. MASON. The amendment which has been
adopted values them at so much a pound. My
attention was drawn to it to see how the tax would
work. The bill taxes cigars that are valued at
$5 or under per thousand, 20 cents per pound in
the first place, as a specific tax, and then 10 per
cent, ad valorem additional. I put myself to the
trouble of inquiring, and I found that the cheapest
cigars that are imported are those, I think, chiefly
from Germany; and far the larger portion of
cigars that are brought from Germany are at prices
from $2 50 to $3 per thousand. Now, as the bill
stands with the amendment of the committee,
cigars valued at $9 50 or $3 per thousand in Ger-
many, are taxed 20 cents a pound, and of these
cigars a thousand weigh about thirteen pounds.
Then the tax upon them by weight is §2 60 a
thousand. Putting their value at $2 50, (and the
larger number of cigars, I believe, are imported at
thai rate,) the ad valorem tax of 10 per cent, is 25
cents more, so that these cigars, which cost about
$2 50 in Germany, are taxed here $2 85, or 114
per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Virginia if he understands
this 10 per cent, to apply to the cheaper cigars.
According to the grammatical construction of the
bill as it is—I do not know what may have been
the intention of the framers—it seems to me the
punctuation makes it clear that the 10 per cent.
ad valorem only applies to the higher priced cigars.
Mr. MASON. I read the text, and certainly
in construction, whatever may have been intended,
the ad valorem tax applies to all the classes of
cigars here mentioned. It reads thus:
On cigars of all kinds valued at $5 or under per thou-
sand, 20 cents per pound; over $5 and not over $10, 40
cents per pound; and over $10, 60 cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, 10 per centum ad valorem.
The punctuation will hardly affect the construc-
tion; but that would make a matter of very little
moment. This 10 per cent, ad valorem is a very
small tax in proportion to the tax by weight.
Thus it would result that these cigars, costing
§2 50 a thousand ill Germany, would be taxed
$2 CO by weight, and 25 cents by the ad valorem
percentage, making $2 85, or 114 per cent. Ci-
gars that cost over $10 a thousand are taxed 60
cents a pound, and, in addition thereto, 10 percent.
ad valorem. At the rate of 13 pounds to the thou-
sand, that would make the wnole tax at $12 80
at 60 cents a pound, or about 125 per cent.
I speak of these cheap cigars as a necessary to
the poorer people, just as much so as a pipe is
necessary to those who cannot afford even the
indulgence of a cheap cigar. It is a necessary,
quite as much so as tea or coffee. How is it with
those who can afford greater indulgence? We
know that cigars cost in Cuba, where the higher
flavored tobacco is raised, every imaginable price,
from $50 to $500 per thousand.
Several Senators. Oh, no. From $5 to $50.
Mr. MASON. I dare say some are sold at §5,
or §10, or $20 a thousand; but I know, from cor-
rect information, that cigars are sold in Cuba at
$100, $200, $300, and $400 per thousand—depend-
ent upon weight? No. Dependentupon flavor. I
know that tobacco in the State of Virginia, raised
in the same county and the same year, and sold at
the same market, by planters within ten or twenty
miles of each other, will sell, some at $8 and some
at $80 a hundred by the hogshead. That is owing
to the flavor. Yetthisbill taxesthc luxury ofthose
who can afford to indulge their palate in this high
flavor, even when cigars are brought here from
Cuba at §50 a thousand, at 25 per cent.; while the
necessary of life to the poor man is taxed from
114 to 125 per cent. Where is the justice of it?
It is covered up by charging so much per pound,
but the result is the same—to tax the necessary
to prohibition, and to tax the luxury in the most
lenient and indulgent manner.
I move, as this policy has to be carried out by
an amendment, in line thirty-nine of the sixth
section, to strike out the word "five " and insert
the word "three;" in line forty, as part of the
same amendment, to strike out "20" and insert
"10." It will then read:
On cigars of all kinds valued at $3 and under, per thou-
sand, 10 cents per pound.
If that is adopted, I shall pursue it by reducing
pro rata the rest of the taxation.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the Senator from
Virginia has made a mistake in the basis of his
calculation. I do not believe a thousand cigars
can weigh thirteen pounds. I believe if he had
said three pounds, he would have been nearer •
ri^ht; certainly not more than four pounds. That
takes off two thirds of his calculation. The rea-
son for taking these low-priced cigars is this: the
whole cigar-making business of this country has
been carried to Germany, because those people
there make a false cigar, a cigar mixed up with
ingredients which are not tobacco. They will
use a little tobacco, but worthless articles are put
in besides, and they are sent here for actually less
than tobacco can be bought for. The cigars are
actually sold here at a less rate per thousand than
tobacco can be sold for in this country. Yet the
tobacco goes there, and comes back in the shape
of cigars.
I am not willing to admit that this is a necessary,
though some may think it is; but, whether it is
or not,poor people in this country formerly made
their living by making cigars. The poor women,
the widows, and the orphan children of the coun-
try made cigars, out of which they supported
themselves before this business got into foreign
hands; and this worthless article is made abroad,
and then they cheat us in the invoice, just as the
Senator from Illinois, a little while ago, said the
great wrong in this whole system of ad valorems
was the cheating connected with it, the false in-
voices, and the false swearing. This cigar mak-
ing is part of that business. I tell you they will
bring the cigars hsre, notwithstanding the duties
you place on them, and sell them for less than
they can be made for in this couutry, regardless
of the cost of the tobacco; and there has been
more fraud in the article of German cigars than
in any other article which has been brought into
this country. I know more about the poor peo-
ple of this country than the Senator from Vir-
ginia,and perhaps more than any other man here.
1 know all their wants, all their sympathies, all
their feelings. I know they have no interest in
that which he advocates. Their interest, on the
contrary, is to give as much labor as possible to
our own people. The honest poor of this coun-
try ask no boon but to be allowed to work, and
get proper wages for it. Give them work,and
they will^ sustain themselves, regardless of any
surroundings they may have. They ask nothing
more.
Mr. MASON. I have no doubt in the world that
the tobacco out of which these inferior cigars are
made is the cheapest kind of tobacco that can be
got from any place. We do not smoke, except
in pipes, in my country. Tobacco is raised in
Virginia. I do not know that it is made into
cigars for any consumption at home; but i do
know that the tobacco which is sent from this
country fo Europe is consumed in Europe, after
being subjected to their process of manufacture,
under circumstances which lead to this result:
that a hogshead of tobacco which would cost $100
in Richmond, Virginia, will pay a duty of $1,200
at Liverpool, to the British Government; then be
sold to the consumer at less than $10 a hundred,
or 10 cents a pound. Yet those who consume
that tobacco consider it as much of a necessary
as those in this country who drink their coffee at
morning, midday, and night. What sort of cof-
fee? The cheapest kinds of West India coffee,
that hardly, to those whose palates have been
otherwise educated, would be considered coflee
at all; but to them it is a necessary, absolutely a
necessary. So with tobacco.
