958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
of the value of a cigar occasioned by the difference
in iavor, I do not suppose, in any case, it would
exceed $60 or $70 a thousand at the outside, and
I doubt whether it would ever go over §60.
Apart from that, there is a principle involved
in this matter. Though it is true that tobacco
has become an artificial want, and therefore, in
that sense, a necessity, as I admit, to the country
at large—for almost all classes smoke—that is not
a reason why (when you are imposing a duty for
the purpose of revenue) if you find that spurious
articles have been introduced into the country,
which are not tobacco, and may be more injuri-
ous, you should not in your legislation lay a
heavier duty on the spurious articles than upon
those which are really and intrinsically what they
are represented to be. Now my impression is,
that the vast amount of these cigars that are called
German cigars are anything but tobacco.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I shall take the vote on this
amendment as testing the purpose of the Senate
to interfere with this graduation of duties; and if
it be rejected, I shall not press it further.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brugg, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, John-
son of Tennessee, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
and Kicc—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigier, Bingham, Cameron.
Chamllrr, Clark, Dixon, Doolmlc, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Poster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Latham, Mor-
rill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a resolution in regard
to the hour of meeting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The resolution will be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resoled, That on and after Monday next the dailyhoui
of meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, until
otherwise ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
can now be received only by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. Is'it in order to consider the
resolution now, if it be objected to?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I must object to it.
Mr. WILSON. I submit an amendment to the
bill as an additional section.
Mr. SIMMONS. I haveagood many amend-
ments to offer.
Mr. WILSON. I thought you were through.
Mr. SIMMONS. When we came to the sec-
tion which the Senator from Kentucky wanted to
amend, as that was regularly in order, I waived
making some little verbal alterations until he got
tliuuigh with it. It is very late; and a strong ap-
peal has been made to me not to press this bill
further to-day. If it can go over now, and be the
first business in order on Monday, 1 am willing,
as this is Saturday night, to go home.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How many more days
does the Senator expect to continue with this bill,
and adjourn at this early hour?
Mr. SIMMONS. If we go on in the way we
have done this afternoon, we shall take some con-
siderable time yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have only twelve
days left; and there is a great deal to do.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will hurry it up as fast as
I am able.
Mr. WILSON. Then let us lay the bill over,
and take up the question about the hour of meet-
ing.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. Let the tariff bill be laid over,
for the purpose of taking up the proposition fixing
the hour of meeting at eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That resolu-
tion having been objected to, it lies over, under
the rules, until to-morrow, and it cannot be con-
sidered to-day.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope our friends will not
think of adjourning until we have taken this bill
out of committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion to adjourn before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—aves 16, noes 22.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 hope the Senator will allow
me now to go on with the amendments, princi-
pally verbal alterations, that I was on when he
commenced with the wool business.
Mr. POWEIlL. I yield to the Senator with
pleasure; but I notify him that I ha veother amend-
ments to the twelfth section.
Mr. SIMMONS. After we prepare the bill as
well as we can, we shall expect to meet all amend-
ments that come. I should like to inquire how
far we got along when this interruption took
place. On what page were we?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that progress was made to page 7 of the
bill. TheIastamendment proposedwason page".
Mr. SIMMONS. That was the proposition of
the Senator from Virginia. We were further
ahead than that, I think.
Mr. CLARK. We were on page 13.
Mr. SIMMONS. I recollect moving to insert
" cliromate and bichromate of potash," at 3 cents
a pound duty, in page 11.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was in
the ninth section.
Mr. SIMMONS. As we have raised the-duty
on flaxseed, I propose, in the seventeenth line
of the ninth section, to strike out " 16 " and in-
sert "20," on the oils, so as to make that duty
20 cents per gallon. The clause will then read:
On linseed, flaxseed, hempseed, and rapeseed oil, 20
cents per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. On page 26, after the word
ad valorem, in the twentieth line, I propose to in-
sert the words "on jute goods 15 per cent, ad va-
lorem." This is a description of the cheaper kind
of goods made of jute; and I wish to put those
goods at 15 per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I give notice that I intend on
Monday—it is so dark now that I cannot see my
own writing 
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to give notice of
what I intend to do on Monday.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion to enable
the Senator to give that notice.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall then move to amend
the first section of the bill in leference to the loan.
I shall also move to amend the fifth section, in ref-
erence to the duties on sugar, &c., and propose a
small duty of 1J cent on coffee, and 3 cents on
tea. I have got to rewrite the amendments be-
fore 1 can make them; but I desire to give notice,
so that Senators may be thinking about the sub-
ject, and not be taken by surprise. I cannot see
to do it now.
Mr. HALE. I now renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Anthony, li.iyaid, Bigler, Bingham,
Clailc, Dixon, Biiollttle, Flfile, Hemphill, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Latham, I'earce, Powell, Simmons, Sumner, and
Wilson—Iti.
NAVti—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Fessenden, Foot,
Fo.-ter, Gilines, Hailun, King, Lane, Mori ill, Seward, Teii
Eyck, Trumbull, and Waue—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 16, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRESPONDENCE OF LIEUTENANT IIIRIE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, declining
to furnish certain correspondence of George Ihrie,
late lieutenantin the Army, with the War Depart-
ment; which was laid oil the table, and ordered
to be printed.
ELIZABETH YANCEY.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent of the
House that the Committee of the Whole House
be discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 778, for the relief of the children
of Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John Yancey.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and the House proceeded
to consider it. The bill directs the Secretary of
the Interior to pay to Jane C. Smith and Mary
Franklin, heirs of Elizabeth Yancey, the amount
of pension to which she would have been enti-
tled, at the rate of eighty dollars per annum, from
December 11, 1839, to December 19, 1848.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Elizabeth was the widow of John Yancey, and
was married to him in December, 1777; that said
Yancey served in the war of the Revolution not
less than three years; a part of this time as a pri-
vate, and a part as a quartermaster. It is impos-
sible to say how long he served in each capacity;
and it is somewhat doubtful that he ever acted as
quartermaster, though there is evidence that a man
of the same name did so serve. The widow ap-
plied for a pension, under the act of 1836, as early
as 1839; but from the doubt as to his services as
quartermaster, the Pension Office suspended the
decision of the case. The committee allow a pen-
sion to the widow of eighty dollars per annum
since the 11th of December, 1839, to the period of
her decease, to wit, the 19th of December, 1848,
amounting to $720, and that this sum be paid to
Jane C. Smith and Mary Franklin, the heirs and
legal representatives of said Elizabeth Yancey,
deceased, she having,until her decease, remained
the widow of said John Yancey, the revolution-
ary soldier.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIZA M. PLYMPTON.
Mr. BRABSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
ofHouse billNo 923, granting a pension to Eliza
M. Plympton.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and the House proceeded
to consider it.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Eliza M. Plympton, widow of
the late Colonel Joseph Plympton, of the United
States Army, on the pension roll, at the rate of
fifty dollars a month, from June 5, 1860, for and
during her natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. BRABSON moved to reconsider the \ote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HERMAN J. EIILE.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of House bill No. 653, granting a
pension to Herman J. Ehle. •
There being no objection, the Committee of
the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, and the House pro-
ceeded to consider it.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Herman J. Ehle on the invalid
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month, to commence on the
5th of March, 1860, and continue during his nat-
ural life.
Mr. SIMMS. Is this the report of a commit-
tee ?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. It is ft unan-
imous report from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and is a very meritonous case.
Mr. SIMMS. Let tho report be read for in-
formation.
The report was read; from which it appears
that Herman J. Ehle, now aged sixty-live years,
served as first lieutenant in the company of rifle-
