1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men commanded by Captain William Jenkins, in
the one hundred and thirty-eighth regiment and
eleventh brigade of the militia of the State of New
York, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George
H. Nelhs,iii the war with Great Britain in 1812.
He was ordered into the service of the United
States and joined his company of riflemen on the
7th day ofSeptember,1814, and marched with said
company to Sackett's Harbor, and continued in
actual service of the United States until the 29th
of September, 1814; that while in camp, in the
discharge of his duty, being exposed to the cold
and wet, he was, on or about the 20th of Septem-
ber, 1814, taken sick with dysentery and the piles
so severely that his life was despaired of. That
on or about the 29th of September, 1814, the sur-
geon of the regiment, Dr. Joshua Webster, or-
dered petitioner to be sent some, and he was ac-
cordingly discharged, sick and disabled, and sent
home in a covered wagon. Petitioner was a well
man previous to said sickness; that the said sick-
ness was not the effect of any vicious conduct on
his part, and arose solely from great exposure.
Since that time, his health has been constantly
impaired; lie is wholly incapable of performing
manual labor, and is greatly afflicted with fre-
quent attacks of the same disease. Ehle has re-
ceived a bounty land warrant from the Depart-
ment; the reason he did not apply sooner was,
that he did not know until recently of the act of
Congress granting pensions to the militia, passed
April 24,1816. He petitions to receive the bene-
fit of the act passed April 24, 1816, and to be
placed on the pension rolls at the pay of a first
lieutenant. His application to the Pension Office
for a pension was rejected on the ground " that
the muster-roll of his company, upon which his
name is found, furnishes no evidence of disability
alleged to have been incuired while in the ser-
vice. "
Mr. SIMMS. What is the amount of pen-
sion ?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Only $15 per
month; to commence last March.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr CLARK B. COCHRANE moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"WASHINGTON CITY POLICE.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask to take up House bill
No. 900, to organize a metropolitan police.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 want the bill read for in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. It is a very voluminous bill.
Mr. THOMAS. Then I object, if we cannot
have it read.
VAN CAMP, CIIAPIN, AND OTHERS.
Mr.FOUKE. I ask unanimousconsentto have
the Committee of the Whole House discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
772, for the relief of Van Camp, Chaptn, and
others.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is it pro-
posed to put this bill on its passage now?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then I
object. PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to make a suggestion
to the House. This, it will be observed, is pri-
vate bill day. We have not, as yet, this session,
had a single day devoted to private business. I
now ask unanimous conscntof the House to make
this objection day, for the purpose of considering
Senate bills to which there shall be no objec-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope we will pursue the
usual couise, and take up all bills of a private
character.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois object to the proposition of the gentleman
from New Hampshire?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will consider
that as the order of the day.
Mr. GROW. There are some House bills on
the Speaker's table with Senate amendment* to
them. L«t us taka them first.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON LIBRARY.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the special committee of three, appointed
under the resolution of the 14th instant, be allowed to sit
during the sessions of the House, and that they have leave
to employ a reporter to act as clerk, at a rate of compensa-
tion not exceeding the rate usually paid for similar services.
Mr. HOLMAN. I objcct.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 make the point of order
that the committee is privileged, by the resolution
originating it, to report at any time. This is a
report from that committee, and an objection does
not lie.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEACE PROPOSITIONS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to pre-
sent remonstrances from about two hundred citi-
zens of the district which 1 represent,against the
adoption of the propositions which 1 presented to
the House a few days since.
The remonstrances were laid on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask leave to pre-
sent the proceedings of a Democratic convention
of the State of New York, regarding the Critten-
den compromise. They are signed by six hun-
dred and fifiy delegates.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I must object. This is the
first day we have had this session for private
business.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I cannot present it
under the rules. If 1 could, I would not ask to
present it in open House.
Mr. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. Is there any
absolute necessity that it should be presented ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, yes; it is very
important. [Laughter.] I believe the objection
is withdrawn. This will hurt nobody.
There being no objection, the proceedings were
laid on the table.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask leave to have a Sen-
ate bill for the relief of a lady constituent of mine
taken up and passed.
Mr. BABBITT. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. TAPPAN. I understand the regular order
of business to be the arrangement made by the
House to take up and consider the Private Cal-
endar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
that means in a Committee of the Whole, after
the morning hour.
Mr. TAPPAN. The idea was that the Senate
bills on the Speaker's table should be first dis-
posed of. I shall then move to go into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. —)
making furtherprovision inrelationto consolidated
land oiiices; when the Speaker signed the same.
COPYRIOIIT LAW.
Mr. COX. I will inquire whether the order of
business includes Senate bills other than those of
a private nature? There is a bili on the Speaker's
table making an amend mcntiu the copyright law,
which has passed both Houses, and comes up
with a few verbal, unimportant amendments. I
ask that it may be- taken up, and these amend-
ments disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the order of business for to-day relates only to
private business.
Mr. WINSLOW. The amendments are merely
verbal. 1 hope the Senate amendments will be
taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think we
had better go on with the arrangement the House
has just assented to in relation to private bills.
Mr. COX. This is a bill which has passed
both Houses, giving the right of appeal from the
circuit to the Supreme Court in copyright and
patent cases. There can be no objection to-it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This is a very im-
portant case. It is a public bill of a private nature,
t think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I think we had better
carry out the arrangement which has been made,
If it be in order, I will move to go intoa Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. GROW. I think it was the understand-
ing that we should first take up and dispose of the
prviate bills from the Senate, before going into
committee.
Mr. TAPPAN. That was the understanding.
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken.
GEORGE H. OIDDINGS.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the benefit
of George H. Giddings was taken from the
Speaker's table; the question being on concurring
in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. GROW. The amendments of the Senate
are unimportant, and 1 will move the previous
question upon concurring in them by the House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments were severally read and con-
curred in.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in;" and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
Senate bill No. 270, for the relief of John H.'
Wheeler, was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill, I suppose, making
an appropriation, must go to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. Itmust,ifobjectionbemade.
Mr. BURNETT. I think it had better go there.
The bill was accordingly referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
E. A. JEI. ADAMS AND OTHEBS.
Joint resolution (S. No. 63) for the relief of
Mrs. E. A. H. Adams, Green Thompson, and
Thomas H. Green, was taken from the Speaker's
tabic, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
DEXTER R. CROCKER.
An act (S. No. 546) for the relief of Dexter R.
Crocker, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read the first and second time.
Mr. STOUT. I would like to have that bill
put on its passage. *
The bill was read at length.
Mr. STOUT. With the consentof the House,
I will make a single explanation in reference to
the bill. It provides for paying Mr. Crocker for
transporting the mail on a route over which the
Department had contracted with a man by the
name of Chapman to carry the mail; but in con-
sequence of Indian difficulties, Chapman was un-
able to carry out his contract. Mr. Crocker was,
however, so situated that he could carry the mail,
and he did carry it. He has the certificates of the
postmasters on the route, of 1 he performance of the
service. A letter is also presented from Chap-
man, showing that Crocker performed the service.
The reason why the claim was not paid by the
Department was, that the contract was made with
Chapman. Mr. Crocker now asks that he shall
be paid for carrying this mail. I hope the bill will
be passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I think that bill had
better be inquired into. 1 move to refer it to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. WHEELER AGAIN.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill forthe relief of John
H. Wheeler was, on my motion, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House. I understand
that that bill has undergone the thorough investi-
gation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
that they think it is just and propsr. The bill
