1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a bill is again reached, after having been once objected to,
the committee shall cou&ider and dibpose of the same, unless
it shall again be objected to by at least five membeis."
Mr. BOCOCK. I will make one of the five to
object to that bill, I have had occasion to know
something about it.
Mr. MOR.SE. I am another of the objectors.
I know something about this bill too.
Several other Members objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. The bill, rfexamined, will
be found to be a just and proper bill.
The CHAIR1VIAN. The bill is objected to
under the rules.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 33) giving con-
struction to the second section of the act of Feb-
ruary 3, 1853, " to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans.'5
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
the second section of the act approved February
3, 1853, entitled " An act to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans," in the following
words: "That the widows of all officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
the revolutionary army, who were married sub-
sequent to January, 1800, shall be entitled to a
pension in the same manner as those who weic
married before that date," shall be construed as
granting pensions to all widows therein provided
for from the 4th of March, 1848, instead of from
thr date of the act hereby amended, as decided
by the Court of Claims in the case of Jane Smith,
and the amount due under said act from the 4th
of March, 1848. to the 3d of February, 1853, shall
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be paid to the persons,
respectively, entitled upon the pension certificates
heretofore issued to them, upon proof of ideality,
under such iulcs, regulations, and instructions to
the several agents for paying pensions as shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Pensions;
provided that no pension shall be allowed to any
widow for the same time during which her hus-
band was living and in the receipt of a pension.
Mr. WINSLO W. That is not a private mi-
ter, It appears to be a joint resolution giving a
construction to a certain public act. If so, it is
here by mistake.
Mr.HUTCHINS. I will explain the resolu-
tion to the gentleman.
Mr. WINSLOW. I do not know what it is.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. The Committee of Claims
reported this joint resolution to meet a number of
cases of bills that follow it upon the Calendar.
The gentleman will doubtless remember the cases.
It gives a construction to the law of 1853, dating
back the pensions to 1848. The Pension depart-
ment gave it a construction that it only gives the,
pensions from the date of the law of 1853. The
matter was referred to the Court of Claims, and
they decided that the true construction of the law
was, that it related back to 1848. The Commit-
tee of Claims, in order to avoid the necessity of
passing upon so many private bills, report this
resolution, which, if passed, will dispose of the
large number*of cases from the Court of Claims,
which follow it on the Calendar.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that these cases were up
during the last Congress. They are a class of
cases arising under the pension laws, about which
there was a difference of construction. The mat-
ter was ivfeued to the Court of Claims, and was
time discussed, and over and over again decided
in favor of the construction claimed by the claim-
ants. That construction of the Court of Claims ;
was resisted here during the last Congress, and I
then introduced ajoint resolution, of which I pre-
sume this is a cony, adopting the construction of
the Court of Claims; and it passed by a vote of
four or five to one. It was placed upon the ground
that when parties had once gone to the court
provided by the Government for the litigation of
th<jir claims, and had obtained from that court,,
whose integrity is unquestionable, after much ex-
pense and delay, an adjudication of their rights,
we ought not, without a clear case against them,
to refuse to grant them relief.
Mr. PHELPS. How much money does it
involve?
Mr. STANTON. I have no idea.
Mr. HUTCHINS. About fifty thousand dol-
lars.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the joint resolution?
Mr. HOARD. I am a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims, and I have read this law. If
the gentleman from North Carolina will examine
the statute, and give it the same construction as
the Court of Claims has given it, I will not object;
otherwise I will.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think the joint resolution
ought to have been considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; but if it
can be passed by informally, until we can have an
opportunity of examining it, I will not object,
Mr. -BURNETT. I ask gentlemen what they
propose to do when they object to* giving these
parties the relief which the Court of Claims has
decided them to be entitled to? Will you repu-
diate the decision of your own court? When
these parties have gone there, and obtained judg-
ment in their favor, after employing counsel and
incurring considerable expense, ought the House
then to repudiate the decision of the court created
by itself* I say, no.
The CHAIRMAN. All this discussion is out
of order.
Mr. HOARD. I object to the joint resolution
for the present; but I will withdraw the objection
hereafter, if the gentleman from North Carolina,
after examining the statute, decides that the con-
struction of the Court of Claims is correct.
Mr. STANTON. I think, myself, that there
may be some doubtabout the accuracy of the con-
struction of the Court of Claims; but I submit to
the gentlemairfrom New York, whether he will,
on a question about which good lawyers undoubt-
edly differ, when we have provided a tribunal for
examination of these cases, and when these par-
ties have incurred expense and delay of litigation,
refuse ihese parties relief, on the assumption that
he understands the question a great deal better
than anybody else? Is it right?
Mr. PHELPS. This discussion is out of order.
I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is out oforder.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hoard]
has objected to the consideration of the joigt res-
olution.
Mr. HOARD. For the present.
Mr. WINSLOW. I suggest that,as the bills
next on the Calendar, from the Court of Claims,
depend on the decision of the joint resolution just
passed over, we pass these bills over informally,
for the present. We can examine them after-
watds.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent,
all the cases on the Calendar lrom the Court of
Claims will be passed over informally.
ALEXANDER V. PHASER.
A bill (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of Alexan-
der V. Fiaser. The bill directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to allow and pay to Alexander V.
Fraser the sum of $3,920, being an allowance of
thirty-five cents a ration upon eleven thousand
two hundred rations furnished by him to the Gov-
ernment for the crew of the United States revenue
cutter Lawrence, in the year 1849.
The report was read; from which it appears
that in the year 1848, Captain Alexander V. Fra-
ser, then in command of the United States reve-
nue brig Lawience, was ordered on duty to the
Pacific coast of the United States. Pievious to
his departure he agreed with the Government to
supply the crew of his vessel with provisions,
which be would ship from New York to the west
coast, at the rate of thirty cents per ration, until
the Government could advertise for proposals and
make the usual contracts for furnishing the same.^
On his arrival at San Francisco, the collector of
the port, who had in the mean time been appointed,
was there, and it was found that provisions could
be obtained in the usual way. The obligations
of the petitioner under his agreement were at an
end, and the collector duly advertised for propo-
sals for rations m two newspapers during a period
of thirty days. Captain Fraser, being an officer
of the Government, refused to bid under this ad-
vertisement, although he had then on hand eleven
thousand two hundred rations, and was urged by
lus friends to bid or to sell out to private parties.
The collector states that Captain Fraser was of-
fered an advance of one hundred per ccnr. by sev-
eral of the first fn ms then in San Francisco. The
lowest proposal received by the collector, under
the advertisement, faas at the rate of ttoo dollars
per ration. Captain Fraser declined the solicita-
tions and offers of his friends from a delicate sense
of his relation to the Government, and delivered
his rations to the collcctor, (sufficient for about
ten months' consumption,) at tKe rate of thirty
cents per ration, with the understanding with" the
collector that he should receive such an additional
sum as the Secretary of the Treasury, under the
circumstances, might consider just and proper.
On application to the Secretary of the Treasury,
he having no authority to allow it without an ap-
propriation, it was not paid. Aprotracted absence
m the Pacific and other circumstances have de-
layed the presentation of the claim to Congress,
until this time.
From the arrangement made between the col-
lector and Captain Fraser, it appears that the Gov-
ernment saved about twenty thousand dollars,
Captain Fraser having received for his rations
$3,360; whereas, under the lowest bid, the same
number of rations would have cost $23,072, which
he might have made had not a feeling of delicacy
at taking advantage of the condition of things,
and a belief that, upon a statement of the facts, " a
just compensation" would be allowed him, in
accordance with his understanding with the col-
lector. It appears that, as late as 1853, the prices
paid by the Government for rations al San Fran-
cisco was sixty-five cents per ration. The claimant
asks to be allowed the difference between this price
and that which was paid him, under which allow-
ance, if made, the Government will still have saved
the sum of $16,100. If the proposals under the
collector's advertisement had been below the sum
agreed to be paid to the claimant, his contract,
according to its terms, being no longer obligatory,
the collector would have been obliged to accept
them, and the claimant would have suffered se-
rious loss. This advantage was secured to the
Government against the claimant under the terms
of the contract.
Mr. THOMAS. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman who reports this bill whether there
has been any reference made to the proper De-
partment for information?
Mr. ELY. Yes, sir. The matter was exam-
ined at the Department, and the committee came
unanimously to the conclusion that this bill should
be reported.
Mr. THOMAS. Is this appropriation recom-
mended by the Department?
Mr. ELY. It is.
Mr. THOMAS. What is the amount?
Mr. ELY. A little over three thousand dol-
lars. It appears conclusively that the Govern-
ment saved about sixteen thousand dollars m this
matter.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
STEPHEN F. WILLIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 626) for the relief of Stephen
F. Willis. The bill directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Stephen F. Willis, the sum of
ยง542 80, being the difference between the amount
allowed him as weigher at Beaufort, North Caro-
lina, and the amount to which he is entitled by
law.
The report was read, from which it appears that
Willis was weigher at the port of Beaufort, and
in that capacity, during the eighteen months pre-
ceding March 31, 1857, weighed for the Govern-
ment two thousand four hundred and twelve tons
and nine hundred weight of iron. The compen-
sation allowed by lawfor this service is three cents
for each hundred and twelve pounds weighed. At
this rate, he was entitled to reccive $1,447 46.
Through a misapprehension of the provisions of
the act establishing the weigher's fees, he was
paid at the rate of one and seven eighths cents
for each hundred weight, and the sum of $904 66,
leaving still due the petitioner ยง542 80. The pe-
titioner also prefers a claim for services alleged to
have been rendered by him as inspector, amount-
tng.to $100 75^
In reference to the last claim, while there has
been no satisfactory evidence of its amount or
validity produced before the committee; yet, if
there had been, there are no circumstances con-
nected with the case warranting its withdrawal
from the prc.p,cr officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment, who have shown a willingness to adjust' it
upon fan* terms.
