966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRICli moved to reconsider the vote
oy which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act(S.No. 274) for the relief ofTownsend
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives; and
An act (S. No. 1*25) for the relief of John
Peebles.
MRS. MARY ANN HENRY.
Mr. HOARD. I find that the bill for the re-
lief of Mrs, Mary Ann Henry was not reported
with the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole House, and that it passed without that
amendment. I asked the gentleman who had the
bill in charge, what it gran ted,and he replied some
thirty dollars a month. At my suggestion, it was
reduced to twenty dollars a month. I ask that,
by unanimous consent, the correction be made in
the engrossed bill.
It was so ordered.
. JAMES SMITH.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 134, for the relief of James Smith, and
that it now be put on its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James Smith, now of the city of
Washington, late a soldier in the war with Mex-
ico and on the frontier of Texas on the invalid
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollais a month,
to commence on the 4th of March, 1853, und to
continue during his lifetime.
From the report, which was read, it appears that
the petitioner was several years in the Army of
the United States, serving throughout the Mexi-
can campaign, and doing duty upon the frontiers
of Texas, where he received the injury, while out
with a scouting party, which has resulted m a
permanent disability. The duty upon which he
was engaged at the time of receiving the injury,
is regarded as one of a hazardous character; and
though themannerinwhichhcreceived the wound
does not appear m evidence, the petitioner ap-
peared in person before the committee with an arm
totally disabled, and stated that the injuiy was
inflicted by a blow from a musket, struck by the
non-commissioned officer who was in command
of the scouting party to winch he was attached.
The blow broke the arm and dislocated the elbow
joint; and before the petitioner was able to return
to camp and receive surgical treatment, a bony
union of the joint had taken place, and left his arm
so crooked as to be totally disabled. He remained
in the hospital, after his return, until his wound
was healed, when he was discharged from the
service, on the surgeon's certificate, for ordinary
disability.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANNIE D. REEVES.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 225, for the relief of Annie D.
Reeves, and that it be considered at this time.
No objection being made, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Annie D. Reeves, widow of J.
S. K. Reeves, late captain in the first regiment
artillery, United States Army, at the rate of half-
pay proper, commencing on the 1st of January,
1860, and to continue during life.
From the report, the following facts appear:
That Captain J. S. K. Reeves, deceased, the hus-
band of the petitioner, was appointed second lieu-
tenant of the first artillery, July I, 1838; first lieu-
tenant, June 91,1839; captain, April 1,1850; and
died February 22, 1851. The petitioner applies
for a pension on the ground that her husband died
of injuries received while in the line of his duty,
in the service of the United States. Charles
McDougall, surgeon, of the United States Army,
certifies that Captain Reeves was under his pro-
fessional treatment from June, 1846, to June,
1848, for disease of the left testicle, caused by an
injury received while on drill at Fort Adams,
Rhode Island, sometime in 1845, which he be-
lieves was the cause of his death, m February,
1851. C. H. Wheelingsly, surgeon, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, who attended Captain Reeves,
at Pensacola, in 1846, states: " I have never
doubted but that the injury which ultimately
caused his (Captain Reeves's) death was received
in the line of his duty."
At the time of his death no report was made by
a medical oiTicei, as he did not die at a military
post. Acting Surgeon General R. C. Wood,
United States Army, states that the certificate of
Surgeon McDougall is, in his opinion, entitled to
all the credit that would be given to a similar
statement from the records of the surgeon gene-
eral's office. Captain J. Jones, United States
Army, states that Captain Reeves was ordered to
Pensacola, Florida, in anticipation, and prepara-
tory to the war with Mexico; and that his health
was so much impaired that he was unable to go
with his company to Mexico, and was assigned
duty at West Point; that he was at the post with
Captain Reeves when he received the injury; went
with him to Pensacola; and was subsequently
with him between three and five years during his
illness, and never doubted that his disease was
caused by the injury he received while drilling his
company at Fort Adams.
The bill was-ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HUGHtiS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAURA C. HUMBER.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 227, for the relief of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and that
the same may be considered at this time.
No objection being made, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Laura C. Humber, widow of
Charles Humber, late captain in the seventh reg-
iment of the United States infantry, upon the pen-
sion roll, and to pay her at the rate of twenty
dollars per month, to continue for life or widow-
hood.
The report states the following facts: The hus-
band of the petitioner entered the United States
Army as a cadet in September, 1835; was second
lieutenant of seventh infantry, July 1, 1840; first
lieutenant,September, 1845; brevet captain, "for
gallant and meritorious conduct in the battle of
Cerro Gordo, 18th April, 1847, "severely wounded
at San Geronimo, 19th August, 1347; and died at
Fort Smith, Arkansas, January 2, 1858.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. liiNDMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HARRIS AND HODGE.
Mr. CLARIv, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 723, for the relief of
Harris <fc Hodge, of Missouri, and that the same
be considered at this time.
No objection being made, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
The bill directs the Postmaster General to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Harris & Hodge, of Brunswick, i
in the State of Missouri, the sum of $2,223, in full ;
for their services in carrying the United States i
mail,from December 20,1858, to August 20,1850, !
from Huntsville to Brunswick, m the State of!
Missouri,
It appears,from the report, that some time prior
to the 20th of December, 1858, the citizens of
Huntsville, Brunswick,and vicinity, in the State
of Missouri, petitioned Congre&s to establish a
daily.mail or post route between said points; hut
that, by reason of the failure of the last Congress
to pass the post office appropriation and post route
bill, the route was not, and is not now,established
by law. The wants and demands of the people
for further mail facilities in that section of the
State of Missouri, caused by the rapid increase
of population, induced the petitioners to open up
a route from Huntsville to Brunswick, a distance
of about sixty miles, and commenced running a
daily line of coaches between said points, with
the understanding with the postmasters that they
should have the mails, and look to Congress for
compensation. In pursuance of this arrangement,
the petitioners, therefore, an the 20th day of De-
cember, 1858, at the instance of the postmasters,
took charge of the mails, and carried them daily,
each way, until the 20th of August, 1859, a period
of eight months, for which they have received no
compensation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act to extend the right of appeal from the.
decisions of the circuit courts to the Supreme
Court of the United States;
A bill for the relief of George H. Giddings;
and
A bill for the relief of William Cowan.
RECESS.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw that motion; so that we
may take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to a
recess.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE.- I hope we shall
not yet adjourn; we are doing a good business
now.
Mr. GROW. I hope, by unanimous consent,
we will take a recess now until seven o'clock,
when debate upon the special order shall pro-
ceed, with the understanding that the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Webster,] who was en-
titled to the floor to-day, shall have the floor on
Monday.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the House will pro-
ceed with business for an hour longer now.
Mr. GROW. Then I make this proposition,
that when the House adjourns to-day, it shall be
to take a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. HUGHES. I object, and hope the House
will not consent to it. *
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. As objection is made, I ask the
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw his mo-
tion, so that I may call up the special order.
Then we can take a recess under the order of the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I am willing to accommo-
date the gentleman.
Mr. GROW. Now, I insist that the special
order shall be taken up. That is, the regular order
of business.
Mr. MORSE. I believe I was recognized by
the Chair.
The SPEA IvE R. The gentleman is recognized;
but the motion to adjourn is a privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. MORSE. Not while I am upon the floor.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Kentucky made a motion to re-
journ. 1 then asked the House to take a recess.
That was objected to. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky then renewed his motion, but withdrew it
that I might call up the special order, which is
the regular order of business. Now, 1 iusist
the special order being taken up. The gentleman
