1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
in all the free States; disenchant yourselves of the
influence of that which, in your hearts, you would
gladly be rid of, and the .North will assist you.
Gentlemen may scout the idea of emancipation,
but it is soon to come. God and humanity have
decreed it. Empty compromises cannot prevent
it. If the slaveholders are honest in declaring that
they are afraid that the people of the North will
interfere with slavery, and destroy it altogether,
and that these fears are founded upon the increas-
ing anti-slavery sentiment and political strength
of the North, would it not be well for them to
treat this northern power with consideration, and
would it not be wise to conciliate it.
I know that gentlemen nave reason to laugh at
this when they look upon the past history of
northern political parties; but 1 can assure you
that a new order of things has taken possession
of the northern mind, and I desire to state to gen-
tlemen on both sides of the House that the North
has awakened to the practical consideration of
these issues, and if the southern States persist m
keeping up the present warfare against the rights
of citizens who are compelled from business rela-
tions to travel South on peaceful missions; if they
insist that the North shall regard the Constitution
in letter and spirit as a sacred instrument, and yet
they themselves treat it as though it were but so
much blank parchment; if they mob and hang
men and women who are guilty of nothing but
having been born m free States; if they continue
to rob the Government to aid them in carrying
out their treasonable designs, they will soon find
the whole people of the North becoming aboli-
tionized and consolidated in one great and power-
ful^ party. 1 say this not m a spirit of menace;
but I desire to state the truth. They have borne
and forborne until u forbearance ceases to be a
virtue." They have been constantly yielding to
the demands of' the slave power for the sake of
peace, until neither peace nor justice are to be
found. And I now warn the South, that unless
it retracts at once from its treasonable operations
and commences a system of conciliation toward
the North, it may make up its mind that slavery
in the States will date its downfall from the day
the first act of treason was committed, and in a
few years it will go out in blood, i warn you not
to take the flimsy compromises which some few
gentlemen on this side of the House would offer
you. They do not represent the sentiment of the
North; the North will repudiate any compromise,
such as has been proposed, and the party that
makes it. Let us look this question squarely in
the face, and grapple with it as it is. Let us not
attempt to deceive ourselves or cheat others. In
a crisis like this, we should be men, do ourduty,
and take the consequences.
Would you compromise with a burglar who
had entered your house, by giving him the key of
your safe when you had the means to put him
out? What would you think of an officer who
should make return on his warrant that he found
the thief whom he was ordered to arrest, but that
said thief had declared himself as having seceded
from the laws, and that he should regard an ar-
rest as coercion on the part of the officer?
The border States are between two fires; what
can they do to extricate themselves from this di-
lemma? I repeat, conciliate the free States; first,
by consenting to the abolition of slavery m the
DistrictofColumbia, thcdock-yards,and arsenals,
on a basis which shall be just to the slaveholder;
and, second, to a system of gradual emancipation
in the border States, and allowing your people,
within your own borders, the right which* the
Constitution guaranties them, to discuss the sub-
ject of slavery.
Consent to this, and the North will aid you in
any reasonable endeavor to protect yourselves
and your property,and the whole civilizcd world
will applaud you in so humane an undertaking. 1
will not advise as to the particular mode of emanci-
pation. Free discussion among yourselves will
lead to a peaceable and equitable solution of the
whole subject. All the natural advantages of your
fertile and beautiful country will at once begin to
develop themselves. Yourabundantwater-power
will be brought into requisition. Manufacturing
cities will suddenly spring up, opening home mar-
kets for the products of your soil under the in-
vigorating and inspiring influence of free labor,
"which will increase your wealth and importance
a thousand fold. You may thus save that which
you now have, or its full value, and gain that
which, while slavery exists as the controlling in-
fluence of your social and political system, you
can never receive. I need not recount in detail the
happy effects of the inauguration of such a sys-
tem in the border States; they are witnessed every
day in the growth, wealth, enterprise, peace, pros-
perity, and happiness of every free State in the
country. You have the alternative before you,to
adopt this plan or do worse. Compromising may
stave it off for a brief period; and it may not. If
it does, it will be like building a dam across a
river, raising the water to the top only to fall with
all the more noise and force, devastating the coun-
try, when your compromise dam shall break
away.
Secession, compromise, and reconstruction, is
now the platform of the odds and ends of the late
Democratic party. Secession to force compro-
mise, compromise to disrupt and destroy the Re-
publican party, and the reconstruction of the old
Democratic party on its ruins. This is a ne\\*
platform, but is fully in keeping with all its plat-
forms in the past. The Democratic party was
always bold, positive, and radical; its opponents
have been conservative and timid. The Demo-
cratic party has been the engineer, fearlessly let-
ting on the steam, while its opponents have been
at the brake, ready to stop the train at the slight-
est jostle.
In a new country like ours, where almost every-
thing is yet undeveloped, and where the masses,
are more or less impulsive and speculative, the
bold and courageous are bound to succeed, while
the timid will complainingly follow after them.
It is an instinct in the human race to admire bold-
ness and daring. Men will sooner follow a hero
into the ditch, than a coward into the camp.
Hence the people have always rallied around the
standai-dof the Democratic party, and have borne
it on to victory time and again, although that party
has been too often in the wrong. It was only
when the more selfish and unscrupulous attempted
to perpetuate and extend a wrong, by unlawful
and unconstitutional means, that a division of the
party was caused, and consequently a loss of
power. It has had the shrewdness to keep its op-
ponents always on the defensive. While I would
commend the political sagacity and pluck of that
party, I would save this young champion of free-
dom and true Democracy—the Republican party
—from internal dissensions and dissolution.
I would save the honor of the free States from
a disgrace so humiliating as would be involved in
the cowardly surrender of the great principles for
which they have so valiantly contended and hon-
orably won. "And before this scheme of bartering
away a nation's hope to appease the wrath of a
few traitors is consummated, I would implore
gentlemen whoso talents and position necessarily
give them great influence in the nation, to reflect
upon the awful responsibility which lests upon
them. If you " sow the wind, you will reap the
whirlwind." You may imagine you are sowing
the seeds of promised peace and future hope; but
they will spring up thorns of disappointment and
civil discord. "Other men have gained position
and the affections of the people by their brilliant
talents and their eloquent and luring words of pa-
triotism and their devotion to the great principles
of humanity; and when they had scaled all the
barriers that lay between obscurity and the temple
of fame, this same devil, the slave power, that is
now whispering in your ears, stealthily crept up
behind and promised them the highest national
honors if they would fall down and worship at
his shrine. They listened; they consented, and
fell; and, as they tumbled from their giddy heights,
the whole land shook as with an earthquake, and
humanity cried aloud. Young men,you who have
a brilliant future before you,l beseech you to pon-
der and pray before you take the first fatal step. A
nation 'sfate is in your hands; the friends of liberty
are waiting to catch your decision; downtrodden
humanity, that has clanked its chains for centu-
ries, and fed its soul on the sands of the desert, is
now turning its agonizing look to the throne of
Heaven, and with its -fettered hands uplifted and
its heart throbbing now with hope and now with
fear, admonishes you of the importance of this
decision. If you vote for compromise, you sow,
on soil now free, the seeds of whips, chains, theft,
robbery, and murder. You vote to legalize the
forcible separation of families, and the selling of
them on the auction block, to be driven to the rice
and cotton fields, there to be worn out in a few
years like things. You vote to compromise with
a power that regards neither compromise, law,
nor the Constitution. You vote for the perpetuity
of ignorance, and you vote for the overthrow of
the freedom of speech and of the press. You lose
the respect of the friends of freedom; you gain '
the contempt of the slave power and the applause
of hell. You say to all traitors, go on with your
robbery and treason; hereafter they shall be rfe-
spectable and at a premium. Whenever you are
beaten at the ballot-box you have only to steal the
public property and declare war against the Gov-
ernment, and we will malic concessions, even to
the sacrifice of our dearest principles, and break
the power that defeated you, if you will be quiet
and remain in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, this is probably my last appeal
on this floor. I should be willing to do anything
that might lead to the restoration of national tran-
quillity and social harmony which would not com-
promise the honor and dignity of the nation; but
I fail to discover, in any proposition now before
the House, anything that will lead to these re-
sults. And before 1 would leave a word dr a vote
on record that might be construed into favor-
ing theextension orperpetuity ofslavery, I would
perish on the stepsofmycountry'sCapitol,orbe
lost in the general wreck that would follow revo-
lution. If 1 thought the preservation of theUnion
would be the means of furnishing fetters for those
who are yet to be born on soil now free, I would
be the first to break the chain that has so long
bound us together, and let the slave States swing
out from the protection of the national Govern-
ment, to contend alone against servile insurrec-
tion, famine, and civil war. But, sir, I trust and
believe that no such calamity will befall thehope-
fuland prosperous millionsofthe American States;
and when this crisis shall have passed away, and
the dark horizon shall be lighted up with the rain-
bowj of hope, peace, new glories, and a happy fu-
ture, the people will decide who were right—those
who would strike hands with wrong, or those who
would subdue it, and let universal liberty " have
free course and be glorified." Let us have lib-
erty and Union, if we can; but liberty without
Union rather than Union without liberty. The
country will occasionally receive the assaults of
traitors, and the shocks of political earthquakes.
Popular outbreaks will disturb the harmony of
society, and whirlwinds will plow through party
organizations as they do through the forests of our
vast domain, breaking down the old decayed trees
and testing the strength of the young and vigorous.
But when the storms shall have cleared away, we
shall find, instead of destroying the temple of civil
liberty, they will have proved how strong is its
framework, and how broad and firmly laid is its
foundation, and that these disturbing elements
were as necessary for the purification of parties
and society, and as essential for the healthful
growth of our new system, as the agitation of the
atmosphere is for the health and life of man.
Mr. BURNHAM. Mr. Speaker, I had not
intended, until within a few days, to mingle in
this debate; but to content myself with giving a
silent vote on the various propositions which have
been, or may be, submitted for our consideration
But,sir,so many and variousare the propositions,
and so intently are the whole people watching our
proceedings, that I am not quite willing to pass
along without indicating niore fully than I can do
by my simple vote the views that I entertain in
regard to them. And I do this, sir, not with the
expectation of influencing the House in its action
upon them, but for the purpose of explaining my
position to those to whom I am directly responsi-
ble for my action here.
I trust, sir, I am fully sensible of the threaten-
ing dangers which surround us, and of the ex-
treme peril into which our Government has fallen.
I know that it is especially our duty to watch
over the Republic, and to see, if possible, that it
takes nothing of detriment.
Suddenly, at the close of a presidential election,
such as has occurred every four years since the
formation of the Government, as soon as it is
known how that election has resulted, a portion
of the people of this Confederacy, against whose
wishes and opinions it has been carried, compris-
ing in one of the States almost its entire voting
population, and in several others apparently a large
