970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
majority, avow their puipose of not acquiescing
in the result; and with mad haste place themselves
m open revolt against the Government, threaten-
in^ its very existence. Armed rebellion rears its
head, and turns its bristling front against the
Federal laws. Revolted States defy the Federal
power, and join their hands to smite the Federal
Union. Sir, is it not strange, indeed, that there
can be found, not simply individual instances of
non-submission to law, which may always be
looked for, but large portions of the intelligent
people of this country, extending indeed to whole
States and sections, who are willing to overthrow
the Government rather than yield to the will of
majorities—a Government whose very founda-
tion is the so^reignty of the people—created by
their own voluntary association; the result of
their own free choicc; containing no powers but
such as the people freely delegated, and having no
strength but such as their willing allegiance con-
fers; which extends its protection over all alike,
and showers its benefits and its blessings upon
every class? We have ever felt a just pride in the
harmonious working of our elective system; and
often, after our most exciting contests, have we
bid the strong Governments of the Old World
behold how peaceably and quietly all the people
acquiesced in the decision of the majority, as ex-
pressed through the ballot-box. But our pride
is humbled. For the first time sincc the organi-
zation of our Government, the will of the major-
ity, constitutionally expressed, is resisted, and
we awake at last, as from a dream, to find, it may
be, that our experiment is a failure.
I will consider the main causes assigned in jus-
tification of this rebellion, and the remedies pro-
posed .
Many are the grievances alleged by those who
justify, and by those who will only apologize for
it. Some of them arc so indefinite, and others so
frivolous, that 1 cannot stop now to notice them;
but will consider only those which, in the esti-
mation of the committee of thirty-three, are of suf-
ficient importance to require specific remedies.
And, first, certain legislative enactments of the free
States, commonly spoken of in these allegations
as " personal liberty bills." it is undoubtedly
true, sir, that in many, perhaps most, of the free
States, there are laws upon the statute-books of
the class named; some of many years' standing,
and enacted without reference to more recent
events, for the prevention of kidnapping. Others,
of more recent date, to protect the liberties of such
residents as were more especially exposed by the
operation of the fugitive slave law. I have not
examined all these laws. Some of them, of which
complaint is made, I know are not unconstitu-
tional. If any of them are, they ought, undoubt-
edly, to be repealed or modified; as oughtalllaws
in all States that are in conflict, either in letter or
spirit, directly or indirectly, with the Constitution
of the United States, or any law of Congress made
in pursuance thereof. And this, not on the ground
and for the reason that Congress has modified or
will modifythe more obnoxious provisions of an
obnoxious law, on accountof which some of them
may have been enacted, but simply because the
legislation of a State should never be in conflict
with the Constitution and laws of Congress.
And I have no doubt, sir, that the Legislature
of those States which may have this class of laws
upon their statute-books, will, for the purpose of
satisfying their brethren of the South of their dis-
position to deal justly with them, and for the pur-
pose of being clearly in the right before they enter
upon this great conflict which may be approach-
ing, revise their legislation in this respect; and if
they find it thus conflicting with the Constitution
or laws, will modify or repeal it. And though I
do not recognize it as strictly within the province
of Congress to make requests of the State Legis-
latures in regard to what shall be their legislation
in a matter of this kind, and though I do not like
the phraseology of the first resolution, and would
prefer that it be left out altogether, yet. as they
arc respectful in terms, I shall cheerfully vote for
them. So have I once voted during this session
on the resolution of the member from New Jer-
sey, [l\Ir. Ajdrain,] and so I am ready to vote
again. JLet me not, however, be misunderstood.
I recommend that all laws which are in conflict
with the Constitution, or any law of Congress, be
repeah-d or modified. But I, at the same time,
declaie that if, upon examination, they be found
not thus in conflict, and only such as are neces-
sary to protect the liberty of the humblest citizcn,
in my judgment they ought never to be repealed,
come what may.
But, sir, admitting that such laws exist, that
they are unconstitutional, and that they were in-
tended to obstruct the operation of the fugitive
slave law, can their existence, to any extent, be
regarded as justifying this rebellion? It will not
be~denied that revolution is the ultimate right of
every people, when the oppression of their Gov-
ernment shall become too intolerable to be borne;
never to be resorted to, however, till every peace-
able remedy has been exhausted. As, to this ex-
tent, it is better to
 " bear the ills we have,
Than fly to others that we know not of."
What, then, has been the practical effect of these
laws, and what practical injury has resulted from
them to our southern brethren ? The President
tells you, in his annual message, that in every in-
stance during his Administration the fugitive slave
law has been fully executed; and so we believe
has it always been when attempted. Never, then,
has it been obstructed by these enactments, what-
ever may be their character, whatever their de-
sign. No slaveowner has ever been deprived of
his property by means of them. But again: If
they be unconstitutional, or if they conflict with
any law of Congress passed in pursuance of the
the Constitution, they are void; and would be de-
clared so by all proper judicial tribunals, when
properly brought before them; inasmuch as the
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance
thereof are the supreme law of the land.
If, then, the existence of any such laws is a j
grievance, has this easy, peaceablc, and constitu-
tional remedy been resorted to ? Andean a resort :
to the ultimate right of revolution be justified ? I
Can there even be an apology for it till this has
been done ?
Again, sir: though there maybe such laws upon
the statute-book; though they may be unconsti-
tutional; though they may be in conflict with the
said law of Congress; though they do impede and
obstruct its operation; still they do not practically
injure the Gulf States who have instigated and led
off in this rebellion. The border Suites are those
who have most reason, and who only have reason
to complain of them, if they are really what they
are alleged to be. But they have not complained,
and would not on this account have piunged into
this wicked rebellion; or at least until they had ex-
hausted all peaceable remedies; and will not now,
unless whirled on by the tide that follows the mad
precipitancy of South Carolina. But, sir, I repeat,
whether a just cause or not, let the legislation be
revised, and, if wrong, let it be made right.
Next follow, in the committee's report, a scries
of declaratory resolutions, embracing many mat-
ters of complaint, and many matters of dispute
between the two sections, to every one of which
I give my hearty assent. They are as follows:
<( Revived, That we recognize slavery a? now existing
in fifteen of the United States by the usages and Iaw  of
those States; and we recognize no authority, legally or oth-
erwise, outside of a State where it so exist4?, to interfere
with slaves or slavery in such States, in disregaid or' tiie
light-5 of their owners or the peace of society.
Resolved. That we recognise the justice and propriety
of a faithful execution of the Constitution and laws made
in pursuance theieof, on the subject of fugitive slaves, or
fugitives from service or labor, and discountenance all mobs
or lundiances to the execution of such laws, and that citi-
zens of each State shall he entitled to all the privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States.
u Resolved, That we recognize no such conflicting ele-
ments in its composition, or sufficient cause from any source,
for a dissolution of this Government; that we were not sent
here to destroy, but to sustain and harmonize the institu-
tions of the country, and to see that equal justice is done to
j all parts of the same; and finally, to perpetuate its existence
on terms of equality and justice to ail the States.
"Resolved, That the faithful observance, on the part of
ail the States, of all their constitutional obligations to each
other and to the Federal Government, is essentia! to the
peace of the country.
a Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal Govern-
ment to enforce the Federal law--, piotcct the Federal prop-
erty, and pieservethe Union of these States.
uResolved, That each State be requested to revise its
statutes, and, if necessary, so to amend the same as to se-
eure, without legislation by Congress, to citizens of other
States traveling therein, the same protection as citizens of
such State enjoy; and also to protect the citizens of other
States traveling or sojourning therein, against popular vio-
lence or illegal mumnaiy punishment, without mat in due
form va law, for imputed ciimes.
iC Resolved, TnateaeSi Slate be also lespectfully icquestcd
to enact such Jaws os wilt prevent and puimh anj attempt
whatever m such State to lecogmze or set on foot the law-
less invasion of any other State or Territory."
The first resolution, in my judgment, declares
the true doctrine of the Constitution. The idea
of property in man is carefully excluded from that
instrument. It nowhere recogrizes the rightful-
ness of slavery. It affords it no guarantees. It
found slavery .existing in many of the States by
their local customs and laws. It simply recog-
nized its existence there, and let it alone; each
State, of course, having the right to regulate it m
its own way, but having no right to extend those
customs and laws beyond their own State limits
and impose them upon others. And it is equal! y
clear, that no authority whatever exists outside
of said States to interfere with it in the least.
And this obligation of non-interference should he
strictly observed by the Federal Government and
by all the citizens. And although there is little
or no evidence of any attempt ever having been
made in any free State to set on foot any lawless
invasion of any slaveholding State, yet as there is
apprehension felt on this subject, in consequence
of the recent unlawful proceedings of John Brown
and his associates in the State of Virginia, and as
there is the highest evidence of lawless invasions
having been set on foot in one of the border States
to violate the laws, and to trample upon the rights
of the people of an adjacent Territory, I most cor-
dially unite in requesting the States to enact such
laws as shall effectually prevent any such wrong
in the future.
In every free Government it is necessary to its
success that there should be voluntary and strict
obedience to law. And the people of every State
should see to it that all laws made in pursuance
of the Constitution be fully executed, and should
punish with promptitude every attempt to pre-
vent it. And it should be remembered that it is
not for one section only to regard its constitu-
tional obligations, while another may entirely dis-
regard them. And if it be claime'd on one part,
that the Constitution, and all laws made in pur-
suance thereof,shall be strictly observed touching
the rendition of their human chattels, how much
more ought they freely to yield a strict observ-
ance of their ovvn constitutional obligations to af-
ford the same protection to citizens of free States
temporanly within their limits, as they afford to
citizens of their own State? Sir, I do not wish
to enter upon u course of crimination; but itought
to be said, thatwhile our southern brethren com-
plain of us so persistently, because, as they say,
we fail to observe in good faith our constitutional
obligations in this one respect, they seem entirely
to forget that we have any cause of complaint
against them. They know full well that any of
their people can travel or sojourn with entire safety
in our midst, no matter what may be their opin-
ions, and that they will meet witn no indignities
anywhere. They know that our courts are freely
opened to them for a rediess of all grievances,
and that they are as sure of justice therein as are
our own citizens. They know that their most
extreme men can enter with freedom our forums,
and in entire security command respectful atten-
tion to their advocacy of the most extreme opin-
ions. And we know, sir, that our peaceable and
unoffending citizens, while traveling or sojourning
in their midst, not interfering in the least with
their peculiar institutions, and conducting in no
offensive manner, but simply for entertaining
opinions obnoxious to them, or being suspected
of entertaining them, have been subjected to in-
dignities and insults that would have disgraced an
age of barbarism—ay, and in many instances
subjected to an ignominious death by ciuel lynch
law, and no steps have been taken to punish these
outrages by the constituted authorities. We know,
too, that to us there is no freedom of speech among
*them,and that we would be mobbed for speaking
the sentiments of Washington and Jefferson. And,
sir, it is even said tauntingly of our President elect,
that he dare not go and advocate his principles in
the State where rest the bones of his kindred. We
know that, in some of the States, the freedom of
election is even denied to such of their own citi-
zens as would sustain Republican principles, and
that they are ignominiously driven beyond then-
borders. We know that, m some of these States,
papers and magazines that proclaim thegreat doc-
trines of our fathers are not permitted to he dis-
tributed from our Government post offices. Sir, for
years and years we have suffered these wrongs, and
many others of like character; but we have not,
i on that account, thought best to destroy tho Gov-
