1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
ernment, though often beaten in elections. We
have borne this till almost, by custom, it seems
to be our duty to suffer, and listen only to com-
plaints from others. Is not the right of protection
to the person as high a right as protection to prop-
erty? Shall this Government be destroyed be-
cause citizens of slave States are sometimes wrong-
fully deprived of their property by citizens of free
Slates; and shall no complaint be heard when to
us the freedom of the courts, the freedom of the
elective franchise, the freedom of the press, the
freedom of speech, and the freedom of conscience,
are all stricken down, and when our own unof-
fending citizens, of both sexes and of all ages,
are insulted, tarred and feathered, imprisoned,
robbed, scourged, and in many instances mur-
dered, by lawless and irresponsible mo^is? But,
sir, I will not pursue this further. I say, sir, with
the committee, let there be a faithful observance
on the part of all the States, and of all the citi-
zens thereof, of all their constitutional obligations
to each other and to the Federal Government; and
let such necessary laws be enacted as will carry
out that provision of the Constitution which de-
clares that the citizens of each State shall be en-
titled to all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens in the several States; and much will have
been done towards restoring peace and harmony
to our distracted country.
" Resolved, That it is tlie duty of the Fedeial Govern-
ment to enforce the Federal laws', pi otect the Fedeial piop-
erty, and preserve the Union of these States."
Sir, does this resolution of the committee con-
tain any startling proposition ? Yet the support
of any measure that looks to the enforcement of
your laws against those who have violated and
who defy them; or to the protection of our Fed-
eral property, against those rebel bands that would
seize it, is denounced as a wanton act of war; as
high-handed oppression. A State revol's and de-
fiesyour power; seizesyourarsenals, navy-yards,
and forts; pulls down your flag, and turns your
own guns upon your own vessel, conveying your
own soldiers to reinforce your own fortress, and
over whose deck wave the stars and stripes; her
colors are lowered, and the vessel retires: ay,
sir, that flag, which has proudly waved over so
many victorious battle-fields; that flag under
which your brave seamen fought on Erie and
Champlain, and which, wherever it has floated
at mast-head, as your commerce has pushed itself
into every sea, and into the remote corners of the
occan, has commanded respect; that flag which,
in the presence of the haughty power of Austria,
could, in the name ofthe American Government,
demand and secure protection to a humble Amer-
ican citizen, dare not throw its folds to the breeze
in the presence of the palmetto and the rattle-
snake. Secret bands are arming all around this
national city, threatening to seize the very Capi-
tol in which we deliberate, and we may take no
steps to defend it. Sir, I am for the resolution
1 will now consider the resolution of the com-
mittee which proposes an amendment ofthe Con-
stitution providing that no amendment shall here-
after be made authorizing any interference with
slavery in the States, unless it shall originate m
a slave State, and have the assent of every State
in the Union. I regret very much that the com-
mittee felt it to be their duty to recommend this
resolution; because, from the very fact of its being
rejected, if such shall be its fate, I fear it will be
inferred that we design, at some time in the future
t<3 effect the very amendment which this would
provide against; whereas no such expectation or
wish exists in any quarter No one claims that
the Constitution, as it now is, gives any right to
Congress, or to anybody outside, to interfere with
slavery m the States; and no one, it seems, appre-
hends that anv such attempt will be made by
Congress. But it is said to be apprehended that in
the future, when the preponderance of free States
over the slave States shall be great enough, the
Constitution will be so amended as to give Con-
gress that power. Sir, if 1 had had any doubts
before on this subjcct, the argument of the dis-
tinguished chairman of the committee, on bring-
ing his report to the attention ofthe House, would
have entirely dissipated them; for 1 think it shows
mostclearly thatanysuch apprehension lsentirely
unfounded; that no such preponderance call be .
foreseen, and needs not be provided against. .Let j
me repeat his calculation: There are fifteen blave •
States. No amendment can be proposed except I
by the vote of two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress; or Congress, upon request of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of theStates,may callacon-
vention to propose amendments. So that, even
to propose amendments—supposing the fifteen
slave States to be against any proposition of this
kind, and the free States all for it—would require
thirty free States. Wo have now nineteen, it re-
quiring eleven more even to propose an amend-
ment. But before any amendment can be valid
as a part of the Constitution, it must be approved
by three fourths ofthe States, either through their
Legislatures or conventions; therefore, upon the
same supposition, it would requne forty-five free
Slates—twenty-six more than we now have.
Where are we to get them? Certainly not from
any territory we now have, and as certainly not
from any we are likely to acquire. Is not, then,
this apprehended danger altogether too remote,
and altogether too improbable, to be reasonable
cause for alarm toourslaveholding brethren? And
is not this alleged apprehension altogether too
frivolous to be regarded at all; and much more to
require an amendment of the Constitution m the
manner proposed ?
But you say you have no fears of this your-
selves—that you have no idea the Republican
party proposes or will attempt now, or in the fu-
ture, to interfere with slavery in the States, but
that you cannot make your people understand it.
Why not? Cannot your people understand so
simple a calculation as that just stated ? Have
you not yourselves created this fear and appre-
hension ill their minds as to the designs of your
political opponents? And if you are now satisfied
that yon have misrepresented us, can you not tell
them so, and that they are in no such danger from
us? And will they not believe you as readily as
before? I think you had better try the experi-
ment, at least, before you demand of us to alter
this old Constitution in order to relieve you. I
cannot consent, sir, to meddle with this^ sacred
instrument in a case where there is confessedly
no practical necessity for it, but only to quiet a
groundless apprehension existing with a portion
of the people. Let the danger, if it shall ever
arise,approach nearer before you ask it. And let
those whose duty it shall then be to decide it, act
in the nearer view,and in that day's accumulated
light.
"l approach now, sir, that subject embraced in
the report, which I regard as more important than
any other—perhaps more than all others, and
more difficult of adjustment—the disposition ot
the Terntoiies as to this question of slavery.
And 1 will leave for a moment the propositions
ofthe committee, and consider in this connection
another proposition, on which we will be called
to act. 1 mean the Crittenden amendment. It is
as follows:
"Aut. 1. Ill all the territory of the United States now held
or lieioafter acquired, situate north oflatitnde 36° 30', sla-
very 01 involuntary seivitude, except as a punishment lor
crime, is prohibited, while such teintoij. &b«iII remain under
tenitorial government In all the territory south of said
line of latitude, slavervof'the Afncan lace is heiehy recog-
nized as existing, and "shall not he interfered with by Con-
giess; tmt shall he. protected as ptopcily by all the dcpait-
ments ofthe tenitonal governnientduiingits eontinuanee ;
and when any Teintoiy, north or south ot said line,within
such boundaues as Congress Inay pi escribe, shall contain
the population lequiMte foi a memhei of Congress, accoid-
in" to the then Federal latio of lepiesentation ofthe people
ofthe United States, it shall, if its form of government he
republican, be admitted iiltotbe Union on an equal footing
with the original States, with or without slavery, as the
constitution of such new State may provide."
I have read, sir, only the proposition relating
to this particular subject. There are others of
which 1 may speak, it' time permits. It will bo
seen that it proposes to amend the Constitution so
as to prohibit slavery north of the line 36° 30',
known as the Missouri compromise line.^ And
in this part it is ill the same terms as the Missouri
prohibition. And as to all the territory we now
hold, or may hereafter acquire, south of thatline,
which will include all we may hereafter acquire
from Mexico, Central America, Cuba, in South
America, or wherever we may extend our bound-
aries, the Constitution is to recognize slavery as
existing, to prohibi t Congress from mterfenng
with itatall,and to command the territorial gov-
ernments, in all their departments, to protect it as
propelty during their continuance.
Sir, we once had a compromise line, the same
parallel you now propose. Itstood as a measure
of peace for thirty years, and would have re-
mained as such to this day had it been left undis-
turbed . It was approved by the wisemen of that
day—wiser and greater men than we have now.
All the territory north of the line was given to
freedom, to be hers forever. Those who were
anxious to promote the extension of free institu-
tions stood by that compromise in good faith. But
when slavery had gathered to itself all south of
the line, it reached forth to grasp that which was
north. The idea of a geographical line between
freedom and slavery was ridiculed, and the pro-
hibition was denounced as unconstitutional and
unjust to the South. And in the midst of intense
excitementthey procured its repeal. But this was
not enough. To guard against any future restora-
tion ofthe line, they procured a decision ofthe high-
est judicial tribunal m the land, in direct conflict
with the whole tenor of decisions in all the courts,
and with the opinions of the wisest statesmen
from the foundation of the Government, confirm-
ing their action,and declaring such prohibition to
be unconstitutional and void. And now, having
lost the prize at which they grasped; having lost
rather than gained by their bad faith; seeing that
the new policy did not work to their advantage,
and wishing now to gain some new concessions
and guarantees as to territory south of this line,
by seeming to grant something to freedom north,
in prohibiting slavery in territory which is now
free, and which will always remain free, as well
withoutthe prohibition as'with; and finding now
this Supreme Court decision an obstacle m the
way of this nice arrangement, they propose to
relieve themselves from the difficulty in which this
decision has brought them by an amendment of
| the Constitution. Sir, I will none of it. I will
not touch that instrument for any such purpose.
If they wish to have this legislation, which so
short a time since they did not want, let them go
and procure a reversal of that decision, as I have
no doubt they can if they wish it. Expunge that
bad page m our judicial records, and let the Con-
stitution stand as our fathers made it, with the
interpretation that our fathers put upon it.
Butagain: to secure all you really wish to secure
by this legislation, you do not need this amend-
ment. What you really wish is to secure slavery
south of that line; you need no constitutional
amendment for that, for you say the Constitution
already recognizes slavery as existing in the Ter-
ritories; and you say the Supreme Court has so
decided, and that it has also said Congress cannot
interfere with it. And the only remaining thing
you want is a congressional code protecting sla-
very ill the Teiritorics. You need no constitu-
tional amendment, therefore, to accomplish this.
The court has not decided that Congress has no
power to give you a slave code. All you want of
the amendment is to get around your Dred Scott
decision, so you may extend to us the great priv-
ilege of having slavery prohibited in the Terri-
tories north of 36° 30'. We know, and you know,
that all the territory north of saidline is free now,
and that it will always remain so. You know
that by the admission of Kansas as a free State,
and with the tide of emigration pouringinto Pike's
Peak, and with free California on the west, your
last hope of fastening slavery upon any of that
territory is gone. And if you did not know this,
you would not propose this amendment. How
idle, then, to amend the Constitution for this pur-
pose ! We do not ask it. We know that free in-
stitutions gain nothing by it. If, then, you are
to have this guarantee and protection to slavery
south, let it be without any amendment of the
Constitution, granting to usa seeming equivalent,
which amounts to nothing. I would sooner vote
you a congressional slave code than vote for this
amendment. What you propose in this amend-
ment as to territory south of 360 30' is, in sub-
stance, identical with the Breckinridge platform.
It recognizes slavery as existing, prohibits Con-
gress from interfering with it, and commands the
territorial government to protect it, whether the
people of theTcrritory desire it or not. The Breck-
lnndgeplatformaskednothingmore. And against
this policy the verdict of the people in the recent
election, especially m free States, was nearly
unanimous. Not only the supportersof Mr. Lin-
coln, but also the supporters of Mr. Douglas,
were fuliv committed against it. How, then,can
you expect the representatives of the free States
to yield it ? , . _
Why, sir, for years the people of the tree States
