972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
have been struggling to restore the early policy of
the Government, prohibiting the introduction of
slavery into the Territories; and, after many de-
feats, they have at last triumphed at the polls.
And now, in the very hour of their victory, it is
demanded that their colors shall he hauled down,
their flag surrendered; and they are not only re-
quired to give up their policy of prohibition, but
to grant a constitutional recognition and protec-
tion to slavery in all our present Territories, and
in all we may acquire hereafter. The terms of
peace are, an unconditional surrender; that we
shall pass directly from the position we have so
long occupied on to the platform of the secession-
ists. We may not even halt at the quarters of the
popular sovereigns, they being expected to join us
as we pass in the grand procession. And what is
to be conceded to us for this great humiliation?
A prohibition of slavery where it is already shut
out forever. And this is called compromise !
The ad vocatesofpopular sovereignty triumphed
over the secessionists at Charleston in April, and
at Baltimore in Jutu', and both they and we by a
more decisive victory at the polls in November.
And now we are all required to surrender at dis-
cretion in Washington. If the secessionists had
succeeded at Charleston their policy would have
been triumphant in the Democratic party. If they
had succeeded in November at the polls, their pol-
icy would still have been triumphant with the
people; but failing in both, they yet triumph all
the same by the surrender of both opposing forces.
If this can be so, elections amount to little. They
determine no policy of Government, they only
change officials. The one million eight hundred
thousand voters for Lincoln, the one million three
hundred thousand voters for Douglas, to say noth-
ing of the six hundred thousand voters for Bell,
all are demanded to lay down their arms to the
eight hundred and fifty thousand voters for Breck-
inridge.
This Crittenden proposition also contains
amendments to the Constitution prohibiting Con-
gress from abolishing slavery m the District of
Columbia, and the places under its exclusive juris-
diction within the slave States, and prohibiting
also all interference with transportation of slaves
from one slave State to another. On this subjcct
the committee well say, that as there are no prop-
ositions from any quarter to interfere in any of
these respects, they do not deem it necessary to
take any action on the subject.
Sir, I can consent to no amendment of the Con-
stitution affording new and additional guarantees
to slavery. 1 would observe faithfully all our ob-
ligations under the Constitution as it is, and carry
out all its guarantees to the full extent; but no
more. Let this old Constitution remain as our
fathers made it. It is sufficient. It has brought
us from infancy to our present mature strength.
Under it we have prospered as no nation ever
prospered before. Under it we have lived m unity
and peace. We can continue to live on, and to
prosper in the future as we havem the past,if we
will but be faithful to our duties and devoted to
our Government. No, sir; let us not in tins hour
of excitement attempt to tamper with it. In this,
at least, let us have something of permanency-
something of security. Though our political plat-
forms may change as often as may suit the pur-
poses of aspiring demagogues; though your con- i
gressional legislation be vacillating, contradictory, !
and absurd, as the supposed necessities of com-
promise may require, let the Constitution remain.
Let its grand proportions rise above the troubled
waters, unmoved and unharmed by the angry
waves that dash against it. Sir, if this people be
not struck with judicial blindness, they will now,
m this day of peril, cling to this Constitution as
the wrecked mariner clings to the last plank when
night and the tempest gather around him.
I return to the report of the committee. As a
solution of this territorial question, they propose
to admit New Mexico as a State into the Union,
as soon as she sh^ll form a constitution prepara-
t(^r^Jeiere^0' say, removing all cause
of difficulty as to the disposition of the Territories 5
as this includes all territory south of 36° 30', and'
all in regard to which there is any doubt as to
slavery, it being well understood that as to all
north of this, the question is practically settled;
no one having any doubts or anxiety in regard'
to it.
New Mexico has now a few slaves and a slave
code, and is a slaveholding Territory. Whether,
if she were to, adopt a constitution preparatory to
admission into the Union during the present year,
she would make it free or slave, thete spems to be
doubt. But is New Mexico in proper condition
to be admitted into the Union as an independent
State? It seems to me not. The information we
have as to herpopulation is quite limited and un-
satisfactory. Exclusive of roving Indians, I sup-
pose her population falls much short of the num-
ber requisite to entitle her to admission; and that
is made up of a few thousand Americans, a few
thousand Mexicans, and the balance of mixed
bloods and peons. The standard of general intel-
ligence and education is extremely low, and the
people ofa character to be easily influenced by de-
signing men. She would scarcely be able to sup-
port a State government and to conduct its affairs.
Is it expedient to admit sueh elements into our
Confederacy of independent States? She does not
ask to be admitted; and would undoubtedly be
better in a territorial condition, where she will be
entitled to the support and fostering care of the
General Government. And is it not best for us
that she should thus remain for a time longer? If
New Mexico remains in a territorial condition,
she will remain a part of our dominion. If we
admit her as an independent State, according to
modern theories she may assert her own sover-
eignty and join a southern confederacy, or rean-
nex herself to Mexico; for it seems to be conceded
that the Federal Government may control, even
coerce, a Territory; but if we dignify one into the
position of a State, it may then go where it pleases
and when it pleases. To-day, as a Territory, we
may control her; to-morrow, as a State, we may
lose her. I suppose that if the proposition to ad-
mit New Mexico had been made at the last ses-
sion of Congress, not one voice would have been
given in its favor. Why, then, now? Simply be-
cause we do not know how, or cannot agree how,
to manage her out. I am not willing to crowd
her into the Union in this way; and for such rea-
sons I am not willing to use these Territories as
mere shuttlecocks, to be thrown about as instru-
ments of compromise. Let us not confess our
weakness by hurrying Territories in as States be-
fore they are fit to come in, simply because we
cannot agree how to dispose of them while out.
But, sir, notwithstanding all these objections, this
proposition is to me the least objectionable of all.
I confess the inducement would be very strong to
admit New Mexico as a State if it would be ac-
cepted as a settlement of this territorial question.
But as this proposition is rejected by all whom it
is necessary to conciliate, it might perhaps as well
be laid aside. After all, what does all this clamor
about inequality m the Territories mean ? Have
you not equal rights in them now? If not, where
is the inequality? Do you wish to go into Ne-
braska with your slaves? Do you wish to go into
Washington Territory, into Utah, into Colorado,
or Pike's Peak? Go on then, by all means. What
hinders? You do not claim that the Constitution
hinders you. You do not need it to be amended,
then, for that. There is 110 law of Congress pre-
venting you, and no one proposes any such. The
Supreme Court says you may go. What more,
then,do you want? But you will confess that you
do not desire, that you do not expect to go there.
Then you will not quarrel about any of them.
Do you wish, then, to go into New Mexico? I
say, again, go on. What hinders? There is no
law of Congress to prevent you from going there;
and if there ever should be, which is not"proba-
ble, you know the court would declare it void,
and you have there a slave code to protect your
•slave property. This Territory has been open
to you without any obstruction for eleven years,
and you have got one dozen slaves there, these
being mostly servants of Government officers. I
ask once more, what are your quarrelings about?
Is it about your rights in Territories we do not
yet own,and may never own? And are you about
to destroy this Government for such a cause? Sir,
we need 110 compromise. We have nothing really
to settle. If wo will be but reasonable and practi-
cal, we can come to peace at once.
But what shall be done with the Territories as
to this question of slavery? Ianswer: leave them
where the legislation of 1850 left them. Kansas
being now admitted a free State into the Union,
and free institutions having regained thereby all
that they lost by the repeal of the Missouri re- j
striction, the question as to all the Territories
north of New Mexico being practically settled,
and that being only in dispute, we may well leave
it where the compromise measures of 1850 left it.
I have thus briefly dwelt on all the propositions
reported by the committee of which I care to speak,
as well as those suggested by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky.
There are various other propositions suggested,
somewhat different in form, but substantially the
same. I cannot perceive any real necessity for
them, nor any occasion for this great excitement
on the part of our southern brethren. These nu-
merous schemes of compromise only increase the
difficulty and complicate the entanglement. Our
Government will go on smoothly enough, if we
will onlyrperrnit it, and if we will stand by it as
patriots ought to do. The will of the people has
just been expressed through the ballot-box, and
all good men will acquiesce in their decision. It
is not the time now to compromise; it would
weaken and demoralize the Government. The
incoming Administration should enter upon its
duties without being subjected to any other con-
ditions or terms than what the Constitution im-
poses upon all. If" a portion of the people, in
armed rebellion, can impose any other terms,
your Government is a delusion, and your elective
franchise a sham. In maintaining the supremacy
of majorities within constitutional limits, all aie
equally interested. It is for no political party;
but for the security of all. To-day the majority
is with us; four years hence it may be against us.
With whomsoever it is, it must be sustained, or
anarchy prevails. Let those, then, who love our
Government and our Union, and would preserve
them both, stand by and support them without
condition or qualification.
Mr. Speaker, I would not shut my eyes to the
dangers that surround us. Wc are in the midst
of great peril. Our system of Government is in
severe trial. It is passing a decisive crisis; only
a firm hand and steady nerve can carry it through
in safety. No compromising policy can save it.
It* moral power must be maintained. The will
of the. people must be obeyed.
Can it be, sir, that a civil war shall break out
between the two sections of this Confederacy, be-
cause of our differences as to the rights of slavery
in the Territories? One seeking to extend it into
free territory, and demanding congressional pro-
tection thereto, and the other resisting this de-
mand, how would the parties stand before the
world in such a contest? Let the great statesman
of Kentucky answer. In a speech made 111 the
Senate in 1850, 011 the compromise resolutions
introduced by him, he said:
" Cut it', unhappily, wo should be involved in war, in
civil war, between the two parts of this ConlVderaey. m
which the effort on tile one side should he lo 1 e^tr-nu the
intioduetion o( slavery into the new Territories, and upon
the other side 10 (uree Its introduction there, what a snf'C-
li rtln .'.b om I,]   _ . . _ . 1. . r
. . ,  -  ~v,_[gn (o
excito foclins—a war to propagate wrongs in The Territo-
ries thus acquiied from Mcmco' ft would be a war m winch
we should have no sympathies. 110 good wishes; in which
nil mankind would be ajram-t u*; in which our own his-
tory, itself, would be against u>; fot, from the commence-
ment of the Revolution down to the piesent rime, wo have
constantly icproaehed our British ancestors lor the intio-
duetion of slavery into this country."
Mr. Speaker, what a spectacle do we present to
the world! How humiliating and discouraging
ourpresentcondition! Every whereeise the march
is onwaid; and while the whole firmament is illu-
mined with the gathering rays of a higher and an
advancing civilization springing up from all na-
tions, here, where they should center in their
mtensest brilliancy, the light fades, the clouds
gather. Ay, at the commencement of this very
year, through the benign decree of the Russian
Emperor, millions of his people cast off their cen-
tury-worn garments of servitude, and clothed
themselves in the habiliments of freemen. And,
too, the haughty Government of Austria, m its
ago and decrepitude, yields something of its pre-
rogatives to the spirit of the age; whi'e in Italy,
that land of glorious memories, the people, emerg-
ing from their long night of despotism, roll from
their bowed shoulders the burden of centuries, and
assume their true position among the peoples of
the earth. While in other lands wise men, states-
men, and heroes, are lending their energies, devot-
ing their lives, and freely baring their bosoms to
