1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
the storm of battle, to secure to the people insti-
tutions somewhat more fully recognizing- their
inalienable rights, here traitorous arms are fast
locked around the pillars of this fairest temple,
madly bent on its overthrow.
Sir, I know not what the teeming womb of the
future may have in store for us. I know not
what dire calamities may be about to be revealed
to us from the thick cloud beyond the vail that is
lifting. But if it be so that this great work of our
fathers is to be destroyed, and the destruction
thereof is to be so great that there shall not be left
one stone upon another that shall not be thrown
down, let it be recorded, so that it may be read
by all the generations of the coming ccntui'ics,
that this great calamity has been brought upon us
because our free people would not consent to grant
now constitutional guarantees to a system of hu-
man bondage.
Mr. WALDRON. Mr. Speaker, the topics of
thisdiscussionare novel and strange to an American
Congress. They are such as were never dreamedof
by the patriots and statesmen who framed ourGov-
ernment. They are such as their children, in the
confidence which long years of peaceful security
have imparted, believed to be impossible. But
the delusions of the past—I might almostadd, the
hopes of the future—vanish into thin air. A Union
established by sacrifices and hallowed by imper-
ishable memories, trembles 111 the agonies of dis-
solution. The spectacleofto-dayisoneofdisloyal
States, of revolted people, of a divided nation-
ality. You may call this secession. I call it
conspiracy ripened into revolution. But it is riot
my purpose to quarrel about terms; nor will I
stop to refer to the causes which have biought
these evils upon us. 1 have not risen to indulge
in the language of crimination or complaint. It is
entirely foreign to my present purpose to inquire
which political party is responsible for the perils
which surround us. The people have already
visit"d the sins of our political opponents upon
their heads, and with their verdict 1 am content.
Other matters press upon our attention. The fair
fame of our Government is tarnished, its flag de-
fied, its property despoiled, its reputation among
foreign nations dishonored, and the enemies of
republican progress exult in the declaration that
''free institutions are a failure." 1 turn, there-
fore, from the responsibilities of the past to the
question of the present, and the responsibilities of
the future. The question of the day is: Have ive
a Government at all ?
Minor issues of compromise and adjustment
must give way to, and be swallowed up by, this
most momentous of ail questions. When I am
appealed to m behalf of compromises and conces-
sions, I must first inquire, what shall 1 save? What
do 1 get as an equivalent for concession : Is the
Union, which lam called upon to preserve by com-
promise, able to outlive the demoralizing humilia-
tion of the sacrifices which are mode m its behalf?
- And here I take occasion to say, that I will go as
far as any man in the line of toleration and con-
ciliation, where no surrender of a vital principle
is involved. If pride of opinion is in the way, 1
sacrifice it. If the prejudices of the past or the
passions of the present are obstacles, I forget
them. It shall never be said of me that, in this
hour, my action was controlled by dictates of pas-
sion or considerations of partisan advantage; but
there is one thing to be settled, here and now, m
advance of any efforts to reconcile and compro-
mise. If this Government is a mere partner-
ship, with no power for its own preservation, and
subject to dissolution at the caprice of any of its
members, then it is utterly useless to patch it up
by compromises. If it is so helpless that the first
touch of the traitor destroys it, then it is good for
nothing after it is " saved;" and time spent in the
endeavor to "save it" is worse than thrown
away. For one, I have no compromise to offer
in behalf of a Union which is so feeble as to ex-
cite only contempt, and which exists at the suf-
ferance of men who assert the power to blast its
interests at the very moment when they cease to
control its destinies. Much as we may detest the
treason of the cotton States, still we cannot but
contrast their energy and zeal in destroying a
Union, with the imbecility and helplessness ofthe
authorities which were sworn to preserve it.
There is, then, tins objection to all these proposi-
tions for compromise, that the Union you propose
to preserve or restore is rendered perfectly worth-
less by the concessions you make in the effort to
preserve it. You incoiporate into its system a
poison which not only mars its beauty, but de-
stroys its vitality for good. The very principle
on which this policy of compromise rests is, that
the will of a majority, constitutionally expressed,
shall be nullified at the pleasure of a dissatisfied
minority; and to that principle I never will con-
sent. The freemen of the United States have,
under the forms of law, for the nineteenth time,
elected a President; and it is useless to disguise
the fact that his authority is denied in advance,
unless the defeated party is allowed to dictate the
policy of his administration. The verdict that
was involved in his election is to be ignored as
the price of acquiescence on the part of the van-
quished. In the last canvass, a portion of our
fellow-citizens demanded, at the hand of the Fed-
eral Government, protection for slavery in the
Territories of the.Republic; and the demand was
resisted, even to the disruption of the Democratic
party—a party which never before hesitated when
demands were made upon it in behalf of the slave
power. That demand was so objectionable that
the larger fraction of the party threw away its
votes on a cand idate who had no chance for success,
rather than indorse the doctrines of the supporters
of Mr. Breckinridge. The issue was fairly can-
vassed before the people. Three million freemen,
by voting for Mr. Lincoln or Mr. Douglas, repu-
diated and discarded the doctrine of congressional
protection for slave property; eight hundi cd thou-
sand who voted for Mr. Breckinridge indorsed
it; and now the three million are asked by com-
promise to surrendei their convictions and judg-
ment to the eight hundred thousand. Sir, if this
Union can only be preserved by concessions of
principle from majorites to minorities, then it is
a Union not worth preserving. If we are to recog-
nize the doctrine that a minority may demand
terms and obtain them, as the condition of their
loyalty, then, the sooner this Union is dissolved
the better. If freemen are to make humiliating
concessions m return for the privilege of enjoying
what at the ballot-box they have fairly won, then
we have a Government better suited for some
other meridian—a Government too imbecile to
command respect, and certainly worthy of no
sacrifices to preserve.
It may be answered that we are not asked to
concede to that extent; that we are notrequired to
surrender any principle as the price for peacc; but
1 find that one idea peivades all propositions for
compromise, and that is the surrender to slavery
ot the territory south ofthe line of 36° 30'. It is
done either directly and openly, in exptess terms,
by constitutional amendment, or it is accomplished ;
covertly and indirectly, by the admission of New
Mexico as a State. It implies a recognition and
extension of the institution of slavery; it £,ives it
new guarantees and additional strength. If it does
not do it, then it is useless as a measureof com-
promise; and just so far as it does it, it is a sur-
render of a popular judgment, carefully matured
and legally rendered.
There are other objections, in my mind, to a
compromise. If one is desirable, this, at any
rate, is not the time to think of it. Six States have
already raised the standard of rebellion; they have
separated from the brotherhood, so far as any
acts of their own could etTecta separation. They
moreover declare the separation to be final; they
have closed the door of reconciliation; they de-
clare, alike byword and deed, that they desire"
none. To them the offer of compromise is, on our
part, an unnecessary humiliation. Even if it wcie
not so, the offer to treat with men who have in-
sulted our flag, and taken possession ofourprop-
erty, would only entail disgrace and shame. A
change of policy at the behest of armed insur-
gents would demoralize and weaken any Govern-
ment. It would be not only a confession of utter
weakness, but it would be a premium offered to
men who wear the livery of treason, and encour-
aging others to assume it. But I am appealed to,
not in behalf of the seceded States, but in behalf
ofthe border slave States. Sir, there are gallant
men fighting the battles of the Union theie, and I
would do much, and yield much, to strengthen
their hands; but I cannot, after all, conceal from
my eyes the fact that the position of a iai^e ma-
I jority of the people of some border States is one
I of contingent loyalty; they hold theii fealty to this
| Union as a thing to be secured by constitutional
amendments, or congressional legislation. And
where loyalty is in the market, I, like the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] uo not
want the Government to be a bidder; Moreover,
we, after all, treat with the Gulf States through
the mediation of the border States. The Legis-
latures of North Carolina, Virginia, and Ken-
tucky, declare that they must have new guaran-
tees for slavery, for the purpose of insuring their
own allegiance, and in the hope that a movement
will be inaugurated which will bring back the
seceded Suites. Moreover, these border-States
announce to us in advance, that no force must be
used by the General Government to collect its
revenue, or maintain its authority in the revolted
States. When the hour comes in which the
strength of this Government is to be tried, then
we are told that the common interests of the slave
States lead to a common cause and a common
destiny.
1 am asked to join in a declaration that the Re-
publican party meditates no invasion of the rights
of sovereign States; and that it especially con-
templates no interference with the relation of mas-
ter and slave where the relation exists under the
sanction of State laws. I am told that a declara-
tion of that nature will do much to disabuse the
public mind in the southern States; and that it
will be an effective agency in the work of concilia-
tion. Sir, if an impression of that nature prevails
in any part of the Republic, it is because men are
unable or unwilling to examine the creed which
the Republican party has avowed to the world.
If any man, to-day, labors under the delusion that
the Republican party meditates interference with
slavery in the States, it is because that man has
beltevod the slanders of its enemies in preference
to the statements of its friends; and it best be-
comes the men who have circulated falsehoods
for partisan ends now to retract them, if the wel-
fare of a common country is hazarded by their
influence. The appeal should be made to our
political opponents; because, if any misapprehen-
sion on this subject exists, it is the result of their
reckless and groundless assertions in the effort to
manufacture political capital, and they will best
evince their anxiety for fraternal peace by humil-
iating themselves to the work of retraction and
confession. I commend that work to them. Let
them, for once, be patriotic rather than partisan.
But, in view of the perils which surround us,
I shall not stand on any point of punctilio or eti-
quette. If it will be any satisfaction to any sec-
tion that the Republicans of this Congress place
on record the declaration that slavery in the States
is under the exclusive control of State sovereign-
ties, I, for one, am willing to join in it; and it was
in that spirit, Mr. Speaker, that I voted on Mon-
day last for the resolutions offered by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Palmer.]
But, as the moments are passing away, allow
me to snytc my constituents and associates what
I will not do. No vote of mine shall give any
additional guarantees to slavery. Ifguaranteesare
to be given, I claim them for freedom. The in-
stitution of slavery has had control of' this Gov-
ernment for a score of years. It has made every
department first sectional, then treasonable. It
has debauched and demoralized political parties,
and compelled even northern men to abjure and
deny the faith of their fathers. It denies to-day,
to northern men, the protection of law. It makes
a compromise in its favor only the occasion for
; renewed aggression and additional demands. It
' uses its power to ruin a Government when it can
;j no longer rule it. To that slave power I yield
': no additional guarantees. I would disturb none
,i that it now has under the sanction of the Consti-
i| tution; but I add not to the number. For the
; Union of these States I would yield much and
} suffer much. Baptized as it was by the best blood
of a better day, sauctified by past memories, hal-
lowed by past associations, and prized for past
j blessings, it has with me priceless value. I glory
'i m it asa Union formed " to establish justice "and
" secure the blessings of liberty." "When itceases
to be an instrument to accomplish those ends,
then it has lost with me its virtue and its charms;
it is no longer the Union of my fathers. If its
existence depends upon supporting, extending,
and perpetuating slavery, then I yield nothing
to prolong its existence. Freedom can survive
the dissolution of this Union; but the Union can-
not'survive the principles of freedom. Whatever
