1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
quering sword of Hyder Ali inflicted upon the
Carnatic," scenes of woe, the like of which no eve
hath seen, no heart conceived,and which no tongue
can adequately describe;" scenes which found
the /laming tongue of an American Burke to de-
nounce in an American Senate as a crime; after
patience, sufferings, and heroic fortitude, which
will consecrate the name of Kansas m history,
even as New England, even as Holland, are con-
secrated by the sacrifices and struggle of her sons
for religious and for civil liberty; after all these,
Kansas has comc up, and with garments washed
from the blood and mire of oppression and sla-
very, to-day lanks among the free States of the
Confederacy,andsitshere, by her Representative,
in the councils of the nation. The thanksgiv-
ings which will go up from millions of prayeiful
hearts for such a consummation, will be blended
with petitions that such Representative may be
unfalteringly faithful to (he hallowed traditions
which wreathe her pilgrim altars and martyrs.
What other result has followed the "Kansas-
Nebraska inquity?" Sir, a result still more dis-
tasteful to the South—the organization of the Re-
publican party; or rather, I should say, the reor-
ganization of the old Republican party of Jefferson
and Madison, founded upon the same principles:
the asseition and maintenance of human rights,
and opposition to the further spread of wrong and
oppression—organized with no desire or intent to
infringe upon the Constitution, or to interfere with
any of the institutions or reserved rights of the
States, but with the real and boldly avouched in-
tent to repress, m every constitutional way, and
by every constitutional means, the extension of
human slavery overanotherinch of free territory;
reasserting the sublime truths of the Declaration
of Independence, and repledging fealty to them;
asserting the power and duty of Congress to pro-
hibit theextension of slavery; denying the power
of Congress to establ is h, extend, or protect slaveiy
in any of the Territories; solemnly pledging each
member thereof " to restore the action of the Fed-
eral Government to the principles of Washington
and Jefferson;''and declaring " that the Federal
Constitution, the rights of the States, and the Union
of the States, shall be preserved. "
Sir, this party sprang from the exigencies of
the time, and from causes existing to-day; and
was inspired with the same patriotic purposes
which actuated the fatheis of the Republic. It
gathered within its organization from all other
parties those minds which had been educated upon
the question of freedom and of human rights.
Free-soil Democrats—the followers of Wright, of
Van Buret), and Chase: Whigs—the followers of
Mr. Clay and of Mr. Seward; the mass of the
American party in the free States; all men at the
North except the Democratic allies of the slave
power and the ultra Abolitionists. The men com-
posing this party had differed theretofore widely
upon matters of public policy. They agreed upon
the great question of opposition to the extension
and aggressions of slavery. This was the cardinal
principle of the new party, and ali vowed unqual-
ified allegiance to it, and resolved to press onward
to the achievement of its triumphs. This feaity
and resolve contemplated no new compromises to
aid in the accomplishment of the object desired.
On the contrary, all concessions and compromises
were expressly repudiated. One of the most dis-
tinguished of their ieaders proclaimed that " the
day of compromises hod passed;" and the uni-
versal heart tesponded amen. Professing these
principles,the Republican party went into the con-
test m 1850, and by its youthful vigor, and by the
commanding purity of its purposes, almost won
the victory. But, sir, the people were not yet pre-
pared for the victory; four years more were neces-
sary to the full development of its strength. 1 hose
four years were years of further education to the
northern mind.
The campaign of 1856 was one of enthusiasm.
Like the strife" upton the red crest of Breed's hill,
it was a conflict of gallant militia against trained
veterans. The lesult was that the Republican
pai ty was worsted. Democracy was victorious,
and ihc present Administration elevated to power.
Behold m this event, Mr. Speaker,another cause
for the presi .u c.ondit ion of things. Like his lmnie-
diate predecessor, the President had made pledges
but to violate them; had secured his position by
fraudulent pretenses, and so shaped the entire
galley of his Administration as to disappomtjiis
warmestfriends, demoralize his party, distracthis ,
country, and bring it to the very verge of destruc-
tion; and all this upon the slavery question.
Sir. the convention which nominated the pres-
ent President reiterated the pledge " never to re-
open the discussion of the slavery question in
Congress or out of it." Mr. Buchanan indorsed
it. Yet both President and party, in open viola-
tion of such pledges, attempted to force slavery
upon an unwilling people. In Congress, by exec-
utive recommendations, the discussion of the sla-
very question was reopened by the Democracy,
and it has continued until to-day.
Aside from the course pursued by the Admin-
istration upon the question of slavery, the Presi-
dent has surrounded himself with advisers, a ma-
jority of whom, fiom the beginning, have been
conspiring tobringabout the present state of things.
In the mean time, at every annual election through-
out the North, the great questions involved in the
issue between slavery and freedom have been freely
discussed, in every instance without an allusion
to compromise, except to repudiate it. The mem-
bers of the present Congress from jhc North were
mostly elected in 3858, when these questions were
fully and actively before the country; they were
elected upon the platform of the Republican party
laiddownatPhiladelphiain 1856,and were pledged
to carry out the principles therein contained.
They were not elected to make any compromise
of those principles, and had such been anticipated,
not one of them would have been elected.
At the commencement of the last session of
Congress, the Democratic gentlemen in this
House reopened the agitation of the slavery ques-
tion, in spite of their pledges made three years
before to the contrary. They continued such
agitation for two months, and upon the compar-
atively unimportant question of the election of
Speaker. In the mean time, Republicans sat silent
in their places, or raised their voices but to cast
their votes, and transact the only legitimate busi-
ness before this body.
Sir, not only did the Democratic Representa-
tives agnate this question, not only the extreme
gentlemen from the extreme South, but also the
Representatives from those States which to-day
demand compromise and concessions and surren-
der of our principles. The southern Opposition,
with several distinguished exceptions, seemed to
vie with their colleagues of more extreme opin-
ions in denunciation of Black Republicanism.
These speeches, circulated all over the South; and
even into so-called conservative districts, hove
done much to misrepresent the opinions and de-
signs of the Republican party, and pervert south-
ern sentiment, and are among the immediate and
powerful causes for the present unhappy condi-
tion of things. During that exciting debate the
Opposition Representatives from'the South re-
fused to compromise with Republican members
| upon the question of Speaker; they refused to
1 vote for a candidate for Speaker, although he
was well known to them to be a gentleman of
moderate, not to say conservative, views, upon
the slavery question; and when a still more con-
servative and equally worthy gentleman had been
substituted, with but a single exception, they still
withheld their support, and persisted in agitating
the country, and preventing the organization of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Sii, I do not impeach the motives of these hon-
orable gentlemen. They doubtless supposed they
were obeying the will of their constituents. But
I do say that by such discussion, and by such a
course of action, they contributed not a little to
the present unfortunate condition of the country.
And I say further, that it comes with but ill grace
from these gentlemen now to reproach Repub-
licans for failing to exercise a compromising spirit;
for declining, at their request, to sacrifice their
convictions, and disregard the known will of their
constituents.
And still further, I would say to these conserva-
tive gentlemen that, when they have done all which
they can do,both here and at home,to correct mis-
representations of Republican principles and de-
signs; when, following the patriotic examples of
the honorable gentleman from^Tennessee, who
fearlessly read and fairly commented upon the
platform of the Republican party in his own State,
and, I think among his own constituents, during
the last canvass, or of the distinguished gentleman
from Maryland, who, during the same canvass,
amid the monumental strefets, and to the impuls-
ive but patriotic citizens of his native city boldly
denounced the misrepresentations which had been
heaped upon the Republican party, and advo-
cated the supremacy of the laws, the inviolability
of the Constitution, and the duty of.good citizens
to submit themselves to whoever should be elected
Chief Magistrate of the whole Union, in accord-
ance with both; when they shall have done all
this, and failed to secure cheerful obedience to the
constitutional and legal authority, then, sir, "wiH
1 admit that they may claim at my hand? consid-
eration for terms of compromise and conciliation
But, Mr. Speaker, not only was the slavery
question agitated in the last Congress, but the
same question went into the Democratic nationa
convention. Sir, it was the power in those con-
ventions. It dissevered the party and disrupted
all ties which had bound it together. The Demo-
cratic party was broken up by its southern mem-
bers by design. They proposed terms which they
knew could not be accepted by northern men ana
live. Sir, the leaders of the southern Democracy
are sagacious men. They know well the senti-
ment of the North, educated as it has been on
thege questions. There are no more sagacious
men, unless it may be the leaders of the northern,
and particularly of the New York, Democracy*
These, too, know full well the strength of north-
ern sentiment on the question of opposition to
slavery extension and aggression. They have
been made to feel the edge, as well as watch the
gleam, of the steel. The result was as desired by
the South—secession from convention, separate
nominations, a distracted canvass, and an igno-
minious defeat.
Sir, long ere the convention met in Charleston,
secession had become a foregone conclusion with
the extreme South; they labored to accomplish it
by first disrupting the national convention; and
at that result felt, and some expressed, the same
joy which Samuel Adams expressed to Hancock
when he heard the firstgun at Lexington,"This
is a glorious day." Thenceforward to them the
canvass was an affair of secondary importance;
their primary object was to operate not with the
people, but with the Administration for the ac-
complishment of their purpose. The Secretary
of War was to garrison southern posts with few
troops, and under the command of officers who
were supposed to sympathize entirely with seces-
sion. Artillery, arms, and munitions of war, were
to be transferred to southern arsenals and depots.
And the sinews of war were to be materially weak-
ened by operations upon the Treasury. The Sec-
retary of the Navy was to officer and station ships-
of-war so that resignations and surrenders of our
armed marine would be easily accomplished. The
Secretary of the Treasury was to excite panic in
Wall street, depreciate public stocks, impair the
public credit, which he was bound toprotect, and
suffer depredations upon the Department under
his charge; while the President, the worthy head
of the conspiracy, was to play the dignified part
of dummy m this game of political whist. Sir,
these gentlemen acted with their usual sagacity;
and how well they have succeeded, let the events
of the last three months and the present distracted
condition of the country bear witness.
In the mean time, the Republican party, ad-
mirably organized and harmonious, having pro-
claimed to the country the same principles upon
which it was founded, and by fidelity to which it
had grown from infancy to the stature and strength
of manhood; abating no whit of its uncompro-
mising hostility to the extension and aggressions
of slavery, and none of its equally uncompromis-
ing opposition to interference with the institu-
tions of any of the States; loyal to the Consti-
tution, obedient to the laws, and resolved at every
hazard to preserve the Union of the States, nom-
inated a candidate who was, and still is, believed
to be the true exponent of those principles, and
whose firmness and personal probity had passed
into a proverb; and with such a platform and
candidate entered the canvass.
Sir, there never was a presidential campaign
conducted with more reference to the reason, "so-
bcrsecond thought" and discriminatingjudgment
of men, than the campaign which elected Mr. Lin-
coln President of the United States and secuicd
the triumph of Republican principles. Every-
where throughout the North those principles were
discussed calmly, dispassionately. Everywhere
