1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to cease, it will be to those who stand firm to-day a
proud consciousness that they fell with her, striv-
ing to uphold the same groat principles winch
ushered her into being. It will be no mean sat-
isfaction to. anticipate that, in the far hereafter,
history may rear in her Necropolis their monu-
ments beside those of the illustrious fathers who
trod the same stern path of duty, and fell upon
the same field of honor.
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Speaker, the secession of
six States from the Federal Union brings us face
to face with grave issues, fraught with results of
the most momentous importance. The unavoid-
able duty now devolves upon every true patriot
and friend of the American Union of examining
withcare the great questions presented, and in-
forming himself as to the proper course to be pur-
sued in this trying emergency.
At a period in our history when this great
American Confederacy has advanced to a position
which commands the respectful attention of the
civilized world; at a moment when the whole
country isJfull of strength, and when a gracious
Providence has vouchsafed to us a season of un-
exampled abundance, with no new element of strife
in our system which has not been present every mo-
ment since the organization of the Government; at
such a moment, ourgreatpolitical fabricis sought
to be overthrown in one section of the Union, by
an armed resistance to the Federal Government,
and a conspiracy against the Constitution, the
Union, and the laws.
With the exception of that protracted and bloody
conflict which gave birth to this nation, none has
arisen, and, in my judgment, none will arise in
our subsequent history, involving interests so vast,
consequences so momentous, as the one now
pressing its fearful weight upon us; reaching, as
it does, to the remotest posterity, and involving
not only the character and policy of our Govern-
ment, but its very existence. The ultimate de-
cision of the present controversy will settle the
gieat question whether this Government shall be
administered in the spirit that gave it birth;
whether peaceful, constitutional self-government
shall be supplanted by a system of Mexican vio-
lence and pnarchy, where life, liberty, and prop-
erty, are never safe. This is the point we have
reached.
Ilcietofore we have been proud of our institu-
tions; and have boasted that, howevcrexcited our
elections may have been, all parties joined in sus-
taining the victors. About three months since a
vigorous election terminated, and a Chief Magis-
trate was elected by the people in strict conform-
ity to the Constitution. From that day to the
present, a portion ofthe southern people have per-
scveringly sought to destroy that Government of
which they had just endeavored to take renewed
possession. They say they have a legal and con-
stitutional right so to do; and we are thus led to
inquire whether any justification exists for tins
extraordinary procedure.
For the past three months, the cry of usurpa-
tion, tyranny, and oppression, hns been dmly
ringing m our ears. These complaints come but
from one section of the Union—the South; and
relate to but one subject—slavery. The charge is
that the North has committed aggressions on the
South.
Sir, when and where did the North ever at-
tempt to control the action of this Government
for the promotion of her peculiai interests? When
did the North ever invoke the action of this Gov-
ernment for its exclusive benefit? I ask for the
instance to be named. The South has repeatedly
asked for legislation in behalf of heriC peculiar
institution,5' and her request has never yet been
denied. As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Etheridge] remarked, the people of the South
had demanded nothing which they had not got.
They first demanded the Missouri compromise:
they got it. They demanded its repeal: they got
H. They demanded the acquisition of slave terri-
tory; and they gotit. They demanded afugitivc
slave law in 1850; and they got that. In short,
slavery, although a local institution, has been
making demands upon the General Government
and the free States ever since the adoption of the
Constitution. The wise man of the Scriptures
speaks of four things that are never satisfied.
Siavery is the fifth that has never yet said
"enough.5' I
Since the adoption of our Constitution, out of 1
the seventy-two years which will have elapsed on
the 4th of March, 1861, when Mr. Buchanan's
presidential term expires, the South will have
had the President and the entire control ofthe
Government, forty-eight years, and the North
twenty-four. Now, sir, I care nothing about the
question of which section has had the most hon-
ors. The North should not complain, because
she might have had it otherwise. But when
southern gentlemen talk of aggressions upon their
rights by the people of the North, and ask for
guarantees in the future, I desire to know what
kind of aggressions they can be, when the North
has for forty-eight years out of seventy-two sur-
rendered up to the South the whole control and
management of the Government in all its branches?
Not only have they had the Presidents, but,
through them, the Cabinets, thecourts, and all the
officers of every grade throughout the country.
The shaping, the forming, and modeling of the
system, has been theirs. The government of the
Territories, the powerful influence of the execu-
tive over the legislative branch, has all this time
been with the South, sometimes having the Pres-
ident and Vice President both, and all this, too,
when the North could have prevented it, as her
electoral vote has always been the largest; but she
did not.
The South has had all the proper legislation
she asked. No legislation of Congress has ever
been directed to the disturbance of slavery where
it actually existed. The foreign slave trade was
permitted to continue till 1808; and its prohibition
after that period was an advantage to the South.
By the purchase of Louisiana and Florida, and
the annexation of Texas, a large number of slaves,
together with a vast extent of slave territory, have
been brought into the Union, at immense ex-
pense to the country; but not a single slave has
ever been made free by the action of Congress.
Tins peculiar institution of the South is stronger
there now than it was at the time of the formation
of the Constitution, in 3787. The free States,
although in a majority in both branches of Con-
gress, and having the power to pass any law they
please, have not abolished slavery in the District
of Columbia, or in the forts, magazines, arse-
nals, and dock-yards, over which Congress has
jurisdiction. If, then, the slave States have never
been invaded by congressional legislation attack-
ing her peculiar institution there: if Congresshas
forborne to pass any laws affecting this interest
injuriously where it actually exists, why is it that
jiew guarantees arc demanded at this time5
The passage of personal liberty bills by some
of the northern States has furnished theoccasion,
though not a justification, for much censure, and
the excuse for much of the feeling exhibited by
the South.
Sir, it is the highest duty of a State to protect
tiie liberties of its citizens with all possible secu-
res consistent with superior constitutional obli-
gations Laws calculated to accomplish that pur-
pose ought not to be repealed, unless they clearly
transgress the limits of constitutional power. It
has been well said that the Constitution of the
United States was not intended, and must not be
construed to intend, to divest the States of then-
power to protect their citizens in the enjoyment
of life, liberty, and safety. This power of the
State and the powers of the Fedeial Government
must be construed together, the one curbing and
limiting the other, just, as the rights of one citi-
zen to the enjoyment of his property are limited
by the equal rights of another to the. enjoyment
of his. If rights asserted under the two jurisdic-
tions conflict, the inferior right should yield to the
superior; and the right of one man to the service
of another must yield to the superior right of a
freeman to himself.
The legislation of the free States for the pio-
tecuon of personal liberty finds examples in the
slave States. 1 understand that every southern
State has similar personal liberty bills, enacted
for the purpose of protecting the liberty of her
free citizens. They surely cannot complain of
laws which find analogies in their own statute-
books. Neither should the fact be overlooked
that the act of 1850, for the return of fugitive j
slaves, is unnecessarily harsh, ii mating, and ca-
pable of being used for purposes of oppression.
While every possible guard is thrown around the
rights ofthe slaveholder, as if his institution was
to be cherished and fosteied as a divine one, wo
of the North are forbidden to-enact laws protect-
ing our own citizens in the enjoyment of " life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." -Federal
laws in favor of slavery are sacred, and t'o be en-
'forced at any cost to the free States; while State
laws in favor of freedom are but so m&ny aggres-
sions upon southern' rights, to-be repealed even'
before their constitutionality has been tested in a
court of justice! Until our brethren of the South
shall conccdeto the alleged fugitive a trial by jury
in the State where he is arrested, self-protection,
as well as humanity, alike demand that every free
State should have a law*upon its statute-book-
constitutional in its provisions—to prevent the
kidnapping of our colored citizens. A law of that
character ought not to be regarded as aggressive,
or as designed to interfere with the constitutional
rights of the South.
Sir, we all know that there is a most unfortu-
nate misapprehension in the southern mind, in
regard to the feelings and motives of northern men.
Deception and misrepresentation have been freely
and criminally employed by designing politicians
north and south, to exasperate the southern peo-
ple, and to goad them to acts of folly and madness.
All'through the South men in high positions have
lent themselves to the propagation of the basest
slanders, to foment discord between the two'sec-
tions of our country, and every appliance of art
and dissimulation has been resorted to, to widen
the breach, and to deccive the people of the South
into the support of a vile and treasonable conspir-
acy. You of the South are told that Lincoln,
Seward, and the entire victorious party ofthe
North, are fiends and devils incarnate; that there
is no virtue, no love of country, no humanity, no
purity, no honesty in the ranks of the Republican
party. Truth might well stand back aghast at
the rage of passion and falsification. Sir, unless
the southern mind is disabused of these erroneous
conceptions, an eternal gulf of impassable hatred
will soon roll between us. Then will come a war
of extermination and desolation, whose angry
front shall surge across the land and drench the
kindly bosom of our mother earth with the gore
of our brethren—a war that will bring no glory to
the victor; that will send its slain before the pres-
ence of their God with consciences wreaking with
guilty murder of men of our own race and lineage
—of the same religion, sinful like us, faulty like
us, yefnone the less our kindred, our brothers,
before high heaven. The people of the South
should turn a deaf ear to those unscrupulous
politicians who expect agitation and turbulence
to raise them to the sutfacc, from.the depths of
oblivion, to which a peaceful state precipitates
them.
Mr. Speaker, the present attitude of the North
is that of dignified consistency, and certainly of
piaisewortliy forbearance towards the South
Gentlemen of the boidei slaveholding States say
that they do not justify the violence of South Car-
olina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi,
and Louisiana, in seizing- Government property,
and the act of the former in firing into a Govern-
ment vessel. You say that they have acted with
precipitation, and that you arc for preserving the
Union. Well, if you cannot sanction what they
have done, do not the noithern States show great
magnanimity, that they do not resent these wan-
ton ouUages to oui Goveinmentand to the honor
of our national flag? Gentlemen of the South fire
up with great indignation, and some southern
Legislatures have passed death-breathing resolu-
tions, because, after an aggressive act of war by
a southern State, and after extensive armed prep-
arations in the South, some of the northern States
see proper to tender aid to the General Govern-
ment. The people of the North, so far from acting
hastily, have shown a spirit of patience under
great provocation, such as they ne\er would have
submitted to from the most powerful foreign na-
tion on the globe.
Do those States who have resolved themselves
out of the Union approach us on the subject of
compromise in a spirit of conciliation ? Far from
it. With arms in their hands they demand our
humiliation. The most fearful consequences are
predicted, and the most terrible vengeance threat-
ened, if the new Administration shall attempt to
enforce the laws. Civil war,disunion, and bloody
desolation are the mildestfig-mesemployed. They
demand concessions which cannot begranted, ex^
cept at the expense of liberty and honor, and by
