982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
we are to exercise, just so far as the circumstances
of the case will admit. I ask, then, are the se-
ceding States out of the Union ?
I do not intend to discuss the right of secession
or revolution, which has been so largely argued
in this debate; for, in my judgment, the matter
is completely settled by the Constitution itself.
There is no power, express or implied, conferred
by the Constitution, upon any department of this
Government, to perform the last, the all-essential,
and the crowning act of successful secession or
revolution; that is, the recognition of the inde-
pendence of a seceding or revolutionized State.
States may secede in fact; they may form inde-
pendent governments, and receive the recognition
of the world; they may resist, and successfully
resist this Government; and yet this Government
has not the constitutional power to recognize their
independence, nor a constitutional right to treat
them as independent States. The Constitution
was designed not only as a " perfect " Union; it
was designed also for " posterity," and therefore
as a perpetual Union. Section ten of article one
is, throughout, a prohibition of secession, because
it is a prohibition to every State of powers essen-
tial to an independent nation. The abrogation of
the Constitution and laws of the United States is ,
rebellion, and resistance to them by force is trca- j
son. A persistence, however long, is but con- :
tinued rebellion and treason. So far, then, as this
Government is concerned, until the new power of
recognizingthe independence of a rebellious State
shall have been constitutionally conferred, we are
to refuse such a recognition; to refuse to recognize
the agents of seceding or rebellious States; to re-
fuse to enter into a settlement of any of those
grave questions to which I have already alluded;
and, to the best of our judgment and ability, we
are to maintain the sovereignty of the United
States, to execute the laws, and bring back the
rebellious States to their allegiance to the Consti-
tution, and to their late and madly lost estate of
liberty, security, prosperity, and pcace.
I confess that I have thought it will be^a hard
necessity, for the want of constitutional power to
acknowledge the independence of a seceding State,
to endure a protracted period of anarchy or the
horrors of civil war. Perhaps it will be a neces-
sity too hard to be borne, imperative enough to
warrant an assumption of undelegated power, as
in the instance of the acquirement of that very
Territory which is now the theater of this griev-
ous discontent. But we are not yet warranted to
make an assumption like that. The necessity
may come; it has not yet come. In spite of the
confident declaration of the ex-Secretary of the
Treasury, I must deny that the seceding States are
yet out of the Union, and still indulge the hope that
this declaration, like various other official and
equally confident estimates from the same quarter,
is altogether too illusive to warrant any assump-
tion of undelegated power. In uo instance yet
has the ordinance of secession become the act of
a State, or been recognized by the sovereign power
of a State—I mean the people. The ordinances
have been adopted by conventions, elected in the
fever of an excitement stimulated by false repre-
sentations; hastily elected, without mature delib-
eration, and without a full vote of the people.
The constitutions of South Carolina and Florida
provide that—
"No convention of the people shall be called, unless by
the eoricurrencc of two thuds of both branches of the whole
representation."
And I am notaware that this provision has been
complied with in either State. Be that as it may,
I find that in none of the other States are conven-
tions authorized at all by their constitutions; and
in all the seceding States I find that their consti-
tutions can be amended only by enactments of
two Legislatures in succession, with from three
to six months' notice previous to the election of
the sccond Legislature; or by enactment of the
Legislature, three to six months'publication, and
a ratification by the people. Yet these conven-
tions, which ordained secession and abrogated the
laws of the United States, did also abrogate in
part, or change, the constitutions of their States.
^ Thus, the revolution is twofold; it is a revolu-
tion in the States against their constitutions, and
a revolution m the United States, and against
their allegiance to the Federal Constitution? It is
double-distilled rebellion, and in no State has it
been ratified by a vote of the people. By the con-
stitutions of their own States, and of the United
States, they are not out of the Union yet. By the
patriotism and prudence of their people, on a calm
review of these revolutionary proceedings, and
the sad results already suffered; by their rpgular
and constitutional action, let us hope that these
States,will yet be declared to be within the Union,
redeemed from the usurped power of aspiring'
demagogues, and purified from their polluting
touch. Surely, we may refuse to acknowledge
the independence of States which have not yet
seceded. At least, until the.people of the seced-
ing States have ratified or acquiesced in the rev-
olution that has been attempted, wc cannot rec-
ognize their independence.
Conciliation, compromise, concessions—for
more than sixty days these have been pressed
upon us, powerfully and persistently; pressed
upon us from without by timid and mistaken
friends and bold and avowed enemies; pressed
upon us by the first not more to preserve the
Union, than by the last to annul the late verdict
of the country and destroy the Republican party;
but worse than these, pressed upon us for tem-
porary peace, or a temporary policy, at the ex-
pense of principles which never can be surren-
dered; pressed upon us to keep the cotton States
within the Union, at the risk of driving the north-
ern States out of it; pressed for the conciliation
of rebels who will not be conciliated, at the risk
of disaffecting the loyal, who will not be degraded.
I know there are men among them who are actu-
ated by nobler motives than some of these, and
who do" not contemplate consequences such as
these.
1 know there are good men here, generous,
pure, and patriotic men, of almost every scction
and of every party, who are actuated by the best
of motives, and have appealed to us with all the
charms of eloquence, enforced by the claims of
fraternal affection and the fears of fatal results.
Alas! that these have been so few; alas! that
among the Representatives of fifteen States, the
instances have been so rare that each deserves a
monument more lasting than marble. And each
will have it, in the memories of all good men.
•' They say he is a very man per se,
And stands alone."
Conciliation, forbearance, kindness! Yes, Mr.
Speaker, I will accord all these, oven to rebels in
arms. Christianity demands it; humanity de-
mands it; the ties of blood and the bonds of a
common nationality demand it; and I would prove
to a wondering world that my country, above all
others, responds to such demands as these. Our
Government is based, more directly than auy
other, upon the affections and the will of the peo-
ple, and it must be more lenient than any other
to the mistakes and the offenses of the people.
We must appeal from the people mad to the people
sane; we must bear and forbear. As our Gov-
ernment originated, so must it be maintained, by
the voluntary and unrestrained will of the people.
If it cannot be so maintained, then is our system
radically wrong, and destined to certain failure.
Had Ireland rebelled against Great Britain, as
seven States have rebelled against- the Federal
Government—had the lebels seized the port and
castle of Dublin, as our ports and forts have been
seized—there is no man here who will for a mo-
ment doubt the course the British Government
would haveadopted. In three days a fleet would
have been in the port of Dublin; within an hour
the rebels would have been summoned to surren-
der, and, within twelve hours, the city would
have submitted or been burnt to the ground. Her
lemedy would have been force, as it was, within
the rememberance of us all, in the last rebellion
m Canada; and the most destructive and unspar-
ing force, as it was within this very city on the
very spot on which this building stands. It is
our duty to present a nobler example. It is ours
to vindicate the superiority of republican govern-
crnmcnt; the superiority of justice over force; of I
humanity over cruelty. It is ours to preserve,
and not to destroy; to heal, and not to kill. The
task may be difficult; but we have no right to say
that it is impossible. It may be that we shall
fail; but if we fail in such an "endeavor, our sys-
tem of government is itself a failure.
But I trust we cannot fail; I trust there is for
us no such woid as fail. The members in that
family of States which compose this nation need
no other remedy than that which, in like circum-
stances, we apply to members of the domestic
family. The rebellious g>tate% are but maniacs of
a larger size. It is oms to put these maniacs in
a straight-jacket; kindly, gently, as we would a
revered mother or a darling child; to protect them
from harming themselves, as well as from harm-
ing us; to administer unpleasant medicines, per-
haps, but, nevertheless, very necessary and very
salutary; to nurse them into health and sanity,
gently, faithfully, unremittingly; and, at last,
(God willing,) through patience and long-suffer-
ing, welcome them back, restored and in their right
mind, with renewed affections and mutual joy.
How madly are the seceding States crushing their
own people; how madly ciushing the merchants
of the Worth, who have confided in them; how
madly would they crush the entire country if
they could ! The disease is, indeed, madness,
and it indicates its own remedy.
Concessions, compromises: a few words on this
topic. It has had a prominence beyond ail others
here, and, perhaps, throughout the country. There
are compromises that cannot be made under any
circumstances, on any conditions, at any price.
You cannot compromise the consciences of the
people, or of any considerable portion of the peo-
ple; you cannot compromise their earnest and
honest convictions; you cannot compromise their
will. The people are greater than Congress, than
conventions, than States, than all the States com-
bined in our Federal system. Wc may propose;
they will dispose. We may attempt to traffic in
their names; they will take care of our bargains,
and, if need be, take care of us. We cannot
compromise liberty; it is above price. We can-
not compromise rights, justice, honor; these are
not merchantable. Cotton and calico, shoes and
sugar, wheat and woolens, can be sold or ex-
changed; we can make bargains about them: but
we can never bargain away the rights of the indi-
viduals who produce them. Those rights are to
be respected and protected: and the only bargain
to be made about them must be complete and
mutual, the act of all the parties, and binding
upon all; a mutual engagement of each to re-
spect and protect the rights of the other.
There are various conditions absolutely essen-
tial to such a compromise. The parties must be
present, in person or by representatives; they
must stand on an equal footing find with equal
powers; they must act voluntarily and freely upon
their own judgments, unswerved by passion, and
unawed by threats; and throughout their act there
must be equivalents to sanctify it by justice to ail
the parties. Such a compromise—voluntary, mu-
tual, complete, and just—will be ratified and re-
spected, or enforced. It will stand against all the
assaults of sectional interests, political insanity,
and armed lebellion. I will not say that the peo-
ple I represent will leject a compromise like that.
They will voluntarily do anything that, in their
judgment, is right and necessary to be done; they
will never be forced to do anything that is wrong.
I will not say that such a compromise is impos-
sible; butl do believe that it is utterly impossible
now. It is a work of time; it will demand exam-
ination,deliberation,debate, with all patience and
wisdom. We are not prepared for the woik, and
the countty is not prepared font. Present events
may be preparatory, and possibly the best prep-
aration. If existing dangers shall not be averted,
they will indicate the necessity and the gravity of
the work. These dangers warn us, and warn the
States and the people to work wisely, as those
who are responsible for a nation's fate—not hast-
ily, not rashly, not cowardly.
Such a compromise is impossible now, because
the necessary conditions are all wanting—every
one is wanting. The parties are not here. For
more than sixty days a committee of this House
has been hunting up grievances and concocting
compromises; and with the knowledge of that
fact,and in spiteof it,StateafterState has wheeled
into the march of secession and rebellion; their
Reprcsentativeshave withdrawnfrom the commit-
tee and from the Capitol, and Congress has been
stripped, by their act, of the power to redress their
grievances. With their votes, any congressional
act could now be carried through both Houses,
over every Republican in either branch; and, with
the aid of Representatives from ihe bordf r fiee
States and the commercial cities of the North, they
might now carry, by a two-thirds vote, reasonable
propositions for amendments to the Constitution.
