THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
this resolution is disposed of, without making
any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the joint resolu-
tion ? The Secretary will read it for information.
The Secretary read it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to repeal the
joint resolution approved June 15, 1860, for the
relief of William H. DeGroot, and to direct the
Secretary of War to transmit all the papers in
his Department relating to the case of William
H. DeGroot, to the Court of Claims for exami-
nation.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
fer a third reading, and was read the thud time,
and passed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration the report from the committee
of conference m relation to the deficiency bill,
which was up on Saturday. ["No, no."] I will
remark that it has not been usual to object to
taking up these things in the Senate whenever
proposed. If the Senate now determine to treat
reports from such committees in a different man-
ner from heretofore, J should like to know it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland moves to take up tire report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R.No. 866) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. GREEN. The other day, when the report
was made, I indicated an intention to oppose it.
The Senator from Maryland then made some
statements which originated from a misapprehen-
sion of the subject. 1 can explain them all at the
proper time; but 1 do not wish to interpose ob-
stacles to the passage of this bill,and I will post-
pone it, bccause there will be a favorable oppor-
tunity to offer the same amendment on another
bill; and therefore I decline opposing the report
of the committee.
The report was concurred in.
JEAN A. B. DAUTERIVE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move take up House
bill No. 583, for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Jean A. B. Dnuterive. That
bill lias passed the House of Representatives.
Mr. KING. I now rise to my question of
order. I desire to know whether, by the rules,
the first business in order in the morning is not
to call for petitions and reports from committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again decide that point of order as he has done
heretofore. All Senators will recollect the rule.
It is, that after the reading of the Journal,' the
Chair shall call for petitions and reports from com-
mittees. The Chair has decided repeatedly, in ac-
cordance with what he believes to be spirit of the
rule and with the precedents of those who pre-
ceded him, that it is directory merely as to the
order of business; but that it is in the power of
the Senate to change it by their own act; and that
therefore any Senator who takes tho floor may
move any other order of business than reports
and petitions.
Mr. KiNG. Without postponing them ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On a simple mo-
tion. This was not a special order. The usage
has been so ever since I have been on tho floor.
Mr. KING. The usage has been both ways.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For the last four
years it has been as the Chair states
Mr. KING. I want it settled.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire the Senator from Ken-
tucky to yield to me, to submit a report from a
committee of conference on the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Can I* do it without
losing the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Strictly the Sena-
tor would lose the floor, unless by unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I do not give it.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall not press it, if there is
the slightest objection. X will wait until the Sen-
ator is through, and then submit the report.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will hot press the consideration of that bill
this morning. It involves the title to a large
amount of land, and must necessarily lead to de-
bate and the consumption of important time.
Therefore, I hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. HALE. 1 have in myhanda petition 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire, that
the question is on the motion,pf the Senator from
Kentucky to take up a particular bill.
Mr. HALE. I thought he had waived that to
allow petitions to be presented. I have a petition
which relates to action now pending before the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I want to present
it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
now pending before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would waive it, if I
could do so without yielding my right to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say to the
Senate, that if they choose to take up that bill, of
course I shall not object; but it comes from a com-
mittee of which I am a member, and I shall deem
it my duty to speak to the Senate in reference to
it,and-I think it must necessarily lead to a debate.
The Senate can do as it pleases with it. I shall
not oppose the motion, because 1 see it is of no
use. The Senate seem determined, even at this
late period of the session, to keep out reports from
committees of conference on our general appropri-
ation bills in order to receive petitions and all that
sort of small matter, which certainly can wait a
little while.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will gladly say to all
gentlemen, that if they will permit me to consider
my bill as succeeding the business of the present-
ation of petitions, 1 shall not object to their being
received; but tho Chair thinks 1 cannot do it with-
out losing the floor. I ask for the question.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KING. I desire to offer an amendment
to the rules, or rather to give notice of an amend-
ment to the rules which 1 propose to offer to-
morrow morning, or, if the Senate will consider
it unanimously now, I shall prefer it.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
in line three, of the 24th rule, after the word
"committees," to insert the words, "whichshall
have priority over other business in the order
they arc named, unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate;" so that the rule will read:
2'1. After the Journal H read, the President shall first call
for petitions, and then lor reports tiom standing commit-
tees, which shall have priority over other business in the
ordei they are named, unless otherwise ordered by the Sen-
ate ; and every petition, or memorial, or other paper, shall
be leterred, ol course, Without putting a question for that
purpose, imle^ the reference is objected to by a member at
the time such petition, memorial, or other paper, is pre-
sented. And before any petition or memorial, addressed to
the Senate, shall be received and read at the table, whether
tlic samesliali he introduced bythe President or,a member,
a brief statement of the contents of the petition or memorial
shall veibally he made by the mtiodueer.
Mr. HALE. I object. That does not alter
the rule.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
fee on the Post Office and Post Roads to move
that the Senate take up the post route bill, in or-
der to ask for a committee of conference. It has
been on the table for some days.
Mr. GREEN. In the absence of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Latham,] I think it ought
not to be taken up.
Mr. GWIN. I wish only to ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. GREEN. He does not desire it; he only
asks a concurrence with the House of Represent-
atives-  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
state his suggestion to the Senate, that it is per-
fectly manifest that we cannot get along with the
business when there are so many Senators on the
floor who desire to present memorials. If that
business could be allowed to go on quietly for
fifteen minutes, they would then be disposed of.
[" Agreed."]
Mr BIGLER. I have a memorial
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to present a memorial
of citizens of Bradford county 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California insisUon his motion?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; I do. My colleague is
now present. I move to take up the post route
bill, for the purpose of insisting on our amend-
ments, and asking for a committee of conference.
I am instructed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, unanimously, to ask for
that disposition of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from California, in accordance with the
hint from the Chair, that if we can keep quiet for
ten or fifteen minutes, all the petitions—which in
this way will take several days—can bo disposed
of. If wejustgetrid ofthatkind of papers quietly,
by letting everybody present the petitions he has,
we can get along.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to waive for that.
PETITfONS, MEMORIALS, AND REPORTS.
Mr. KING. I desire to present a memorial
from the German Republican central committee
of the city of New York, praying for the preser-
vation of the integrity of the Union. They have
presented their views at considerable length, and
adopted certain resolutions, in which they declare
that, in their judgment, the Union, as designed
and made by the fathers, can only be preserved
inviolate by upholding the Constitution as ic is,
and by executing and enforcing the Federal laws.
The memorial is signed by delegates from each
of the twenty-two wards of the city of New York.
I move that it be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens of
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Safe
Harbor, Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the adoption of the compromise measures
proposed by lion. Mr. Crittenden; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Da-
vid D. Porter, a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, praying that the Government may pur-
chase the patent right for the sole use of the Uni-
ted States Navy of his bed and quoin, or other-
wise compensate him for the use thereof; which
was referred to thejCommittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POLK presented the petition of Ceran St.
Vrain, for himself and the heirs of Ignacio Vigil,
praying for the confirmation of a private land
claim in New Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Pence
& Bacon, praying for the payment of certain bills
of exchange drawn by Russell, Majors & Wad-
dell, accepted by Mr. Floyd, late Secretary of
War, and negotiated by them in the ordinary
course of their business; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of im-
porteis, dealers, and publishers of books in New
York, lelative to the duty on books; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the president
and faculty of Columbia College, of New York,
relative to the duty on books; which was ordered
to he on the table
He also presented a schedule to accompany the
memorials, showing.that the tariff bill now before
the Senate, according to the examination of it by
the petitioners, makes an average advance of two
hundred per cent, upon the duty on foreign books;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of Rob-
ert A. Parnsh, jr., of Philadelphia, praying that
the President be requested to communicate to the
Senate a list of claims of citizens of the United
States against foreign Governments, commencing
January 1, 1816; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of two hundred
and nine citizens of Alleghany country, Penn-
sylvania, in favor of the Union, the Constitution
as it is,and the enforcement of ail the laws; winch
was ordered to lie on thefable.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Phil-
