986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 18,
tories of Minnesota and Oregon for university
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 565)
for the relief of Lewis "Warrington, paymaster
United Stales Navy; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution, which have
heretofore received the signature of the Speaker
of the House of Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 125) for the relief of John Peebles;
A bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of Townsend
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives;
A bill (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of
appeal from decisions of the circuit courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 623) for the relief of William
Cowing;
A bill (H. R. No. 841) making further provis-
ion in x-elation to consolidated land offices; and
. A joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the ben-
efit of George H. Giddings.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 971) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the year ending the 30th of June, 1862—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of Green-
bury M. Watkins, of Montgomery county, Mary-
land—-to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bili (H. R. No. 653) granting a pension to
Herman J. Ehle—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 778) for the relief of the chil-
dren of Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John Yan-
cey—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 923) granting a pension to
Eliza Rl. Plyrapton—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for the relief of Hull &
Cozzons, and John Naylor & Co.—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No- 602) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Henry F. Bowers—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 598) granting a pension to
Daniel Lucas—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H.R. No. 597) to increase the pension
of William Deilil—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 596) for the relief of James
Van Peit—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 593) for the relief of Henry
Sanford—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. It. No. 59]) granting a pension to
Archibald Merriman—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (H R. No. 590) for the relief of the
children of William Humphrey, a soldier of the
Revolution—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 311) foi the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H- R. No. 749) for the relief of Alfred
C. Murphy and Hiram IJurlingham—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 723) for the relief of Harris
& Hodge, of Missouri—-to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill (II. R. No.(j78) for the relief of Samuel
Perry—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. ]No. 626) for the relief of Stephen
F, Willis—to tlig Committee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of Captain
Alexander V. Frazer— to the Committee on
Claims.
HOUR OP MEETING.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitied by him on Saturday last:
Resolved, That on and altei Monday next the daily hour
of meeting of ihe Senate sliaii be eieven o'clock, until
otherwise ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Say to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "On and after
Tuesday next" will be substituted by unanimous
consent.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
to consider its amendments to the bill (H. II:No.
714) establishing certain post routes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, and the amend-
ments of the House to other amendments of the
Senate to that bill.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate in-
sist on its amendments, disagree to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives, and ask
for a committee of conference. I will state my
reasons for making the motion. In the first place,
I am instructed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to make it. The main
point which we wish to settle in this committee
of conference, if it be granted by the Senate, is
the fact whether the limitation of the compensa-
tion to $800,000 for a daily mail over the central
route will enable the Department to get a contract
to carry the entire mail on that route for that sum
of money. The Senate imposed no limit. The
Senate passed through the last session an amend-
ment to this bill requiring the Postmaster General
to establish a daily mail on that route, and to give
the contract to the lowest responsible bidder. The
House of Representatives has amended it by lim-
iting the expense to $800,000 a year. The Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads of the
Senate are not satisfied that the service can be
obtained for that sum of money. In the event
that it cannot be obtained, the mails have to be
carried, as they are now carried, by the Isthmus
route, and we shall have no mail on the central
overland route. Therefore, I ask that the Senate
insist on its amendment, which makes a daily
mail on the central route certain, because there is
no limitation on the amount, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. LATHAM, Let the Secretary read the
amendment.
Mr.GWIN. Read theoriginalproposition,and
the amendment proposed by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, to insert the following section:
Sec. 18. And be itfmther enacted, That the Postmaster
Gencial be, and he is'bereliy, authorized and directed to ad-
veiti e for proposals loi thedaily transportation ofthe entire
mail, overland, between St. Louis, Missouri, and San Fran-
cisco, California, over the cential route, in twenty days
time, the bids to be ireeived until the 1st day of Dccemher
next eii!«um!Z. and the semen fo {•ommpnee on the 1st day
ofjuly, 1^61; and the Postmastei Gcneial is hereby directed
to awaul the conttact to the lowest responsible bidder.
The House of Representatives proposed to
strike out that section, and insert in lieu of it the
following:
Sec. 18. And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized and directed to advertise for
proposals for the daily transportation of the entire mail,
ovei land. between St. Joseph, Missouri, or some other point
on the MWouii river, connected by raihoad with the East,
which may be selected by the eoutmetor, and Piacervilic,
California, over the central route, the bids to bo leceived rill
the fiistMondayofApiil, 1861,and the service to commence
Juiy 1,1861, oi aw toon thereafter as possible, and to tenn-
inatf July t,1865; and the Postmastei Gcneiali* hereby di-
rected to award thecoutiact to the lowest responsible bidder
furnishing ample guaiantees of Ins ability and disposition
to perform hio contract: Provided, That the amount ofhis
bid .-shall not exceed ;$809,000 per year: Promdrd, That the
contiactor shall supply Denver City and Gieat Sait Lake
Cif> at leait semi-weekly without extra chaige: And pro-
vided futther, That the letter and newspaper mail shall be
carihd tlnongh in twenty days, and the pamphlet, maga-
zine, periodical, and public document mail in thirty-five
day-. But the Postma&ier Geneidt may authorise the car-
ijing of sail! pamphlet, magazine, penodical, and public
document poition of the mail by stenmslnp route, at least
semi-monthly, to San Francisco, it desned by the contract-
or and it paid ecivico is peiformed at the contiaetorV ex-
pense And provided further* That the eontraetoi -dial! not
be leqmred, in addition to the letter mail, to carry more of
the nevvspapei mad hj the twenty-day schedule than will
ma'ce the average weight of the whole mail one thousand
pounds per day, and the remainder, if any, or the new^pa-
| per mail shall be earned on the thirty-five day schedule
i above provided foi.
I Sec. 19. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
j General i^ hereby directed to extend the existing mail con-
! tract on ronte 6076, m the State of Texas, so tiiat it will
, expire with connecting tome ]-257«, known a* the Butte r-
j field route, provided itcan be done at an additional expense
not exceeding -S^O.OOO pei annum, and provide for a semi-
; weekly connection with the city of New Orleans, but the
| PoftinahterGemiral snub have the t-amo authority ovei this
1 loute as ovei all othei.-; and after said daily oveiland mail
| has gone into opeiafioii, the po-tagc between any State or
i Temtoiy east ot the Koeky Mountains and any State or
, Terntmyon the Pacific, on ouch newspaper, peuodical,
unsealed circular, or other article of punted mattei,not
exceeding three ounces m weight, shall be one cent, and
for every additional ounce or fraction of an ounce, one'eern
additional.
Sec. 20. And be it farther enacted, That the cost of the
service on the routes named m this act shall be paid, after
annual appropriation, by the Secietary of the Treasury,
tipon the certificate of the Postmaster General; and that
the rate of letter postage between any State or Territory
east of the Rocky Mountains and any State or Territory on
the Pacific coast, shall be ten cents per half ounce.
Mr. LATHAM. I move, as an amendment to
the motion of my colleague, that the Senate con-
cur in the amendments of the House.of Repre-
sentatives to the Senate amendments to this bill.
I think that motion will have priority, and I be-
lieve it will settle the whole question. If the
Senate disagree to it, of course a committee of
conference can be appointed. I make that motion
for this reason: the Senate will recollect very
well the termination of this struggle over the over-
land system at the close of the last session: a
quarrel ensued between the two branches of Con-
gress as to the propei policy to be pursued rela-
tive to the overland mails; and the conscquence
was, that no system whatever was adopted. The
Government was left entirely at the mercy of the
steamship companies as to the great bulk of mail
matter.
Now, sir, representing a constituency that have
such a direct and vital interest in this question, I
am unwilling to see the same state of things occur
again, if I can possibly prevent it; and therefore I
move that the Senate concur in the amendments
of the House of Representatives. I know that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
of the House of Representatives have maturely
deliberated on these amendments; they consid-
ered them for nearly a whole month, obtaining
all the information they could, and when finally
they got them before, the House of Representa-
tives, it took two or three weeks before the chair-
man of that committee could get the floor—with
the press of business there existing—to put them
on their passage. They were finally adopted.
Now, within twelve working days of the close of
this session, a motion is made that recommences
this struggle between the two branches of Con-
gress; and I believe that the result of it will be a
failure to reconcile conflicting ideas and difficul-
ties, and no law wilt be passed whatever. I do
. not intend to put myself m any position where I
shall have to assume or share any such responsi-
bility. If the Senate agree to these amendments
as ingrafted on this bill by the House of Repre-
sentatives, then we shall have got a perfect over-
land mad system—a system as complete, m my ^
judgment, us human wisdom can devise. If there
arc other amendments to be offered, if Senators
have other suggestions to carry out properly the
policy of the Government, m curtailing the ex-
penses, as you then have an existing law, you
can move amendments to your Post Office appro-
priation bill to curtail expenses, or modify the
service, as your judgments may dictate. Hut, sir,
I first want a law perfecting this overland mail
system.
inow, what is the argument against the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives ? My col-
league says that he does not believe this service
can be carried under the House's amendment, over
the central route, and the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post Roads of thy Senate are of his
opinion; that they are not satisfied of this, and
therefore they want a committee of conference of
the two branches to be satisfied of this fact. Sir,
I ask, how on earth is Congress ever to be satis-
fied that it cannot be done until the effort is made
as provided in the House amendments to this bill?
Who are you going to consult ? Not a parcel of
speculating contractors who hang around your
galleries; they are not the men who are alone to
be consulted m this matter. I know that respons-
ible gentlemen have stated to me that the service
can be performed, and that they will bid for it. i
do not take their word for it 
Mr. GWIN. Who are they?
Mr. LATHAM. I am not here to be cate-
chized 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will pause. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, the Chair must call up the special
order, which is the tariff ijiii.
Mr. GW IN J hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will permit my colleague to <co on, and I
shall want to :;<iy something in reply to him.
