1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator seems to sup-
pose that I imagine that every specific duty is
necessarily prohibitory. In that he mistakes me
very much; but I have produced evidence here
from the men most competent to give it—the ap-
praisers m New York, the experts, who under-
stand this matter of price much better than it is
possible for the Senator from Rhode Island or
myself to do—and they have shown that when
they convert the specifics into ad valor ems, many
of these duties are most enormous; and the Sen-
ator cannot get around it, except by denying the
knowledge of these men, who are selected for
their peculiar qualifications to pronounce upon
questions of price and value. But that is not all.
The Senator has shown by his own admission
that this is an enormous rate of duty which he is
imposing generally. He said the rule of the com-
mittee was to lay 25 per cent, on the market price.
What market price—in this country, or abroad?
Mr. SIMMONS. This country.
Mr. HUNTER. If he laid 25 per cent, on the
market price in this country, let us see how it
would operate on an article which is in the 24 per
cent, schedule of the present tariff. The market
price is made up first of the foreign cost, then
of the duty, say 24 per cent., then of all the va-
rious expenses and charges which accompany the
article in getting here", estimated, as I said before,
and as I have it from a large importer in New
York, at about 15 per cent; making, thus far, 39
per cent., in addition to the foreign cost. Then,
it is made up of the merchant's profit, say 124 per
cent. more. Now,in order*o lay 25 per cent, on
the market price here, you not only lay 25 per
cent, on the foreign cost, but you lay the 25 per
cent, on the other 52j per cent., making thus 13
per cent, additional, raising the duty to about 38
percent., which is the estimate that the appraisers
make on many articles of iron and other things.
Can the Senator say that that duty is not almost
prohibitory; and if it be not entirely prohibitory,
can he say that such a duty as that will not ex-
clude a large proportion of the imports? I take
that from his own statement, in which he says
that this rate is 25 per cent, upon the home value.
Twenty-five per cent, upon the home value, as I
have just shown you, is one-fourth upon all these
sums that are added to the foreign cost in order
to make out the market price here; and on the 24
per cent, schedule, (under which a very large
quantity, I believe the largest quantity, of our
imports come in, except under the free list,) by
his own confession ,heis raising the duty to some-
thing like 38 per cent. And how does he ascertain
the market value at home? That would be a work of
infinite trouble and labor. How does he know the
market price of these various commodities? He
is liable to error there; and the very principle on
which he proceeds, shows how enormous must
be the taxation which is laid in this bill.
I acknowledge that a specific duty may often
be lower than an ad valorem one; but 1 say that
specific duties are laid, most generally, in order
to cover excessive taxation. Everybody under-
stands an ad valorem. Present an ad valorem tariff,
and any of us can see at once whether we are im-
posing a taxation of 30, 25, 20, or 15 per cent.;
but how many of us understand the taxation here;
how large a proportion of it is there that the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island himself could not explain
if you were to call upon him to reduce it into ad
valorems. And yet we are called upon to vote in
this manner blindly, when he himself confesses
that there is a principle of taxation here which
must be enormous, because he admits that he is
laying 25 per cent, upon the home value. Twenty-
five per cent, upon the foreign value is an im-
mense rate of taxation. A man who imports one
hundred bales of goods would have to leave one-
fourth in custom-house in order to pay the duty.
But when you come to add to that 25 per cent.,
not on the foreign cost, but on the duty which
he pays upon the profits, and upon the expendi-
tures attending the importation, which go to make
up the price here, you see to what an extent it
raises it.
Now, sir, in regard to these specifics. Senators
talk about preventing the frauds of the ad valorem j i
system. Why, sir, these specifics depend upon ji
ad vulorems. You cannot allow one specificover
every rate of value. If you did, the disparity would
be so enormous between the duty upon the articles
of small price and large price that the community
would not stand it. Therefore, you must resort
to this method, whereby wool, for instance, if it
costs under 24 cents, pays a duty of 3 cents; and
if it costs over that, it pays 9 cents. What a pre-
mium and what a temptation to fraud is there here!
If the wool costs 23 cents, the importer pays only
3 cents; but if it is over 25 cents, he pays9; and
thus, within these narrow limits, you afford every
opportunity to fraud to the importer to represent
wool as being just a little under the price at which
he is compelled to pay the high duty on it. This
bill proposes, not only specifics, and specifics
founded upon such ad valorems as I have men?
tioned, but it adds ad valorems to them. It does
not abandon the ad valorem principle. There are
more ad valorems than specifics in the bill as it is
drawn; and it will be fouijd that, in most cases,
these specifics are introduced and put in the bill
to hide enormous duties.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I have repeat-
edly heard this same argument of the Senator
from Virginia. He seems to prefer the a/l valo-
rem system because, as I understand him, the
consumer, indeed anybody and everybody, can
understand exactly what it means. Now, sir, I
object to the ad valorem system for the very reason
that you cannot understand what it means. On
the other hand, the specific mode is comprehended
by the most ordinary mind. Why, sir, the Sen-
ator from Virginia has never been able to tell yet
what the exact amount of duty was that we paid
on any given article under the ad valorem system.
Chairman of the Committee on Finance as he has
been, there never has been a time when he could
tell what the amount of duty was that we paid.
The great error in all this theory, is taking
value instead of quantity. The country needs a
certain quantity of goods; the Senator from Vir-
ginia needs a certain quantity for his domestic
purposes. Under the specific mode, he can tell
exactly what he is paying the Government. Un-
der theadvaloremsystem, henevercantell. Can
the country purchaser learn from the country
merchant what the amount of ad valorem is upon
a given quantity of goods? No, sir; never. The
Senator from Virginia may start now on a shop-
ping expedition down Pennsylvania avenue, and
buy one article of each of the vast variety that is
offered for sale; and I venture to say that, when
he is through, ho cannot tell what that duty is on
any one of the articles. But, sir, if it is a specific,
if he pays §12 a ton on railroad iron, he under-
standsthat. If sugar be tariffed at I centapound,
and he buys ten pounds, he knows precisely what
he is paying to the Government. If ho buys two
yards of cloth, and the duty is 75 cents a yard, he
knows that it amounts to §1 50.
But he says anybody understands that it is a
relative rate—a percentage. A percentage upon
what? Not a percentage upon the rate that the
consumer pays to the country merchant; not a
percentage upon the rate which the country mer-
chant pays to the wholesale merchant in the city;
not a percentage upon the rate which the whole-
sale merchant pays to the importer; but a per-
centage upon the foreign invoice, the dutiable
value, which the country consumer can never
know anything about. In all my experience in
this way, I never could have told what the pre-
cise duty was upon any given amount of goods
of any kind; and yet every man will see, when a
charge is specific upon the quantity, exactly what
ho is paying to the Government. If there is to
be a contest between the two systems as to which
is the most candid, and open, and easily compre-
hended , then the argument is undoubtedly against
the Senator.
But, sir, another point. As for the effect of a
specific charge upon the quantity in interfering
with the importation of an inferior article, for one,
I assume all the responsibility that belongs to that
operation. I say that it is the true policy. I say,
as a universal principle, the importation and con-
sumption of an inferior article of a given kind is
the worst possible policy. Inferior articles of any
kind are always the dearest to the consumer; and
it is because the specific mode upon the quantity
interferes with the importation of the inferior ar-
ticle of a given kind of goods, that I prefer it. It
is to some extent a protection against imposition
upon the consumers. Why, sir, the Government
inspects drugs in order that the consumers may ;
not be imposed upon. This specific mode upon j
tho quantity rests heaviest, 1 agree, upon the in- i
ferior kind of that quality v but it is a very differ^
ent thing when you assess the highest rate :off
duties upon coarse., .common goods used byv the
poor-—good of their kind. That is a very different
thing. That, I never intend to go for. That, I
have avoided in this bill as far as possible. It
may be in some instances that duties are too high
on this kind of goods; but in all kindness to .my
friend from Virginia, I must differ totally and en-
tirely with his whole theory on this subject. I
have heard him repeat this doctrine before, and
had intended to reply to it at length, but probably
I shall not have an opportunity.. I do not intend
to seek the opportimity of saying more than!
have said at this time; but certainly, so far as .the
comprehension of the effect of the two modes is
concerned on the part of tbe consumer, there is
only one side to the ease.
The Senator told us here the last session that
all that the consumer had to do was to turn to the
laws of Congress, and he could see whether he
paid one half, one third, one fourth, or one fifth.
My answer to that is: what proportion of the
honorable Senator's constituents, .or of mine, can
have access to the laws of Congress? But sup-
pose they had the laws of Congress: so far as the
amount of duty which they pay upon a given
article is concerned, they might as well have a
Greek dictionary. I venture to assert that, under
the ad valorem system, whatever else may be said
forit, (andlagree itis themostconvenientsystem,
the most convenientmode of making charges,) the
consumer never can tell what he is paying-. The
Senator from Virginia finds it necessary to have
a certain quantity of the vast variety of goods
which he consumes in hispursuitsathome. Now,
sir, purchasing them under the present tariff, 1
ask him whether he can determine, with any de-
gree of satisfaction to himself, what amount neces-
sarily went into the Treasury ? If he can, I con-
fess that I cannot. I do not know what the profits
of the wholesale merchants are. I do not know
what tile profits of the country merchant may be;
and to go back further, I do not know whether
tho invoice was an honest one or not; I do not
know whether the appraisement was made by
competent man or not; but if the charge is made
upon a specific quantity, then I cannot fail to be
able to tell satisfactorily to myself exactly how
much I am taxed for the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. I say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that I and my constituents know,
if we look at the tariff law, that we pay a certain
proportion. I know, whatever may be the profit
that I have to pay to the retail dealer and to the
domestic merchant, that I have to pay to the Gov-
ernment a half, a third, a fourth, or a fifth. That
we know; but when the duties are covered up by
specifics, we cannot lJnow what rate we pay.
Mr. BIGLER. A third, a half, or a fifth, oil
what ?
Mr. HUNTER. On the foreign price, the for-
eign cost.
Mr. BIGLER. How will you learn what the
foreign price is?
Mr. HUNTER. How do you learn what the
foreign price is under the specifics on wool, when
you have to pay 3 cents on wool costing under
23 cents, and 9 cents over that? You have got
two prices there, and a very small mistake may
lead to larger fraud than can be committed under
this tariff.
Mr. BIGLER. That is begging the question.
I am examining the question between specifics
and ad valorems purely.
Mr. HUNTER. But I have just shown that
these specifics have to be accompanied by mini-
mums m order to prevent such unequal taxation
that no people would bear it. Look through this
system of specifics, and you will find it accom-
panied with minimums. Look at the duty on
wool; on wool under so many cents a pound, the
duty is so much; and over that there is another
duty. A variation of 1 or2centsin the pound makes
an immense difference in the dutiesimposed. Is
not that a much greater temptation to fraud ? Is
it not much easier to perpetrate a fraud under
such a duty as that than a general ad valorent duty
on the cargo? Surelyit is,sir. Under this sys-
tem you have both; you have all the opportuni-
ties to fraud that are held out by the ad valorems,
in addition to these specifics.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not intend to go into
this argument about the propriety of rates already
