990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
fixed in the bill and agreed upon by the Senate.
I do not exactly understand these tactics. When
Senators are opposed to a particular proposition
before the Senate, and they can find nothing to
show against that, they go off to some other part
of the bill and find fault with what we have done,
not with what. I propose. The Senator from Vir-
ginia has made no argument whatever to show
that this is not right; but he says he will not vote
for it, because he does not like something else in
another part of the bill.' That is no reason, as I
understand it, for not voting for this, if he thinks
it a necessary measure for revenue. But that is
the whole substance of his argument; he will not
vote for these duties of about 12 to 15 per cent.,
because we have got somewhere else what he con-
siders a very obnoxious feature. I do not think
there is any part of the bill subject to the criti-
cism which he makes upon it.
He says that 25 per cent, is an enormous duty;
that a man, when he imports one hundred bales
of cotton, has got to give twenty-five to the Gov-
ernment. Suppose he should; and that is the law
to-day: if there is any doubt about the valua-
tion, the custom-house officers can take the duty
in kind according to the percentage levied on the
article. Suppose a man should import one hun-
dred barrels of flour, and there was a duty of 20
per cent, ml valorem on it, and it was undervalued
in his invoice, and the Government should resort
to taking the duties in kind and sold 25 per cent,
of it, twenty barrels of flour, in the market: what
would the Government get? Would it not get the
price in this market, and not the foreign market?
most assuredly it would. If it was $5 a barrel,
it would get $100 on the twenty barrels; and if it
were valued at $5 abroad, on a fair valuation equal
to 20 per cent., with the additional charges, the
Government would get that sum. Senators are
trying to make it out that this 25 per cent, is a
high duty. You can say anything is high. You
can cipher it up here that it costs 40 or 50 per
cent, to import goods beside the duty. That is
the way you cipher when you want to make out
a large sum. But the Senator, if he knows any-
thingabout merchandising, knows that very many
of these articles arc sold for less than the cost.
The cost, by that calculation, has nothing to do
with the market here. It is dependent upon other
considerations. If the market is overstocked,
goods are invariably sold at a loss; and if they are
very scarce, no matter what they cost, they will
fetch a high price.
The Senator wants to know how I could find
out these duties, and he says, if the question were
presented to me, I could not tell him anything
about what this percentage would be on the for-
eign cost. I have never found myself at a Joss to
find out whenever I have^examined a question.
You might bring a question upon me that had not
been brought up here, and I might not know what
the cost abroad was; but as to any duty I have
put in this bill, I can tell him, for 1 have reasons
for putting them in. 1 go to the merchants who
are selling goods and ask the prices abroad and
here too. That is the way these steel duties were
fixed m«this bill. I had invoices of thirteen dif-
ferent kinds of steel, with an affidavit that they
were the prices as they were rendered at the Bos-
ton custom-house, and I fixed the rates upon that
evidence. Instead of the duty being 2G0 percent.,
it is but 20 per cent., or within a very few per cent,
of it. 1 think myself it is highly important that
we should h<i looking for revenue, and that we
should resort to such articles as will be pretty sure
to bring it in—articles of general consumption—
and put a moderate rate of duty on them, f do
not hear anybody complain that this is too high
or too low. The only question is, whether we
need the money. If we are going to get the money
through these articles, I should suppose the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not dispute that the duties
are fhir, I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Ilhode
Island says that 1 object to his amendment, not (
upon its merits, but on account of something else j
in the bill. I object to it on account of the gen-
eral character of the bill. 1 say, if it laid a fair
revenue tax on articles thatentered generally into
consumption, I would not object to a tax on tea
and coffee; but lam unwilling to agree to a scheme
of finance which puts almost prohibitory duties,
at any rate high protective duties, on most of the
articles that enter into the necessary consumption
of the country, and seeks to raise the revenue
chiefly and mainly from others that do not come
into competition with the" domestic manufac-
tures. That was the argument I used; and in
order to show how much fairer the ad valorem
was, how much more intelligently we could act
upon it, I said any of us could understand that
by a duty of 20 per cent, we were paying one
fifth the foreign cost. Ho says, "how are we to
ascertain the foreign cost ?" We are to ascertain
it by our system of appraisements. As much as
has been said against it, it has not yet been proved
that in general—I know there are exceptions—the
system has not worked well. In the first place,
if the appraisers think the invoice is a false one,
they may raise it, according to the consul's cer-
tificate as to the price in the principal markets of
the country from which it comes. They com-
pare this particular invoice with those prices; and
m the next place, if they suspect fraud, they may
take the revenue m kind; so that we have almost
every check which it is possible to impose upon
it. I say, at any-rate, they would be fully as able
to tell the value of the whole cargo, upon which
you would put this ad valorem tariff, as to tell
whether wool costs 24 or 23 cents, upon which,
in the one case the importer would pay 3 cents,
and the other 9.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am rather inclined to
vote for this provision. I agree with the Senator
from Virginia that there are very objectionable
provisions in the bill, which will cause me to vote
against it; but it strikes me that this is one of the
few that is not liable to being vicious. Now,
coffee, tea, and sugar, since Louisiana has gone
out of the Union, are all productions that are not
made in the presentTJnion; and all the taxes that
the country pays on them, therefore, will go into
the Treasury; but the tax which is paid upon
clothing, iron, &c., will go, perhaps one half, in
many instances three fourths, to the manufactur-
ers. I prefer,therefore,taxing-those things, as our
object is to get a revenue, throwing it as much as
possible on those articles thate verybodyconsumes;
and manufacturers and all other persons, in that
way, will be brought to support the Government
by a tax. When your object is to impose a tax,
you ought to make it bear upon everybody; and
i think, theiefore, that the Senator from Rhode
Island is moving in the light direction. I do not
admit that, while sugar and coffee may be neces-
saries, they are any more necessaries than cloth-
ing, working tools made of iron, and iron itself.
They all may stand on the same footing. I prefer,
therefore, the tax in this shape; and if he will cut
down the other protective features in this brll and
put them at 15 or 20 per cent., I will vote with
him;butatanyrate,this present provision, I think,
is a good one, and I am inclined to vote to adopt it.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I am inclined to
vote for the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, so far forth at least as it im-
poses a duty upon tea and coffee; and at the first
suggestion i was inclined to favor a reduction, if
not an entire removal, of the duty on sugar, raw
or brown sugar, commonly so called. This is an
article that enters very largely into the general
consumption by all classes of people in the coun-
try, so that it has come to be counted among the
prime necessaries of life; and for this reason I
should be glad to see it brought within the reach
of all, especially of the poorer classes of the com-
munity, at the lowest rate. But, sir, a more ma-
ture reflection, a more careful consideration ofthe
subject, has induced me at least to question the
policy, the expediency, of removing or even ma-
terially reducing the duty on sugar, at the present
tune. The duty, as proposed by the original bill,
is a slight one, and hardly perceptible by the con-
sumer, it being but 1 cent upon the pound, §1
upon the hundred pounds, and about equivalent
to the present ad valorem duty of 24 per cent., as
i believe it is, upon the original cost.
The revenue derived from the duty on sugar
alone, the last current year, amounted to within
a fraction of §7,000,000. In 1857, if I mistake not,
it amounted to the enormoussum of $12,500,000,
within a very small fraction", and the aggregate
amount of duty from this source alone, during
the last fen years, amounted to something more |
then $57,000,000: averaging something 1than
$6,000,000 a year for the last ten year's. Sir, we
can hardly afford to dispense with the whole or
any portion of this revenue at the present time,
when your national Treasury is literally empty;
when your Government is involved in a debt "of
seventy or eighty million dollars; and when your
current expenditures are largely outrunning your
current income.
This is not the time nor the occasion to speak
of the causes which have produced this condition
of our national finances. I speak only of the fact.
I speak only of the stern reality as it exists; as
it stands before us; a reality which we have to
meet, and to meet it as best we may. I doubt not
the spirit of patriotism in the great masses of the
American people is warm enough and strong
enough to bear, without complaint and without
murmur, a small import duty upon the article of
sugar, and that, in addition to this, they would
bear, without complaint and without murmur, a
small duty upon the articles of tea and coffee, in
order to enable the Government to discharge its
pecuniary obligations; to enable it to meet its cur-
rent expenditures; and to enable it, within a rea-
sonable length of time, to extinguish the public
indebtedness. Our hope, and our confident hope,
is that we are about to inaugurate a more eco-
nomical administration of the affairs of this Gov-
ernment; that the public credit and the public
confidence are to be restored and strengthened,
and that the public debt will be paid; so that,
after a brief period, these duties,upon these arti-
cles may be removed. But just now, sir, we are
called upon to provide the ways and means of
meeting a present, existing, and pressing emer-
gency. That emergency being passed; this bur-
den, if it may be regarded as a burden, may be
taken off
I am aware, sir, that heretofore this duty upon
sugar has been imposed for the twofold purpose
of revenue and protection; of protection to the
great staple productions of some two or three of
the extreme southern States, and of Louisiana in
particular. I *am aware that the recent action of
that State may furnish a motive to some gentle-
men for abolishing this protective duty altogether.
But, sir, however strongly I may deprecatc, how-
ever strongly I may condemn the recent action of
that State, in the consideration of a question of
public policy of this character, in the considera-
tion of a question of mere political economy, I
would avoid even the appearance of being actu-
ated by any spirit of revenge, of retaliation, or of
unkindness even, towards an offending State.
The question of protection is not at all involved
in the imposition of this duty. It is only, with
us, a mere question of revenue. This we need,
and this we must have, if we would maintain the
credit, the honor, and the good faith of this Gov-
ernment. At the present time, you cannot dis-
pense with the whole or any considerable portion
of this import duty, which yields to your Treas-
ury $7,000,000 annually. You say you can make
it up by a duty on tea and coffee; and so. indeed,
you may; but that does not at all lessen the bur-
den upon the one hand, nor increase your reve-
nues upon the other. It is a mere transfer of the
duty or burden from one article of necessity and
placing it upon another, in neither of which is the
question of protection involved.
But do you propose to divide and equalize this
duty between the three articles of sugar, tea, and
coffee? You do not, in that case, enlarge your
revenue upon the one hand, nor lessen the burden
to the consumer upon the other. Sir, our present
j and pressing want"is more revenue,in addition to
| that which arises from the sugar duty and other
j articles. As I bef&re intimated, it may be found
j to be necessary—it may, at all events, be found
I to be expedient, m order to carry on your Gov-
ernment, in order to save the public credit and the
public faith—not only to retain the piesont duty
upon sugar, but to impose a duty upon the arti-
cles of tea and coffee also. Whenever such a ne-
cessity exists, (and everybody knows that it now
exists,) the popular sentiment and the popular
judgment of the American people will promptly
and cheerfully respond to the demands of that
necessity.
The consideration,as I have before suggested,
of what may have been the cause, or what may
be the occasion of tins necessity, and who are to
be held lespon^ible for if, belongs not to this dis-
cussion, and I have purposely avoided jr. It be-
longs not legitimately to this suhjwt. rv< n if it is
j nor nut of place upon this theater'. The A u^i icaii
i people will take cognizance of the fact, and make
