1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
the proper inquisition, and pass the deserved and
appropriate judgment upon it.
Entertaining the opinions which I have thus
very briefly expressed in reference to the amend-
ment now pending before the Senate, I shall give
my vote so as to retain the duty upon sugar, as
provided in the original bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which provides a specific duty of 1
cent upon the pound, and is just about equivalent
to the. existing ad valorem duty of 24 per cent,
upon the cost.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not- desire to say a
word upon this subject, because 1 believe it is
always unwise to make speeches on measures
which you wish to hurry through; but this sub-
ject of the duty on tea and coffee lias not been
very often discussed, and I wish to say a word m
relation to it. 1 have always been opposed to
taxing the prime necessaries of life. My own
feeling—and 1 very often act more on my feelings
than my judgment—is against interfeiing with the
duty on sugar. My motives at this timeare, that
in raising a system of revenue, it is wise and right
that alt the varied interests and various sections |
of the country should be taken eaie of. I <im one
who has no difficulty in saying that I am in favor
of protection to American manufactures and Amer-
ican products of every kind. Some gentlemen on
both sides have a delicacy on that subject. 1 have
none. 1 believe, too, that in raising revenue for
this country—this great and extensive country,
as it was the other day, and as 1 hope it will al-
ways be—the duties required to meet the wants
of the Government, when properly distributed
will protect every great interest of the country.
I do not look upon Louisiana as having left us;
I look upon that State rather as the prodigal son,
who has run away at present, but who will come
back after awhile, throwing himself upon our
kindness and our protection; and therefore, if I
were left to myself, I would leave this protection
to their great' industrial interest, sugar. Other
gentlemen think differently; and, in accordance
with all my motions m legislation, 1 go with a
majority of those who act with me, having no
faith in my own judgment especially; 1 trust to
the aggregate judgment of those with whom 1 act.
They think it is wise to reduce the duty upon
sugar one fourth, and put the remainder on tea
and coffee, which are in relative positions Willi
sugar; arid T yield to that.
I do not believe that this revenue upon tea and
coffee is going to increase the price at all. The
uniform practice of the world, and of the tea and
coffee-producing countries especially,has been to
put on an export tax; which is varied from time
to time to accommodate itself to the importation
tax levied in other countries. I remember that
was the case with Cuba some ycara ago. When
we reduced the duty on sugar, they put on a slight
exportation tax to correspond. That has been
the ease with the Brazilian coffee; and I have
looked with astonishment and wonder at the wis-
dom with which thai Empire of Brazil has been
managed. They always manage their affairs tor
the benefit of their country and their people; and
I wish our people would pay a little attention to
that subject. I do not behove this duty will in-
crease the price of tea and coffee at all.
I never make appeals to the Senate or the coun-
try about the poor. I tell yon. Air. President,
that the poor people are the least exacting of all
the people of this: conntry. They always take
care of themselves. As 1 said the other day, give
them protection to their labor—and I mean by that,
give them fair wages for what they flo—and they
ask no other protection. I have seen very few
poor people in this country; because I believe no
man is poor who lives within his means. The
man who gets a dollar a day, and lives within
that dollar a day, is as rich as the millionaire who
lives up to his income. That sort of people only
want to get a fair price for their labor, and to be
protected against the labor of other countries, who
have not thesame virtue, or the same intelligence,
and the same industry which they have. All our
revenue laws for the last ten or fifteen years have
tended to protect the pan per labor of Europe, which
sends your false invoices ill here, and which drives
the American laborer fiom his supper. 1 say I
shall vote for this alteration in the sugar duty;
not from my own judgment or my own heart, but
because wis«-r men think it is right.
Mr CL1NGMAN. I was very much<gratified
to hear the honorable Senator from "Vermont de-
clare that the party about to comeinto power ex-
pected to conduct the Government upon more
economical principles than has heretofore been
done. I had supposed, from the votes of Sena-
tors on that side of the Chamber, that they in-
tended to take a different course. They have not
only voted at this session to borrow $35,000,000,
but there is a provision in this very bill to bor-
row $21,000,000 more, making an addition of
$56,000,000 to the public debt; and besides that,
they have carried through this body a bill appro-
priating$121,000,000 to the three Pacific i ailroads.
That is all addition to the indebtedness of the
country of §177,000,000 at one session. Just think
of it'. Our present debt is about ^69,000,000, and
here is to be an addition of $177,000,000 to it. 1
am gratified, however, to find that the purpose is
not to carry out that system.
Again; the Senator from Pennsylvania says
that he is very averse to taxing necessniies. lam
very much pleased with that declaration; but it
does seem to me that his line of action is very in-
consistent. Surely, iron is a necessary. If you
put the question to a faimer whether he would
rather give up his plows and axes, or give up his
tea and coffee, I think ho would say lie must have
his working tools. Ask a man whether his shoes
and coat and blanket are more important to him
than his tea or coffee, and I think he would be
apt to say that the former stood in the first rank
of necessaries. If the honorable Senator will go
with us in making a bill which relieves the com-
munity; which enables those who are obliged to
have these necessaries of life to get thein on the
cheapest terms, he shall have my cooperation.
Rut if it is merely limited to some particular things
which may be regarded as necessai les, and the
great burden after all is to fall on what everybody
is obliged to use, so as to fall heaviest on the
poor of the country, I cannot go with him.
Mr. CAMERON. A single word to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina. He talks about the
farmers. I want to know how a farmer will get
his tea and coffee unless they come from abroad?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then why make the plow
dear by taxing the material of which it is made?
That is the question. I desire Pennsylvania to
make plows; but I wish her to make them and
sell them at as cheap rates as they can be had else-
where. I am willing to impose some tax on it. I
am willing to tax everything that is consumed;
butunfoi tunately the discrimination is against the
poor mainly; it is against the necessaries of life;
and if you will look over the list you will find
that those which are cheapest gencially are lux-
uries. I should say tea and coffee were nearer to
luxuries than other articles that we are speaking
of.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Vermont
expressed the hope that we are to have an Admin-
istration that is to be more economical than the
last. 1 concur with him in that hope, and I trust
that that hope is not to be disappointed. What-
ever, however, may be the failings of the incom-
ing Administration, I do not think it becomes any
of the gentlemen who have sustained the past
Administration to moke any reflections in advance
in regaid to what the next Administration may
do concerning the revenue and the finances of the
Government." The present Administration came
into power,four years ago, with §18,000,000 in the
public Treasury,"and with the credit of the country
hio-h advanced. They go out of power with apub-
licdebt of $80,000,000, and the credit of the coun-
try impaired and almost destroyed. And, sir, the
records of the present Congress will show' that by
the action of the majority—the responsible ma-
jority of the House of Representatives—the ex-
penditures of this Government have been cut down
by millions from what the Executive Departments
asked, and their recommendations were generally
supported by their friends in Congress. 1 ven-
ture here, to-day, to say that the record will show
that those who are now coming into power have
checked the expenditures of the out-going Admin-
istration millions of dollars below what they de-
manded.
But, sir, I suppose these remarks are made be-
cause wc oil this side of the Chamber are in favor
of some measures of public policy that may be
a drain on the Treasury of the country. On re-
flection. I think I shall vote against the proposi-
tion made by the Senator from Rhode Island, i
should like to reduce the duty on sugar. Every-
body feels that that duty has .been high, that it
never ought to have been so high as it has silled
for the past few years. I have myself been in
favor of its reduction, and 1 am so still; but, as
tha Senator from Vermont has said, we cannot
now spare the money which we receive from that
source; and, besides, I do not want.to give a vote
here that can be understood by anybody in; the
country as having been "caused by any feeling
growing out of the action of Louisiana.. I regaro
Louisiana to-day as apart of my country; and,
whatever may be the action of that State'now, I
have undoubting confidence that the time will
come, and that not far .distant, when those wan-
dering States that have rushed out of the Union
without the shade or the shadow of a cause, will
see their errors and will return to this Govern-
ment, and in the future uphold the Constitution
and the flag of our common country. Therefore,
I do not wish to give a vote that may be supposed
to strike at any of the peculiar interests of that
State; and besides, we want the revenue to be de-
rived fiom sugar. If the present rate of duty was
not there by law, I might not consent to put it
there; I would place it at a lower rate.
Now, a single word in regard to the proposition
to tax tea and coffee. That we need an increase
of revenue, we all admit; but tea and coffee for
years havecomemto this country dutyfree. They
enter every family; they are used in every cabin
of the country. If we here in the Senate amend
this bill by putting a tax on te.aand coffee, I have
the impression that it will fail in the House of
Representatives. If it beput in the bill, although
it will give us jj,4,000,000 or$5,000,000of increased
revenue, it will be the theme of demagoguism all
over die country. The charge will be made that
we have made a tariff for the protection of certain
interests of iron in Pennsylvania, and of textile
fabrics; and that, because wc have madea protect-
ive tariff, we have been forced to tax teaand coffee.
In my judgment, the friends of ttns measure had
better not incui the opposition that may be made
in the House of Representatives; had better not
incur the hostility that may be excited in the coun-
try by imposing a lax on tea and coffee; and so
believing, I feel constrained to vote against the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island. I
know that we have debts impending upon us,
forced upon us by extravagance—some, perhaps,
by the grossest dishonesty. I hope that these
things are to be corrected in the future; but to-
day, here and now, I feel that my duty requires
me to vote against the amendment moved by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Rhode Island a question. I understand that he
submitted an estimate of what would be the
amount of duty on tea and coffee together. I de-
sire to know, if he is prepared to state to the Sen-
ate, what it would be severally—how much of it
would comefrom tea, and how much from coffee?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not the paper here
on which the estimate was made, but 1 should
think there was about two thirds of it from cof<-
fee.
Mr. HALE. I am glad to hear it. It is com-
mon, in this discussion, to speak of tea and coffee
as if they occupied precisely the same relation to
the consumption of the country; and it is said
thattheyarc used ill every cottage, in every home,
however humble. I apprehend that it is not true
of them equally~~that what is true of tea is not
true of coffee. Tea comes nearer to being con-
sidered a necessity, coffee a luxury.
Mr. GRIMES. It is right the reverse with us
in the West.
Mr. HALE. I am told that I am going on my
New England habits; and that while what I have
said is true of New England, it is not true of the
West. I know that, among the people whom I
represent, it is eminently true that tea is an arti-
cle of universal consumption among the very
poorest, and coffee is very different. There are
very many families who have a large consump-
tion of tea that never use coffee. ] am told by
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Bingham] that
it is so everywhere. 1 should like, then, to have
a division of the question on this amendment, so
as to have a vote first upon the duty on coffee,
separate from thai on tea. Is it divisible ?
The PRESID1NQ OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The amendment proposed is subject to amend---
