THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
ment. The Senator can move to amend the amend-
ment in any form.
Mr. HALE. Idonotwanttoamend the amend-
ment; I merely ask for a division of the question.
Under the rules, when a question is divisible, it
may be divided without a motion to amend. If
the subj'ect is divisible, I have a right to ask for a
division of the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the proviso. The proviso, as it stands in
the amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, is in substance, that when certain Treas-
ury. notes and bonds which have been issued or
may be issued before the 4th of March next shall
have been paid, the President may issue a procla-
mation declaring that tea and coffee may be ad-
mitted duty free. I desire to change that proviso,
so that it shall read that the proposed duty on tea
and coffee shall cease from and after the 4th day
of March, 1863. We are entering on an experi-
ment; we are in a state of things such as never ex-
isted in this country before; and whattheamount
of our revenues may be for the coming two years,
it is impossible for any one now to anticipate.
Atthe suggestion of my friend from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] I will modify my amend-
ment, so as to fix the limit at the 3Qth of Juue,
1863, that being the end of the fiscal year. Dur-
ing these two years, we shall learn what will be
the effect of this change in the tariff laws, and
what will be the amount of revenue to be derived
from the importations into the country. We are
now passing through a crisis; all must agree in
that; it is an experiment that we have never tried
before, and we do not know how much our reve-
nues are to be; but during these two years we
shall have opportunity to see how it operates,and
if, at the end of that time, it be found not neces-
sary to continue the duty on tea ami coffee, I pro-
pose to let it expire by its own limitation.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to know whether the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin is sus-
ceptible of amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not. It is an amendment in the third de-
gree now.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish, when the proper stage
shall be arrived at, to insert "sugar" with tea
and coffee in the amendment proposed by him;
so that, at the expiration of two years, there
shall be no duty either ott tea or coftee or sugar.
I desire to say, now, that I object most decid-
edly and most emphatically to the idea which
seems to be attempted to be propagated by the
speeches of the Senators from Massachusetts and
Vermont, that those of us who shall vote in favor
of the reduction of the duty on sugar are going to
vote for it from revenge or out of retaliation, or
out of any unkindness toward the State of Louis-
iana or toward the sugar producersot' that State.
Tltis bill comes before us anew; it stands before
us as an entire new bill; and I propose to vote on
this sugar duty, and on all other duties, precisely
as I should vote if we had no tariff on our statute-
books. 1 will not now; I never saw the time
when I would, and 1 never expect to see the time
when I will, vote for a duty on tea and coffee and
sugar. Standing here as the representative of the
people of my State, I do not think I should bo
reflecting their wishes—indeed I know I should
not—m voting in favor of either of those propo-
sitions. As the representative of that State, in-
terested in the agriculture of the State, I will not
consent to tax the farmers of my State upon the
iron they use for the benefit of Pennsylvania, and
upon their jack-knives for the benefit of the States
ofConnecticutand Massachusetts; and upon their
woolens and cottons for the benefit of New Eng-
land, and then add to that a tax upon tea and
coffee and sugar, the necessaries to every man's
home. Therefore, I say I object most decidedly
to the idea that seems to be attempted to be prop-
agated, that it may, by indnection if not directly,
be inferred that those of us who vote in favor of
a reduction of the sugar duty, are so voting out
of any hostility to any particular section of the
country. I have my views in regard to secession,
in regard to the attitude of Louisiana, and the at-
titude of all the States that have gone out; but
standing here as the representative ot'my State, I
cast my vote as 1 believe the interests of my State
require me to vote on that particular measure,
without any regard to the attitude of those out-
going States.
Mr. WILSON. A single word in regard to
this sugar duty. I say to the Senator from Iowa,
that if Louisiana were here, if the seceding States
were in Congress, we should/iot make this reduc-
tion; we could not make it. That is my deliber-
ate judgment.
tilr. GRIMES. Why not ?
Mr. WILSON. Because we should not have
the power to pass the bill. We could not have
brought this bill into the Senate at the last session
with any hope of success.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask the Senator from
Massachusettsif that is any reason why we should
not do our duty as we understand it to-day ? The
question is not whether we had the power three
weeks ago, but what is our duty? What was my
duty then, is my duty, as a representative of Iowa,
to-uay.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator has his duties as
a representative of Iowa; I have mine as a repre-
sentative from Massachusetts, and as a Senator of
the United States. I do not say that if the Sen-
ator from Iowa votes for the reduction of the duty
on sugar, he votes for it out of any ill will toward
Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me ? I would like to correct him in regard to there
being no opposition to the sugar duties. When
we had the tariff up—in 1857,1 think—I moved to
abolish the duty on sugar altogether, and we came
very near doing it.
Mr. WILSON. Did you carry it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We did not. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, I suppose, opposed us,
as he does now; but I can say to him that, if he
expfcts to pass this tariff bill, he will have to find
votes somewhere else tha'n in the Northwest to
pass it, if he insists on these duties.
Mr. WILSON. As this matter is up", let us
have a plain talk about it. What 1 said was, that
if the seceding States were here in Congress, we
should not have the power to make this reduc-
tion. I say further, that this bill, when it passed
the House of Representatives at the last session,
could not have passed if the duties on sugar had
been reduced. I state a fact. I know that Sen-
ators and members of the House of Representa-
tives in great numbers are and have been opposed
to this high duty on sugar; 1 have been; but there
has never been a Congress when that duty could
be reduced until the present hour. I say, then,
that if, 111 the present condition of affairs in this
country, Congress does reduce this duty, what-
ever maybe the motive actuating Senators, it will
be represented in the country that they seized the
occasion (and were actuated by that spirit) to
strike a blow at the interests of the State of Lou-
isiana.
The Senator from Iowa said nothing that I
have any right certainly to take exception to; but
I thought there was something in the tone of his
voice when he spoke of protecting jack-knives ill
Massachusetts and Connecticut. It is very easy
for a gentleman of the Northwest to rise on this
floor and talk about protection to Pennsylvania
and New England, and to say that his people have
no protection; but, sir, standing here to-day, I
express it as my deliberate judgment that there
are not half a dozen States—and I doubt whether
there ue among them all one—so little interested in
changing the tariff as the State of Massachusetts.
I say further, as the representative of that State,
I know that in voting for this bill I am voting
against the wishes of a large portion of the people
of my State, who believe the present tariff better
for us than your proposed tariff; and 1 vote, too,
against my own deliberate judgment, for I had
rather stand on the tariff of 1857 than take this bill.
Several Senators. Then why vote for it?
Mr. WILSON. I vote for it to increase the
revenues of the Government. On investigation,
I believe it will add some millions to these rev-
enues, though perhaps not all that is expected.
I know that the present system has failed to raise
the revenue that is necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment. That is a settled fact; for we have ex-
pended all the money we could raise, and run in
debt $50,000,000 more during the last four years.
1 want no man to vote for this bill m order to
protect the interests of Massachusetts; for the
tariff of 1857, precisely and exactly as it stands
upon your statute-book to-day, so far as the pro-
ductive industry of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts is soncerncd, in all its various depart-
ments,amounting to §350,000,000annually, is the
best tariff ever put upon the statute-books of this
country. That is my judgment; and by passing
this bill we shall gain nothing as a State. I shall
vote for the bill, but I vote for it to raise revenue;
I vote for it as a revenue measure; and I disclaim
altogether any idea that, as a measure of protec-
tion, the State that I represent is to bo benefited
by it.
The Senator from Iowa will not tax tea and
coffee. If the tax was upon tea and coffee I would
not reduce it at-the present time. The tax is not
there. I believe that it will not be put there by
the House of Representatives, and I hope not by
the Senate. As to the matter of sugar, it is to the
interest of my State to have the duty off; but this
Government needs that money; and whatever wo
may say in regard to it, I do not think we could
reduce it if Louisiana was in this Congress, and
I do not like to touch it in her absence.
Mr. SIMMONS. The debate has taken a very
different course from what I expected. In se-
lecting these articles for a moderate late of duty,
I have endeavored to sec how much could be
raised from this source. I was induced to take a
little off the duties on sugar, on the ground that
it was, in some degree, mingled with these other
articles in the consumption of every family. To
keep the duty on sugar at the present rate, and,
at the same time, to put a duty on the tea and
coffee, would seem to be throwing too much of
the expenses of the Government on the consum-
ers of these articles. I have stated several times
that we have got to increase our income at least
$20,000,000 a year in order to meet the expenses
of the Government. By the arrangement pro-
posed in this amendment, we shall get an increase
of §4,000,000 a year, one fifth of these §20,000,000.
If I am not disappointed in the operations of other
parts of this bill, we shall get $16,000,000 more
by them. There are a great many considerations
to induce Senators to vote to keep the presen.
duty on sugar, and,at the same time, to increase
the duties on the concomitant articles that are
consumed with it; butl wish to call the attention
of Senators to the fact that, two or three years
ago, when there was a proposition to take off en-
tirely the duties on sugar, they would have been
taken off but for the votes of Senators on this
side of the Chamber, and mine among the rest.
I voted against taking off the duty on sugar two
or three years ago; because I knew we were not
getting enough revenue under the tariff then ex-
isting, with the duty as it was; and when there
was no proposition to substitute anytbingelse for
the duty on sugar, I voted against taking it off.
It would only have made us so much more in
debt every year. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says this Administration came into power
with §18,000,000. The feet, I believe, is, they
had §26.000,000.
Mr. WILSON. Eighteen at the beginning of
their fiscal year, and §26,000,000 on the 4th of
March.
Mr. SIMMONS. They had §26,000,000 when
they came into power.
Mr. WILSON. When their fiscal year com-
menced they had §18,000,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. I call the 4th of March the
beginning of their year—when they came in.
Since thattime, together with the money on hand,
we have spent an average of over §20,000,000 a
yearmorethan we have received. Tiie outgoings
of this Administration for the four years will ex-
ceed §83,000,000, over and above its receipts; and
I know of nti way to get it but to put taxes on,
to increase the revenue, increase the rates of duty
where they will bear it. I modified this item at
thesuggestionofa great many friends,who thought
that if we took a little duty off the high late on
sugar and put a reasonable duty on tea'and coffee,
it could be better justified to the people. I desire
to have a measure as satisfactory to everybody as
possible; but you cannot satisfy anvbodv if you
ask him to pay more revenue tlian fie now pays.
Nobody who thinks he is going to pay more will
be satisfied with it. I do not expect to get any
credit by raising the duties. It is not to be got in
that direction. It is a jjivat d<al more satisfactory
to the people of tills eounti'y to takeoff d'ltns
than it is to put them on; but 1 believe the p-ople
of the country are utteily sick and tin d of thu
running in debt, and they would lather pay the
duties annually. I have no sort of objection to
