
Illinois on military business connected with my command. While in Saint Louis I applies to Washington for an entire remount for Winslow's command, which I obtained, and had the horses (2,000 in number) shod in readiness for them. My leaving here, in the first place, for the purpose of getting together all the troops I possibly could, in pursuance of instructions from Major-General Howard and yourself, in order that I might be able to make the expedition first indicated by you and which was afterward abandoned.

Hoping this explanation of the cause of delay may prove satisfactory,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH IOWA CAVALRY,Nashville, December 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain ANDREWS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that, by direction of Major-General Schofield, I covered the west flank of the army into Nashville by way of the Granny White pike, and find myself separated from the general commanding. By direction of Major Beaumont, I am drawing ammunition, horseshoes, &amp;c., and expect to start my command to rejoin you by 8 p. m. Having completed the duty assigned me by Major-General Schofield, I trust upon your relieving me without having first to report to him to be relieved, as he is upon another road, and I might lose much time thereby. The duty assigned my regiment by General Schofield last evening I believe was performed satisfactorily, having patrolled as far down as the Hillsborough pike and retired from the front the last of all the troops.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. MORRIS YOUNG,

Major, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH INDIANA CAVALRY,La Vergne, December 1, 1864.

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report having just returned from a scout to Nolensville; met no enemy in force; gave unsuccessful chase to small squads. The command of Colonel Stewart passed through there last evening in the direction of Triune. I gathered up several stragglers of dealt with and routed on the Wilson pike about eight miles from Nolensville. Nolensville pike is now clear; the indications are, however, that it will be heavily scouted by the enemy to-morrow. The force engaging Stewart used artillery. Major Hannum, of the Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, in charge of two companies of the routed men, passed one of my scouting parties and went in the direction of Nashville. I was three miles distant. He sent me verbal information relative to it, but id not wait to see me; whether he reached Nashville or not I can-

