
head of Harpeth Shoals is two miles farther up, at Harpeth Island, where the shoalest water is, but it runs swiftly there. It is unfortunate that the enemy is now inaccessible to the iron-clads along an extent of seventeen miles. If I move up to Davis' Ripple this place will be left exposed, and I am told the water runs swiftly there, which would not be as favorable to crossing as some intermediate portions of the shoals with landings and with roads leading to and from it. I will, however, reconnoiter to the foot of the shoal, if desired. It is likely the enemy word cross at the landing marked Williams on the map and called Hinton's, on the lower point of Harpeth River.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

NASHVILLE, December 9 [8], 1864.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Clarksville:

Your dispatch of 8.45 p.m. is received. It was not my intention in requesting to have the river patrolled up to Harpeth to wish the gun-boat to remain there, but simply that the position be reconnoitered, so as to ascertain whether there was any truth in the reported crossing of the enemy below Harpeth. I shall be obliged to you if you will have the river patrolled as proposed, and I will request Lieutenant-Commander Fitch to have the same done from this point down to Harpeth.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

U. S. STEAMER NEOSHO,

Robinson's Island, December 8, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: There is a portion of the enemy-cavalry, I think-across the river, and I suppose foraging; the force is represented to be pretty strong. They were moving up the river to strike the Springfield pike, taking cattle and everything within reach. They crossed well down the river, below the mouth of Harpeth, I am told. The water is getting so low that I cannot get down that far with the heavy boats. I asked the admiral by telegraph this morning to let the Cincinnati come up as far as possible; she ought to get near that point. I will go down as far as possible with these boats, but fear I cannot more than reach Ashland. If I get aground the boats will be useless, as the river is falling so fast that I fear we cannot get off again before a rise. I will have to move down without the company of soldiers, as it would not now be safe for only one company to venture on the reconnaissance. I will try to get back as soon as possible, but may be detained a day or two, but, if possible, will get to where they crossed, and if there is a pontoon will destroy it. I could not stop to gather further information, as I wished to get the word to you as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LE ROY FITCH,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Tenth District, Mississippi Squadron.

