
III. Major General D. N. Couch, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL SMITH'S HEADQUARTERS, December 8, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Appearance on our front same as yesterday. All quiet.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENN.,

No. 19. Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

The Sixteenth Army Corps as a corps organization having been discontinued by orders from the War Department, the troops heretofore reported to Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will hereafter be known as "The Detachment of the Army of the Tennessee." The organization of the divisions will not be changed-First Division, Brigadier General J. McArthur commanding; Second Division (Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps), Brigadier-General Garrard commanding; Third Division, Colonel J. B. Moore commanding. All reports and returns will be made to these headquarters, as required by existing orders.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions of the general commanding, received yesterday, I have the honor to report that during the day yesterday the enemy in front of my command maintained about the same positions and in about the same numbers as for several days past. During the night he withdrew the two pieces of artillery with which he opened on us the day before. Yesterday morning I moved one of my Rodman guns out to the skirmish line, and shelled their reserve picket-posts with evident effect, as they moved their horses tot he rear. During the night everything was quiet, and no movements of the enemy have been seen or reported this morning. A report this moment received from the officer in command of the cavalry on the Charlotte pike says the enemy's pickets occupy the same position they did yesterday.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. McMILLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

