
fifty men, had crossed the river. He doesn't think any more have crossed. I have, however, directed General Johnson to investigate the matter fully.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 8, 1864-7 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: After conference with my division commanders, I have to state, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the cavalry forces cannot be assembled and put in a proper condition to move in a general campaign before Sunday afternoon. There are 3,000 well-mounted men absent, some of whom cannot get back [before] to-morrow night, and when they do arrive will be necessarily considerably jaded. The horses they bring will require shoeing, and some time to issue. If the parties impressing have been ordinarily successful, by waiting until Sunday our force will be materially increased, say 3,000 men. Brigadier-General Croxton informs me that it will be almost impossible for La Grange's brigade to get here before Saturday night. If, in consideration of all these facts, the major-general commanding determines to delay the movement till Monday, be good enough to inform me at your earliest convenience, in order that I may continue my efforts to make the cavalry force efficient. If he does not so decide, I shall have to begin crossing the river to-morrow at noon, and all arrangements not completed must necessarily be indefinitely postponed. I will see the major-general commanding early to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

Lieutenant JOSEPH HEDGES,

Commanding Fourth U. S. Cavalry:

LIEUTENANT: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you send fifty men from your command, under a competent officer, with instructions to take all the hack, omnibus, and carriage horses in Nashville that are suitable for cavalry purposes. Adams Express Company horses are exempted. These horses will be brought to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW,

Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: You will proceed, on City of Cairo, this evening, to Cairo, Ill., and from thence forward, by telegraph, the dispatch* handed you for

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part IV,p.799.

---------------

