
Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, and will await an answer, proceeding, however, to Saint Louis, Louisville, or elsewhere, if found necessary, to accomplish the objects of your mission. Should be detachments of Fourth Missouri and Seventh Indiana Cavalry, now in Missouri, arrive at Cairo, you will cause them to be immediately embarked for Memphis. If the portion of the Fourth Iowa, Third Iowa, and Tenth Missouri Cavalry, now supposed to be en route from Saint Louis, should arrive at Cairo, you will cause their detention at Cairo until orders are received from Washington in regard to them; should they have already passed Cairo for Louisville, you will telegraph the fact to Major-General Halleck. The commanding officer at Cairo will afford all necessary assistance and give necessary orders for securing transportation, &amp;c. You will report proceedings by letter from day to day, and in person when this duty is accomplished, to these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Edgefield, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I have just received a dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Baird, commanding Fifth Iowa Cavalry, dated Hopkinsville, Ky., yesterday, as follows:

I have just arrived here. I have three companies yet out, but am expecting them in to-night. I cannot reach Nashville earlier than Saturday evening.

I have telegraphed him to use all possible expedition to be here by to-morrow noon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SEVENTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Cole's Ferry Road, Gallatin, December 8, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT:

My command, all that I can reach, will be well out on the Nashville pike to-day; will concentrate at Edgefield to-morrow evening.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, December 8, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

Have been into Lebanon. Breckinridge expected and supposed to be somewhere near Sparta, now doubtful. Biffle gone from Lebanon; not know where. No reliable information from Murfreesborough. Part of Cheatham's division supposed to be there and along Stone's River. No pontoons. Guerrilla forces picket in my front.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

