
STEVENSON, December 8, 1864.

Captain HENRY A. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Granger desires to inform General Meagher that he has assumed no control over the telegraph office at this post. Colonel Krzyzanowski is in command of the post, and the general's communication has been referred to him. Stevenson has been placed within the command of Northern Alabama, by command of General Thomas, and I have continued Colonel Krzyzanowski in command of post. I presume that he, no more than myself, is aware that the wires have been used to convey the impertinent message referred to in the general's communication.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,No. 59. Chattanooga, December 8, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The signal for the assembling of the Civic Guard of Chattanooga, organized in accordance with Special and General Orders, No. 1, from these headquarters, is hereby fixed, and ordered to be three guns, fired at intervals of one minute, from the headquarters of the district.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Meagher:

H. A. FORD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSVILLE, December 8, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If there is a probability of the enemy planting a battery on the south side of the river to destroy transports, I would suggest that they drop back to Fort Donelson, where, under the bluff, they would be comparatively safe. Admiral Lee is compelled to leave here for want of water. I have no news of an enemy in this vicinity.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 8, 1864.

Colonel A. A. SMITH,

Clarksville:

How long will it take to unload stores from transports at Clarksville, and how many car-loads do you suppose there will be in all?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, December 8, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

The beef-cattle arrived from Chattanooga day before yesterday. The First and Second [Ohio] Artillery moved up the Plains yesterday.

