
The supply train and cattle go up to-day. I am making use of all the old horse equipments in store-house to fit out General Gillem's command, and hope to get them off to-morrow; if so, shall leave myself with them and join Burbridge at Bean's Station, and immediately push for Bristol and endeavor to intercept any force which may be this side of State line. Have no news from Richmond or from this side. River very low and roads passable. Have you any information that would interest or affect us? Is there any chance of Hood's coming this way? Where is General Sherman? Will keep you advised daily, if I can.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Dispatch received. Have no definite news from Sherman. No danger of Hood going that way, for some time at least; but your work should be done soon, so that you may be ready for anything. You force may be wanted about Chattanooga after a while.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

PRIVATE.] HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,

Cincinnati, Ohio, December 8, 1864.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

United States Senate:

Since my connection with the rebellion friends high in position have kindly tendered me their officers in securing my preferment or assignment to important command, but, with the single exception of the aid that was rendered me on the occasion of my return to the army, I have uniformly declined them, believing that if health and strength were given me, I could accomplish my advancement with my sword, and that it would come to me when I had earned it. It was with this feeling that I assured you at the asylum that the command of the Army of the Potomac would fall to me soon enough, without the effort of my friends to hasten it. It did come, and I exercised it as long as I could with advantage to the cause and with a becoming regard for my honor and self-respect. I trust that an opportunity will be afford me by the present Congress to lay before the public the facts connected with this part of my military history, which has hitherto been denied me, after having made the most strenuous efforts to have it placed on record and spread before the world. It is sufficient to say that now it is not understood. I am, and have been, censured for that which I consider as the most meritorious of my military services. Time will tell whether I am in error, or those who have succeeded thus far in concealing that part of the history of the rebellion from the public mind. Be that as it may, in the public estimation I was considered with less favor until I was transferred to the West, when my star rose again higher than ever, until now, when I would not exchange the consideration I enjoy in the army for services rendered with any officer who has participated in the war.

It is a fact you may not be aware of, that we have no army in the field that would not welcome my return to it with demonstration bordering on enthusiasm. Officers in command of these armies know this, and the highest civil authorities of the land know it, it they know anything.

