
him, as we had many opportunities to do. No campaign of ours is open to more severe criticism, and if it has hitherto escaped, it has been for the reason that the political condition of the country did not justify it; it was barren of fruit, but prolific in deeds of the noblest heroism on the part of the troops. Sherman is active and intelligent, but so devoid of judgment that it is actually unsafe to trust an army to his command. I know of what I am writing. If he is not flighty, I never saw a flighty man.

Sheridan has just been made a brigadier, and now I hear he is named for a major-generally for Cedar Run. I have no disposition to disparage his conduct on this field, but how many times would I have been advanced had my conduct been regarded with equal favor? I have no objection to his being rewarded, but not at my expense, when I have had ten fields to his one, and acknowledged by my companions to have been a fighting general on all of them. What does it mean, then, Senator, that these indignities are crowded upon me? I am informed that Grant will never forgive me for taking Lookout Mountain, although assaulted in obedience to his orders; but the trouble was, I was too successful. But can it be possible that the President of the United States will adopt the opinions of the lieutenant-general in regard to me and war as his standard, by which he shall award the rewards and punishments of service? Is it possible that he should not be filled with men of medium ability, uncles the Senate should interpose to prevent it. Every day one is made to blush at the ignorance which prevails in regard to the war, and this will continue to be the case until we can have a national organ, controlled by the highest intelligence of the land, to enunciate the truth in regard to passing events. Our people read newspapers to avoid thinking, and hence it is not surprising that they should often appear to great disadvantage. But I am wandering from my subject.

My object in writing was to be summoned before your Committee; this I especially desire. I need not tell you that I wish to be in a state of readiness to quit the service, in case I should be compelled to from the outrages done me.

Hoping that I may soon hear from you, and wishing you well, I remain.

Your friend and servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 8, 1864-11.35 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Louisville, Ky.:

The captain of the steamer Bostoma, No. 1, Madison packet, [reports that he] was fired into at Carrollton, at the mouth of Kentucky River, yesterday, and the citizens reported that the force was Jessee's rebel cavalry, and numbered about 150. I request that a force be sent to capture this band of guerrillas, if possible. I have no men to send; all of my troops are now guarding prisoners. Please answer.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

8 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

