HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, [December 9, 1864.]

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding:

Dispatched you early this morning, but probably you have not received it, the entire appearance of the enemy in front of the Fourth Army Corps, so far as could be discovered, remains unchanged, and is as yesterday. Major Dawson, inspector of pickets, was on the line just after daylight this morning, and reports no change since yesterday apparent. Colonel Fullerton is now out to examine the distant works of the enemy to our right of Hillsborough pike and front of General Smith's left; so soon as I have his report, will send it to you.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding, &amp;c.:

Colonel Fullerton has just returned from examining the enemy's line in front of General Smith's left, but says the atmosphere is so close it is impossible to see the enemy's line. The officer in command of the battery on the hill near General Smith's left to Colonel Fullerton that early this morning he could see the enemy's line, and did not see that it had been extended any since yesterday. I will keep you advised of any changes.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 9, 1863.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,Commanding:

Your dispatch postponing, &c., just received. Everything will be held in readiness for the movement whenever you may order it. I have had Colonel Opdycke out in person much of the morning watching and observing and reconnoitering the ground. Under cover of the storm I thought he might individually get up nearer and see what could not be seen otherwise. After receiving General Kimball's report of this morning in regard to the deserter who came in through the Twenty-their Corps front, I sent out Major Dawson to visit the entire picket-line and order the most careful watch to be kept on the enemy and report immediately any movement. Major Dawson reported he could detect no change in the appearance of the enemy's lines and camps. I am now about going out to the front, and will give you the result of my observations.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

