HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

Paragraph III, General Orders, No. 160, War Department, series of 1862, limits the allowance of tentage to company officers to one sheltertent each. For an active campaign in pleasant weather company officers can manage to get along with this allowance and perform the duties required of them, but in inclement and winter weather it is impossible. I would therefore suggest that the quartermaster's department, if the amelioration can be allowed, be directed to issue four wall-tents for the use of the company officers of each regiment. In this number of tents the present limited number of company officers could find shelter and have the means of doing their proper work. Some additional means of transportation should also be given to them for being. The one wagon now allowed to a regiment barely suffices to transport the regimental and company desks, the three tents allowed to the field and staff of the regiment, a small supply of necessary arrangements and provisions, and the most limited amount of bedding and the officers' valises. In this corps there are fifty-four regimental organizations, and I cannot allow another wagon to each regiment without so weakening the supply train as to render it impossible to transport subsistence enough for any protracted operations. I would hence ask that the quartermaster's department be directed to turn over to the corps at least fifty additional wagons and teams, and if this cannot be done that each regiment be allowed six mules and packsaddles for the use of the company officers. With this additional means of transportation the comfort, convenience, and efficiency of the company officers would be greatly enhanced, and consequently the general efficiency of the army. I would hence invite the attention of the commanding general to the matter at his earliest convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 9, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Don't expect me to-day; too risky for smooth shod to travel.

W. L. ELLIOTT,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, December 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I know of no change yet; have sent out to ascertain.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

