HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Nashville, December 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: A rebel deserter came into our lines this a.m. and states that-

The report is Hood is trying to flank the Yankees. One division of Cheatham's corps went to Murfreesborough several days since-Bate's division-and he sent for re-enforcements, and another division sent him two days since. Rebels do not intend to attack Nashville, but expect to take Murfreesborough and winter there.

No perceptible change on my front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have received your dispatch postponing to-morrow's movement. I will have everything to move at a moment's warning.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I 	have the honor to forward for the information of the commanding general the following statement of a deserter from the rebel lines who came in last evening:

Charles O'Brien, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry, an Irishman, thirteen years in this country, lived in New Orleans before the war; his family still there, and he desires to join them; belonged to Gibson's brigade, Clayton's division, Lee's corps; was on the skirmish line yesterday, which was strengthened and supported by heavy supports, and drove in our line of pickets. At evening all were withdrawn except two men in each rifle-pit; this, taken with camp rumors, made him think the army intended moving last night, and he therefore came into our lines. He says further that it was generally understood in camp that Bate's division was sent back that he was not strong enough, and another division was sent to him; that it was rumored in camp that the whole army would soon move to Murfreesborough. He reports the rebel loss in killed at Franklin 1,700; says there is not doubt Cleburne was killed; says the division he belongs to has from 6,000 to 7,000 men, and that the army is believed to have from 35,000 to 40,000 infantry and artillery since the battle of Franklin. The other divisions of Lee's corps are Stevenson's and Johnson's.

No change in my immediate front is perceptible this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

