
The Seventh Ohio, which was stationed at Hyde's Ferry, eight miles below, scouted all the country in their rear, but I am informed by an officer (the colonel commanding has not yet reported) they procured only about one dozen horses. The Fifth Iowa not yet heard from.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, CAV. CORPS,

No. 4. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Edgefield, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

I. With the approval of the brevet major-general commanding the corps, the following is announced as the organization of this division: First Brigade, Colonel Thomas J. Harrison commanding-Eighth Michigan Cavalry, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, Seventh Ohio Cavalry; Second Brigade, Colonel James Biddle commanding-Fifth Indiana Cavalry, Sixth Indiana Cavalry, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Third Tennessee Cavalry; Third Brigade (will be commanded by the senior officer present)-Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.

II. The several regimental commanders will report in accordance with his assignment.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH OHIO CAVALRY, December 9, 1864-4 p.m.

Captain W. B. SMITH,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Sixth Div., Cav. Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I sent three companies, under command of Captain R. C. Rankin, on the reconnaissance down the river ordered last night. They were ordered to proceed as far as Ashland, a point twenty miles below here, near Harpeth Shoals. Captain Rankin reports that night before last a party of fourteen dismounted men crossed the river near Bell's Mill, in Anderson's Ben, near where the boats were captured last Saturday night; that on reaching this side they pressed horses and a guide and struck out for Kentucky. They were probably deserters. He could hear of no other parties on this side of the river. He went down below Ashland one mile and a half to where some guerrillas were said to be, but could find nothing of them. The Hyde's Ferry pike strikes the river about eight or ten miles below here, and for two miles takes its course along the bank of the river under the cliff. This exposes a force traveling the road to fire at a short range from the southern shore. Captain Rankin followed this route both going and coming without attracting any fire from the opposite bank. If the enemy had crossed as stated in the communication of the officer commanding U. S. steamer Neosho, it is quite probable that I would have heard of it while scouting down within twenty miles of Clarksville for horses, and that Captain Rankin would have ascertained it by the scout of to-day. It is h is opinion, as it is my own, that no cavalry force of the enemy had crossed the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

