
Send out your scouts again and be certain there are no rebels in your front. Colonel Gallup scouts as far as possible toward gap.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I think it probably will be better to bring Winslow's cavalry to Thomas until Hood is driven out. So much seems to be awaiting the raising of a cavalry force that everything should be done to supply this want.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 10, 1864-1.40 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

It is reported that most of the cavalry horses sent to mount Garrard's division were used for other purposes, and that 2,400 cavalry horses have been issued at Lexington during the last month to newly organized Kentucky infantry regiments. Nearly one-third of the cavalry oft he entire army is now dismounted, and the mounting of infantry regiments, except in cases of great emergency, is contrary to regulations and repeated orders. It should immediately cease, and the officers who have done it without proper authority brought to account.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 10, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 2 [1.40] p.m. this date is received. I have inquired of General Wilson about the diversion of the horses sent to Louisville to mount Garrard's division to other purposes. He thinks the report a mistake. No horses have been used for mounting infantry that I know of, except those used by General Burbridge in October, before he came under my authority. I will make inquiry of Major Chambliss, and give the necessary orders to govern the case in future. There is no apparent change in the enemy's position to-day. The sleet and inclement weather still continue, rendering offensive operations extremely hazardous, if not impossible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[DECEMBER 10, 1864.-For abstract from return of the U. S. forces under command of Major General George H. Thomas, see Part I, p.54.]

