
Department of the Ohio, of November 1, 1864, does not invest him with authority to exercise those powers which by law are required to be exercised by a department commander alone. The authority expressly conferred upon you law as such commander cannot be delegated by you to a subordinate. While, therefore, you continue to be the only commander appointed by the President to the Department of the Ohio, you alone can confirm, execute, remit, or mitigate sentences of death, or of cashiering or dismissing an officer pronounced therein by military courts.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Judge-Advocate-General.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 176. Nashville, Tenn., December 10, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. General Orders, No. 60, current series, headquarters Department of the Ohio, is hereby amended to read as follows: The allowance of transportation for the headquarters of a division during the winter campaign will be, for baggage, camp equipage, desks, &amp;c., three wagons; for forage, one wagon; for mechanics' tools and materials, one wagon; for shoes for the men, one wagon; for subsistence stores for sale to officers, one wagon; for a division ammunition train, a sufficient number of wagons to carry sixty rounds of ammunition for each enlisted man present in the infantry regiments in the division; one wagon for artillery ammunition for each battery in the division; one wagon for intrenching tools; one wagon for intrenching tools will also be allowed each brigade headquarters.

III. Captain J. B. Campbell, assistant quartermaster, is hereby relieved from duty as quartermaster Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and assigned as assistant chief quartermaster Twenty-third Army Corps.

IV. Lieutenant G. A. Lyon, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, and acting assistant quartermaster, is assigned as quartermaster of transportation of the corps, and will have charge, under the direction of the assistant chief quartermaster, of the supply train and the corps ordnance train.

V. Captain E. B. Whitman, assistant quartermaster, is assigned as quartermaster Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and chief quartermaster District of East Tennessee.

VI. Captain D. W. H. Day, assistant quartermaster, is assigned as quartermaster Fifth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and chief quartermaster District of Kentucky.

VII. Captain George C. Winslow, assistant quartermaster, is relieved as quartermaster Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and assigned as disbursing quartermaster for the District of Kentucky, and will report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Boyd, chief quartermaster Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IX. Captain Tyler P. Rood, assistant quartermaster, is assigned as quartermaster Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

