
Cavalry are en route from Saint Louis to Clarksville, Tenn. Portions of above regiments will reach here to-night and to-morrow. I shall go to Memphis to-night, to make every effort to have the detachments there ordered and forwarded to Nashville. I had got orders once for this from Major-General Washburn, but Major-General Dana has thus far delayed movements, thinking it not unlikely that the portions in Missouri might join him at Memphis. Major-General Halleck has, however, definitely settled that matter. I have left Colonel Benteen full instructions to push for Nashville from Clarksville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Edgefield, Tenn., December 10, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Lieutenant-Colonel Baird, commanding Fifth Iowa Cavalry, has just reported. His command will reach here in about one hour. He reports as follows: Left camp on the evening of the 3rd instant; reached Hopkinsville on the night of Wednesday last, the 7th instant, having made a detour to the right to Russellville on his march thither, in order to pick up sixty horses at that place, of which he had information. The Eighth Iowa Cavalry, however, had preceded him and picket up all these horses. At Elkton, on his march up, he obtained fifteen horses (about). From Hopkinsville he detached parties over all the surrounding country. He obtained in all, he states, about 300 horses, very poorly shod; they will nearly all need reshoeing. A full report, with the record of receipts given, will speedily be forwarded. Of these horses Colonel Baird reports that he will need near 250 in his regiment, and, supposing that this would meet the approval of Major-General Wilson, I have instructed him to retain sufficient to mount all of his men. Lieutenant-Colonel Baird thinks that horses enough can still be procured in that country to mount a brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GALLATIN, TENN., December 10, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The Second Tennessee Cavalry,* with which I am to patrol the river, has not yet reported here.

JAMES GILFILLAN,

Colonel Eleventh Minnesota Infantry, Commanding Post.

---------------

*Mounted infantry.

---------------

