
DALTON, December 1, 1864.

Captain H. A. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is about 300 rebel cavalry and guerrillas hanging around my lines, frequently firing on my pickets. It is also reported that a large force is a crossing in from the direction of Rome. I have only five scouts, and they cannot render me much service. I want you to send me some horses or mounted men; my position demands it. My pickets are assaulted by the enemy with impunity, for they know I cannot pursue them. I do not know how much credit to give the report that a force is coming from Rome. If I had some cavalry I could soon inform myself.

J. B. CULVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

KINGSTON SPRINGS, December 1, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch received. * There was no comminution either way last night, and the trains due were so far behind that I though them captured. Concentrated my regiment this morning at this point. One train is here now; the other will probably be here soon. The One hundredth [U. S. Colored] left Sneedsville, as per orders, this a. m., after trains passed.

W. R. SELLON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth U. S. Colored.

NASHVILLE, December 1, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

Your letter of November 26 received.+ The major-general commanding approves your suggestions as contained therein.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., December 1, 1864.

(Via Cumberland Gap.)

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Your two telegrams of 30th instant [ultimo] received. I sent you a long telegram last night containing one from U. S. Grant; have you received it? My instructions therein contained were based upon the supposition that you would be at Bean's Station. If the Clinch is not easily forded you had better leave your encumbrances on the other side of the Clinch until you have thoroughly scouted the country toward Kingsport and between the Clinch and the Holston. A demonstration in that direction will almost certainly cause the enemy to fall back to Bristol. Get all the information you can as to what the enemy is doing

---------------

*See Part I, 7.30 p. m., p. 1195.

+See Part I, p. 1073.

---------------

