HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Donelson, Tenn., December 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH,

Commanding at Paducah, Ky.:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following statements in regard to the status of operations in this locality: Brigadier-General Lyon, C. S. Army, on yesterday afternoon, captured transport "Thomas E. Tutt," at Cumberland City, twenty miles above us, and crossed the Cumberland River at that point with his division, numbering about 4,000 men. The crossing was completed to-day about noon. I have information which I deem reliable that they intend marching upon Hopkinsville, Ky. An attack is also anticipated at Clarksville, Tenn. I have about 700 available men at this post, and am amply able to hold it against any force they can bring to bear. I have no mounted men, however, and am not able to harass them in their march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FORBES,

Colonel Forty-second Missouri Infantry, Commanding Post.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, December 10, 1864-2.45 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Louisville, Ky.:

The following has just been received and sent for your information and action:

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., December 10, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am informed by an officer in whom I have confidence that Major Walker Taylor, C. S. Army, is at Haynesville, Ky., opposite Carrollton, Ind., with 400 armed men, recruiting and conscripting for the rebel army.

A. P. HOVEY,

Brevet Major-General.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FRANKFORT, December 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General McLEAN:

On account of increased trouble on road below here, I have sent an additional force of thirty-five men to Pleasureville, and a sufficient mounted force with instructions to hunt down guerrillas and close the road. Have you any news from Major-General Burbridge?

D. W. LINDSEY,

Inspector-General and Adjutant-General.

CAMP NELSON, December 10, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have a light [force] at Forts Nelson, Jackson, and Taylor; no ordnance at any other. This guard consists of the thirty-five men referred to in my telegram of November 28 to you. Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry are guarding camp and military prison, in which there are sixty-one prisoners. Some colored troops have just been armed. Will send a full report to-morrow by mail of available force in camp.

S. S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

