
LEXINGTON, KY., December 10, 1864.

Lieutenant BLAND,

Quartermaster Thirteenth Kentucky, Burkesville, Ky.:

There is a rumor that Forrest has crossed the Cumberland. Keep scouts out as far as possible in the direction of Nashville, and inform me immediately should the enemy come you way. Should a force approach you destroy the pontoons and fall back.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NELSON, December 10, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The men left at Burkesville when I came away were convalescents and dismounted men. Lieutenant Bland telegraphs me this evening that your ordered him to keep scouts out toward Nashville. If he divides what men he has there he will lose them all. The pontoon is not worth the risk, and we have nothing to amount to anything outside of it to lose.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 10, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Smithland:

Will you please hand to Colonel Benteen, commanding brigade of cavalry, now on board transports bound for this place, the accompanying dispatch, and at the same time say to him that transports can ascend the Cumberland as far as Clarksville without danger. He will, however, await at Smithland the arrival of gun-boats to convoy him to Clarskville, where he will disembark his command and march to this place on the north bank of the river. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

NASHVILLE, December 10, 1864.

Colonel BENTLEEN,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Smithland:

Await at Smithland the arrival of gun-boats, which, Admiral Lee informs me, will be there to convoy your transports to Clarskville. As soon as they arrive you will at once proceed to Clarksville, where you will disembark and march on the north bank of the river to this place. Should you learn of the presence of any force of the enemy between the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers when you arrive at Clarksville, move your brigade against it and drive it off, unless you are satisfied he is too strong for you, in which case you will report the fact by telegraph to me at this place.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

