
NASHVILLE, TENN., December 11, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The position of the enemy appears the same to-day as yesterday. The weather continues very cold and the hills are covered with ice. As soon as we have a thaw, I will attack Hood. It is reported to me, from Clarksville, that the rebel General Lyon has crossed the Cumberland at Cumberland City, below Clarksville, with between 2,000 and 3,000 men and six pieces of artillery, and it is supposed he is moving on Bowling Green. I have sent two brigades of cavalry to intercept him. I have also received a dispatch form Major-General Rousseau, at Murfreesborough, dated 8th instant. He reports that Bate's division, of Cheatham's corps, threatened Murfreesborough on the 6th and 7th instant, and on the afternoon of the 7th Milroy, with six regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery, succeeded in getting on the enemy's flank and completely routed him, capturing two pieces of artillery and 207 prisoners, of whom 18 are officers. Our loss was 30 killed and 175 wounded. He does not report the enemy's killed and wounded. Just before Milroy attacked, a portion of the enemy's cavalry attached the town, but were soon driven off by a regiment of infantry and a section of artillery, sent against them from the fort. At the time of making the report everything was quiet, and no appearance of the enemy in any direction.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., December 11, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

If you delay attack longer the mortifying spectacle will be witnessed of a rebel army moving for the Ohio River, and you will be forced to act, accepting such weather as you find. Let there be no further delay. Hood cannot stand even a drawn battle so far from his supplies of ordnance stores. If he retreats and you follow, he must lose his material and much of his army. I am in hopes of receiving a dispatch from you to-day announcing that you have moved. Delay no longer for weather or re-enforcements.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 11, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Your dispatch of 4 p.m. this day is just received. I will obey the order as promptly as possible, however much I may regret it, as the attack will have to be made under every disadvantage. The whole country is covered with a perfect sheet of ice and sleet, and it is with difficulty the troops are able to move about on level ground. It was my intention to attack Hood as soon as the ice melted, and would have done so yesterday had it not been for the storm.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

