
NASHVILLE, December 11, 1864-4 p.m.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Clarksville:

Colonel Smith, of Clarksville, reports the capture by rebel General Lyon of two steamers, and the crossing of the river by his force on the captured boats. I have the honor to request whether you cannot send down the river and recapture the boats and destroy the enemy's force. If you can do so, I shall be much indebted to you, as it is very important service. The boats were captured at Cumberland City.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FLAG-SHIP CINCINNATI,

Clarksville, December 11, 1864-5 p.m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your telegram is just brought off by the cipher operator. It is probable, from the personal reports of the steam-boat captain and pilots, that three boats have been captured and destroyed by the enemy, and that General Lyon has crossed the river. I should immediately upon hearing of the enemy's operations have gone down the river to the point of crossing, but that it is below a shoal where there is not water enough for this vessel. Colonel Smith has sent me word that the rebels were coming into the lower part of this town, and since that he believes their movement is a feint. I expect two gun-boats and two transports with ammunition for Fitch up the river to-night or to-morrow, and am further disappointed at not being able to meet and convoy them.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

SAINT LOUIS, December 11, 1864-12.10 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The regiments mentioned by me are not a part of Colonel Benteen's troops. All I speak of are in addition to what had been ordered before I took command. General Halleck says not send any cavalry to you, only mounted. The infantry are scattered, but will commence to leave by rail to-morrow. How about cavalry? If this weather holds it will not be safe to send them by boat, and I fear Benteen will be closed in some point.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 11, 1864-2 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have had no unload 400 men and 300 horses, the last of Colonel Benteen's command, caught in ice, and send them by rail to Louisville, at which place please give them orders.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

