
December 10, 1864, is hereby assigned to duty with Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Brigadier General J. F. Knipe commanding.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 1.* Edgefield, Tenn., December 11, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow as follows:

1. The Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Hatch commanding, will move promptly at 8.30 a.m., leaving General Johnson's command, on the right, will cross the pontoon bridge, and, passing through Nashville, take the position previously indicated by the brevet major-general commanding.

2. The First Division, Brigadier-General Croxton commanding, will move promptly at 8.30 a.m. cross the railroad bridge, and, passing through Nashville, take position as previously indicated.

3. The Seventh Division, Brigadier-General Knipe commanding, will move in rear of the First Division, and, crossing the railroad bridge, will take a position which will be indicated.

4. The Sixth Division, Brigadier-General Johnson commanding, will commence crossing on the pontoon bridge after the Fifth Division, and, should the railroad bridge be vacant, use both bridges, pass through Nashville, and occupy a position on the right of the First Division, as previously indicated.

5. The ordnance train and ambulances will follow the troops and will be followed by the other wagons of the command.

6. Each man will be provided with three day's rations and one day's forage, to be carried on the horses.

7. Every man, mounted or dismounted, will cross.

By order of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, December 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General McCOOK:

You will proceed without delay to Bowling Green, concentrating Watkins' and La Grange's brigades, and move at once against the rebel cavalry under General Lyon. Lyon crossed the Cumberland yesterday below Clarksville, and is supposed to be moving toward Hopkinsville, Russellville, and Bowling Green; his force is estimated at 2,000 men. The greatest celerity is necessary. You may proceed direct by a special train, which Captain Carling, chief quartermaster, will have provided.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*So in original, but recorded in Wilson's book of "Special Field Orders" as No. 3.

---------------

