
at Bristol and beyond. From all I can learn there are not more than 100 of the enemy between the Holston and Clinch. Do not draw any supplies from Cumberland Gap if you can possibly avoid it. Enemy is on the road between Nashville and Chattanooga. Be sure and keep the telegraph line open from Cumberland Gap and Lexington, and look out for the enemy coming down the railroad from Lynchburg; the report is they are coming.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLINCH MOUNTAIN, December 1, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON:

Two brigades have crossed the Clinch to-day, and my third and last is crossing to-night. The river is very rapid and difficult, but we crossed the men and saddles on rafts, and swam the horses. The enemy skirmished with us at Clinch Mountain, but we forced the gap, and occupied Bean's Station this evening. Scouts reporte Breckinridge at Morristown with 3,000 infantry, and his cavalry at Mossy Creek; others say Breckinridge's infantry has gone to Bristol. We go in the morning to Bean's Station, and will reconnoiter toward Morristown. All well. Plenty of forage here. Command in fine condition, and all in the best of spirits.

JAMES S. BRISBIN,

Colonel.

STANFORD, December 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General McLEAN:

I have just returned from scouting the counties of Henry, Shelby Nelson, and Washington. Colonel Jessee has from 75 to 150 men; he is steadying horses to mount new recruits upon, and will doubtless endeavor to get through, either by way of Eastern Kentucky or via Burkesville or the Cumberland River.

J. H. BRIDGEWATER,

Captain State Troops.

MEMPHIS, TENN., December 1, 1864.

Colonel J. W. NOBLE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

It is reporte that there were 1,000 rebels at White's Station this afternoon; keep a sharp lookout in that direction.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 2, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The President feels solicitous about the disposition of General Thomas to lay in fortifications for an indefinite period "until Wilson gets equip-

