
to mount regiments complete by dismounting partially mounted regiments. You will make this change to-day, and report your action as soon as possible after the arrangements are completed, with the designation and the strength of the regiments in which changes have been made. A report is required from General Johnson to-night.

This by direction of Brigadier-General Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 11, 1864.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Tennessee, Murfreesborough:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your report* of 12 m. 8th instant, at the hands of your special messenger, just arrived. Your report has been read with a great deal of pleasure by the major-general commanding, and especially your very flattering testimonial to the good conduct and bravery of the new regiments embraced in your command. So gratifying, indeed, is your report concerning them, that it is the desire of the major-general commanding that you express to these troops and to all the troops in your command participating in operations about Murfreesborough his highest commendation and hearty thanks for their gallant conduct in so successfully and steadily repelling the attacks of the enemy and in finally driving him off. Having thus merited his confidence, he expresses the hope that they will acquit themselves as nobly in the future as in the past. You have a good supply of provisions in Murfreesborough, and the major-general commanding expects you to hold out against tall attacks of the enemy until you are relieved by the forces from this place.

Since the dispatches of the 4th and 5th instant (which doubtless you have received by this time), the situation at nashville is comparatively unchanged. Operations offensive have necessarily been deferred on account of the freezing weather we are having, a very difficult, if not altogether impracticable, matter to move troops. Reports received from deserters would indicate that Forrest, with three divisions of infantry, has been sent to operate against Murfreesborough, which, however, is not conclusive that such is the fact. They hope to effect a capture of the place (in which hope he trust you will fully be able to disappoint them), when thee proposition seems to be for Hood's army to fall back to M[urfreesborough] and go into winter quarters. The army here is in good account of themselves when the moment for action arrives.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITHLAND, December 11, 1864.

Captain JAMES GRAHAM, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, of the Seventh Missouri, who has just arrived at this post, states that the steamer Thomas E. Tutt was

---------------

*See Part I, p. 612.

---------------

