
CLARKSVILLE, December 11, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The trains that came in to-day have nog guard. Am I expected to furnish one? Have had no order. Lyon's advance has retired. He may attack in the morning; I feel confident that I can hod the place in he does.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel Eighty-third Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

RUSSELLVILLE, KY., December 11, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

General Lyon, with his brigade, crossed the Cumberland at mouth of Yellow Creek, day before yesterday, and occupied La Fayette yesterday, eighteen miles south of Hopkinsville.

S. F. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FAIRLEIGH, or COMMANDING OFFICER,

Louisville, Ky.:

Send by rail to Bowling Green, as rapidly as possible, all troops arriving at Louisville destined for this place. The rebel General Lyon has crossed the Cumberland below Clarksville, with the intention, it is said, of destroying the Green River railroad bridge, if ha can. The troops are expected to defend the bridge.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PADUCAH, December 11, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

GENERAL: I have the honor or report the result of the reconnaissance of the gun-boat Peosta up the Tennessee River. They report that General Lyon crossed at Danville bridge at 4 p. m. the 9th instant, 2,000 strong, with two pieces of artillery. I received information from another source that four pieces of artillery were crossed above. Gunboat brought down four barges that have been used crossing the enemies' troops; two of them were barges not destroyed at Johnsonville, which had been cut down for the purpose. There are 1,000 men, with four pieces of artillery, in camp near the Danville crossing building boats. Just received information from Colonel Forbes, commanding Fort Donelson, that the enemy have captured the Thomas E. Tutt at Cumberland City, with 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 lieutenants, and 23 privates on board, and has just captured another, name not known, and two barges. From information that I considers reliable Lyon intends moving on Green River bridge.

Very respectfully,

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

