
SPRINGFIELD, TENN., December 12, 1864.

General MCCOOK, Bowling Green:

The following dispatch has just been received from Nashville:

Your telegram received. The major-general commanding directs that you make the best defense you can at Springfield and communicate with General McCook, who is at Bowling Green, who will move at once to intercept General Lyon. He directs that you will hold Springfield to the last. No re-enforcements can be sent from here. Do not fail to communicate with General McCook.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster.

It is reported here that General Lyon has crossed the Cumberland River above Clarksville, and has burned the water-tanks and destroyed the trestle work at Hampton's Station, on the Memphis branch, two miles west of the State line. His force is variously estimated from 2,000 to 5,000. The telegraph operators have all been ordered in between here and the State line, and we have nothing later than 4 p. m. to-day.

T. J. DOWNEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Donleson, Tenn., December 12, 1864.

(Via Clarksville 13th.)

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: A force of rebels numbering about 4,000 mounted men, with nine pieces of artillery, commanded by Brigadier-General Lyon, C. S. Army, crossed Cumberland River at Cumberland City, on the 10th and 11th instant. While crossing they captured and burned three transports and several barges, and several prisoners, including Lieutenant-Colonel Buchana, Seventh Missouri Infantry, all of whom they paroled. Messengers with the intelligence have been sent to Hopkinsville, Ky., and Clarksville, Tenn. Ten one sent ot Hopkinsville has returned, having gone and returned safely. Their movements indicate that they will attempt the capture of Hopkinsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FORBES,

Colonel, Commanding.

BOWLING GREEN, December 12, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT, Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

Lyon reported occupied La Fayette, Christian County, day before yesterday. No definite information as to his movements. Scouts will be sent from Russellville this afternoon, and I will send you first information received. I will stop Watkins at Franklin, and march there with La Grange, if I learn the enemy are coming in that direction, through Middletown or Russellville.

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, December 12, 1864.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Brigadier-General MCCOOK:

Your dispatch of to-day is received. General Donaldson has just received a dispatch from Springfield, saying, "Lyon is in the vicinity

11 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

