
Fry be permanently relieved and Colonel Carpenter appointed. The report of Captain Saunders, acting assistant inspector-general, shows a condition of affairs there that demands an immediate change. General Thomas left this morning for Louisville. He will, if possible, stay in the State until you return. Guerrillas are becoming very bold, and I fear may do serious injury if the command remains absent much longer. I know nothing officially of Forrest's movements, and hear nothing further of Lyon. All well.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISA, KY., December 12, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My forces have been in quiet possession of Paintville and Salyersville. UP to last returns my scouts were in Butt [Knott County] and near Pound Gap. No indications of force entering in the State from that direction. Prentice did come in with about 300 men, but has not come down.

G. W. GALLUP, Colonel, &amp;c.

MOUNT STERLING, December 12, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We sent a scout toward the mountains Saturday morning, with orders to go until the position of the enemy could be ascertained. The scout consisted of a lieutenant of fifteen men, the largest we could send. They will go toward Jackson.

JOHN J. SEWELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Post Adjutant.

NASHVILLE, December 12, 1864.

(Received 13th.)

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,

Paducah:

If you a re satisfied of the correctness of the report of 1,000 rebels being at Danville bridge, on the Tennessee River, constructing boats, I desire you to send a sufficient force against them to drive them off, and destroy their work and means of crossing the river, if possible. Answer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, December 12, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,

Paducah, Ky.:

Send the battalion Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry as soon as practicable, by boat, to Westport, on the Ohio River, with orders to disembark at that point and move thence at once to La Grange, on the Louisville and Lexington

