
attempt to inflict. With regard to the efforts of individuals or small parties to burn and plunder, I feel less at ease. The closing of the river between you and them will afford these miscreants unusual facilities for carrying their designs into execution and it is for this reason I require the services of the regiment you are raising for home service as early as practicable. Will you have the goodness to inform me what portion of the regiment you have for my disposal at this time and the probable time the whole regiment will be in readiness for service? Of the portion of the border intrusted to my command it is unnecessary for me to assure you that your State is the most exposed and hence it is I desire to have it most efficiently guarded as early as practicable. Please furnish me with this information at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 13, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 8 a. m. 14th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

There is no change in the enemy's position in my front to-day. At length there are indications of a favorable change in the weather, and as soon as there is I shall move against the enemy, as everything is ready and prepared to assume the offensive. I have heard from Clarksville to-day, the wires being in working order to that place. Two gun-boats and a transport had arrived there from below, and report that the rebel General Lyon's means of recrossing the Cumberland were destroyed. I have ample force in pursuit of him to effectually destroy him, and I have no apprehension about the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. The Cumberland River is constantly patrolled as high up as Carthage, and there is no evidence of the presence of the enemy in that direction. I am in hopes of a sufficient rise in the river to enable me to use the gunboats in reopening the Cumberland as far as Nashville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, December 13, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The commanding officer of gun-boat Peosta, stationed at Paducah, telegraphs, under date of 11th, 6 p. m., that he had just been ninety-three miles up the Tennessee River, where he learned that General Lyon had crossed on the evening of the 8th with 2,000 cavalry and two pieces of artillery, marching for Clarksville. the Peosta towed to Paducah two large barges and two boats in which the rebels crossed the Tennessee River. I hear there were two heavy barges left at Johnsonville after the affair of November 4. I infer that the presence of this vessel diverted the rebels from making an attack on the transports here, and induced them to take up a position below bars, which we could not cross at the present stage of water. I have no intelligence from my gun-boats, which are due here to-day.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Mississippi Squadron.

