
as the river is now so low that I cannot move but one of the heavy boats, and I will have to drop her down below Robinson's Island by hand; that is, by lines, which will be slaw work; it is so bad there that I cannot rust to steam to take her through. If there is a change in the weather, so that the men can move on the monitor to handle her, I will commence moving in the morning early.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LE ROY FITCH,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Tenth District, Miss. Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Commander LE ROY FITCH,

Commanding Tenth District, Mississippi Squadron:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, and in reply I am instructed to say that should there really be a change of weather and a rise in the river results sufficient to enable you to move your fleet with facility, it is the desire of the major-general commanding to have you co-operate in any move which may take place against the enemy, by engaging the batteries on the river below the city, and thus attracting their attention while the troops are in motion against the enemy's position. The major-general commanding returns his thanks for your cordial co-operation heretofore, as well as for the tender of your services in future movements, of which timely notice will be given you. The major-general commanding will be much indebted to you if you will have the river above the city as far up as Carthage, if you can get up as far, patrolled by one or two boats of your fleet constantly, in order that any movement on the part of the enemy in that direction may be instantly detected.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERTH H. RAMSE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER MOOSE,

Below Nashville, December 13, 1864.

Captain ROBERT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date. I will have a patrol of the river kept up above, as requested, and do all in my power to fill all the wishes the general commanding may designate. I sincerely hope that we may before this time to-morrow be cheered by better prospects as to weather and water. If the weather and water will permit I will surely give the rebel batteries below sufficient amusement to keep them occupied, and at the same time try to induce them to bring as many guns on the river as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LE ROY FITCH,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Tenth District, Miss. Squadron.

