
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., December 13, 1864.

Hereafter corps commanders will use the necessary means of keeping both officers and men in camp at night, and all other times, except when required by military reasons to be absent. The liability of a movement at any moment against the enemy requires that every man should be constantly at this post.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,December 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

No change in my front this morning.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 22. Nashville, Tenn., December 13, 1864.

Major W. F. Goodspeed, First Ohio Light Artillery, having been ordered to report to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to temporary duty as chief of artillery Fourth Army Corps. He will be respected accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General Wood:

WH. M. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 13, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: In reply to the commanding general's note of last evening, I have the honor to report that the enemy's principal line of works on the Nolensville pike is held by them this morning with apparently the usual force, though I think a smaller and more advanced work (near the old line of trenches dug by General Steedman's command) is held only by picket reserves. Their picket-line is not so far advanced as it was in our front three days ago, and our own line has resumed the position originally taken by it when we came into position here. The smoke of camp-fires appears extended farther to our left, indicating the extension of the enemy's line in that direction, though refused. The impression is strong amongst all my officers who watched their operations yesterday that some considerable movement was made by them toward their right and rear, but I have not myself been able to reach a definite conclusion on the subject. Everything is quiet on the line this morning, and no appearance of any movement in the enemy's camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

