
River, and watch all the crossings between Gallatin and this place. There are indications of movements of the enemy in some force in that direction. You will do all in your power to keep me informed of everything of importance. If practicable, get scouts to Spring Hill, Green Hill, and Lebanon.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NASHVILLE, December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. MCCOOK,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

Lyon seems to have avoided Springfield, and is probable making for Hopkinsville or Russellville. Send out scouts to ascertain his whereabouts and movements, and move against him wherever found.

By command of General Thomas:

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOWLING GREEN, December 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Nashville:

La Grange moving to Franklin to join Watkins. I will be there this afternoon. Colonel Johnson telegraphs from Russellville 1,200 rebels entered Hopkinsville at 3 o'clock yesterday. I move in accordance with your dispatch, taking for granted that Lyon's main force is moving on Springfield; I will march from Franklin there. Is this right? Colonel Downey furnishes no information from Springfield, except that it was reported Lyon had crossed and burned water-tanks near State line. It seems impossible to get accurate information from these posts, Franklin is a better point than this to move in any direction.

E. M. MCCOOK.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General MCCOOK,

Franklin, Ky.:

Lyon was at or near Hopkinsville yesterday conscripting and roaming about the country. If you can get in upon him while in this condition you will be able to break him up entirely. Have ordered a party from Croxton's brigade after the horses at Franklin.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

BOWLING GREEN, December 13, 1864-10 a. m.

General L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Franklin:

Remain in Franklin until I come this afternoon. la Grange is marching down to meet you there.

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

