
1,200, if that strong. They burned the trestle-work on the Memphis branch road ten miles this side of Carksville. They were at Hopkinsville last night. I have 400 mounted men here ready to move at once. If another regiment could be sent to co-operate with us, and move from this point on the enemy, I think the command could be broken up. I will wait to hear from you.

Your obedient servant,

S. F. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-second Kentucky Vols., Commanding.

FRANKLIN, KY., December 13, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Colonel JOHNSON:

I will start a brigade to Russellville at daylight in the morning. Keep your scouts out and gain definite information as to the movements of the enemy, so that no time may be lost in pursuit. Let your scouting parties follow him so closely that no mistake may be made as to the direction he marches in; I don't want to march my troops on a false trail. If you gain any information you think of importance enough to communicate to me here, send it through to-night, and let the messenger impress my horses he may find to carry it. I will leave here to join you in the morning, unless something happens that requires me to go some place else.

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-You must not let them drive you, if you can possible help it, as I will get there as soon as possible.

RUSSELLVILLE, December 13, 1864.

(Received 3.50 p. m.)

General E. M. MCCOOK,

Franklin, Ky.:

We have developed the rebels' strength at Hopkinsville; drove in their pickets. Had one man killed. Killed and wounded several. They were in the town 1,500 strong this morning. They are conscripting every able-bodied man.

S. F. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-second Kentucky, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Louisville, December 13, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: For the information of the general commanding the corps, I hereby respectfully report the condition of the division: The Second Brigade are all mounted except the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, who will draw their horses to-day. Thee will then probably remain in the quartermaster' corral ready for issue enough horses to mount one regiment of Colonel Miller's brigade, which regiment's requisition

