
will be approved to-day, and they will draw their horses to-morrow. I have received 1,130 horses from the impressment in Louisville and vicinity, out of which about 100 will be rejected by the inspectors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

NASHVILLE, December 13, 1864.

Colonel A. A. SMITH,

Clarksville:

What news have you of Lyon's movements?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, December 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding:

I sent 200 men on train last night to see damage to railroad and telegraph. They found forty feet trestle burned ten miles from here. They repaired wire to State line. Report Lyon at or near Hopkinsville with detachment of his command, roaming around country, conscripting, &amp;c. Sent guard to-day with men to repair bridge. Also sent transport down river with guard to look after battery; have just returned. Report they met two gun-boats and one transport coming up; think river is clear. Gun-boats have not arrived. Will report further.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 13, 1864.

Colonel T. J. DOWNEY,

Springfield:

What further news have you of the rebel General Lyon's movements? What is the strength of your command? You must resist all attacks, and defend the place to the last, if attacked.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, December 13, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your dispatch of this date is received and in reply I have the honor to state that nothing further is known of the rebel General Lyon's movements, the operators between here and State line having left for Nashville. Word from Clarksville that the burning of the trestle at Hampton's Station is confirmed. We have 400 effective force at this place, with one section of artillery, and 650 including what we have along the line between Red River and Edgefield Junction. We will hold this place at all hazards until further orders. I have communicated to General McCook, at Bowling Green.

Respectfully,

T. J. DOWNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

72 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

