
LEXINGTON, December 13, 1864.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, Louisville, Ky.:

General Burbridge advanced toward Rogersville yesterday; General Stoneman had joined him.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PADUCAH KY., December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to your telegram of this date,* I have the honor to state that I have not a sufficient force in my command to assume the offensive and drive the enemy from Danville bridge, on the Tennessee River. My command at Paducah consists of Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers, 16 officers and 465 men; Eighth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, 26 officers and 954 men; Seventh Tennessee, and Third Illinois Cavalry, 171 men. After furnishing the requisite details I have about 900 men left. My force at Columbus, Ky., consists of Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, 22 officers and 635 men, which force is wholly inadequate for the defense of this district. Had I a sufficient as I am at present, it is impossible for me to me to move from any of my posts, my force being so small. I am perfectly satisfied that the report of 1,000 men being at Danville bridge constructing boats was correct at the time reported. I will start a gun-boat immediately up the river on a reconnaissance and will report the result. I will make application to Major-General Dodge for re-enforcements, and if I can obtain them will assume the offensive at once.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY., December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have not 900 effective men in my district after making the requisite details. I telegraphed to Major-General Dodge for more troops. He has one to give me; he has forwarded them to Nashville. He states that Colonel Benteen's cavalry brigade is now at Cairo and four regiments of infantry. If you telegraph orders to me to stop a sufficient force, I will take the field in person and attack Lyon in the rear. Please answer.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, December 13, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH, Paducah:

You can make use of the four infantry regiments now at Cairo en reute to Nashville for the expedition to Danville bridge, after which they will return to Paducah and come to this place by the first opportunity.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*See 12th (received 13th), p. 166.

---------------

