
I hope it will do in two or three days. We can neither get re-enforcements or equipments at this great distance from the North very easily; and it must be remembered that my command was made up of the two weakest corps of General Sherman's army and all the dismounted cavalry except one brigade, and the task of reorganizing and equipping has met with many delayers, which have enabled Hood to take advantage of my crippled condition. I earnestly hope, however, that in a few more day I shall be able to give him a fight.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 2, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have succeeded in concentrating a force of infantry about equal to that of the enemy's, and as soon as I can get the remaining brigade of General McCook's division of cavalry here I will move against the enemy, although my cavalry force will not be moe than half of that of the enemy. I have labored under many disadvantages since assuming the direction of affairs here, not the least of which was the reorganizing, remounting, and equipping of a cavalry force sufficient to contend with Forrest. The signal officers and reconnoitering parties report this afternoon that the enemy are moving to our right and going into position southwest of the city, or below. That would be by far the most advantageous position he could take for us, as his line of communication would be more exposed with him in that position than in any other. The iron-clads and gun-boats are so disposed as to prevent Hood from crossing the river, and Captain Fitch assures me that he can safely convoy steamers up and down the river. I have also taken measures to have the river patrolled as high up as Carthage.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 1 [2?], 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

You are authorized to seize and impress horses and every other species of property needed for the military service in your command. You should not hesitate an hour about exercising this power at Nashville and Louisville, and wherever property can be had. Horses and equipments enough for Wilson might thus be procured immediately. Receipts may be given from the property by the seizing officer, designating the property and its value.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MOUND CITY, ILL., December 2, 1864.

(Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Your confidential telegram of 1st received to-day, this afternoon. I will do as you wish as soon as the iron-clad is repaired, which will take

