
BOWLING GREEN, KY., December 13, 1864.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

Colonel Johnson, at Russellville says the rebels are advancing on that place. They are at Elkton, 1,500 or 2,000 strong. His men are now fighting with the enemy's advance. He calls upon me for re-enforcements of men and artillery. I have none. What shall I do? I have ordered him to hold the place as long as he can, and communicate with General McCook, at Franklin, Ky., who has 2,500 cavalry and a battery. Give me instructions at once.

S. P. LOVE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 13, 1864.

Colonel S. P. LOVE,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

If Johnson can hold out until re-enforced by McCook, let him do so; if in danger of capture, however,let him fall back on Bowling Green.

By command of Brigadier General Hugh Ewing:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 14, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

It has been seriously apprehended that while Hood, with a part of his forces, held you in check near Nashville, he would have time to operate against other important points left only partially protected. Hence, General Grant was anxious that you should attack the rebel force in your front, and expressed great dissatisfaction that his orders had not been carried out. Moreover, so long as Hood occupies a threatening position in Tennessee, General Canby is obliged to keep large force upon the Mississippi River, to protect its navigation and to hold Memphis, Vicksburg, &amp;c., although General Grant had directed a part of these forces to co-operate with General Sherman. Every day's delay on your part, therefore, seriously interferes with General Grant's plans.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 14, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 12.30 p. m. to-day is received. The ice having melted away to-day, the enemy will be attacked to-morrow morning. Much as I regret the apparent delay in attacking the enemy, it could not have been done before with any reasonable hope of success.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

