
transports remain there until Lyon is disposed of and the river is safe. I shall be obliged to you if you will continue to have the river constantly patrolled and report to me any movements discovered.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Commander LE ROY FITCH,

Commanding Tenth District, Mississippi Squadron:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to inform you that the enemy will be attacked at an early hour in the morning. If you can drop down the river and engage their batteries on the river-bank, it will be excellent to-co-operation, for which the major-general commanding will be much obliged. It is very probable that these river batteries of the enemy will be attacked in rear by our forces, and it is very desirable and necessary that you fire does not injure the attacking force, and to this end it is advisable you should be informed of the proposed attack.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 14, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

We have been blocked here three days be ice. Hope to get over to-day, and have directed three regiments of infantry ordered to you to go to Paducah.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, December 14, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of 2 p. m. this day is received. Hope you will be able to get the three regiments of infantry off soon for Paducah.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, December 14, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Is there any means by which I can get a detachment of the Signal Corps to Murfreesborough from La Vergne? I can communicate with the state-house in Nashville, if it is possible to get there.

Respectfully,

J. L. HOLLOPEETER,

First Lieutenant, Acting Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the Cumberland.

