
upon the enemy the moment a favorable opportunity occurs. Major-General Wilson will also send one division on the Charlotte pike to clear that road of the enemy and observe in the direction of Bell's Landing, to protect our right rear until the enemy's position if fairly turned, when it will join the main force.

Third. Brigadier General Th. J. Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps, after leaving a strong skirmish line in his works from Laurens' Hill to his extreme right, will form the remainder of the Fourth Corps on the Hillsborough pike to support General Smith's left and operate on the left and rear of the enemy's advanced position on the Montgomery Hill.

Fourth. Major General John M. Schofield, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, will replace Brigadier-General Kimball's division, of the Fourth Corps, with his troops, and occupy the trenches from Fort Negley to laurens' Hill with a strong skirmish line. He will mass the remainder of his force in front of the works and co-operate with General Wood, protecting the latter's left flank against an attack by the enemy.

Fifth Major General James B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, will occupy the interior line in rear of his present position, stretching from the reservoir on the Cumberland River to Fort Negley, with a strong skirmish line, and mass the remainder or his force in his present position, to act according to the exigencies of the service during these operations.

Sixth. Brigadier General J. F. Miller, with the troops forming the garrison of Nashville, will occupy the interior line from the battery on Hill 210 to the extreme right, including the inclosed work on the Hyde's Ferry road.

Seventh. The quartermaster's troops, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General J. L. Donaldson, will, if necessary, be posted on the interior line from Fort Morton to the battery on Hill 210.

The troops occupying the interior line will be under the direction of Major-General Steedman, who is charged with the immediate defense of Nashville during the operations around the city.

Should the weather permit the troops will be formed in time to commence operations at 6 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Nashville, Tenn., December 15 [14?], 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A close examination and study of the enemy's position in front of the Fourth Corps during the past two days has led me to the conclusion that his line is continuous to the point we observed the day before yesterday in front of the hills near to General Smith's left. This opinion is sustained by Colonel Opdycke, who has spent much time under my orders in studying the enemy's front. If my conclusion in this respect be correct, I respectfully submit that it may be necessary to make some modifications of our palms wiht regard to the proposed attack on the enemy's lines; and with a view to a more full understanding of the necessary modifications, I would most respectfully suggest

