
that a meeting of Generals Schofield, Smith, Wilson, and myself be ordered at your headquarters at such time as may suit your convenience. I make this suggestion at the instance of Generals Schofield and Smith, both of whom came to see me to-day. When we strike we must win.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant and friend,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,December 14, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you make your preparations for a move as per previous arrangements. It is the desire of the major-general commanding to see you at his room this afternoon at 3 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Wood, Smith, Steedman, and Wilson.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1864.

Orders of the day for Fourth Army Corps for to-morrow, December 415, 1864:

I. Reveille will be sounded at 4 a. m. The troops will et their breakfast, break up their camps, pack up everything, and be prepared to move at 6 a. m.

II. Brigadier-General Elliott, commanding Second Division, will move out by his right, taking the small road which passes by the right of his present position, form in echelon with General A. J. Smith's left, slightly refusing his own left, and, maintaining this relative position to General Smith's troops, will advance with them. When he moved out he will leave a strong line of skirmishers in his solid works.

III. Brigadier-General Kimball, commanding First Division, on being relieved by General Steedman, will move his division to the Hillsborough pike, inside of our lines, and by it through the lines, and form in echelon to General Elliott's left, slightly refusing his own left. He will maintain this position and advance with General Elliott.

IV. As soon as General Kimball's division has passed out of the works by the Harrisborough pike, General Beatty, commanding Ghird Division, will take up the movement, drawing out by his left, and will form in echelon to General Kimball's left. He will maintain this position and advance with General Kimball. He will also leave a strong line of skirmishers behind the solid works along his present position.

V. The pickets on post, being strengthened when in the judgment of division commanders it becomes necessary, will advance as a line of skirmishers to cover the movement. The formation of the troops will be in two-lines the first line deployed, the second line in close column by divisions, massed opposite the intervals in the front line. Each division

