
commander will, so far as possible, hold one brigade in reserve. Five wagon-loads of ammunition, ten ambulances, and the wagons loaded with entrenching tools, will, as nearly as possible, follow immediately after each division; all remaining ammunition wagons, ambulances, and all other wagons, will remain inside of our present lines until further orders. One rifle battery will accompany the Second Division, and one battery of light 12-pounders will accompany each of the remaining divisions. The rest of the artillery of the corps will maintain its present position in the lines.

By command of Brigadier-General Wood:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,December 14, 1864.

Captain R. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will be ready to move as directed by the major-general commanding, and will call at the headquarters at 3 p. m.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1864.

Lieutenant A. W. BEIGHLE,

Ambulance Corps:

LIEUTENANT: The command is ordered to move in the morning at 6 o'clock, and all trains are ordered to be parked until further orders in the vicinity of the Hillsborough pike, but the ambulances and ordnance trains will be parked so that they can move out first. Care will be taken not to obstruct the road from left to right, as General Steedman's command will be moving in that direction about daylight.

By command of Brigadier-General Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Numbers 141. Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1864.

* * * *

IV. All the tents will be struck and troops of this command be moved back from the trenches far enough to cover them from the enemy's view by 6 a. m. to-morrow. Brigade commanders will select positions for thus massing their troops with a view of moving them under cover to the right of the Fourth Corps, but will make no further movement until further orders. The picket-line will be relieved and new picket-line established as usual. The artillery will be parked to the right and rear of Fort Morton by the hour above named. Baggage wagons will be parked, under the direction of the division quartermaster, in the vicinity of the Hillsborough pike and await further orders.

