
Ambulance and ordnance trains will part in the same vicinity, but be prepared to take the road first. Care will taken not to obstruct the passage from left to right, as troops of General Steedman's command will be moving in that direction at or before daylight through the troops of this command, to relieve a portion of the Fourth Corps.

This order does not affect the One hundred and seventh-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which will remain in the fort, as now.

V. Colonel C. C. Doolittle, chief of staff, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, during the temporary absence of Brigadier-General Reilly.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,December 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff Department of the Cumberland:

Everything unchanged in my front. The rebels opened a battery, in my front, of two guns, on a foraging party of hay, in front of my center, yesterday afternoon, but did no damage. They seem to be in more force on my right, but no material change.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,December 14, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

I will see you at 3 p. m., as desired, and will then answer you questions.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. MCARTHUR,

Commanding First Division:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he wishes the man to be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks to-night (to include the 17th instant). In moving out to-morrow the ambulances and artillery only will move with the command. Camp and garrison equipage and baggage will be packed up and loaded ready to move when sent for. The command must be in readiness to move at 6 a. m. The men will be waked up at 4 a. m. to-morrow morning without reveille, and reveille will be beaten in each regiment at camp at 5 a. m.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Garrard and Moore.)

