
with the infantry of Major-General Smith. As soon as the rebel advance position is carried by General Smith, and its own front cleared of the enemy, it wills wing to the left, endeavoring to envelope and take in reverse the enemy's left flank.

II. Croxton's brigade, of the First Division, will debouch near the Hardin pike by the dirt road between that and the Charlotte pike, and will move with his left flank connecting with Fifth Division and his right following the line of ridge between the Charlotte and Hardin pikes. After clearing the Hardin pike of any enemy that may be upon it, and crossing Richland Creek, it will conform in its movements to that of the Fifth Division.

III. the Sixth Division, Brigadier-General Johnson commanding, will move by the Charlotte pike, and clear that road of the enemy, pushing as far as Davidson's house, covering the right and rear of the entire movement from the enemy's left, communication being kept up with General Croxton by patrols or skirmishers, as may be found most convenient. The guns of the enemy on the river at Bell's Landing and the forces with them should be captured.

IV. The Seventh Division, Brigadier-General Knipe commanding, will be held in reserve between the Charlotte and hardin pikes, ready to move in any direction that the exigencies of the action may demand. It will not debouch from the fortifications till they have been cleared and the success of the general movement determined.

V. The object of the entire operations of the cavalry is to clear the enemy from its immediate front, cover the right of the infantry, envelope the enemy's left flank, and, if possible, reach the Franklin pike somewhere in the vicinity of Brentwood. The greatest celerity of movement is therefore necessary. No shells will accompany the troops except the artillery. As much forage should be carried on the horses as practicable and three days' rations for the men.

VI. The supply trains will move with the general trains of the army.

VII. Corps headquarters will be on the Hardin pike until the success of the movement is fully known, after which they will be with the Fifth Division.

By order of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 8. Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1864.

Until further orders the following-named officers will constitute the staff of the brevet major-general commanding; they will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general, acting chief of staff; Major E. B. Beaumont, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. M. Young, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, provost-marshal; Major Francis Salter, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Major William F. Cady, U. S. Volunteers, medical inspector; Captain Levi T. Griffin, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. N. Andrews, aide-de-camp; Captain W. W. Van Antwerp, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Captain M. M. Pool, acting aide-de-camp; Captain E. B. Carling, chief quartermaster; Captain J. C. Read, commissary of subsistence; Captain L. M. Hose, Sixteenth

