
BOWLING GREEN, December 14, 1864.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

Colonel Johnson reports all quiet at Russellville. Rebel's main force at Fairview, Christian County, Ky. Citizens report that Lyon is conscripting all the men he can get and taking all the horses and supplies that he can find.

S. P. LOVE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

LOUISVILLE, December 14, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

SIR: In accordance with instructions of Special Orders, Numbers 343,* headquarters Department of the Missouri, signed Major-General Dodge, I have the honor to report my command, the Forty-seventh Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, 226 strong, but 78 of which are armed, at this post, subject to your instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BONHAM,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

NASHVILLE, December 14, 1864-8 p. m.

First Lieutenant EDWARD BONHAM,

Commanding Forty-seventh Regiment Illinois Vols., Louisville, Ky.:

Report your command to General Ewing, at Louisville, for temporary assignment to duty at Bowling Green, for the protection of the bridge. Draw arms for the unarmed portion of the regiment at Louisville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 15, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 11.25 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I attacked the enemy's left this morning and drove it from the river, below the city, very nearly to the Franklin pike, a distance about eight miles. Have captured General Chalmers' headquarters and train, and a second train of about 20 wagons, with between 800 and 1,000 prisoners and 16 pieces of artillery. The troops behaved splendidly, all taking their share in assaulting and carrying the enemy's breast-works. I shall attack the enemy again to-morrow, if he retreats during the night, will pursue him, throwing a heavy cavalry force in his rear, to destroy his trains, if possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 830.

---------------

