HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, December 15, 1864-2.05 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

If you are able to strike the Hillsborough pike, six or seven miles from the city, you will be able to turn the enemy's left completely, and, to insure that as much as possible, I have directed General Schofield to put his corps on the right of General Smith's command. Wood connects with General Smith's left, and still has a considerable force in reserve. If the Hillsborough pike can be opened, we can strike the enemy a severe blow. I am very much gratified with the success all along the line. Push as far as you can, and get possession of the Hillsborough pike, if possible, but do not run the risk of an attack in flank in the morning.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

I can see a large wagon train of the enemy's moving to their right. If you can get possession of it at Brentwood to-morrow you will do a good thing.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

BRAGG SIGNAL STATION, December 15, 1864.

General WILSON:

The infantry is driving the rebels on the left. If you need infantry I can send some. Wood has possession of the Montgomery house. I believe Johnson has carried the battery on the Charlotte pike; I have seen troops leaving there.

THOMAS.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Compton's House, December 15, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you, for the information of the major-general commanding, that General Hatch has just reported that he captured to-day 2 redoubts and 13 guns and 300 or 400 prisoners. He also reports that he compelled the enemy to abandon a large number of small-arms, which are now lying on the ground. He also captured about 40 wagons, principally ammunition wagons, and about 80 beef-cattle. General Hatch says the enemy were very much demoralized, and that he drove them from the large hill they occupied when the major-general commanding left the ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

