HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION, Memphis, Tenn., December 15, 1864.

Lieutenant NOYES,Second U. S. Cavalry, Nashville, Tenn.:

LIEUTENANT: I had expected to see you before this, but circumstances over which I had no control have detained here this detachment of my command. The day on which Major-General Dana arrived here I procured, after much solicitation, an order from Major-General Washburn for the embarkation of my troops. General Dana, arriving in the evening (7th), countermanded the order. Upon my representing the condition of the command, he said we might embark; meantime one regiment would have been in Cairo. On the 8th Major-General Dana said he would telegraph General Halleck, Chief of Staff, that he could not execute orders just received from him, unless the detachments of my command in Missouri were sent here. As he then had his dispatch ready I asked to be allowed to go to Cairo and there see the other portion of my troops, while I would thus be able to learn early what the final disposition would be. General Halleck directed troops in Missouri to proceed to Nashville. I then came here to urge the immediate shipment of these parts of regiments. Major-General Dana will not allow them to leave until after the return of an expedition to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, in which we are to take part. I do not know by what authority we are kept, but do know that my whole command is suffering very much by this long-continued separation. I sincerely hope Major-General Wilson will cause this portion to be brought to Nashville at once. I am powerless here, or anywhere, in this matter; but had my efforts here been properly seconded by Brigadier-General Grierson, I am perfectly confident that we should now be in Nashville. I am not complaining of General Grierson, or of any one, but I do not hesitate to say that if the affairs and condition of my command could be seen by others as by myself, there would have been a different result. Lieutenant-Colonel Beuteen has met with a very serious accident on the Maria, and I'm afraid some of his command will be delayed by the ice in Mississippi River. I do not know the cause of his delay, not having had any communication from him since the 3rd instant. I write this communication as a private one, but hold myself ready to be called upon for sustaining every sentence. Will you please have this delay of my command properly understood? Of course I am debarred from any communication direct with Major-General Wilson.

Very truly, yours,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

P. S.-I take about 1,000 men on the contemplated expedition.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, In the Field, December 15, 1864-4.30 o'clock.

Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have taken three more brass rifled guns and four wagons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Division.

