
DECEMBER 15, 1864-2.15 p. m.

General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

At Widow Bass', one mile from Davidson's. Rebs seem to have turned to left at Davidson's. Will leave pike at that point if rebs have all gone in that direction.

Respectfully,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

DECEMBER 15, 1864-3.15 p. m.

[General WILSON:]

GENERAL: Dispatch received. We are safe from any attack from our right or near. My right rests on the river. The rebs have chosen a good position, which was charged by the Seventh Ohio, which met with some loss and accomplished nothing. We have two rebel guns in a pocket, and hope to secure them. My only concern is with reference to my left. Croxton does not keep up. I will push everything, and hope to come up to your expectation.

Respectfully,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, December 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON,Commanding Sixth Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received. General Hatch has also met a portion of Chalmers' command, and captured his headquarters train and some prisoners. Push the enemy as vigorously as possible. Everything is going on handsomely on the left. The very moment you have reached Davidson's house and cleared the country, swing in with you mounted brigade, and as much of the dismounted brigade as possible, toward Brentwood. General Knipe will be placed on Hatch's right, and a strong effort be made for the Hillsborough and Franklin pike, so as to take the enemy in rear, if possible. I have just had a note from General Thomas expressive of great satisfaction of the result so far. General Wood has carried the Montgomery house intrenchments, and still has men in reserve. Communicate with me frequently any information of importance you may obtain, particularly with reference to whatever may indicate a movement against our right and rear. All we want is to feel safe, and then we will push ahead.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Compton's House, December 15, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Sixth Division:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that General Hatch captured to-day 2 redoubts, 13 guns, 300 prisoners, 40 wagons, 80 beef-cattle,

