
and a large amount of small-arms. The Fifth and Seventh Divisions will move at 3 a. m. to-morrow on Franklin by the Hillsborough pike. Chalmers' division and Ector's brigade of infantry are in your vicinity, and the brevet major-general commanding desires you, in conjunction with General Croxton, to attack him early in the morning, say 3 or 4 o'clock, and drive him across the Harpeth River, protecting our right and covering the city. The general desires you to push the enemy with the utmost vigor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., December 15, 1864.

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a prisoner taken by my command states that General Cheatham has moved to the left, his left resting about half a mile from the junction of this road and the Granny White pike, and further, that their wagon trains are passing back on the Franklin pike.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General.

(Forwarded to Major-General Thomas.)

GALLATIN, December 15, 1864-4 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding:

Lieutenant-Colonel Ball, whom I sent with re-enforcements to the tunnel, reports that Captain Buck went out and drove off the rebels, who appear not to have been so numerous as first supposed. They did but little damage, beyond breaking the telegraph and burning a pile of cordwood. I don't think they are Lyon's men. A Captain Rickman, of Forrest's command, has had for the past two or three weeks some forty or fifty soldiers scattered about through the country north of here, who occasionally get together and make a dash at the road or at a drove of cattle or horses. I think they are the men who made the attack last night. Colonel Ball says that trains can run in the morning.

JAMES GILFILLAN,

Colonel Eleventh Minnesota Infantry.

GALLATIN, December 15, 1864.

Captain HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent the cavalry back to their original positions this morning.

JAMES GILFILLAN,

Colonel Eleventh Minnesota Infantry.

