
PADUCAH, KY., December 15, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: The steamer Naugatuck, just arrived at Smithland, reports being fired into by artillery and musketry twelve miles this side of Eddyville. Lyon has captured Princeton, Ky., and Eddyville, and commands the river at Kelly's crossing with eight pieces of artillery. I have telegraphed to General Dodge, at Saint Louis, and he has no force to assist me. I have also telegraphed to General Thomas, at Nashville. General Dodge has sent his troops to Nashville. I have no force here to take the field against Lyon, as you know. He has not touched my district you, but if I had sufficient force I would move against him. If you can possibly render me any assistance to enable me to do so, please answer.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

SMITHLAND, December 15, 1864.

Captain JAMES GRAHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Lawrence, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Cavalry, has returned; reports going within nine miles of Eddyville, this side of the river. A portion of Lyon's force is across the river. Captain Flye, commanding gun-boat at this post, has furnished me with two 12-pounder howitzers and men to work them. I am now taking them to the fort, and, when mounted, I am ready for the enemy, if they are disposed to come. Send Captain Bush, Forty-eighth Kentucky, back, with his arms and ammunition, as soon as possible. Received your dispatch sending re-enforcement.

HENRY P. REED,

Captain, Commanding Post.

SMITHLAND, December 15, 1864.

Captain JAMES GRAHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The steamer Naugatuck has just arrived. She reports being fired into this 2 a. m., twelve miles this side of Eddyville, at Kelly's Crossing, by artillery and musketry. One shot passed through her smoke stack and one through the pilot-house. Lyon is reported to have eight pieces of artillery on the river at that place.

H. P. REED,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[DECEMBER 15, 1864.-For Dodge to Halleck, explaining delay in forwarding troops to Thomas, &amp;c., see Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 865.]

14 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

