
SAINT LOUIS, December 15, 1864-10.20 a. m.

Major General E. UPTON,

Louisville, Ky.:

A portion of Benteen's brigade that was caught in the ice below here has been taken off of boats, and is moving by rail to Cairo and Smithland; also those on the boat that blew up. All others have gone.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 16, 1864.

(Sent 11.25 a. m.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Please accept for yourself, officers, and men the nation's thanks for your good work of yesterday. You made a magnificent beginning. A grand consummation is within your easy reach. Do not let is slip.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Eight Miles from Nashville, December 16, 1864-6 p. m. (Received Washington 5.30 a. m. 17th.)

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, and

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville:

This army thanks you for your approbation of its conduct yesterday, and to assure you that it is not misplaced. I have the honor to report that the enemy has been pressed at all points to-day on his line of retreat to the Brentwood Hills, and Brigadier-General Hatch, of Wilson's corps of cavalry, on the right, turned the enemy's left, and captured a large number of prisoners, number not yet reported. Major-General Schofield's troops, next on the left of cavalry, carried several heights, captured many prisoners and six pieces of artillery. Brevet Major-General Smith, next on the left of Major-General Schofield, carried the salient point of the enemy's line with McMillen's brigade, of McArthur's division, capturing 16 pieces of artillery, 2 brigadier-generals, and about 2,000 prisoners. Brigadier-General Garrard's division, of Smith's command, next on the left of McArthur's division, carried the enemy's intrenchments, capturing all the artillery and troops of the enemy on the line. Brigadier-General Wood's corps, on the Franklin pike, took up the assault, carrying the enemy's intrenchments in his front, captured 8 pieces of artillery, something over 600 prisoners, and drove the enemy within one mile of the Brentwood Pass. Major-General Steedman, commanding detachments of the different armies of the Military Division of the Mississippi, most nobly supported General Wood's left, and bore a most honorable part in the operations of the day. I have ordered the pursuit to be continued in the morning at daylight, although the troops are very much fatigued. The greatest enthusiasm prevails. I must not forget to report the operations of Brigadier-General Johnson, in successfully driving the enemy, with the co-operation of the gun-boats, under Lieutenant-Commander Fitch, from their established batteries on the

