
about 1,000 prisoners. Our troops fought with great gallantry. We have to lamont the loss of many gallant officers and brave men. Major-General Cleburne, Brigadier-Generals John Adams, Gist, Strahl, and Granbury were killed; Major General John C. Brown and Brigadier-Generals Carter, Manigault, Quarles, Cockrell, and Scott were wounded; Brigadier-General Gordon was captured.

"J. B. HOOD,

"General."

A subsequent telegram from General Hood says that our loss of officers was excessively large in proportion to the loss of men.

FROM GEORGIA--FORT M'ALLISTER TAKEN BY SHERMAN.

Official intelligence was received yesterday that the enemy on Wednesday carried Fort McAllister by storm. The garrison of the fort consisted of 150 men. Fort McAllister is on the Ogeechee, fifteen miles southwest of Savannah, at the point where the river is crossed by the Savannah, Albany and Gulf Railroad; it is about six miles from the Ossabaw Sound. The capture of this position puts Sherman in communication with the Yankee fleet. Without attempting any military criticism, we cannot withhold the opinion that the exposting of 100 men to the assault of Sherman's whole army was a piece of extravagance that our present military resources do not seem to warrant.

The Examiner has the following:

Fort McAllister commands the entrance to Ogeechee River, and has prevented the enemy heretofore from ascending the river. We believe there are other works farther up the stream which would render the navigation of the stream by the enemy extremely uncomfortable. The fall of Fort McAllister does not, by any means, involve the loss of Savannah, but will necessitate the re-enforcement of the troops defending the city. * * * At Glade Spring the enemy catprued an engine and fourteen flats, with some railroad hands. On these a party of men were mounted and sent up the road toward Marion, and a dispatch fromn the operator at that place on yesterday tells us that they were, at 2 o'clock, within a mile of that place. Their object is easily divined: it is to burn the bridge over the Holston and break the road, to prevent troops from being sent down the line by steam to re-enforce Saltville. To Saltville the main body will undobutedly go, in all human probability has already gone. There are some fortifications at Saltville and some reserves; what numbers we do not know. If these can check them by any sacrifice, re-enforcements will soon put the place out of danger. At present it is certainly in very great danger.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., December 16, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

If you have any further news of General Thomas' success will you please send it, as it inspires the army here with great enthusiasm.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[DECEMBER 16, 1864.-For Sherman to Grant, referring to Thomas' operations in Tennessee, see Vol. XLIV, p. 728.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 16, 1864-10 a. m.

(Sent 10.15 a. m.)

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

Your dispatch announcing General Thomas' success has been received with great satisfaction, as the situation of affairs at Nashville was such

