
as to afford cause for anxiety. I had every confidence in the judgment and high soldierly qualities of General Thomas, and am truly rejoiced to bear of his brilliant success.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CLARKSVILLE, TENN., December 16, 1864-10 a. m. (Received 11.10 a. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

General Thomas' attack yesterday upon Hood's left resulted in the capture of Chalmers' headquarters train, with papers, 1,000 prisoners, and 16 pieces of artillery, with probably loss ot the army not exceeding 500 killed and wounded. Attack will be continued this morning.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 16, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Cipher just received. Hood has fallen back, and is apparently doing his best to get away, while Thomas is pressing him with great vigor, frequently capturing guns and men. Everything so far is perfectly successful, and the prospect very fair to crush Hood's army.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 16, 1864-9 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

During last night Hood withdrew his right from the river and took a new position, covering Hillsborough, Granny White, and Franklin pikes, which line had been carefully prepared for just this contingency. He was driven from the first line easily, but the second was very stubbornly defended, and at last heavily assaulted three times before succeeding. It was carried, however, and 20 pieces of artillery and 2,000 men, including General Jackson, with the remnant of his division, were taken, the enemy forced back two miles, and his army broken into two parts--one on the [Granny] White pike, and the other on the Franklin, with the range of bluffy hills between them, Steedman and Wood pressing down the latter, and A. J. Smith, Schofield, and the cavalry down the former. Small-arms lay as thick on the completed line as the rebels had stood there. Hood cannot make another such a day's fight, while Thomas is in good condition to press him. Caught more wagons--cannot say number. Everybody, white and black, did splendidly.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, December 16, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Our lines are in operation to Louisville and Clarksville. There is some interruption on lines north of Louisville just now.

Very respectfully,

E. C. BOYLE,

Manager Telegraph Office.

