
mand over to the Franklin pike, to operate on that road and the road running east of the same. You will express to your entire command the cordial congratulations of the major-general commanding for their success and his hearty thanks for the bravery of the troops.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servnt,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Hopkinsville, Ky., December 16, 1864-6 p. m. (Via Russellville 12 m. 18th.)

General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Nashville, Tenn.:

After marching all last night I struck part of Lyon's command here, routed them, and captured their artillery. Colonel Chenoweth, their commander, is among the prisoners wounded. General Lyon has gone toward Princeton. I will pursue as long as is practicable or profitable. I fear he may scatter his command, although I sent all my transportation back to Bowling Green. From Russellville the roads are so exceedingly bad that it is impossible to move rapidly.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,
 MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 36. Louisville, Ky., December 16, 1864.

There being a sufficient number of horses to mount the entire division, it is hereby ordered that brigade and regimental commanders get their commands in readiness to march as soon as possible. Brigade and regimental commanders to organize, if they have not already done so, their provost-guards in accordance with existing orders. These guards to be placed under charge of a reliable non-commissioned officer where the scarcity of regimental officers will not admit of a commissioned officer being placed in charge of them. The pioneer corps will be promptly organized, in accordance with orders heretofore issued from these headquarters, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, and the men composing them will be promptly furnished with the necessary told. These parties will also be placed in charge of a good non-commissioned officer where it is impracticable to furnish a commissioned officer. Brigade and regimental commanders will at once provide their men with haversacks and canteens, if they have not already been so provided. As it is impracticable to take an ordnance train from here to Nashville, and not improbable that the command will have fighting to do en route to that place, brigade and regimental commanders will see that their men having guns are provided with 100 rounds of ammunition per man before leaving here and cautioned in reference to taking care of it.

By command of Brigadier General Eli Long:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

