
Rucker (now a prisoner) say all their trains were ordered there this morning, and that cavalry of Chalmers must take care of this flank. Go for him with all possible celerity, as Hood says the safety of their army depends upon Chalmers. I will move by the nearest roads to the Harpeth, and connect with you somewhere very early to-morrow near Franklin. The rebels are badly beaten and in full retreat. The day is glorious! Hatch and Knipe have done splendidly. I regret you were not here, but all right to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tucker's House, Eight Miles from Nashville, on Granny White Pike, December 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON,Commanding Sixth Division Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 3.15 p. m. is received. Well done. I have sent your orders to keep crowding the enemy and try to get into Franklin. Shove him as closely as possible; give him no peace. A dispatch from General Hood, captured with General Rucker, says the safety of his army depends upon the ability of Chalmers to keep us off; time is all he wants. Don't give him any. I will meet you somewhere on the Harpeth River to-morrow with the whole force. This has been a splendid day. Knipe and Hatch have done splendidly.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE HARPETH, December 16, 1864-7.30 p. m.

[General WILSON:]

GENERAL: The enemy having fallen back a short distance on the Hillsborough pike, fell back in considerable confusion on roads leading toward Franklin and Brentwood. I am now nine miles from Franklin and the same distance from Nashville. Hammond is not far in my rear. I sent a squadron down the pike to the Big Harpeth, with orders to push in rapidly and return this evening. This force has just returned and reports having met a picket on the pike near Big Harpeth. I do not believe there is any force in that direction, though there may be a small picket. The woods indicate and the citizens all agree that the main rebel cavalry force passed over in the direction of Brentwood or Franklin. I would like to receive instructions to-night. I have ordered my command under arms and ready for work by 4 a. m. Have you any orders in relation to Biddle's dismounted brigade left on the Big Harpeth at the crossing of the Hardin pike? I inclose report of officer sent out to Big Harpeth.

Respectfully,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

