
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH IOWA CAVALRY, December 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BAIRD:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your orders, I advanced on the Hillsborough pike, in the direction of the Big Harpeth River, about two miles and a half. About two miles beyond where we are now camped I discovered a road coming in from the right that appeared to have been traveled to-day by a large column of cavalry and a number of wagons. About a quarter of a mile farther on I found two other roads coming in fromn the left. These were newly made and well beaten. I would think, from appearances, that artillery had been brought in on one or both of them. A short distance beyond this I came upon a strong picket, so posted that I could not drive it back. After firing several shots, and becoming satisfied that I could not advance easy farther without too much risk, I returned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. C. McBEATH,

Captain, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Granny White Pike, Tucker's House, December 16, 1864. (Received 1.10 a. m. 17th.)

Brigadier-General JOHNSON,

Commanding Sixth Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Orders have been sent you by two different messengers; one order by an orderly from your headquarters. Direct Colonel Biddle to join you at the crossing of the Harpeth River by the Hillsborough pike. If possible, let him reach it before you do, and he may pick up some prisoners. A portion of Chalmers' division may still be in front of you. Push him with all your might, and we will attend to him on this line.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILLSBOROUGH PIKE, December 16, 1864.

Major-General WILSON:

General Knipe not being present, I report from a regiment that I have on the Granny White pike that the pike is very strongly picketed and numerous detachments moving toward our left generally. While I write this I hear scattering fire over there.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.

Major Holahan, Nineteenth Pennsylvania, on Granny White pike, has sent in another courier, saying the enemy's picket-line is strong, and a force in front. I have ordered him to not fall back, unless compelled, and then slowly.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.

