
STEVENSON, December 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEAGHER,

Commanding District of the Etowah:

The following telegram has just been received which is the most reliable of anything we have received, and will account for the firing heard to-day:

DECHERD, December 16, 1864.

I have reliable information that Breckinridge, with a force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, estimated at 10,000, passed Woodbury, twenty-one miles southeast of Murfreesborough, going toward Murfreesborough. Heavy artillery firing heard all day to-day in direction of the latter place.

WILLARD WARNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, December 16, 1864.

Captain HENRY A. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

A reliable citizen reports artillery firing distinctly heard on the mountain thirteen miles from this place on yesterday afternoon, and this morning in the direction of the Decherd Station, and Breckinridge is reported leaving Manchester with 4,500 men, marching upon Stevenson. The reasonable presumption is that the firing was by his command.

M. C. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

PADUCAH, KY., December 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Lyon has captured Princeton, Ky., and Eddyville. He is conscripting, and taking private property for miles around. The party of 1,000 men left at Danville crossing have disappeared. The regiments of infantry which your ordered me to detain for the purpose of moving against Lyon at Danville are arriving, but without cavalry it is impossible for me to move against Lyon. Can I detain any of the cavalry of the infantry and assume the offensive? Please answer.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, December 16, 1864.

General S. MEREDITH,

Paducah, Ky.:

No re-enforcements can be spared at present for your district. I understand a part of General Thomas' cavalry is taking care of Lyon. Please keep me informed of his movements. The general commanding expects you will hold Paducah, Columbus, and Smithland, but at present make no offensive movement.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

15 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

