HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA, Indianapolis, December 16, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am informed by telegram from Madison, Ind., that Colonel Jessee's men have taken Milton, a small town in Kentucky. They here fired on two steamers, and left in the direction of Bedford, Ky. We must have a small force for the front on the Ohio.

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brevet Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany:

The great battle between the United States forces under Major-General Thomas and the rebel army under General Hood, before Nashville, resulted yesterday in a great and decisive victory for the Union arms. The rebel army has been broken and routed, a large portion of its artillery and great numbers of prisoners captured. This triumph has been achieved with small loss to our army. General Thomas reports that has loss has been very small, probably not exceeding 300,* and very few killed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Andrew, Boston; Governor Smith, Saint Albans, Vt.; Governor Cony, Augusta; Governor Smith, Providence; Governor Curtin, Harrisburg; Governor Brough, Columbus; Governor Morton, Indianapolis; Governor Blair, Jackson, Mich.; Governor Stone, Davenport, Iowa; Governor Yates, Springfield, Ill.; Governor of Wisconsin, Madison; Governor Boreman, Wheeling; Mayor of Pittsburg, Pa.; Mayor of Steubenville, Ohio; Governor Tod, Youngstown, Ohio; Governor of Missouri, Saint Louis; General Meade; General Pope, Milwaukee, Wis.; General Curtis, Fort Leavenworth; General Dodge, Saint Louis; General Cadwalader, Philadelphia; General Lew. Wallace, Baltimore; General Hooker, Cincinnati; and Colonel Sweet, Chicago.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 17, 1864-8.35 a. m. (Sent 10.25 a. m.)

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The following official report+ of the great victory achieved yesterday by Major-General Thomas and his gallant army over the rebel forces under General Hood, in front of Nashville, was received this morning. One of the most surprising circumstances connected with this great

---------------

*Three thousand, as reported by Thomas, see p. 210.

+See 6 p. m. of 16th, p. 210.

---------------

