
LOUISVILLE, KY., December 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Burlington, N. J.:

Have just arrived. Weather bad; raining since yesterday morning. People here jubilant over Thomas' success. Confidence seemed to be restores. I will remain here to hear from you. All things going right. It would seem best that I return to join my command with Sherman.

JNO. A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 17, 1864-6.30 p. m. (Sent 6.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I congratulate the President, yourself, and the country on the glorious victory achieved by Major-General Thomas and the troops under his command. I have directed a salute of 100 guns to be fired to-morrow at sunrise in honor of this brilliant triumph.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH, December 17, 1864. (Received 18th.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The Army of the Shenandoah, through me, send their hearty congratulations to yourself and army for the brilliant victory at Nashville on the 15th and 16th instant. We have given you 200 guns and much cheering.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, December 17, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

I have the honor to acknowledge receiving, and to thank you for the early telegraphic copy, of your admirable official report to the President of your great and glorious victory over the enemy of our country and of mankind on the 15th and 16th instant. I am deeply impressed wight he belief that our whole country will now or hereafter appreciate the generalship, statesmanship, and patriotism of your campaign, resulting int he signal defeat of General Hood's army, in which centered the strength and hopes of half the rebellion, with little loss, under great difficulties and with probably political consequences and more important than have followed the previous achievements of the war. Permit me on this occasion to express my humble admiration of your distinguished public services, which evince all the high qualities of virtue, patriotism, and ability, characteristic of our first great countryman.

Respectfully and faithfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

