
NASHVILLE, TENN., December 17, 1864-12 noon.

Major ECKERT:

No report from the front this morning. From the provost-marshal I get number of prisoners, up to this hour, 5,000, and gather from other sources number of guns 49.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 17, 1864-10 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Just in from the front. Enemy made only sufficient resistance to-day to enable him to get his transportation away. General Thomas crowded him as much as possible, and has captured 1,000 prisoners, driving enemy across Harpeth River, but not securing bridges by which he crossed. Cavalry forded and engaged on south bank, when night overtook us. Have captured no guns or wagons so far as I know. Hood is in rapid retreat, and the state of ground is such as to confine pursuit to pike roads, cross-roads and fields impassable for artillery or transportation. Stragglers and rear guard will be picket up daily; not much else.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Franklin, December 17, 1864-9.30 p. m.

The major-general commanding directs that the army will move in pursuit of the enemy, in the present order of the different commands, at as early an hour after daylight as possible to-morrow morning, December 18.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Nashville, December 17, 1864-6 a. m.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Army Corps for to-day, December 17, 1864:

The advance against the enemy will continue this morning, the troops moving upon receipt of this order-General Kimball on the right, General Elliott in the center General Beatty on the left. Division commanders will deploy one brigade each. The rest of the troops wil follow in columns until the enemy is met, when a second brigade will be deployed and the enemy pressed with all vigor possible. Attacks will [not] be made upon his solid works except under special orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

J. S. FULLERTON,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

