
tive brigades. You will, if necessary, cover the march with a strong body of skirmishers as far as Brentwood, passing over the hills to the east of and bordering the road, moving in conjunction with the skirmishers of the First Brigade.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., December 17, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Stevenson, Ala.:

A signal party left here to-day in the 5 p. m. train. Order the party to return.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Granny White Pike, Eight Miles from Nashville, December 17, 1864-3 a. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

The order of the major-general commanding, dated 9.10 p. m. yesterday, is received. I shall be compelled, in obedience thereto, to continue on this road as far as Brentwood, and probably farther. It seems to me that I shall be able to do the enemy more damage by crowding him now by the shortest roads, instead of losing any time to get to the other flank. I have already ordered Johnson to move very early by the Hillsborough pike for Franklin, and will do the best I possibly can with the balance of the force. The second copy of your dispatch is just received. I will send Croxton and Knipe direct to the Franklin pike; Hatch will strike it at Brentwood. I sent you word last night that I would try to get into Franklin with the whole force, but your dispatch does not acknowledge the receipt of my communication. I feel obliged to press toward the other flank. General Rucker who was captured last night, says Hood wold have retreated sooner, if he could. A dispatch from Hood to Chalmers says, "Time is all we want." I infer that he expects the arrival of Forrest's forces. The infantry ought, therefore, to crowd the enemy vigorously on the Franklin pike, and, if possible, prevent a junction of Hood and the forces now in the direction of Murfreesborough. I'll have reveille sounded, and move forward at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Franklin, Tenn., December 17, 1864-1 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The rebels are on a great skedaddle; the last of them, closely pressed by Knipe, passed through this place two hours and a half ago. I have directed Johnson to try and strike them at Spring

