
Hill. Knipe is pressing down the Columbia pike; Hatch close on their left; Croxton I shall direct down the Lewisburg pike. The prisoners report the rebel army in a complete rout, and all the Tennesseeans are deserting. Colonel Alexander, my chief of staff, is just in from Johnson, who is well down on the Columbia pike, having struck here about the same time that Knipe did. The rebel rear guard is in position on the hills just south of here. I have everything in hand expect Croxton, and will drive at them without delay. The Harpeth is rising rapidly; all bridges down. Shove up the infantry and get up the pontoons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Knipe has 5 battle-flags and 300 prisoners. The rebel army seems to be down on Hood.

J. H. W.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Franklin, December 17, 1864-1.30 p. m.

[General WHIPPLE:]

GENERAL: The rebels began passing through here early yesterday morning-cavalry, artillery, and infantry. One of our surgeons here says he never saw a worse rabble; they are completely demoralized. I'll do what I can for the rear guard. Can't heard definitely of Forrest, though it is reported he withdrew from Murfreesborough yesterday.

J. H. WILSON,Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Three Miles North of Thompson's Station, on West Harpeth, December 17, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have "bust up" Stevenson's division of infantry, a brigade of cavalry, and taken three guns. The Fourth Cavalry and Hatch's division, supported by Knipe, made several beautiful charges, breaking the rebel infantry in all directions. There has been a great deal of night firing, volleys and cannonading from our guns-the rebels have none. It is very dark, and our men are considerably scattered, but I'll collect them on this bank of the stream-West Harpeth. Hatch is a brick!

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Johnson's House, Six Miles from Franklin, December 17, 1864-7.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Upon further investigation I find that Knipe's division participated most handsomely in the affair of this evening; nothing

