
could have been more brilliant than the behavior of the troops. If it had only been light we would certainly have destroyed their entire rear guard; as it was, they were severely punished. The guns will be sent in as soon as wheels can be fitted to the carriages. My command needs forage badly; this country seems to be entirely stripped. I will assemble everything, except Croxton's brigade, along the line of the West Harpeth to-night. Johnson must be near our right flank. As soon as it is light in the morning, and everything fed, I will push forward.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, December 17, 1864-10.50 [p. m.].

Major General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Yours of 6 and 7.10 this eve received. The major-general commanding approves of your suggestion to feed and push on in the morning as early as possible. He also desires to express his high appreciation of the conduct of yourself, officers, and men. He has just learned from General A. J. Smith that he yesterday captured Johnson's entire division, including Johnson himself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Franklin, Tenn., December 17, 1864-9 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

The river rose so rapidly, the driftwood was so heavy, and the current so swift, that I have been unable to make a bridge, and do not expect to get over until the pontoons come. I have notified General Thomas, and asked him to hurry up the pontoons. I tell you of this so you may know how I am situated. If the pontoons get up to-night I hope to get off early in the morning, and will use all possible dispatch in getting up to you. I congratulate you and your command on your distinguished success to-day.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Granny White Pike, Eight Miles from Nashville,

December 17, 1864-3.30 a. m.

The Cavalry Corps will move at the earliest possible moment after the receipt of this order, by the following lines:

1. Croxton's brigade will march, by the most direct road, to the Franklin pike, pressing the enemy closely by that road and those immediately to the east of it, leaving the pike itself for Knipe's division.

