
IV. The Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry will, without delay, report to Brigadier-General Croxton, commanding First Brigade, First Division Cavalry, for temporary duty with his brigade.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1864-9.15 a. m.

The Cavalry Corps will move to the north bank of the Cumberland, by the railroad bridge, to a camp to the selected by Brigadier-General Johnson. Order of march; First, Sixth Division and Croxton's brigade, of the First Division; second, Fifth Division.

Requisitions for clothing, &amp;c., will be sent in at once, extra shoes fitted, horses will be shod, and all means necessary will be taken for rendering the command efficient.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 2, 1864.

Major-General WILSON, or

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, CAVALRY CORPS:

GENERAL: I respectfully request permission to move my brigade to Edgefield, or where there is ground suitable for camping. If allowed the opportunity, I can, even in forty-eight hours, do much to improve the condition of my command, which has become shattered by long and severe service. I desire also to have two regiments paid that have drawn no pay for twelve months. For more than three months my command has been upon the most arduous service, separated from its transportation and baggage, and needs rest, and must have it. I ask it at this time because I believe it can be granted with less inconvenience than hereafter. In the event you do not feel authorized to grant my request, I ask that you forward this with your approval to General Thomas by special courier.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1st DIV., CAV. CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. Near Louisville, Ky., December 2, 1864.

This command will march at 8 a. m. on Saturday, the 3rd instant. Three day's rations will be carried in the haversacks. The cartridge-boxes will be filled. No straggling will be permitted. Orderlies who may be necessitated to fall out of ranks will be furnished with permanent passes, approved at these headquarters before marching. No officer will lodge in a house, except by order of regimental surgeons, approved at these headquarters. Only the amount of baggage allowed

