
2. Knipe's division will move, by the nearest road, to the Franklin pike, and press the enemy on that road and any that may be found on its immediate right.

3. Hatch's division will follow the enemy, on this road, to Brentwood, and press the enemy closely on the right of the Franklin pike. It may not be necessary to strike Brentwood at all, if roads can be found between the Hillsborough and Franklin pikes. General Hatch will use his discretion.

4. General Johnson will march, in pursuance of instructions last night, by the Hillsborough pike.

5. Cavalry Corps headquarters will be with the Fifth Division. Frequent communications must be sent in by the various columns.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 4.* Johnson's House, December 17, 1864.

I. Commanding officers will be very active to-night and early to-morrow in obtaining forage, and will see that every horse is well fed.

II. The corps will be assembled in the following order to-morrow:

Johnson's division, with one regiment on Carter's Creek, the balance connecting with the Seventh Division, General Knipe, on the West Harpeth River. The Seventh Division will be on the right side of the Columbia pike. The Fifth Division will be on the left of the Columbia pike, its right resting on the left of the Seventh Division. General Croxton's brigade will be on the Lewisburg pike. When this disposition is effected, at 6.30 a. m. to-morrow the command will move forward in that order.

III. Commanders of divisions and detached brigades will detail a suitable officer from their respective commands to report to these headquarters as aides to the general commanding.

IV. Commanding officers will take measures to bring forward supplies of ordnance, and such other supplies as they may need.

By order of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

MRS. OWEN'S HOUSE, Wilson Pike, Four Miles and a Half South of Brentwood, [December 17], 1864-9.30 a. m.

[General WILSON:]

GENERAL: I am at this point, with my advance two miles farther. Have sent scout to Nolensville pike, and will not move farther until I hear from it. Have captured about fifty prisoners. No considerable force moved by this road. Forrest reported to be on my left. Will the infantry follow me on this road? I am two miles and a half from the Franklin pike.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Appears as Numbers 7 in order book.

---------------

