HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Seven Miles from Franklin, December 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: Generals Hatch and Knipe are in Franklin. Push along as fast as possible by the road you fell back on when Hood advanced on Nashville. Cross the Harpeth River and endeavor to strike the enemy's flank on the Lewisburg pike. Watch well your left. If possible, send a small force through to communicate with the garrison at Murfreesborough, to inform them what has taken place. Keep us well informed of your progress. Orders will be sent you when you reach the Lewisburg pike, or are near it.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Douglas Church, December 17, 1864-7 p. m.

Major BEAUMONT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I am four miles south of Franklin, on the Lewisburg pike. Have sent down three miles farther. Nothing passed on this road save stragglers and about two regiments cavalry. Sent within two miles of Peytonsville and found not force. Have taken to-day 130 prisoners. Had to swim Harpeth. Sent my artillery via Franklin. Rations out to night. Shall I order up my supply train, or will it be done?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NICHOLS' HOUSE, December 17, 1864.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Cav. Div. Dept. of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: I have reliable information that Lyon, with a considerable body of men, crossed the Tradewater River at White's old mill about 10 o'clock this morning. He had one piece of artillery, a caisson, and three or four wagons loaded with goods, and burned the bridge immediately after crossing. Several wagons that came from the direction of Princeton after the bridge was burned went up the river to cross at a ford. The river is hardly fordable at White's Mill, but I think we can swim it. My scouts are out. If they bring information I will send it. My impression is that Lyon wishes to spend a few days among his fair friends in Union County. Unless otherwise ordered, I shall march to the mill at daylight, following the train, and try to cross.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE.

16 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

