
DECHERD, December 17, 1864.

General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

James A. Moore, of General Rosseau's headquarters, and known to Major Polk, assistant adjutant-general, reports to me to-night that Breckinridge passed Woodbury, twenty-one miles southeast of Murfreesborough, on the 13th, with cavalry, artillery, and infantry, estimated at 10,000, going toward Murfreesborough. Heavy firing heard to-day at Duck River, in direction of latter place. All quiet here.

WILLARD WARNER,

Colonel 180th Ohio, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Hale's House, Granny White Pike, December 17, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,Murfreesborough:

The major-general commanding directs the new regiments recently sent to Murfreesborough, and not a portion of the permanent garrison, be prepared to join the Fourth and Twenty-third Army Corps, according to the assignments made, which will be designated in a future order, when they shall be directed to march. They can now be got ready to obey such order as soon as given by the major-general commanding. In the operations of the 15th and 16th our forces have been signally successful in driving the enemy from every position he has taken, and, very fortunately for us, with but little comparative loss on our side. Our captures for both days' operations sum up as follows: Three brigadier-generals and a large number of prisoners, about 4,000; between 40 and 50 pieces of artillery; and a vast number of small-arms, thrown away by the enemy in his precipitate retreat. The pursuit will be continued this morning, and the enemy will be closely pressed at all points. Orders will be given to the railroad construction parties to repair the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad in the shortest possible time, and restore our communication byt rail to all points on our lines.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Franklin, December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,Stevenson:

The major-general commanding directs that you immediately reoccupy the railroad as far as Decatur, throwing supplies into Decatur by means of steam-boats. The rebel army is in full retreat down the Columbia pike, much demoralized. We have captured Ned Johnson's entire division, including himself, also Bate's division, and broken up Stevenson's division.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

