
Virginia. His force cannot have passed through East and Middle Tennessee since that time, or through the mountains of Kentucky. We could not have failed to hear and know of such movement here. Breckinridge himself may be at Murfreesborough, but it seems impossible that it should be with the force he had in East Tennessee.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PADUCAH, KY., December 17, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: General Thomas has placed at my disposal four regiments of infantry, and ordered me to move against Lyon when he was at Danville crossing. I have telegraphed him for the use of cavalry to enable me to do so. Three regiments have arrived here, and when I assume the offensive I will not withdraw any of the present garrison from the posts in this district. Lyon's headquarters are at Princeton, and his men are scattered all over the country, robbing and conscripting. There is no force of ours after Lyon. General Thomas requests me to move upon him.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, December 17, 1864. (Received 12 m.)

Colonel E. T. SPRAGUE:

COLONEL: Send on all troops, quick as you can, from Cairo, both cavalry and infantry.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 17, 1864.

The cavalry is now embarking for Louisville, by order of Major-General Upton, who is here direct from General Thomas. I will forward the infantry as fast as it arrives.

E. T. SPRAGUE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SMITHLAND, December 17, 1864.

Captain JAMES GRAHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet here. A number of citizens from Eddyville and Dycusburg arrived during the night, some of whom escaped after being conscripted. From all the information that I can get Lyon has his force divided in small squads. One squad was near Marion yesterday. The parties that were on this side of the river have recrossed. Captain Flye, with the Lexington, was to open on Eddyville and Dycusburg this a. m. if he sees any of them in these places. The river is now being patrolled with gun-boats from here to Clarksville.

Very respectfully,

HENRY P. REED,

Captain, Commanding Post.

