
leave no doubt on your mind, could I be allowed to present them to you; besides, I received advices from friends in confirmation of what I state and also in confirmation of the fact that it was freely talked of by those officials. The newspapers also announced it, and I am add that the announcement gave great satisfaction in the Army of the Potomac. The change was not made, and now, after the lapse of a year, he is recommended for a major generally over my head in the regular army. I should add further in regard to General Meade, that it is well known that he has been retained in position for several months by the politicians of Pennsylvania, they making his retention a condition to their support of Mr. Lincoln for re-election; that officer in the meantime having rendered no especial service, and his continuance in position being a serious detriment to the public good. You doubtless are as fully informed of the estimation in which he is held in the Army of the Potomac as I am. You also know of the condition of that army now, and what it has been for some months past. I may also state in this connection that I was made a brigadier-general on the day of the battle of Antietam under circumstances, I believe, without a parallel. It was done on the application of George B. McClellan, then a bitter enemy, stating that it was the desire of the officers of that army that I should be promoted to that position. I think General Meade's date is about the time of the battle of Gettysburg; and who will attempt to institute a comparison of our services since? The Secretary of War will assure you that I saved the Army of the Cumberland last fall, and this spring, in the advance on Atlanta, the losses in killed and wounded in my corps were nearly one-half of those of the armies of which Sherman's force was composed; and they were no unnecessary losses resulting from unskillful maneuvering for battles, or rashness in fighting them. It is enough to say that on that brief campaign I won the hearts of the army I was serving with and the hearts of the West. I dislike to speak of myself in the measure I am doing, and only indulge in it for the reason that I have a greater dislike to being disgraced. For several months the appointment of General Meade to a major-generally was kept a profound secret, and when announced by the public prints, it was accompanied with the statement that it had been done at the request of the lieutenant-general. Acts of this character must inspire conscious shame and a desire to avoid the responsibility of them. Would it not be far better to put military commissions in the market, and dispose of them at public auction as any other commodity?

In the face of facts like these one may well tremble with fear in serving an administration which is the representative of the nation in its conflict with treason. In view of all that is passing one may well pause and inquire if it is not a crime to be loyal. You know, Senator-all know-that I have devoted every energy of my soul and body from the beginning of our troubles; that I have been absorbed in the magnitude of our cause morally and politically, and have only prayed that more valor and wisdom might be given me, in order that I could render greater service, and to-day I am compelled by honor and duty to invoke your aid in keeping me from being disgraced.

All officers have been called upon to place on record in the Adjutant-General's Office a statement of the services they have rendered in the rebellion. I forwarded mine, to include the year 1863, and let me advise you before acting on the nominations I have referred to, to request that it be laid before the Military Committee. I have made another effort to appear before the Committee on the Conduct of the War, but the result I have not yet learned. If General Halleck can prevent it, he

