
will. Should I be allowed to go to Washington I shall have no fears of falling a victim to conspiracies which are the offspring of envy and jealousy. It is from these unworthy feelings I am not permitted to go in sight of any army in the field at this time, and, if it can be prevented, I shall not be allowed to the end of the chapter; and yet there is no army that would not welcome my return with enthusiasm such as has not been seen or known in this war. I know the feelings of the armies I have served with, and I know of what I am writing.

I shall request the Senators from the Pacific Coast to watch my interest in the Senate, for they are really the only members of the Senate on whom I feel that I have claims for protection. I have marked my letters private, but this I trust will not prevent your showing them to my friends, should you be disposed to do so. Hurriedly as I have had to write, I should like especially for Mr. Fessenden and Senators Wade and Chandler to read them, if they will do me that favor. I declined the tender of Mr. Fessenden's services while I was master of my sword, but now that I am disarmed, I am constrained to accept.

In reviewing my letter it may be inferred that it was only on one occasion that I was informed that it was the wish of His Excellency the President and of the Secretary of War to relieve General Meade and place me in command of the Army of the Potomac, but almost every month from December to July reports to this effect reached me, and yet it was not done. What power there was behind the throne greater than the thine itself I am not advised. I only know it was not done, and now it is proposed, by the same influence, I suppose, to promote General Meade over my head, and these same authorities appear to have given it their approval. Yesterday General Meade was not fitted for the place he holds, and I was; to-day he was promoted over my head, with no additional service except that of exploding the mine near Petersburg, which matter has been investigated, but the result not made known. Who was at fault?

Excusing myself, as I certainly do, for consuming so much of your time with what relates to myself, and hoping that I may soon have an opportunity to make my acknowledgments to you in person for your many, many kindnesses, I have the honor to remain your friend and servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[DECEMBER 18, 1864.-For Grant to Sherman, referring to Thomas' operations, see Vol. XLIV, p. 740.]

WASHINGTON CITY, December 18, 1864-12.20 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The armies operating against Richmond have fired 200 guns in honor of your great victory. Sherman has fully established his base on Ossabaw Sound, with Savannah fully invested. I hope to be able to fire a salute to-morrow in honor of the fall of Savannah. In all your operations we hear nothing of Forrest. Great precautions should be taken to prevent him crossing the Cumberland or Tennessee below Eastport. After Hood is driven as far as it is possible to follow him, you want to reoccupy Decatur and all other abandoned points.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

