HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, December 18, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Washington:

Yours of 12.20 p. m. to-day received. I have already given orders to have Decatur occupied, and also to throw a strong column on the south side of the Tennessee toward Tuscumbia, for the purpose of capturing Hood's depot there, if possible, and gaining possession of his pontoon bridge. I have also requested Admiral Lee to go up the Tennessee River with a fleet of gun-boats, which he has promised to do, and his vessels are no doubt already on the way. General Wilson informed me to-day that prisoners taken yesterday by him told him that Forrest, Jackson, and another division left Murfreesborough on Thursday for Columbia direct, and that Buford with another division left Murfreesborough the same day and marched continuously until he reached Spring Hill, where he assumed the duties of rear guard to the rebel army. I hope you will be able to fire a salute to-morrow in honor of the capture of Savannah.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 18, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

The enemy have been vigorously pursued to-day, but have studiously avoided any attack by my troops. I have succeeded in taking a few prisoners, some 200 or 300, but our captures are light in comparison with the successes of the past few days. The pursuit will be continued in the morning at as early an hour as the troops can march. The following copies of orders, found in Breckinridge's camp in East Tennessee, are transmitted for your information:

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST. VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 27. Wytheville, Va., December 2, 1864.

In accordance with orders received from the Ordnance Department at Richmond that it has become of vital importance to husband small-arms ammunition and lead, the order is published that all lead which can be gleaned from battle-fields, or otherwise obtained, will be collected by the brigade ordnance officer, and to be sent to the nearest arsenal or ordnance depot. Whenever guns are to be relieved of their loads the balls should be drawn, if practicable; otherwise, the loads should be discharged into boxes of sand or dirt, so that the lead may be recovered and turned into the ordnance department. The attention of the commanding officers is called to the necessity giving rise to this order, and its rigid enforcement is strictly enjoined.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST. VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,

Wythevile, Va., December 2, 1864.

The attention of commanding officers is called to the scarcity of forage in this department, and the absolute necessity of economy in its consumption. Evidences of its waste have been observed heretofore. The proper officers must, in all cases, superintend the issue of forage, and commanding officers and every company officer must give his strict personal attention.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have found the railroad, thus far, but little disturbed, and my trains will be up by railroad in a day or two at the furthest. The telegraph is up with me now. I find upon receiving more correct reports

