
of the operations of the 16th instant, that Major General Ed. Johnson's entire division, with all the brigade commanders, was captured in the works which were carried by assault, besides destroying a brigade of the enemy's cavalry and capturing its commander, Brigadier-General Rucker. Among the captures made to-day are the rebel Brigadier-General Quarles, wounded, and a number of other rebels, also wounded, lying in the houses by the roadside, unable to get away.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Franklin, December 18, 1864-9 a. m. (Via Wheeling, Va.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,Headquarters Army of the Shenandoah:

Your telegram of the 17th is just received. Accept my sincere thanks for your very kind congratulations. This army sends greetings to the Army of the Shenandoah. Our operations yesterday were nearly equal to those of the 15th and 16th instant. We captured three pieces of artillery yesterday and a number of prisoners, and had not night settled would have secured almost the entire rear guard of the enemy, consisting of Stevenson's division of infantry and a brigade of cavalry, all of which ran like a flock of sheep. On the 16th we captured the entire division of Major General Ed. Johnson, and all his brigade commanders, in their works, which were carried by assault, besides destroying one brigade of cavalry, capturing its commander, Brigadier-General Rucker.

Yours, sincerely,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 18, 1864-12.20 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

All officers and detachments absent from General Sherman's army, and not on duty with you, will immediately join their respective commands, near Savannah, via New York. The quartermaster at New York will furnish transportation. Officers and detachments belonging to the same army now serving with you will join General Sherman in the same way as relieved. Those who have less than three months to serve will be relieved by you, and be organized provisionally, or be attached to other organizations. Orders wil be sent by mail. Please acknowledge receipt of this telegram.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. F. CHALFIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, December 18, 1864.

Major S. F. CHALFIN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

Your dispatch ordering men of General Sherman's army to join received.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

