
NASHVILLE, TENN., December 18, 1864.

Major General, M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

We open the Cumberland to-day. Transports here have left under convoy of the gun-boats. We captured yesterday 450 prisoners and 5 flags. We have taken in all over 5,000 prisoners, among whom are Major-General Johnson and Brigadier-Generals jackson and Smith, and over 250 commissioned officers. Besides, Hood has lost most of his artillery, over 40 pieces already reported,a nd his army is terribly shattered. He will be fortunate to reach the Tennessee River with half his original force. In his order of battle General Thomas assigned the Quartermaster's Department an important position on interior line of works, and we held the same three days and two nights, thus enabling the general to take a considerably larger force into the field. I withdrew the men yesterday, and now the department is doing all it can to sustain the army in pursuing the enemy, giving up most of the transportation of the department for that purpose.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 18, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville:

The major-general commanding directs me to uniform you that he desires you to send a party to Franklin as soon as possible, to construct a permanent road bridge at the point originally used for such bridge, which has been for some time destroyed.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 18, 1864.

Captain R. H. RAMSEY

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram received. Say to the major-general commanding that the bridge at Franklin has already been provided for. Working party will leave here to-night or early in the morning. Thanks for information as to your movements. Please keep me advised.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 18, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that he desires you to repair as soon as possible to Franklin, Tenn., and register the names of the rebel wounded and attendants left at that place by the enemy,

