
and also to make preparations for their speedy removal to the rebel hospital at Nashville. There are also a number of rebel wounded, including the rebel Brigadier-General Quarles, in houses on the road between Franklin and Spring Hill; these are also to be registered and sent to Nashville as rapidly as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 18, 1864.

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM,

Superintendent of Military Railroads:

Everything is working well. Will have the railroad open to-night to Franklin, and we will follow General Thomas as fast as possible. I have parties working on the back end of the break on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and will have it opened in a few days. There is a very large amount of work blocked out for us ahead.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, December 18, 1864.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,Chief Engineer U. S. Military Railroad,

Military Division of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you immediately proceed to put the railroads of the military division in running order; and ot do this you are authorized during the present emergency to appropriate any timber which may be necessary for making ties or bridge timber that may be standing near the lines of roads you are request to repair. When the emergency is passed and the roads repaired you will procure your ties and timber by contract as heretofore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 18, 1864.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General Rousseau commands at Murfreesborough, with 6,000 at least. He reports Forrest killed and 1,500 of his men captured. Colonel Warner, commanding at Decherd, reports that Breckinridge crossed the Chattanooga railroad, ten miles south of Murfreesborough, Friday, 10,000 strong, pushing forward to join Hood. General Thomas knows.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, December 18, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: My troops are encamped three and a half miles from Rutherford's Creek and about seven miles from Columbia, being about one mile and a half in advance of the cavalry. The troops had

