
a hard march to-day, but the greater part of them were in camp by dark. It is probable that we will have some trouble in crossing Rutherford's Creek, and we may have to build a bridge over it. By all means the pontoon train should be hurried up for the crossing of Duck River. Heavy you any special orders for me to-morrow?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 18, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier General TH. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to acknowledge the receipt of your report of 9 p. m. this day,a nd, in reply, to state that the pontoon train has been ordered forward as rapidly as possible, and should be here to-night. There are no further orders than those sent you last evening, viz: to continue the further orders that those sent you last evening, viz: to continue the pursuit of the enemy to-morrow morning, marching at about 8 o'clock.

i am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Widow Sayers', December 18, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have halted my command at this place, about two miles from Spring Hill, to feed, issue rations, &amp;c. I am informed that the enemy has two pontoon bridges across the Duck River near the old wagon bridge. A little girl, who has just arrived from Tuscumbia, which place she left three days ago, says she saw no troops at that place or this side. Prisoners say that Hood cannot get across the Tennessee River, as our forces at Memphis had repaired the railroad as far as La Grange, and were marching out to attack him in flank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Spring Hill, December 18, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General WILSON:

GENERAL: Your very satisfactory note of 2 p. m. has just been received. The head of my column is now in Spring Hill, and I will push on as far as I can to-night to keep well closed up. On account of the extreme heaviness of the road the men are very much jaded and are straggling some. Captain Stansbury informs me that you will probably leave the turnpike and go to the left; if you do so, please inform me, and certainly try to give me your position to-night, and I will, in return, communicate to you my position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

