HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Franklin, Tenn., December 18, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Corps:

The bridge that Colonel Suman has been building is just finished, and the corps will start at once-General Kimball's division will lead, followed by General Elliott's, then General Beatty's. Five ammunition wagons, ten ambulances,a nd one battery will follow each division. Immediately following the troops will follow the Artillery Brigade; then the ammunition trains, in the order in which the divisions march; then artillery ammunition trains; then the hospital trains; then corps headquarters train, followed by headquarters trains, in the order in which the divisions march; then regimental wagons.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

J. S. FULLERTON,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Three Miles and a Half North of Rutherford's Creek, December 18, 1864-1.45 p. m.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Corps for to-morrow, December 19, 1864:

The corps will march in pursuit of the enemy, starting at 8 a. m. and moving toward Columbia-the Second Division will lead, followed by the Third, then the First. Division train will move in the order in which the divisions march, and in the same general order in which they moved to-day. The artillery of the command will also move as to-day.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, December 18, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the forcing the forces in the field directs that you detail a general officer, to proceed without delay to Murfreesborough, to take command of, and march to join the Twenty-third Army Corps, such regiments as are at that place which have been assigned to it. Major-General Steedman, with his command, is now on his transportation, upon his arrival, for the use of the portion of your command above refereed to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

