HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 18, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your command in its present order of march, in the morning of to-morrow (19th), in pursuit of the enemy, at about 8 o'clock.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

please send me the organization of new regiments assigned to your corps.

R. H. R.

(Same, excepting postscript, to Generals Wood and Smith.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Brentwood, Tenn., December 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the command will march this morning on the Franklin pike, in the same order as yesterday, but that they will not march until rations are issued, and he desires the troops moved over to the Franklin pike to obtain their rations, or to have the trains taken over to them, which ever will be the easiest or most practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Couch.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, Franklin, Tenn., December 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you get your troops over the river, if you can get the bridge before dark, and camp on ground which will be pointed out to you by some officer from these headquarters. If you cannot get the bridge before dark select any convenient ground on the north side and camp, and be ready to move out at daylight to-morrow. He further directs that, in any event, you push all your supply and ammunition trains over to-night, and part them on suitable ground, beyond the town. His headquarters will be in the house near the river, on the pike, on the north bank.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

