
Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

I think I will try to build a foot bridge and swim my horses; it will be quicker and will surprise the rebels; besides, they may have burned the other bridge. I will send you word as soon as I can see the ground in the morning.

Respectfully,

LA GRANGE,

Colonel.

P. S.-Lyon has a strong picket at the burnt bridge.

CROSS-ROADS NEAR PRINCETON, KY., December 18, 1864.

Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE:

The general commanding directs me to say that he is under the impression that General Lyon will endeavor to get back where he crossed, Petersburg or Gordonsville, and perhaps through Hopkinsville, to the mouth of Yellow Creek. If he takes a different course you have a sufficient force ot follow him and defeat him. If he takes the road that I anticipate he will, I can intercept him near Hopkinsville. Communications from you will reach me at that point, or on the road between here and there. If Lyon scatters his command to such an extent that it would be impracticable and unprofitable to pursue him, you will return to Hopkinsville with your command. As tot he propriety of this you must be the judge. I send an intelligent guide, Dr. Henry Bell, to you, who is familiar with all that country. The general will expect to hear form you as soon as possible and as often as you de necessary. If the movement of the enemy renders it necessary to leave hopkinsville to intercept him, he will leave dispatches for you indication his route.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Between Nashville and Gallatin, Tenn., December 18, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that we learn from refugees just from the Hermitage that the force of cavalry and artillery stationed there a few days past has gone in the direction of Nashville. The rebel pickets in view on the opposite side of the river have entirely disappeared, and refugees report no rebels above the mount of Stone's River. Everything quiet in this vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DOBB,

Major, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

