HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, December 18, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,Commanding District of the Etowah, in the Field:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs that you march with your command to Murfreesborough, moving by the most direct road. Upon your arrival at Murfreesborough you will turn in your transportation, for the use of regiments of the Twenty-third Army Corps which are to march from there to join their corps, under command of Brigadier-General Ruger. You will also without delay, after your arrival at murfreesborough, procure from the south sufficient cars to move your command to Decatur, where you will next proceed, and to which place Brigadier General R. S. Granger has been ordered with his command, with directions to throw into that place, by steamboat, an abundance of provisions. General Granger will re-enforce your command with as many troops as he can spare from the garrison of Decatur, retaining only sufficient to hold the place against such small force as the enemy may possibly, but not probably, send against it. You will then, with your increased force, proceed to Tuscumbia and destroy the rebel bridges over the Tennessee at that place. Before moving form Murfreesborough you will order Colonel William J. Palmer, commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to join you at such place as you may designate, and on your way to Decatur collect with your force such other cavalry as you may find, including that with General Granger. You will also order from Chattanooga the transportation belonging to your command, to move you from Decatur to Tuscumbia.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, December 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEAGHER:

The following telegram has just been received:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Franklin, Tenn., December 18, 1864-2 p. m.*

The major-general commanding directs that you immediately reoccupy Decatur road as far as Decatur, carrying supplies into Decatur by means of stem-boats. The rebel army now in full retreat down the Columbia pike, much demoralized. We have captured Ned Johnson's entire division,including himself, also Bate's division, and broken up Steventon's division.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,Brigadier-General.

I have but 1,400 infantry and 500 cavalry to carry out this order, which contemplates garrisoning the road and Decatur. Decatur is garrisoned by Roddey's command-1,000 1,500, or possibly 2,000 men, with six pieces of artillery., My force, you will see, therefore, is very small to carry out effectually this order. Can you give me any assistance? Six hundred or 800 men, I think, could be made to answer. I cannot have but 1,000 men with which to attack Decatur, without your assistance.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Recorded in Thomas "telegrams-sent" book under date of December 17. See p. 243.

---------------

