
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, December 19, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

You will see by to-day's papers that Sherman's dispatch, omitting such portions as seemed proper to be left out, has already been published. One or two paragraphs more might have done good, but being doubtful on the point, they were skipped. The weather and rains will probably stop farther pursuit of Hood, but he will have a good time getting to some safe place. What about the major-generalship; has it been won? I have directed a new draft for 300,000 men and will put on 200 [,000] more by the 1st of March, if there appears then ot be a necessity.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., December 19, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General LOGAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

The news from Thomas so far is in the highest degree gratifying. You need not go farther. Before starting to join Sherman report in Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 19, 1964-8.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

The infantry has not been able to march to-day, in consequence of the heavy rain which sent in last night and has continued all the day, rendering all the streams impassable. The cavalry, however, was enabled to advance somewhat, driving the enemy whenever they came upon him without much difficulty. We have taken a few prisoners, who, with those taken yesterday, represent Hood's army in a greatly demoralized conditio. The day has been profitably employed in concentrating and ammunition, preparatory to marching early to-morrow morning. The railroad is repaired tot he Harpeth bridge, at Franklin, and I hope to have the bridge finished to-morrow in time to have trains loaded with supplies close up tot he army to-morrow night. I have a report from Murfreesborough up to noon of the 17th instant. General Rousseau has gallantly held that place against all the attacks of the enemy. I also have reports from other points along the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and find the road has not been disturbed, except between La Vergne and Overall's Creek and for some miles south of Murfreesborough. But, with even three months' supplies in Chattanooga, no serious inconvenience would result to the troops there or along the line until the road shall be repaired. Both, with even three months' supplies in Chattanooga, no serious inconvenience would result to the troops there or along the line until the road shall be repaired. Both the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers are rising rapidly, and General Donaldson, chief quartermaster, has been ordered to resume shipments up the Cumberland at once.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

