
by the river as rapidly as possible, particularly forage. Confer with the railroad authorities, and be prepared to forward supplies by the North Alabama Railroad whenever required by the army. Colonel Le Duc is acting chief quartermaster,a nd Captain Beman acting chief commissary for the troops in the field. The major-general commanding desires you to make it your particular business to see that the proper amount of supplies are placed at the different posts and stations immediately,a nd a regular supply kept up hereafter. General Granger has been ordered to reopen the Memphis and Charleston Railroad as far as Decatur, and you are desired to be prepared to supply all that line. This line will be reopened as the army advances. The Chattanooga and Knoxville line must be resupplied as soon as that road is repaired. The Northwestern Railroad need not be used for the present. Orders will be sent when it is desirable to resume operations on that road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 19, 1864.

General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I have advices this afternoon from Franklin. The bridge is all ready to raise as soon as the water is in condition to work.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 19, 1864-1 p. m.

Major ECKERT:

This forenoon the rains have been so heavy that little progress has been made. Our cavalry skirmished with the enemy a short distance south of Spring Hill, finding Forrest in command. Rivers swelling rapidly.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MILL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 19, 1864-1 p. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that General Hatch's division, of this corps, is directed by Major-General Thomas to precede you to-morrow [19th] on the Columbia road. It is ordered to move at 6 a. m. Having no wagons or other baggage it will not delay your column materially.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

