HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, December 19, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps, near Spring Hill:

GENERAL: On account of the bad state of the weather this morning, the major-general commanding directs that your corps remain in camp to-day, and attend to getting up your trains, if there are any behind, issuing provisions, and making preparations for continuing the pursuit to-morrow. All empty wagons to be sent to Franklin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Rutherford's Creek, Tenn., December 19, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

Pursuant to orders we broke up camp at 8 o'clock this morning and advanced to Rugherford's Creek. There we found a portion of General Hatch's cavalry division had arrived and stopped by the enemy on the other side. The enemy was entrenched on the other side, having slight works thrown up on the hills on both sides of the pike, manned with infantry and a four-gun battery. I ordered up a rifle battery, which, with a battery of the cavalry, succeeded soon in silencing the enemy's guns. The opposite side of the creek being held by his sharpshooters, it was impassible to construct a bridge at the point where the turnpike crosses. Fort he purpose of driving off these sharpshooters I directed General Elliott to fell trees some distance above across the stream, for the purpose of enabling skirmisher to cross and drive out the sharpshooters, thus making a lodgment on the opposite side; but it was impossible to ding any trees that would reach across, though quite a number were cut, and the rapidity of the current would sweep the trees around. General Grose's brigade, of General Kimball's division, is now engaged in trying to construct a bridge below the turnpike crossing, and I trust for success. I have also ordered General Elliott to try and construct a bridge at the turnpike crossing. Your order of 8.30 a. m. not to break up camp was not received until 12.30 p. m., two or three hours after we reached Rutherford's Creek. Rations will be issued as ordered, and the empty wagons will be sent back to Franklin. We will continue operations early to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 19, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier General THE. J. WOOD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that, if at all possible, you will push forward your command across Rutherford's Creek to-morrow morning and move directly against Forrest, who is said to be in camp

