HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Rutherford's Creek, December 19, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The officer in charge of the bridge-builders reports that he has failed in putting a bridge across the creek, on account of not finding a tree sufficiently large to reach across. The creek is rapidly rising. Enemy's sharpshooters still in our front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Rutherford's Creek, December 19, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,Commanding Second Division:

General Wood directs me to inform you that he has just received information that General Hatch has succeeded in crossing Rutherford's Creek. If this be true, you can learn the fact by pushing your skirmishers, or rather sharpshooters, well down on each side of the pike. If on making the push you find they (the enemy) are gone, commence building a bridge at once, connecting with the pike on each side of creek; tear down houses, use everything to facilitate building the bridge; make it stout enough for artillery and trains. General Wood down not wish Hatch's dismounted men to get ahead of your skirmisher. Please report progress.

I am, your obedient servant,

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Rutherford's Creek, December 19, 1864-6.25 p. m.

Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fourth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Your communication of 4 p. m. received. My division officer of the day reports that the opposite bank of the creek is free from pickets of the enemy, but that about one regiment of the enemy occupied the hill east of and commanding the pike at the crossing of the stream, compelling the pickets to move their position. The current is very swift and creek still rising. It is not practicable to bridge the stream with the material at hand without the means of raising the logs to the pier, even should the enemy not oppose the working party. The opinion of persons more experienced in bridge-building than myself agree with the above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

