
camp between Rutherford's Creek and Columbia with about 7,000 men, while General Wilson moves Hatch's division of cavalry by the ruins of the railroad bridge and attack Forrest on flank. You will co-operate in this attack by moving your command on General Wood's left, by getting into the road leading from Spring Hill by the school-house and church near A. Atkinson's and striking the Columbia and Raleigh [Rally] Hill road near Caldwell's. This road is indicated to you, but the major-general commanding says if you can find a road near to General Wood's left flank, it will be much better to take that. Take no trains except the necessary ammunition wagons and ambulances,and leave a sufficient guard over your supply train, which can be moved forward after you have cleared the main road. If possible, the major-general commanding desires you to see Generals Wood and Wilson and arrange the relative time for starting the respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Eight Miles North of Columbia, December 19, 1864-6 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: With the exception of Hatch's division, my command is entirely without rations and nearly out of ammunition. I confidently expected the trains here last night, but I learn that the troops and trains of Wood's and A. J. Smith's corps so encumbered the road that it was impossible for our supplies to reach us. I started Hatch after the enemy on the Columbia road, but the balance of the command will have to remain here till the trains overtakes them. Jackson's division, form Murfreesborough, crossed to Spring Hill night before last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, December 19, 1864-8 a. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON:

Commanding Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss., 3 Miles beyond Spring Hill:

GENERAL: On account of the bad weather of this morning the major-general commanding thinks that you had battery not strike your camp to-day, but remain where you are and reconnoiter the country in your neighborhood, get up your ordnance and other trains, issue ammunition and provisions, and make other needed preparations for continuing the pursuit to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Also send back ambulances and a medical officer, and collect your wounded left in houses by the roadside and remove them to Franklin. All empty wagons also to be sent ot Franklin.

W. D. W.

