HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In Camp, Eight Miles North of Columbia, December 19, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Hatch succeeded in crossing two regiments dismounted over Rutherford's Creek, and drove the rebel cavalry back upon their main line. Prisoners and one man belonging to our navy just escaped say Lee's corps marched by the Pulaski pike from Columbia this morning, but that Cheatham's and Stewart's were in camp when he left. Forrest, with about 7,000 cavalry, is lying between Rutherford's Creek and Duck River. He could be dislodged quite easily by crossing a division of infantry on the pike and Hatch by the ruins of the railroad bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Spring Hill, December 19, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

Your dispatch of 4.30 p. m. to-day is received. As I wish the troops to advance in the morning, if possible, I will instruct General Wood to advance by the main road, if he can cross the creek, whilst you move Hatch's division by the ruins of the railroad bridge, as you suggest.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanidng.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 19, 1864.

Major WILLIAM P. CHAMBLISS,

Special Inspector of Cavalry, Louisville, Ky.:

MAJOR: I have directed two brigades of dismounted men to be sent back to Louisville to be mounted, armed, and equipped. The officers in command are directed to confer with you as to the most expeditions and best means of accomplishing these objects. The winter campaign, as far as these men are concerned, is over, and would prefer some delay rather than they should be hurried forward indifferently armed and mounted. I desire to impress you, and through you the authorities at Washington, with the necessity of arming all these men with the Spencer carbines. The recent active operations of this command have shown that this arm excels all others in use in durability, rapidity of firing, and general effectiveness. It has also been satisfactorily demonstrated that the ammunition was cheaper than any others in use in this corps, have not been affected by moisture, and, front he careful way i which it is prepared, it is not injured by the jostling incident to being carried on horseback. The men of this command have all behaved gallantly, and I think deserve these arms, which they are all so anxious to obtain. By giving this matter your careful attention

