
you will render invaluable service to the cavalry arm of the service. If Brigadier-General Long's command has not marched before this reaches you, I would prefer it should remain until fully armed, mounted, and equipped, as it cannot reach men now until active operations are ended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 9. Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 19, 1864.

I. This command will move forward to-morrow as follows:

The Fifth Division, General Hatch, will pursue the enemy on the direct road to the vicinity of Columbia, commencing the movement at 6 a. m.

II. The remainder of the corps will be held in readiness to move at 7 a. m., but will not move until rations are issued to the men.

III. Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, commanding Sixth Division, will proceed to Nashville with his dismounted brigade and the dismounted men of the First Brigade. The latter will be immediately prepared for the field and sent to their respective regiments, under competent officers. General Johnson will confer with Captain Green and Major Chambliss, special inspectors of cavalry, and at Nashville or Louisville, as they may determine, mount, arm, and equip the Second Brigade, and with it rejoin this command in the field as soon as possible.

IV. Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe, commanding Seventh Division, will proceed to Nashville with his dismounted brigade and the dismounted men of his other brigade. The latter will be immediately prepared for the field and sent, under competent officers, to their respective regiments. General Knipe will confer with Captain Green and Major Chambliss, special inspectors of cavalry,a nd at Nashville or Louisville, as towhee may determine, mount, arm, and equip the dismounted brigade, and with it rejoin this command in the field as soon as possible. He will also take measures to collect such of his men as may be at Murfreesborough.

By order of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, December 19, 1864.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY,Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report that I have reliable information that the rebels are crossing Green River at Ashbysburg, on rafts and be every available means, and I am following closely in the hope of striking them. My amain column is within fourteen miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

