
well established and known, and even loyal women are not to be admitted except upon the best of reasons. You are also directed to make a thorough examination of the country about Nashville for the killed and wounded of the recent battle, and have them provided for, and also collect the arms, &amp;c., found upon the field.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

[ROBT. H. RAMSEY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 19, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Shall we send forward recruits and loose men belonging to the corps now with you? There are several hundred here. I have arrested many stragglers, and am having them examined, and will put the able-bodied to work on the fortifications. My burial parties are still at work, but are nearly through. We have brought in the wounded. I have strong parties out gathering up arms and other war material. Captain Ramsey's dispatch received this morning, and the orders are being executed. General Cruft has gone. What is to be done with recruits and loose men of General Sherman who come in after this date? Please give me the news. The nation is rejoicing over what has already been done.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. MILLER,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, December 19, 1864.

Captain H. M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with telegraph dispatch received, dated December 18, fourteen miles Franklin pike, I have the honor to report myself with my mounted command here.

yours, &c.,

A. V. MATZDORFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

FRANKLIN, tenn., DECEMBER 19, 1864.

Captain H. M. CIST.

Block-house between here and Nashville is occupied. The one between here and Spring Hill will be occupied by to-morrow morning early.

A. V. MATZDORFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Spring Hill, December 19, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Colonel A. A. SMITH,Clarksville:

The major-general commanding directs that you report from time to time what you learn of the movements of the rebel General Lyon, and also of the movements of General McCook against him.

ROBHT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

