
flags. Our forces then came into Nashville, and now in line of battle with rebel army confronting them; battle will come off as soon as Hood wishes.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., December 2, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

We have news from Burbridge this morning. Our forces at Clinch Mountain. Slight skirmish with enemy yesterday. Scout reports Breckinridge at Morristown with 3,000 infantry; his cavalry at Bristol. Our forces expected to be at Bean's Station to-day. Shall I report daily?

CAREY,

Cipher Operator.

CAMP NELSON, December 2, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received a letter from a most reliable Union man in Washington County, giving an account of the most horrid outrages committed by a gang of guerrillas upon the people in that county. They have killed in a few days past some fourteen quiet, inoffensive citizens, among them one discharged soldier. I have now 150 of the Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, sent back by General Burbridge. If there [are] no orders for them to move, I respectfully request that I be allowed to send a portion of them in that region to catch these scoundrels, and then afford these people (the most of whom I know to be loyal) some relief.

S. S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 3, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Couch is not a good administrative officer for Kentucky; I would prefer Stoneman to him. The President would like to see the reports about Burbridge to which you refer. There is not disposition to retain him if there be any well-grounded complaints, but if the military authority is surrendered to a sympathizer with Bramletter, Doctor Breckinridge says it will be necessary to conquer Kentucky.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, December 3, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Every available man from Hooker's and other western departments have been sent to General Thomas. Hooker is already calling for more troops to be sent to him, guard his prisoners, and General Fry is

