
been treated very much as has been that of General Dix. This would have bound me hand and foot for action at the time an opportunity presented itself. Now I am left free to act as I think proper. I assure you, Senator, in case a raid should be attempted form Canada, I intend that somebody shall be hurt, if I have to go into Canada to do it. Then if exception is taken, it can be adjusted by negotiation afterward. I want full swing at the devils once, and I think they will never attempt to disturb out quiet a second time. Cost what it may, the property and persons of our citizens shall be fully protected while I am in the exercise of the command of his thumb.

I have requested Senator Wade to have me summoned before the committee on the Conduct of the War, and am daily expecting a reply. It is time that I should be allowed an opportunity to vindicate myself during the time I held command of the Army of the Potomac. Through the ignorance of some and the malice of others much wrong has been done. If Halleck can prevent it, he will, and he exercises as much influence over the Secretary of War as he very did. There is an infernal conspiracy on foot to promote Sherman, Sheridan,and Meade, my juniors in the Regular Army, over my head, by making them major-generals, the latter having been retained in his present position by the politicians of Pennsylvania for more than six months, they making it a condition to their support of President Lincoln. As for the other two, I am willing that they should be promoted over me, if any of the armies or the people should deem their services, in example or deed, or their qualifications equal to mine.

Sherman insulted me professionally while of his army, from envy,as every officer and soldier of that army will tell you. I hope that you and your colleagues will see that my interests are protected.

Glorious tidings from Thomas.

Have no promotions made, if this injustice is to be perpetrated.

Your friend and servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., December 20, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

I think Thomas has won the major-generally, but I would wait a few days before giving it, to see the extent of damages done. Good for the draft ordered. It is to be hoped that we will have no use for more men than we have now, but the number must be kept up. Rebel Congress is now in secret session, and it is believed they are maturing a negro conscript act. These people will all come to us, if they can, but they may be so guarded as to find it difficult to do.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Rutherford's Creek, December 20, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m. 21st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Motwithstanding the rise in Rutherford's Creek, we have succeeded in pushing the enemy's rear guard across Duck River to-day, capturing

