
some guns (verbally reported to me as being 5 in number-the report is not yet officially confirmed) and 50 or 60 prisoners. I hope to get the pontoon train up to-night in time to enable me to throw a bridge across Duck River, and continue the pursuit at an early hour to-morrow morning. I have learned to-day that the head of the enemy's column left Columbia on Sunday morning, but being encumbered with a very large train of wagons and a large pontoon train, which latter he is obliged ot take back to the Tennessee River. On the 17th I requested Admiral Lee, by telegraph, to proceed up the Tennessee River with as many iron-clads as he could secure, in order that he might prevent the enemy throwing a pontoon bridge over the river, or to destroy the bridge, if they had thrown one over. He was to have started the next day. I have also made arrangements to throw a force across the river at Decatur, and move on Tuscumbia, to seize the bridge at Florence, if possible. That force started three days ago, and, if General Granger has acted vigorously, Decatur should be in our possession to-day. If the expedition against Tuscumbia* be successful, I am confident that we shall be able to capture the greater part of Hood's army.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., December 20, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Dispatch of to-day has the following:

From Southwestern Virginia.

Telegram received yesterday from Lynchburg contain the latest intelligence we have from the raiders on the line of the Virginal and East Tennessee Railroad. From the latest of these, it appears that the Yankees on Saturday, having come to Max Meadows, ten miles this side of Wytheville, turned back toward Abindgon, destroying property of all kinds as they went. As they were returning Colonel Wither struck them at Atkins on Saturday evening about 4 o'clock and fourth them till night. Adkins is a point on the railroad seven miles this side of Marion. The result night. Adkins is a point on the railroad seventh miles this side of Marion. The result of Colonel Witcher's fight is not given. It is believed that he enemy have succeeded in destroying the machinery at the lead-work, the report that that point was guarded by General Vaughn eying untrue. From the celerity of their movements it is doubtful whether the enemy have any artillery, and some think that for the lack of this arm they have not and will not attack the salt-works. The statements of the telegraphs mentioned are based on information telegraphed to Lynchburg by officers of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, one of whom escaped from the enemy at Glade Spring, and the other went out from Lynchburg on an engine to make a reconnaissance. These officers also report that he enemy has destroyed every bridge on the railroad between Glade Spring and Max Meadows.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FRANKLIN, TENN., December 20, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I have sent out six scouts this morning-three on either flank.

J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*So recorded in Thomas' telegrams-sent book, but as received by Halleck it is Florence.

---------------

