
NASHVILLE, December 20, 1864.

Captain R. H. RAMSEY:

We are repairing the railroad to Murfreesborough and turnpike to Franklin as rapidly as possible, and have telegraphed the quartermaster at Chattanooga, via Louisville and Knoxville, to push their repairs from that point to Murfreesborough, and, as soon as open, to send forward subsistence, as they will get their portion open sooner than we will. Trains go to Franklin to-day, and will run to Murfreesborough from Chattanooga to-morrow, as I am informed.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Rutherford's creek, December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant HOLLOPETER,Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that as soon as you learn that the railroad is in operation to Athens, Ala., you will move your detachment and train by railroad to that place, and join him in the field by wagon from there, wherever you may know him to be.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 20, 1864-10 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Thomas' headquarters moved about 11 a. m. to-day, having been at Spring Hill since Sunday night. Have not heard from his telegraphers at Duck River yet; infer that they have gone on to Columbia. It stormed all yesterday, but we pressed enemy hard enough to take in 1,300 of their rear guard. Rousseau's force has joined Thomas, while Steedman takes his darkest to Murfreesborough, and Meagher brings his new troops to Tullahoma. General Granger has started for Decatur, with gun-boats supporting.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Eight Miles North of Columbia, December 20, 1864-1 a. m.

Brigadier General THE. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: I have taken the liberty of reading the inclosed instructions,* based upon the first report sent in by Hatch to me this evening. He has subsequently moved back to the north side of Rugherford's Creek, but reports that he thinks Forrest gone. I will direct General Hatch, however, to push out very early in the morning and ascertain in time the true state of affairs to enable you o judge how strongly you ought to push. I don't think it necessary for Smith to leave the pike at all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Thomas to Wood, 9 p. m. 19th, p. 269.

---------------

