HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 20, 1864-3 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: Your dispatch dated 9 a. m. [9 p. m. 19th] just received. Every effort will be made to carry out your instructions. Generals Elliott and Kimball have not yet succeeded in crossing any men over the creek. Last night two rafts were swamped and several men, two at any rate, were drowned in the attempt. The water is very deep and runs very swift.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Columbia, Tenn., December 20, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: This corps is now forming on the north bank of Duck River opposite Columbia, and is only prevented by the want of a pontoon train from crossing the river and continuing the pursuit of the enemy. It is much to be regretted that we have no pontoon train here. The river is quite high and appears to be rising, and it appears to me the only way to cross it will be by a pontoon bridge, as it will take a long time and much trouble to construct any other kind. There is no indication that there is any enemy on the south bank of the river, and every indication and report goes to show that he has retread. It is reported that his pontoon bridges over Duck River were taken up at daylight this morning. I constructed two passage-ways for infantry, about half a mile apart, over Rutherford's Creek. If the creek does not fall to-day, so as to be ford le, the rear corps should build a bridge for the passage of wagons and artillery, which we had not time to do.

Respectfully, yours,

THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Rutherford's Creek, December 20, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General THE. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Major-General Schofield has been instructed to build a treble bridge over Rutherford's Creek, so that the artillery and trains can cross. Major-General Smith will assist in getting the pontoon train over and hurry it forward to you as rapidly as possible, to enable you to throw bridges over Duck River early in the morning. It is the desire of the major-general commanding that the entire army be over the river before to-morrow night, in which case he is hopeful that the greater part of Hood's army may be captured, as he cannot possibly get his trains and troops across the Tennessee River before we can overtake him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

