HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, near Rutherford's Creek, December 20, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command to Rutherford's Creek to-morrow, and build a wagon bridge over that stream. Let the force that is detailed for that purpose commence work as early as possible in the morning. It is intended to send the pontoon bridge on direct to Duck River. The Fourth Corps and General Corps and General Smith's command will cross as soon as the bridge is completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 182. In the Field, December 20, 1864.

I. At a general court-martial, which was convened at headquarters Army of the Ohio, December 11, 1864, pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 176, from these headquarters, dated December 11, 1864, and of which Colonel I. N. Stiles, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, is president, was arraigned and tried.

W. C. McReynolds, military telegraph operator.

CHARGE: Disobeying the lawful commands of his superior officers.

Specification I.-In this, that he, the said W. C. McReynolds, was ordered by Major Campbell, assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-third Army Corps, to remain at headquarters of said corps at Columbia, Tenn., and did disobey said order by going to Franklin, Tenn. This at or near Columbia, Tenn., on or about November 27, 1864.

Specification II.-In this, that he, the said W. C. McReynolds, was orders by Major Wehry, aide-de-camp, General Schofield's staff, from Franklin, Tenn., to Columbia, Tenn., to interpret a dispatch, and that he did disobey said order, and did reply to it in words and figures as follows:

FRANKLIN, 29TH-7 a. m.

Major WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have no horse at all; mine was stolen last night. Cipher received by you yesterday repeated and translated,a nd sent via courier last night. Will return as soon as I get horse. I have escort of fifteen men.

Very respectfully,

McREYNOLDS,

Operator.

All this at or near Columbia, Tenn., on or about November 28, 1864.

To which charge and specifications the accused pleaded as follows:

To the 1st Specification, "Not guilty."

To the 2st Specification, "Not guilty."

To the CHARGE, 'Not guilty."

FINDING.

The court, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused, W. C. Mc Reynolds, military telegraph operator, as follows:

Of the 1st Specification of the charge, "Guilty."

19 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

