
getting all he can from the hospitals. Thomas was authorized some time ago to call on the Governors of any Western State for militia, if he wanted them. He himself says that no more troops should be sent from Kentucky. Loyal Kentuckians say that if Bramlette's militia are armed, a large portion of them will join the rebels. All cavalry horses that could be procured in the Western States have been sent to Nashville, to the entire neglect of other departments. I believe that every possible effort has been made to supply General Thomas' demands and wants, so far as the means at the disposition of the Government permitted. General A. J. Smith's command was thirty-one days, after General Rosecrans received the orders, in reaching Nashville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

DECEMBER 3, 1864.-For Grant to Sherman, referring to operations of Thomas' and Hood's armies, see Vol. XLIV, p. 611.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 3, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to respectfully forward the following recommendation for the promotion of Colonel Thomas J. Harrison to brigadier-general by brevet, warmly approving the same and recommending his immediate appointment, for previous gallant and honorable service in this army:

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 2, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Please ask the appointment by brevet of Colonel Thomas J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry. He is worthy and highly merits the promotion.

Yours, respectfully,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 3, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy made no demonstration to-day, except to advance his pickets about 500 yards on the Nolensville, Franklin, and Hillsborough pikes. I have a good entrenched line on the hills around Nashville, and hope to be able to report 10,000 cavalry mounted and equipped in less than a week, when I shall feel able to march against Hood. I gave the order for the impressment of horses last night, and received the authority of the Secretary of War this morning.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

