
Brown, a very intelligent woman, who conversed with many of their generals, says they will make no stand this side of the Tennessee River. Duck River is very high, and therefore cannot be passed at any point without the aid of a bridge train; one should be sent forward at once. We shall have no difficulty laying it near the turnpike crossing. Most of the rebels have probably gone by the Pulaski road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Columbia, Tenn., December 20, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Forrest came to the river-bank, under a flag ot truce, and requested an exchange of prisoners. I have just sent an officer to inform him that I have no prisoners to exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Rutherford's Creek December 20, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that you did perfectly right in telling Forrest you had no prisoners to exchange with him. Major-General Schofield has been directed to build a trestle bridge across Rutherford's Creek, and the pontoon train will be up with you to-morrow morning early, if the mules are able to haul it. If at all possible the major-general commanding desires the army to be across Duck River before to-morrow night. Hood cannot possibly get all his troops and trains across the Tennessee River before we can overtake him if we get across Duck River to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA, Franklin Creek, Jackson County, Miss., December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of the 15th is this day received.* Upon my representation to General Davidson of my extreme want of cavalry, he kindly gave me the Fourteenth New York, 250 strong, which is now arriving in my camp. My object in requesting General Davidson's cavalry to report to me was to cross it over the Big Dog or Escatawpa

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 863.

---------------

