
rear guard into the river, and compelled him to scatter about 200 of his men on this side of the river, besides abandoning his wagons and releasing a large number of conscripts. One of his men was killed, several were drowned,a nd several captured. This morning (20th) I sent a detail to Rumsey to bring the steamer D. B. Campbell, which was lying at that point; fortunately,t hey met a boat. By 12 m. my entire command will be across in good condition, and my advance fifteen miles in pursuit. I feel confident of overtaking and compelling Lyon to fight, unless he breaks his command up into squads, which I fear he will do if hard pressed. I will telegraph you of future movements at Russellville, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Eight Miles from Columbia, December 20, 1864-1 a. m.

Brigadier-General HATCH,Commanding Fifth Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: At 6 a. m. push a strong dismounted force across Rutherford's Creek, by the ruins of railroad bridge, and ascertain whether Forrest has actually withdrawn his force. Communicate at once the information obtained to General Wood, commanding Fourth Corps, who is directed to co-operate with you in the attack, if Forrest is still there. I infer from your report of this evening that you are under the impression he has withdraw. Get all the the information you can in regard to position and movements of the enemy's forces.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION CAVALRY, Parish House, December 20, 1864-5.40 a. m.

Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your order to advance at 6 a. m., written 1 a. m., of this date, just received. The railroad bridge was carried out last night. I think I can get within two miles of Columbia, at the mouth of Rutherford's Creek, and will force a crossing there. If the enemy's pontoons are not yet taken up, there is a chance of bringing guns to bear on it. I believe the enemy has left, as my dismounted men pushed him within three miles of Columbia last night.

Very truly; your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

ON FRANKLIN AND COLUMBIA PIKE, December 20, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Hatch has one brigade across the river, and will cross the other as soon as possible. He crossed at the second railroad

