
be brought up to the bridge. The mud is so deep that wagons can hardly cross. The railroad reported good to Spring Hill; nothing known here farther ahead.

WM. G. LE DUC.

FRANKLIN, December 21, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

There are fifteen pontoons here. The water has fallen so much that I do not think they will be needed. They are of the long pattern-long whale-boats-and they report they are unable to move them through the mud across the creek. Do you need them in front? Shall I try to get them over and started on, or send them back to Nashville, or let them remain here subject to further orders? I ordered a hand-car from Nashville this morning, to run out and examine and fix the telegraph line to the front; it has not been sent yet.

WM. G. LE DUC,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

FRANKLIN, December 21, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

The railroad is reported all right to Duck River, switches and all, by a person who says he has walked over it form Duck River to-day. The bridge will probably be done to-morrow at 12 m.; I do not think sooner. A company of pioneers should be put to work on the station at Duck River, if necessary, to make a good landing for stores; corduroy will be best.

WM. G. LE DUC,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, December 21, 1864.

mr. SYKES WATKINS,In Charge of Telegraphic Construction Train:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that your train follow next after, and keep closed on the supply train of the headquarters of the army,a nd it will in all respects be considered as a portion of the headquarters train. Should any other train or persons whatsoever attempt to separate train. Should any other train or persons whatsoever attempt to separate your wagons form the other portion of the headquarters train, you will show them this order and insist upon maintaining your place; should they persist in separating your wagons from the rest of the train, you will ascertain their names and report them to these headquarters for disobedience of orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

