
NASHVILLE, December 3, 1864.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Mound City:

Your telegram of yesterday received las night. My force of cavalry and infantry at Franklin being so much less than that of the enemy, I determined to fall back to this place to concentrate my infantry and give time to General Wilson to arm and equip sufficient cavalry to meet Forrest. I have here now nearly as much infantry as Hood, and in a few days hope to have cavalry enough to enable me to assume the offensive. In the meantime Captain Fitch has cheerfully complied with my request to patrol the river above and below the city. I am, therefore, in hopes we shall in a few days be able to take the offensive on petty even terms with the enemy. I regret much that my telegram of the 30th implied an order to you, which was not intended.

With many thanks for your previous prompt co-operation, I am, yours, truly,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 3, 1864.

Major SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch concerning Colonel Palmer is received. You can inform Colonel Palmer that he will return to Wauhatchie.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN F. MILLER,

Post Commandant, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you form the recruits, drafted men, and soldiers returning from furlough now in barracks, belonging to commands absent with Major-General Sherman, into battalion organization, under officers who will be ordered to report to you for this duty, of such strength as most desirable for efficient service in the garrison of this post. All soldiers belonging to the classes above mentioned reporting at this post will be placed in these organizations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN F. MILLER,

Post Commandant, Nashville:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that all officers in this city who are not on duty here under proper orders, and those whose commands are absent with Major-General Sherman, be ordered to report

