HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this a. m. with the reference to the supply of 15,000 pairs shoes and 15,000 pairs of socks for your troops. In reply I am directed to state that the most certain and expeditious way you can get these things will be for your chief quartermaster to make a requisition for them on the chief quartermaster of the army, when they can be brought up by rail as far as possible, and then by road to the army. Orders will be given, however, to have the articles desired supplied at the earliest possible moment, when requisitions are handed in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Rutherford's Creek, December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to say to you that the pontoon train will be up with you as soon as it is possible to get it up. It progresses with a great deal of difficulty, btu will be hurried forward as rapidly as possible. The major-general commanding directs me to say, also, that he desires you to have collected for the animals belonging to the pontoon train (about 500 in number) forage sufficient for two days. They have been traveling so constantly that they have been unable to forage for themselves, and are consequently much exhausted. The forage can be collected, so as to be ready for them as soon as the train reaches you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Duck River, December 21, 1864-12 m.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Your letter in reference to hurrying up the pontoon train and collecting forage has just been received. The best that can be done will be done to collect forage for the pontoon train, but I apprehend that very little can be done in that way. The cavalry has pretty effectually scoured the country and cleaned up the forage for some distance around us. I have very few wagons this side of Rutherford's Creek, and if I had ever so many it would be impassible to mover off the turnpike-they would be swamped at once. I have no horses to bring up forage. All that can be done will be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

