
II. Captain J. W. Harper, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, will proceed to Nashville, Tenn., with the enlisted men of his regiment whose terms of service have expired, for the purpose of having them mustered out of the service of the United States.

By order of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Mrs. Brown's House, December 21, 1864.

Every exertion must be made to get the forges up, in order that the horses of the command may be shod as rapidly as possible.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CAV. CORPS, MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Louisville, Ky., December Numbers 38. 21, 1864.

III. The command will move promptly at 7 a. m. on Saturday, the 24th instant. Order of march; First, division headquarters; second, Second Brigade; third, First Brigade. The trains, ambulances, and wagons will march in the rear of their respective brigades, with a rear guard behind them. The division headquarters train will march with and in advance of that of the leading brigade. Brigade commanders will take efficient measures to prevent pillaging of houses and all unnecessary destruction of property on the road. Each brigade will have a field officer of the day, who will have a general superintendence of the guards and prevent straggling, pillaging, and disasters of all kinds on the march. All officers will arrest any soldier galloping his horse, unless he is acting as an orderly or is under orders. Brigade commanders will select a good non-commissioned officer to go on the train to Nashville with what stores they may have to send that way, with three men as a guard for them. This non-commissioned officer will report will report to Lieutenant J. B. Hayden, division acting assistant quartermaster, as soon as practicable, to make arrangements for the transportation of said stores. The brigade commanders will see that each man will have two horseshoes, with nails, to carry along. The pact-mules will be packed and exerted as much as possible between this and the time of starting, and on Friday, as soon after the inspection as possible, the wagons will be loaded and everything got in readiness to move without delay. Saturday morning the command will start with four day's rations.

By command of Brigadier-General Long:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

