HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION CAVALRY, Left of Columbia Pike, December 21, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The Second Iowa drove the enemy's cavalry off the Lewisburg pike this evening. Captured 2 guns, 6 ambulances, 2 wagons, a drove of hogs and cattle. The enemy got off in the darkness.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION CAVALRY, Left of Columbia Pike, December 21, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The Second Iowa is at the junction of the Lewisburg pike and Columbia and Murfreesborough road. The force encountered was the rear guard of French, mostly Texas cavalry, from 200 to 300 strong. This force was cut off from crossing at the pontoon here, and attempted to escape toward the left, and is now scattered, and probably swimming Duck River in small squads. The Second Iowa is about fourteen miles from here, and is force enough to whip anything out there north of Duck River. The entire road is strewn with small-arms.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

E. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE, Nashville, December 21, 1864-5.20 p. m. (Received 22nd.)

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

I have just arrived from Murfreesborough. As soon as I heard of the result of the battle here, I put construction trains at work on the railroad north and south of Murfreesborough. By working all night before last, the road was repaired south of Murfreesborough in time for General Steedman's trains to come up from Chattanooga. Ten of them arrived at Murfreesborough last night. He would leave this forenoon for Bridgeport. He asked for four regiments of the troops at Murfreesborough to go on his expedition, and I directed General Milroy, just as I left, to order four of the best to report to him, which I suppose would meet your approbation. Shall I send General Milroy and his command back to Tullahoma? I shall direct the assignment of guards to the road between here and Murfreesborough as fast as it is completed. A wagon train with supplies for the troops at Murfreesborough left here to-day. I sent the train from there two days ago. Everything is in good condition there, and the railroad north of that will be completed in a few days.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

