HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., December 21, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

The Thirty-ninth Infantry Mississippi Volunteers, ordered by General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, to proceed to Nashville, Tenn., has arrived at Louisville, Ky., and 1 deem it proper to report that we have left several cases of small-pox in hospital on our route.

ED. A. KUTZNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-ninth Missouri Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA, Indianapolis, December 21, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati, Ohio:

CAPTAIN: There are 300 rebels at Hawesville, Ky., on the Ohio River, conscripting and sending to the rebel army. It is reported that from 100 to 200 are sent south from this point daily. I respectfully ask permission to send a force to the Ohio River and drive them from the border.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., December 21, 1974. (Received 23rd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In obedience to your orders I have to-day sent all effective cavalry, without a wheel accompanying them, to strike the Mobile and Ohio Railroad above Tupelo, 3,500 strong. Roads in horrible condition, and weather very bad. If successful they will, if possible, destroy the railroad as far as Meridian, and, if considered safe, they will make a dash at Catawba and attempt a release of our prisoners. General Grierson is in command. Five thousand infantry at the same time make a feint, threatening Corinth.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., December 21, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

I have to-day, general, sent all my effective cavalry, by orders of Major General H. W. Halleck, to break the Mobile and Ohio Railroad near Tupelo. I have been compelled to keep an ample force of Winslow's men for that object. Roads and weather very bad and the enemy in some force.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[DECEMBER 21, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 6, headquarters Department of Mississippi, publishing complimentary communication form General Canby Dana, see Part I, p. 780.]

