
the day. In crossing to-day we captured about 50 prisoners in a rebel hospital, with about 250 rebel wounded and about 50 of our own wounded. Prisoners, on being questioned, stated substantially that Hood's army is greatly demoralized, nearly half of which is unarmed; that the greater portion of hte infantry left here two days ago for Pulaski; that five brigades of infantry and Forrest's cavalry now constitute Hood's rear guard, and this force left the vicinity of Columbia this morning upon our approach. I shall push forward rapidly in the morning, and endeavor to overtake him before he reaches the Tennessee River.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 22, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

In cases where persons have been conscripted into the rebel ranks since Hood crossed the Tennessee River, and have never been sworn into their service, and have been captured, many of them if fact, in the act of deserting, would it not be well to release them on satisfactory proof of the facts? General Webster thinks he has no power in the matter, but will act with your approval. I think it would have a good effect to set such persons at liberty. Some of these are cases of hardship. Any assistance proof of the facts? General Webster thinks it would have a good effect to set such persons at liberty. Some in examination of these cases will be cheerfully furnished General Webster in making his decisions as to who shall be released.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 22, 1864-7.20 p. m.

Brevet Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Will have railroad through to Thomas' rear, at Columbia, to-night, and to Murfreesborough within a day or two. Road from Murfreesborough south all right. Trains running thence to Chattanooga and Huntsville, which we occupied yesterday. Great many cars conveying troops will reach Huntsville from Murfreesborough to-night or early in the morning, and push straight for Decatur. Will have road then, via Huntsville, repaired by Saturday.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, December 22, 1864.

General 	W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Have already ordered forage forward, as requested in Captain Ramsey's telegram of the 20th; have also two steamer-loads to Eastport with subsistence ordered there.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

