
to you for assignment to duty in the battalions of recruits, &amp;c., ordered to be formed at this place under your orders. All offices coming to this place who cannot rejoin their commands for duty will be ordered to report to you for like assignment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Captain LE ROY FITCH,

Commanding Squadron, Nashville, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to say that inasmuch as the enemy has made no attack to-day, and great uncertainty attends his movements, he thinks it unsafe to trust the courier-line between Gallatin and Carthage to bring us information of any attempt which might be made by the rebels to cross the river above here, and is of the opinion that to render us secure, you had better patrol the river as far as Carthage with at least one iron-clad and two gun-boats, if you think there is sufficient water in the channel to enable you to do it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 3, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I am here, and there shall be no delay in reporting in person to the general.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Captain J. F. RUSLING,

Acting Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to say that the garrison in block-houses from Edgefield Junction to Clarksville, reporting to Colonel T. J. Downey, Fifteenth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, remain in their present position, guarding the line of the railroad and the property of the United States along it, until further orders. Colonel Downey will keep himself well advised of the movements of the enemy, and give timely notice of their approach, so that orders for his withdrawal may be issued from these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

