HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Columbia, December 22, 1864.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,Superintendent of Repairs, U. S. Military Railroads:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has had the railroad examined to-day up to Duck River, and to give you to following as the result of the examination: The first and second bridges over Carter's Creek are but little damaged; the third is all gone but the debris, which is three-quarters of a mile down the creek; the fourth all down, but wreck there; the fifth all down, and portion of wreck there. Duck River bridge gone, but trestle on south side of the river complete to the bank of the river. Between the third and fourth bridges there is a pile of bridge timber, and there is also a general commanding wishes you to make every effort and push forward the work of repair as rapidly as possible, as it is absolutely necessary that the railroad be opened up in the shortest possible time so as to subsist and forage the army. Please acknowledge receipt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 22, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I learn that the railroad is open to Huntsville now. I had better move by rail to Huntsville, and then by wagons to Athens. If so, I can move at once.

J. L. HOLLOPETER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 22, 1864-10.30 p .m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General Thomas' headquarters broke camp this morning to cross Duck River, and at this hour his telegraph office has not been again opened, so no news from him. Trains will run to Columbia to-morrow, and railroad to Chattanooga will be repaired in a week at he latest.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Duck River,

Tenn., December 22, 1864.

The train of the headquarters of the army in the field, including the telegraph construction train, will, while on the road, have the right of way over all other trains whatever, and all troops and trains are ordered to make way for it whenever required by the officer in charge.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

