HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have at Knoxville about 1,000 feet of pontoon bridge, which might be made available for crossing the Tennessee, if you need it. It might be floated down, under convoy of the gun-boats, to the point where you desire to use it.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I desire to ask the attention of the War Department to the necessity of taking some steps to preserve the organization of the Twenty-third Army Corps. The terms of service of nearly all the regiments composing it will expire during hte summer and early autumn of 1865. It contains only three veteran regiments and six three-years regiments organized under the call of 1863; the remainder are three-years regiments, whose terms of service are nearly expired, and new one-years regiments. I respectfully authority to re-enlist all of my regiments and batteries which have served more than two years for one, two, or three years, as they may elect, and to grant them after re-enlistment furloughs for thirty days, according to the rules heretofore observed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 22, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the order directing me to proceed to Murfreesborough and take command of and move with certain regiments therein named, from that point to Columbia. Tenn., or to the Twenty-third Army Corps, and which order bore date December 19, was not received by me until the afternoon of the 21st, the orderly who brought it giving as a reason that he could not find my headquarters and the sickness of his horse. I kept the same quarters as when the corps was here, and the order would have duly reached me either by the post headquarters or Captain Stone, of General Thomas' staff. I regret to have to report that I was not able, owing to illness, to go myself to Murfreesborough, as the order required and as I presume was desired by the major-general commanding on account of the regiments having but little experience. I saw Major-General Rousseu on his arrival here on the 21st, who informed me that the regiments were under competent commanders. As soon after receipt of the order as possible I sent orders by my aide-de-camp for the regiments to move at once, under the command of the senior colonel, to Columbia, or wherever the Twenty-third Army

