
Corps might be, and report to me at Columbia, if I should be there, which I hope to be, or if not, to the commanding officer of the corps. General Rousseu told me that, at the request of General Steedman, he had directed General Milroy to detail four of the best regiments at Murfreesborough to report to and go with General Steedman, and I fear that some of the regiments assigned to the Twenty-third Army Corps may have gone with General Steedman. I directed my aide-de-camp, Mr. Binney, to see General Milroy at once on his arrival and deliver a letter form me, and also show him my order, so that, unless too late, any of the regiments belonging to the Twenty-third Army Corps which might have been ordered to report to General Steedman could be recalled. I made an earnest appeal to General Milroy, in the event of General Steedman having left Murfreesborough, to furnish me transportation, as contemplated by my order for General Steedman to do. There is no transportation to be had here; I cannot get a wagon even for my personal baggage and that of my staff. In relation to the batteries of the First Division, I think that Captain Paddock's battery, the guns of which are to be turned in, and most of the material of which has been inspected and condemned, had better remain here until the order on the inspection is received. Captain Nicholson's battery I have directed to be ready to join the corps by the first opportunity for escort. So soon as I hear from my aide-de-camp at Murfreesborough that matters are attended to there, I shall start for Columbia. I think the regiments will be able to leave Murfreesborough by the 24th. The railroad trains are not running to Murfreesborough, and I was unable to get any escort from here until the 22nd.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding First Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Rutherfords' Creek, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you march your command to this place to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to call the attention of the commanding general to the severe suffering of the line officers of the command in inclement weather like the present and under the existing rules with regard to transportation. From the time we left Nashville until last night these gentleman had no shelter and only such food as they could obtain from the private soldier-being far worse off than the men, since the latter had their shelter-tents and their rations

