
in haversacks. The officers' rations and their cooking utensils are in the regimental wagons, which are necessarily left behind in movements such as we have lately made, and they must either furnish themselves with knapsacks and haversacks, and carry their cooking utensils upon their own persons or those of their servants, or be utterly destitute. Even if they do this, the wagons of the commissary of subsistence are also at the rear, except upon ordinary days of issue, and it would be necessary to issue to them precisely as is done to the soldiers in the ranks, and so break down the last vestige of distinction in mode of life between them and their commands. As it is, I state what I know from personal observation when I say, that no individuals in any way connected with the army are enduring so much personal suffering and privation upon the present campaign as the most desirous to make any arrangement which is feasible to reduce the amount of discomfort, I take the liberty of suggesting that during the winter campaign the transportation for each regiment be one wagon for regimental headquarters and for company books and papers, desks, &amp;c., as now, and, in addition, one pack-mule for each company. The pack-mules make little or no obstruction in the road, are easily moved to flank or rear in case of maneuver of troops, and will be up with the command when the regiment goes into camp. Unless some such arrangement is made, I fear many of our officers will break down in health, and many more, becoming disgusted with the hardships of the service, and especially with the difference between themselves and their more fortunate brethren of the staff and staff corps, will seek to leave the army. In many commands some similar arrangements to the one I have suggested have been surreptitiously made, but as I have rightly enforced the rule turning over to the quartermaster all unauthorized animals, I am the more desirous of obtaining for the gentlemen of the line whom I have the honor to command such authority to regulate their transportation as will save them from the apparently unnecessary hardships they have of late endured, without detracting from the mobility of the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

The suggestions of General Cox are approved, and will be carried out as soon as possible. The quartermaster will be ordered to furnish the necessary pack-mules. Until this can be done the baggage wagons will move immediately after their divisions, except in case of absolute necessity.

J. M. S.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Near Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

Commanders of divisions and detached brigades will take measures immediately to send all horses that are unfit for active service back to Nashville. These horses will be inspected carefully by brigade inspectors, and will then be placed in charge of a detail of men under a competent officer. This detail will be at the rate of one man to every eight

