
Wilson leaves it entirely to your discretion as to when you shall abandon the pursuit of Lyon. The troops in Kentucky can take care of the guerrilla bands resulting from the dispersion of Lyon's command.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOPKINSVILLE, December 22, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Bvt. Brigadier General L. D. WATKINS:

The general commanding directs that you send a dispatch to Colonel Welling, directing him to return with his command without delay and to bring the guides he has captured to these headquarters. I am instructed to inform you that the command will not move to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOPKINSVILLE, December 22, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General L. D. WATKINS:

I am instructed by the general commanding to inform you that Lyon has crossed Green River at Ashbysburg, and La Grange is in pursuit. Your command will move at 7.30 a. m. on the morning of the 23rd instant. The general further directs that you inform the battery of the intended movement, and give it a place in your column. The Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, Major Arneck commanding, with the exception of the company which has not yet been mustered in, and which the exception of the company which has not yet been mustered in,and which will proceed to Russellville for that purpose, will remain as a garrison at this place. Major Aneck will receive his instructions from these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LONG VIEW, KY., December 22, 1864-5 a. m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division:

I have followed this force from about ten miles from Hopkinsville on the Bulter road. Lyon, with his command, has crossed Green River, and this is a detachment of his command which was cut off. They are estimated between twenty-five and forty-five men. I have captured two of their guides, and both tell the same story. I have not been able to hear of any large force. Shall I follow this force to the river, or return? I will move slowly down the pike till I hear from you.

Respectfully, &amp;C.,

GEO. WELLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Kentucky Cavalry.

