
ON BOARD STEAMER STONE RIVER, Off Whitesburg, December 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Owing to the unusually severe weather, high wither, height winds, snow, and fogs, my miserable fleet of transports could not be gotten to Decatur until 12 m. to-day, where I found the enemy, advised of our approach, has been largely re-enforced, his garrison being now 2,000, and his guns increased to nine, three heavy pieces added to his field battery. My command, from exposure on boats, is reduced to 1,200. I have on this account not believed it practicable to assault the works until I can be re-enforced by General Steedman. My forces have possession of the road to Huntsville. The railroad bridges and roads in running order to that place. Colonel Lyon reported that Roddey was ordered to hold Huntsville at all hazards, and also informed that it was Hood's intention to make Decatur his main position, with his right resting at Huntsville.

R. S. GRANGERE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Duck River, December 22, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN F. MILLER,Commanding Post of Nashville:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 26th instant, concerning the disposition to be made of those men of the Army of Savannah, and others, has been received. You will issue to orders from your office sending the men to Savannah, stating in the orders from your office sending the men to Savannah, stating in the order that it is pursuant to instructions from the major-general commanding the department. You can commence forwarding the detachments immediately. The major-general commanding thinks it is best that the detachments belonging to the army here who were left behind guarding property be kept together in the camp you have established, until their respective commanders send for them. In the meantime you will exercise control over them. The garrison of Nashville will not be diminished at present, but will be temporarily increased by those Missouri regiments now on their way there, and which you can retain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., December 23, 1864-6 p. m.

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I think it would be appropriate now to confer on General Thomas the vacant major-generally in the Regular Army . He seems to be pushing Hood with energy, and I doubt not but he will completely destroy that army.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

