
NASHVILLE, TENN., December 3, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General Thomas has made every preparation for receiving and repelling an attack early to-morrow. Our earth-works reach from the Cumberland on the right to the Cumberland on the left, distant about two miles from Capitol, average distance, forming nearly half circle, with second line in weak places; it is a very strong line and strongly held-the Sixteenth Corps on right, Twenty-third in center, and Fourth on left. Some skirmishing has occurred to-day, and, upon a rebel column showing in the fields, near Franklin road, our artillery opened with shell and sent them to cover. Nothing heard from Forrest, but General Wilson is looking after him, and no apprehension is felt. No telegraph south from Nashville, of course; but we communicate with Chattanooga by the way of Cumberland Gap and Knoxville. All quiet there.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 331. Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. So much of special field orders of November 27, 1864, from these headquarters, as assigns the following named regiments to the fourth and Twenty-third Army Corps is hereby revoked, and the commanding officers of the respective regiments will report without delay for duty to Major General A. J. Smith: Fortieth Missouri Volunteer Infantry and Tenth Kansas Volunteer Infantry, to Fourth Army Corps. Forty-fourth and Forty-second Missouri Volunteers Infantry, Twenty-third Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

V. The One hundred and eighty-second Ohio Volunteers is hereby assigned to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and will relieve the One hundred and seventy-third Ohio Volunteers from duty with Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Upon being relieved the One hundred and seventy-third Ohio Infantry will report to Major-General Rousseau for assignment to duty that division.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Fourth Corps.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

