HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Columbia, Tenn., December 23, 1864-7 a. m.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Corps for to-day, December 23, 1864:

This command will make immediate preparations to march, and will move as soon as the cavalry passes by on the Pulaski road, in the following order: First, General Kimball's division; then General Elliott's division; then General Beatty. Each division will be followed by one battery, five ammunition wagons, ten ambulances, four wagons for division headquarters, and three for each brigade. Two wagons and two ambulances for corps headquarters will follow the leading division. If any other wagons than those specified are put in the column, all will be thrown out and be required to march with the baggage train. Artillery Brigade headquarters will follow the batteries, and the batteries, save the three with the divisions, will follow the troops.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

J. S. FULLERTON,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Duck River, Tenn., December 23, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs that you issue five days' rations to 300 sick and wounded, our own and rebel, in hospital at Columbia. All wagons, emptied, can be immediately sent back to Spring Hill to reload.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Columbia, Numbers 185. Tenn., December 23, 1864.

I. General Orders, Numbers 60, current series, headquarters Department of the Ohio, are hereby modified to read as follows: One wagon will be allowed for each regimental headquarters and for carrying company books, papers, &amp;C., and one pack-mule to each company of infantry to carry officers' baggage.

* * * *

IV. The chief quartermaster of the army in the field will furnish the wagons and pack-mules required to carry out the provisions of paragraph I, Special Field Orders, Numbers 185, current series, from these headquarters, as soon as practicable, and, until the pack-mules are furnished, the baggage wagons will habitually move with the divisions.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J . A. CAMBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

