HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Columbia, December 23, 1864.

Brevet Major-General WILLSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: Two scouts from these headquarters who crossed the river yesterday and have been some seven miles south of this place have just come in. They report that the entire rebel army has gone on the turnpike from this point to Pulaski; at that place it is reported that they were to divide-the infantry going to Lamb's Ferry, eighteen miles below Florence, while their transportation and artillery go to Decatur. They report that the artillery horses have all given out, and the guns are being hauled by oxen. They report Forrest's cavalry as being in fair condition, but state that the citizens say it does not amount to more than 1,500 mounted, while their dismounted force is some 3,500. The bulk of the latter are very much out of spirits; they are without shoes, and would give themselves up, if pushed. The major-general commanding directs that this information be furnished you for such action as you deem advisable. If the guns are hauled by oxen your cavalry may be able to overtake them, and add them to those we already have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY BUREAU, OFFICE OF SPECIAL INSPECTOR, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Louisville, Ky., December 23, 1864.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 19th instant, and to state in reply that I have this day written to Major Price on the subject of arming all the cavalry in the Military Division of the Mississippi with the Spender carbine. I inclose to him your letter, with the urgent request that everything be done possible to carry your wishes into effect. I have asked him to inform me at once what can be done, and how many of that arm I may expect monthly. So soon as his answer is received I will communicate the same to you, so that you can see what to expect. I shall continue to do all in my power, general, not only to meet your wishes, but in all things to try and keep your corps as well mounted and equipped as possible, and that with as little delay [as possible]. If everything has not been done that was desired, you may rest assured it was because the means was not at my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHAMBLISS,

Major 4th U. S. Cav. and Special Insp. Cav., Mil. Div. of the Miss.

SPECIAL FIELD HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION ORDERS, OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Warfield House, December 23, Numbers 12. 1864.

I. The Cavalry Corps will move to-morrow morning in pursuit of the enemy, in the following order:

First. General Croxton's brigade, on the Pulaski pike, at 5 a. m., followed by General Hammond's brigade at 5.30, by Hatch at 6, and Colonel Harrison at 6.30.

