
II. The whole command will pass by the front of the infantry, and, when the enemy is encountered, will dispose itself for attack in the following manner: Croxton and Hammond on the right of the road, Hatch on the left, and Harrison ready to act on either flank. It is expected that the infantry under General Wood will be close enough to make all direct attacks, and leave the cavalry to operate on the flanks and rear of the enemy's rear guard.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TRENTON, December 23, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

I divided my force near Princeton, and sent La Grange toward Green River. He struck Lyon's rear crossing Green River, got his train, some prisoners, and drowned some. Part of his command scattered, and are trying to get through to the Cumberland River in small squads. My men will scour the country to pick them up. Lyon has lost fully half his command, and La Grange is on the other side of Green River in pursuit of the rest. I left a garrison, from Johnson's (Seventeenth Kentucky) regiment, at Hopkinsville, and will move by easy marches from here toward Nashville, unless an ordered from you directs otherwise. A telegraph sent to Russellville will catch me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Brevet Major-General Wilson.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SEVENTH DIVISION, Near Columbia, December 23, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report my whole command in camp. Good camp and water, but, arriving after dark, find trouble in getting forage, but will, I think, obtain a feed. The column having passed General Wilson's headquarters too far to turn back, I have placed it on the right of the pike half a mile, say two miles south of headquarters, on Hatch's right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Columbia, December 23, 1864.

Major General J . B. STEEDMAN,

Stevenson, Ala.:

(To be forwarded.)

Your telegram of yesterday is received. The major-general commanding directs me to say in reply that your proposed movement meets his approbation, and that the reported occupation of Decautr by the

