
enemy is substantially the same as has been learned here. There is a report, and corroborated by prisoners who have been separately examined, that Hood will attempt to cross the Tennessee at Decatur. If this report be found correct, and you are able to detain him until these forces get up, or prevent his crossing altogether, by destroying his bridge, the major-general commanding hopes to capture and destroy the greater portion, if not all, Hood's army.

Respectfully,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, December 23, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Stevenson or Larkinsville:

I have reports which are entitled to some credit that Forrest is advancing on us from the north and will attack early to-morrow morning. I have sent out scouts.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD DEFENSES, Huntsville, December 23, 1864.

Lieutenant SAMUEL M. KNEELAND,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Whitesburg, Ala.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of last evening at 5 o'clock this morning. The last we heard of General Steedman's command was that the advanced trains had passed Decherd at about 7 o'clock last evening. The wires are all right, but we get no response from any point east this morning. Three construction trains came over the road yesterday from Chattanooga, and are now here. Steedman's command will be delayed some to get wood and water, but will doubtless commence arriving here in a few hours. We hear nothing of the condition of the railroad toward Decatur, only that it is intact for six miles below, except that a small culvert is burned. All quiet here. We had a second -hand negro report last evening that the enemy were bringing up troops by rail to Indian Creek with the intention of attacking us. A scouting party last evening in that direction failed to see anything of him. Colonel Prosser has gone this morning with the most of his command on a more extended scout in that direction. We scouted yesterday several miles on Fayetteville and Athens roads, but did not find any enemy. We got no news of either Hood or Thomas. The absence of Colonel Prosser's command will account for the small escort I send the general. All is quiet, however, in that direction. I am in the Wheedon House, and shall be happy to entertain general and any of his staff who may accompany him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin Vet. Vol. Infantry, Commanding.

