
PADUCAH, December 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The Third Illinois Cavalry have been ordered from this place, leaving here a detachment of Kentucky State Guard, whose time expires next week, thus leaving only seventy mounted men in this district. I would respectfully request leave to retain the detachment of Merritt's Horse, numbering 200 men, now at Cairo, Ill.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER LOUISVILLE, Louisville, Ky., December 23, 1864.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: Three soldiers arrived here to-day from Hartford, Ky., where they, together with the small garrison there, were captured and paroled by the rebel General Lyon on the 20th instant. They inform me that Lyon was there with his whole force and moved them in the direction of Bowling Green. They estimated his forces at 5,000-too much, certainly. The garrison was small, but a detachment from the Fifty-second Kentucky. McCook was reported as crossing Green River in pursuit.

I am, very respectfully,

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Vols., Military Commander.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT, Cincinnati, Ohio, December 23, 1864.

Bvt. Major General A. P. HOVEY,Commanding District of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.:

GENERAL: I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated December 21, 1864, requesting that permission be granted you to send a force from your command across the Ohio River, to drive from the border a rebel force of 100 men reported at Hawesville, Ky., and in reply to state, that your letter has been referred to the commanding officer at Louisville, requesting him to send a force to capture or drive from the [border] the band of rebels referred to . The general commanding feels a delicacy in sending a force into another department. The commanding officer at Louisville was notified that a force would be sent from this department if requested by him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, December 24, 1864-3.18 p .m. (Via Nashville, Tenn.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Headquarters Department of the Cumberland:

With great pleasure I inform you that for you skill, courage, and conduct in the recent brilliant military operations under your command,

