
the President has directed your nomination to be sent to the Senate as a major-general in the U. S. Army, to fill the only vacancy existing in that grade. No official duty has been performed by me with more satisfaction, and no commander has more justly earned promotion by devoted, disinterested, and valuable service to his country.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, TENN., December 24, 1864-8 a.m .

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram of 22nd instant is just received. I am now, and shall continue to push Hood as rapidly as the state of the weather and roads will permit. I am really very hopeful that either General Steedman or Admiral Lee will reach the Tennessee in time to destroy Hood's pontoon bridge, in which event I shall certainly be able to capture or destroy almost the entire army now with Hood.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, McKane's Church, Pulaski Road, Tenn., December 24, 1864-11 p. m. (Received 9 p. m. 25th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

Have just heard from General Wilson, who was, at 5.30 p. m., six miles from Pulaski. He had been driving Forrest all day, without being able to bring him to an engagement. Late in the evening he made a short stand north of Richland Creek, but Croxton got in on his left and compelled him to retire precipitately to the south side of the creek, where he made a second short stand, but was again driven back. Croxton captured a few prisoners. Forrest has under his command as rear guard Brown's and Walthall's divisions of infantry, and Buford's and Jackson's divisions of cavalry. The infantry encamped last night north of Lynnville, and will probably encamp at Pulaski to-night. A few regiments of Hatch's division, sent to Mount Pleasant and Campbellsville, encountered a force of cavalry at the latter place. The force will be directed to continue the march in the direction of Lawrenceburg and La Fayette. Brigadier-General McCook reports from Trenton, Ky., that he had encountered the rebel General Lyon and scattered his command, except a few that crossed Green River with Lyon, going north, which latter Colonel La Grange encountered near where he crossed Green River, whipping it badly, capturing his train, and driving his rear guard into the river, killing some and causing others to be drowned. It appears, however, from a telegram of the agent of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to Brigadier-General Donaldson, of this date, that a rebel force, supposed to be Lyon's, had captured Nolin's Station, on that road, burned Nolinsville bridge, and captured a train of cars.

As General Long has either left Louisville or will leave to-morrow, I will telegraph him to look after this rebel force as he comes down.

