
Advices have been received from General Granger to the 22nd instant. His forces had possession of the railroad as far as Huntsville, but having learned that the enemy had possession of Decatur with a force of 2,000 men, and his force only numbering 1,250, he deemed it more prudent to await the arrival of General Steedman, daily expected, before moving against Decatur.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 24, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Applications are made by Governors of States to raise new regiments of volunteers under the recent call for 300,000 men by new regiments. The desire of the Department has been, as fare as practicable, to raise recruits for old regiments, and thus keep up their organization. Before any authorization to raise new regiments are given, the Secretary of War desires your views on the subject. Please reply fully by telegraph.

THOS. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

Three Missouri regiments have just arrived. Do you want them to go to the front, or shall they return to Missouri?

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 24, 1864.

General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Agent of Louisville road reports rebel General Lyon at Nolin Station, beyond Sonora, having burned Nolin bridge and captured train of cars there yesterday; also burned Glendale Depot and pillaged it generally. Lyon reported at 1,500 strong, and no Union force near him. Up trains from here to-day stopped at Cave City.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 24, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

In order to sustain and provide for wants of army, I have sent an officer, Captain F. H. Ruger, assistant quartermaster, to take charge of advance depot of army, to establish himself and stores as far front

