
always as he can, and so follow you up as railroad progresses. Have sent two other officers to report to him to-day. twenty days' grain on hand and plenty of subsistence.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 349. McKane's Church, Tenn., December 24, 1864.

I. The Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry will proceed to Nashville, Tenn., and there await the arrival of the Second Cavalry Division, to which it belongs.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Three Miles from Lyonsville, December 24, 1864-11.40 a. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: From the nature of the ground I find it impossible to move off of the turnpike,a nd as the head of my column is constantly skirmishing with the enemy's rear guard my progress is necessarily slow. I beg, therefore, that you will not become impatient, as I am pushing forward as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Duck River Bridge, December 24, 1864-4 p. m.

General WOOD:

Our trains are just getting in with six days' rations. I saw General Thomas, but he would not give an order for supply train to pass tot he exclusion of other trains. The bridge broke many times last night and this a. m., but is working well this p. m. The troops of A. J. Smith are all over, but not his batteries. The cavalry train is passing now, and will get over by dark, if the bridge continues to work well; then Smith's batteries pass over; then comes our turn. If nothing happens to the bridge tonight the rations will get up to-morrow. I would suggest, however, that he men be a little saving of their rations, for fear of some accident. We will do everything we can to get the rations, forward, though. They are just going to work putting down another bridge. Fished out three pieces of artillery from the river this morning.

I am, your obedient servant,WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

