
and only one of them, Colonel John S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, now remains on duty in the field. In the battle of Franklin, November 30, and in the battles in front of Nashville, December 15 and 16, Colonel Casement has given additional evidences of his gallantry and efficiency as a brigade commander. I therefore have the honor to renew my recommendation for his promotion, and respectfully request that it may be forwarded with your favorable indorsement to the War Department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL . DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, On Middle South of Lynnville, December 24, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: I am driving the enemy rapidly, without much fighting. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Richland Creek, Seven Miles from Pulaski, December 24, 1864-5.30 p .m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Our advance is between five and six miles form Pulaski. We have driven Forrest all day without bringing him to and engagement. Late this evening he made a short stand north of Richland Creek, but Croxton got in on their left and compelled them to retire precipitately to the south side of the creek, where they made another short stand, but were again driven back. Croxton captured a few prisoners, and among them Captain Turk, inspector-general of one of Buford's (Lyon's old) brigades. The ladies at whose house I have headquarters, relatives of General Buford, say that he received a slight flesh wound in the leg, but is still able to ride. Forrest has under his command as rear guard Brown's and Walthall's divisions of infantry, Buford's and Jackson's divisions of cavalry. The infantry camped north of Lynnville last night, and marched from there at about 9 a. m., and I have heard of it all along from citizens, who say it was marching rapidly for Pulaski, where it will probably camp to-night. The regiment sent by General Hatch toward Mount Pleasant and Campbellsville encountered a force of cavalry at the latter place. I will direct them to move to morrow toward Lawrenceburg, and will send a party to-morrow toward La Fayette. The rebels have burned the railroad bridges as far down as this, but we crowded them so closely that they were unable to destroy the pike bridge across Richland. Our progress has not been as rapid to-day as I expected, but it was rather from the difficult nature of the country than the resistance of the enemy. I will push out at an early hour in the morning and try to get in on their flanks if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

