HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Richland Creek, Tenn., December 24, 1864-6 p .m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from Armstrong' brigade says he hard General Armstrong say this morning that Hood was moving the main force of the rebel army toward Decatur, and that their troops had begun crossing there yesterday . The deserter also says that it is the impression among the troops that the trains were sent to cross at Florence, and it is supposed that Chalmers' division is on the Pleasant Hill and Lawrenceburg road. The stories of the rebels in regard to Sherman's situation are ludicrous. They say he offered to surrender his whole command, provided they were paroled. The Confederates refused to take them on these terms. They say they have "gobbled" him, and that Beauregard is going to re-enforce Hood with the militia 25,000 strong. Croxton captured a battle-flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, McKane's Church, Pulaski Road, December 24, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss., Richland Creek:

Your dispatch of this 5.30 p. m. is received, and the major-general commanding directs me to say that your intention to push on in the morning is approval. It would be well for you to continue a pretty strong force covering your right. Your progress is not considered slow, under the circumstances, but, on the contrary, is quite satisfactory to the major-general commanding. Such orders have been given as is hoped will bring up your train by to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION ORDERS, OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Richland Creek, Tenn.,

Numbers 13. December 24, 1864.

The Cavalry Corps will move to-morrow in pursuit of the enemy, in the following order:

I. Harrison's brigade, in advance, at 5 a.m ., followed by Hammond's, and then Hatch's division, and then Croxton's brigade.

II. When the country will permit of it the command will move off the road by the flanks of brigades in the following order, from right to left: General Croxton, General Hammond, Colonel Harrison, General Hatch, batteries and ambulances and wagons moving upon the pike.

III. Every effort should be made to push the enemy as rapidly as possible.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,,

Major and assistant Adjutant-General.

