
LOUISVILLE, KY., December 24, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Enemy still in the vicinity of Elizabethtwon, coming toward Muldraugh's Hill, where there are two high trestles, which they want to burn. Re-enforcements have been sent there to defend the place, but have fears will not be enough. Reported that Nolin's bridge and two others small ones have been destroyed near the town.

SAM. BURCH.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 99. Lexington, Ky., December 24, 1864.

I. The One hundred and twenty-second U. S. Colored Infantry is assigned to the Second Division, Military District of Kentucky. the commanding officer will report for orders to Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, commanding Second Division.

* * * *

By command of Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MULDRAUGH'S HILL, December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:L

Latest intelligence: General Lyon has his headquarters half a mile northeast of Elizabethtown, on the Bardstown turnpike. His force divided-part on Bardstown pike, and other part went of railroad; evidently intends to attack from both front and rear; is waiting for reenforcements; intends to move soon as they reach; has six pieces 12-pounder brass guns. Probably he intends to be in readiness to open on us by daybreak in the morning.

CHAS. E. BEHLE,

Major, Commanding.

MULDRAUGH'S HILL, December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

The latest report that I have is that General Lyon's force is this side Elizabethtwon. He captured about 200 Federal soldiers at that place and paroled them . His force was estimated at 2,500, with three 12-pounder howitzers, at any rate, and perhaps more artillery. Paroled prisoners state his men were talking confidently of capturing the bridges and forts at Muddraugh's Hill to-day. Lyon's headquarters were a mile this side of Elizabethtwon, I judge on the Bradstown turnpike, this morning, after leaving Elizabethtwon. I think his entire force is east of the railroad. From the Bardstown turnpike he can strike easily either Forts Sands, Boyle, or Jones. Have made all preparations possible with the small force we have. Think Lyon's force marched and worked all night, and that they have been resting during this forenoon a short distance this side of Elizabethtown.

H. F. POTTER,

Captain, Commanding.

