HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, McKane's Church, Pulaski Road, December 25, 1864-8 a. m. (Received 6 p. m.)

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON,Secretary of Work, Washington, D. C.:

I am profoundly sensible of your kind expressions in your telegram of December 24, informing me that the President had directed me name to be sent to the Senate for confirmation as major-general U. S. Army, and I beg to assure the President and yourself that your approbation of my services is of more value to me than the commission itself.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Richland Creek, Six Miles from Pulaski, December 25, 1864-10 p .m. (Received 3 a. m. 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

I forward the following dispatch, received from General Wilson, for your information:

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Pulaski, December, 25, 1864-9.10 a. m.

My advance, Colonel Harrison commanding, drove the rebels through this place half past 8 on the keen jump. Forrest, with Jackson's and Buford's divisions, is scarcely out of sight. Everything has gone on the road to Lamb's Ferry, the original intention of going to Decatur having been abandoned for fear they would be intercepted. They are trying to reach Florence. I will crowd them ahead as fast as possible. They are literally running away, making no defense whatever. I will open communication with the column in the direction of Huntsville. The rebels have destroyed a large quantity of ammunition, but the bridge across Richland Creek has been saved, thanks to the gallantry of Colonel Baird, commanding Fifth Iowa.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

I learn from the chief engineer that he will soon have the road open as far as Columbia; from thence to Pulaski will be but a small matter. Colonel Prosser, with 200 men, fought and dispersed 600 men of Roddey's command that morning at Indian Creek, killing several and capturing 60 prisoners and 50 horses. He routed the enemy utterly, and pursued them several miles. Our loss, 1 killed and 3 wounded. Indian Creek heads in Huntsville and empties into Hurricane Creek just above its mouth. Have not yet heard from Admiral Lee, but feel convinced that the water in the Tennessee enables him to get above Eastport, and that he is a performing good service. I have my troops well in hand and well provided with provisions and ammunition, and close upon the heels of the enemy, and shall continue to press him as long as there is a chance of doing anything.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

