HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Richland Creek, December 25, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to forward the recommendation of Major General J. M. Schofield, commanidng Army of the Ohio, for the promotion to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers of two of his staff officers,* and to concur with him in such recommendation; also the recommendation of Brigadier General T. J. Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps, for the promotion of two deserving colonels+ of his command, is which I heartily unite. Letters recommendatory of Colonel Opdycke were forwarded to Headquarters of the Army early in the present month.

I have the honor to recommend the promotion of the following-named officers to the grades named, and for the reasons given in connection with the name of each:

Brigadier General T. J. Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps, to be promoted to the rank of major-general of volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct and good generalship displayed in command of the Third Division of the Fourth Corps, and during the present campaign as commander as commander of the Fourth Corps, particularly in the battle of Missionary Ridge, November 25, 1863, throughout the Atlanta campaign, and at the assault upon the enemy's entrenchments at Lovejoy's Station, Ga., where he received a severe wound. Notwithstanding this wound he retained command of his division and participated in the operations against Hood in his movements upon our communications with Atlanta, and later confronted him in his invasion of Tennessee, took a conspicuous part in the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864, in which seven desperate assaults of the rebels were repulsed, 5,000 of them killed and wounded, and nearly 1,000 of them, with 5 stand of colors, captured. He has also rendered brilliant and important service during the battle of the 15th and 16th instant before Nashville, and since in the campaign which was then inaugurated and is now in progress.

Brigadier General J. D. Cox, U. S. Volunteers, for good conduct displayed in the management of his troops on the 15th and 16th instant. Your attention is respectfully invited to the accompanying papers referring to the captured of artillery on the 16th, forwarded by General Schofield and herewith inclosed.++

Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson, commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, to the rank of full major-general of volunteers, for the which it has peculiarly distinguished itself, attempting such things as are not expected of cavalry, such as assaulting the enemy in entrenched positions, and always with success, capturing his works, with many guns and prisoners. His corps has also been conspicuous for its energy in the pursuit of the retreating rebel army, which has cost the rebel commander many men, several pieces of artillery, and tended much to the demoralization of his army.

Brigadier General Edward Hatch, commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps, to be promoted to major-general of volunteers; recommended by General Wilson for gallant conduct and good generalship displayed in the command of the division from the time of his first confronting the command of the division the time of his first confronting the rebel army under Hood during the invasion of Tennessee, November

---------------

*Lieutenant Colonel George W. Schofield knit Lieutenant Colonel William Hartsuff.

+P. Sidney Post and Emerson Opdycke.

++See p. 234.

---------------

