
29, until the present time, and particularly at the battle Brentwood Hills, December 16, 1864, to describe which I quote the language of General Wilson:

In accordance with his instructions General Hatch then crossed the country from Williams' house toward the Hillsborough pike, re-established his connection with the infantry, and, advancing his right flank, struck the enemy's line of and rear, completely enveloping it, drove it rapidly back upon the fortifications constructed upon the Brentwood Hills for its protection Hastily forming his Second Brigade dismounted, Colonel D. E. Coon commanding, he pushed boldly forward and carried the enemy's works, capturing in the first redoubt 4 guns and 65 prisoners, and in the second, a closed work, 6 guns and 175 prisoners.

The same day at night-fall the captured several prisoners, among them Brigadier-General Rucker, commanding a brigade of Chalmers' division rebel cavalry, with Chalmers' division battle-flag.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. H. Hammond, commanding Seventh Brigade, Cavalry Corps, for confirmation of his appointment as brevet brigadier-general of volunteers; recommended by General Wilson for general good conduct and skillful management of his brigade during the retreat before the rebel army while it was advancing upon Nashville and during the present campaign, particularly on the 16th and 17th instant, and since during the pursuit of Hood's army, during which he has displayed great activity and energy.

Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Detachment Army of the Tennessee, desires to recommend his division commanders, Brigadier-General McArthur and Brigadier General K. Garrard, for promotion to the brevet rank of major-general, also Colonels McMillen and Hubbard, commanding brigades, to the rank of brigadier-general; but being unable to hear from him on the subject, I cannot give specific reasons for the promotion of these officers, or even give their full names and regiments.

In conclusion I would respectfully urge the confirmation by the Senate of Brigadier General W. D. Whipple, my chief of staff, for the energy and zeal displayed by him in the discharge of his duties throughout the entire Atlanta campaign as well as during the present one. For additional his appointment sent from before Atlanta in August last.

I would also request the promotion to the ranks of major and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers of Captain Robert H. Ramsey, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, a member of my staff, for his intelligence and untiring devotion to duty since he joined me nearly a year ago, particularly during the Atlanta campaign and during the present one.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, McKane's Church, Pulaski Road, December 25, 1864-8 a.m .

Colonel THOMAS M . VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 3.30 p .m. of 24th is received. In reply, I would respectfully state, for the information of the honorable Secretary, that, in my opinion, whilst the erasing of new volunteer regiments is an embarrassment to the Government, the filling up of old regiments in the

