
field with recruits keeps the army in an efficient condition at all times. With new regiments, both officers and men are generally ignorant of their duties, are more or less difficult to discipline, and, in consequence of a lack of discipline, are much more liable to disease; while recruits added to old regiments are at once under the hand of discipline, soon learn how to take care of themselves, and by mingling with their comrades who have seen service, readily learn their duties, and in a short time become almost as efficient and reliable as the old troops. Permit me, also, to state, whilst on the subject, that receiving volunteers for one-year's service is also injurious to the efficiency of the army; a soldier who volunteers for one year hardly learns his duty before his time expires. In my opinion, the most efficient way of keeping up an army, after it has once been organized by the acceptance of volunteers, is to perpetuate the old regiments by accepting volunteers for three years, or by drafting for five years.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 25, 1864. (Received 12.20 p m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

About 3,000 prisoners of war, including officers, have been forwarded to Northern depots, 1,700 leave to-day, and the remainder, about 700, will leave to-morrow morning, making in all less than 5,500 prisoners. There are about 1,600 wounded prisoners yet to arrive. No captures have been reported from the front since the 21st.

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Richland Creek, December 25, 1864-8.30 p.m . (Via Paducah. To be forwarded.)

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE:

Our cavalry drove enemy through Pulaski at 9 a. m. to-day. Forrest's cavalry on full run. Rebel army is literally running away, and seems to be making for Lamb's Ferry and Florence. He has been thrown off his intended route to Decatur by fear of being intercepted. I think it best for you to remain as long as possible at Eastport, or, at least, until we ascertain definitely what Hood is trying to do.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Richland Creek, December 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM E. MERRILL,

Chattanooga:

Prepare a pontoon bridge sufficient to span the Tennessee River at Decatur immediately and send it to Bridgeport, subject to orders of Major-General Steedman. Answer.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

