
division, thirty additional ones, ten for a division, and each leaded with ten boxes of ammunition. I am obliged to do this on account of the condition of the road from Pulaski to the river. We will issued three days' rations to-morrow morning, with instructions that they must last five days, and will send the empty wagons back to the terminus of the railroad to reload. As soon as the rations are issued the pursuit will be continued as vigorously as possible. At present our information is that the enemy has taken the Lamb's Ferry road, but this we cannot tell certainly until we get to the junction of the Lamb's Ferry and Florence roads. I will promptly advise you of the roads which we take. I have a train behind loaded with three days' rations, which I would be glad to have follow me as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Pulaski, Tenn., December 25, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

I will move my corps south of Richmond Creek three or four miles, as I amy find the ground suitable for campaign, and halt for the night. I will be out of rations to-night, and it will be necessary for me to halt here until our supply train comes up. General Thomas has promised to push it forward as rapidly as possible, but it is uncertain when it will arrive here, though I trust it will arrive some time to-night or to-morrow morning. I will be glad to know your condition in reference to rations, and your intentions in reference to future movements, as I wish to keep the corps up in supporting distance of the cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, December 25, 1864.

[General WOOD,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:]

GENERAL: We are four miles from Pulaski, on Lamb's Ferry road, and have met a slight check. If you bring up your infantry we may get some prisoners. I am putting General Hatch's division on the skirmish line now, and I think I shall be able to drive Forrest off. Your infantry can materially assist me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

There are eight brigades of infantry in our front, with rail entrenchments. Please hurry up as rapidly as possible.

J. H. W.

