
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

I. By authority of the Secretary of War, sufficient serviceable cavalry horses will be immediately seized to mount all dismounted men of the Cavalry Corps.

II. Division commanders will take the necessary details to carry this order into effect. They are authorized to send detachments to any part of Tennessee and Kentucky, under the command of trustworthy and competent officers, who will give memorandum receipts for all horses taken. Upon the presentation of the memorandum receipts for all horses taken. Upon the presentation of the memorandum receipts to the division or corps quartermaster, the proper vouchers will be issued. The price allowed will be that fixed by the Cavalry Bureau. Horses and mares will be taken. The names of the offices detailed must be sent at once to these headquarters.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Edgefield, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

In order to facilitate the pressing of horses, and that there may be no collision between the details organized under General Orders, Numbers 5, from these headquarters, division commanders will instruct the officers sent in command of the details from their respective divisions to confine their operations strictly to the districts of country assigned them below, viz: The Sixth Division, Brigadier-General Johnson commanding, will have that portion of county lying west of the Spring-field and Russellville turnpike, and will send as far north as Hopkinsville, Ky.; the First Division, Brigadier-General Croxton commanding, will have that portion of the country lying east of the Russellville turnpike and west of the Bowling Green turnpike, and will send a s for north as the railroad from Bowling Green to Russellville; the Seventh Division, Brigadier-General Knipe commanding, will have that portion of the country lying between the Bowling Green and Glasgow roads, sending as far north as the road from Bowling Green and Glasgow; the Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Hatch commanding, will have all the country lying east of the Glasgow road, sending as far as Tompkinsville.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First and Second Brigades, First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will please send one regiment out on the Franklin pike to-day at 10 a. m. to make reconnaissance; having accomplished this duty, you will return to camp.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

