
tation closed on it in the same manner. He also wishes you to direct the commander of the brigade at Columbia to take three guns which were yesterday halted out of Duck River, at the bridge, across the river Columbia, and send them by first train to Nashville, consigned to Captain A. Mordecai, chief of ordnance, Department of the Cumberland. There are also three others abandoned by the rebels on the road leading from Columbia, and send them by first train to Nashville, consigned to Captain A. Mordecai, chief of ordnance, Department of the Cumberland. There are also three others abandoned by the rebels on the road leading from Columbia to Murfreesborough, which he also wishes secured and sent to Nashville at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Richland Creek, December 25, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,Columbia:

How soon can a pontoon bridge be speared from Duck River for Elk River? The report now is that Hood is making for Lamb's Ferry and Florence.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

ORDERS, In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn.,

Numbers 187. December 25, 1864.

* * * *

VIII. The troops will cross Duck River to-morrow, the 26th, commencing at daylight. General Cox will use the upper bridge and General Couch the lower one. The baggage and ammunition trains will follow their respective divisions; other trains will cross at either bridge as soon as practicable, but will give the preference to trains belonging to troops which are in advance. Each division commander will leave a staff officer at the bridge during the crossing of his artillery and trains, to superintend the crossing of his artillery and trains, to superintend on the crossing. The greatest care must be taken to prevent accident sand unnecessary delays. Rations will be issued to the troops this evening.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, December 25, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your move on leisurely with your command to Pulaski, followed by its train, that it may arrive there in good order and be ready for any movement that may be intended for it after arriving at that place. You will be followed by the Twenty-third Army Corps, with its train. General Wil-

