
son drove the rebels through Pulaski at 9 o'clock this morning on a full run and is still pressing them, supported by the Fourth Corps. Hood's army is literally running away, and making for Lamb's Ferry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have your division in readiness and move to-morrow morning, December 26, at 8 o'clock, taking with you your train, and in the advance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 25, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you have your command in readiness and move to-morrow morning, December 26, at 9 a.m., taking with you your train, Second Division taking the advance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel J. B. Moore, commanding Third Division.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Beyond Pulaski, Tenn., December 25, 1864-10.10 a.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

There seems to be little doubt that the rebels have gone to Bainbridge, eight miles above Florence, fearing a flank movement from Stevenson. Two corps (Stewart's and Lee's) went by this road-the Florence road-to Lexington; Cheatham's went toward Lawrenceburg, striking the old military road, eight miles below Lawrenceburg. The people say the rebels are suffering immensely. Buford's wound is said to be quite severe. A Mr. Carter says the colonel commanding the pontoon train told him he was going to Bainbridge; left here on Thursday morning. Cheatham's ammunition train of fifteen or twenty wagons was abandoned here. The mules were put in to help the pontoons along. General Lee was severely wounded in the foot in the fight at Nashville. His corps is now commanded by Stevenson. The rebels have lost eighteen generals killed, wounded, and captured, since they started north. They acknowledge sixty-eight pieces of artillery lost.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

