HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, December 25, 1864.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Captain Scott, Eighty-third Indiana Volunteers, commanding a detachment of 200 convalescents, en route for New York from Nashville to join General Sherman, was captured by Lyon, at or near Nolin's Bridge, on Friday evening last (December 23), and reported here this morning. The officers and men were paroled by Lyon. Captain Scott arrived at Muldraugh's Hill last evening and proceeded with his command to this place; he reports cannonading heard and our McCook and Colonel La Grange had come up with Lyon. The force of the latter is reported by Scott at 2,500 well mounted and equipped men and four pieces of artillery. Scott thinks the rebels divided their force-one brigade destroying the road from Elizabethtown south, the other from that point north. An officer of the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, which forms a part of Watkins' brigade, of McCook's division, says some thirty of our wounded reached here last night.

I am, very respectfully,

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Vols., Military Commander.

COLESBURG, KY., December 25, 1864.

Captain E. B. HARLAN, Louisville, Ky.:

Reliable information says that Lyon would move to Greensburg and Columbia and cross Cumberland River at Burkesville or higher. Colonel La Grange, of our cavalry, states that lyon has 1,300 to 1,500 men and one piece of artillery; this is confirmed by several citizens of Litchfield. General McCook in his pursuit. Two reports of artillery were heard this morning at this farm in a southwesterly direction, probably road to Hodgensville. Our scouts were out since 2 a.m. yesterday, and found the above at Elizabethtown.

CHAS. E. BEHLE,

Major.

COLESBURG, December 25, 1864.

Captain E. B. HARLAN, Louisville, Ky.:

Lyon's force left Elizabethtown between 12 and 2 p.m., and took the road to Hodgensville. This information is said to be by our scouts of authenticated source. Lyon probably takes his route via Lebanon.

CHAS. E. BEHLE,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 26, 1864-10 p.m.

(Received 1 p.m. 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I send the following dispatch, of 10.10 a.m. yesterday, from General Wilson, for your information.*

---------------

*See p. 351.

---------------

