
A later dispatch, of 6 p.m. 25th instant, states that, in pressing the enemy, Harrison's brigade came upon the enemy's infantry, strongly posted in rail breast works, and so close did he push that, in being compelled to fall back, the loss of one gun was involved. The position was, however, taken the minutes afterward, but the enemy had run the gun off. The rebel force is eight brigade, of 500 to 600 men each. General Wood, commanding the Fourth Corps, is in close support of General Wilson, and both will continue the pursuit zealously. I have heard from General Steedman to-day. He disembarked his troops from cars at Limestone Creek, seven miles from Decatur, and was marching to that place at 7 a. m. to-day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 26, 1864. (Via Paducah.)

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE:

General Donaldson has been ordered to send the transports now at Paducah to Eastport, under convoy. Will you please furnish the gun-boats, and order them to remain at Eastport until a cavalry force which I am going to send across to that point arrives there and accomplishes the work upon which it is sent.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

[DECEMBER 26, 1864.]

General DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Nashville:

Has the railroad to Chattanooga been repaired? Answer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 26, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Telegram received. Superintendent of railroads reported last night that last bridge on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad would be done this morning, and some trains, I presume, will pass south at once, but road will not be in thorough operation before Wednesday.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 26, 1864 -6.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland, Nashville:

The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of this date, and desires that you notify him when the first train starts south on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and the time of starting.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

