
ment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry there, and at all other points garrisoned by said regiment. Twenty men and an officer (or an efficient non-commissioned officer) will be placed in each block-house held by the Sixth Kentucky. At Bass Station an officer and thirty men will be garrisoned. The remainder of the regiment will be garrisoned at Anderson, at which place the colonel will establish his headquarters.

II. The Sixth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry will, as soon as relieved by the Twenty-ninth Michigan Infantry, proceed by railroad to Nashville and report to Captain Wilson, commissary of musters, for the purpose of being mustered out of the service. The camp and garrison equipage will be taken with the regiment and disposed of as the major-general commanding District of Tennessee may direct.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, December 26, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Steedman disembarked his troops at Limestone Creek early this morning, seven miles from Decatur on railroad, and moved on that place. Trestle-work at Lime Creek is burned partly. As far as known, line is O. K. within four miles of Decatur. Will follow advance closely. Will let you know General Steedman's whereabouts this evening. We need three operators at once. General Granger is on river.

GREGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 27, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch, just received, is forwarded for your information:
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Twenty Miles Southwest of Pulaski, December 27, 1864-6 a.m.

The enemy made a stand here yesterday, stopping us for a few minutes. My advance pursued him five or six miles beyond here, but the country being entirely desolate I have been compelled to halt here, the body of the command in Sugar Creek Valley, till rations can reach us-say till noon. Our horses are very much fagged, roads very heavy, and no forage to be had. I have sent a detachment to Lamb's Ferry, with directions to ascertain the whereabouts of Steedman. The entire rebel army, with the exception of their rear guard, has already crossed the river at Bainbridge. The rear-guard does not expect to get away. I will send forward at once all the force for whom I can get rations and strong horses, with instructions to reach Bainbridge as soon as possible. I must get out of this region in three or four days, or we shall leave our horses.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

I have ordered General Wilson to push the enemy as far as possible, or at least across the Tennessee, and then endeavor to cross himself at Eastport, under cover of the gun-boats, which should be there at this

24 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

