
boats from the floats and tying up the boats, under guard, on this bank. Two companies are on duty scouting and picketing in rear of each of the ferries, and the remainder of the companies near the ferries. Scouts are being made down the country, out on the road leading back from Hyde's Ferry. Their reports will be forwarded.

Very respectfully,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteers Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,Hyde's Ferry, December 3, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain W. B. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Sixth Div., Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the scout made down to the point below Bell's Mill, where the bend of the river comes back near the turnpike, as shown on the map given me, reports a few rebel cavalrymen on this side of the river, having swum their horses over; none were seen. The naval supply steamboat was fired into from the bluffs between here and Bell's Mill, struck several times, but ran past that battery, but finding another battery below, ran into this shore and tied up. The captain of the boat has come up here to get the gun-boat lying here to assist him, and has reported these facts. The boat lies about eight miles from here. I have had no instructions or orders but to stop the ferries and tie up the boats on this side of the river. I would like to have such instructions as would guided me in the nature and extent of the scouting to be done by me. Up to this time the gun-boat has not gone down to render assistance to the naval supply boat, and is, I understand, waiting for orders. The crew of the boat are with it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

GALLATIN ROAD, NEAR CUMBERLAND RIVER,

December 3, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps, Nashville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: Am here in good shape. Just before leaving Edgefield, at 4 p. m. of the 2nd, the battalion which was at Petersburg [was] chased to within three miles of Nashville on the Murfreesborough pike. I would like to furnish my command and fit it for field service here, where there are good facilities for it. I can get horses, forage, and, indeed, everything save arms and ammunition. There are some 2,000 convalescent horses around the town; the guerrillas steal large numbers of them. They seem to be concentrating hereabout, as several bodies of 75 and 100 are known to exist. I will try to disperse some of them. I find that I cannot send less than fifty men three miles from camp. A large drove of beeves was scattered yesterday at the tunnel, and day before 200 horses taken from a corral. I believe that these small bodies are preparing to join Forrest for some move, sure. A crying evil exists in the fact that almost every citizen, without

