
time, and destroy the railroad bridge across Bear Creek. Major-General Smith has been ordered to Eastport, to co-operate with and support General Wilson. His command will leave here to-morrow. The roads are in a horrible condition, an the country exhausted of supplies; but I believe we can stand as much hardship as the rebels, and I therefore hope the expedition against Bear Creek bridge will prove successful. General Steedman's operator reported, at 5 p.m. 26th instant, that he was crossing his troops on transports above Decatur, preparatory to marching on that place.

Have you received Major-General Stoneman's telegraphic report of the result of his operations in East Tennessee and Southwestern Virginia, forwarded from Knoxville this date? As the copy I received was addressed to yourself and me, I shall not forward the report, unless you have not received it. The complete success and able management of the expedition reflects great credit upon General Stoneman and upon his entire command, for which I sincerely hope he and his command may receive the thanks of the Department. I have received a report from my ordnance officer to-day, who states that fifty-three pieces of artillery, with carriages complete, and 3,034 small-arms were collected from the battle-fields of the 15th and 16th instant. Two pieces of artillery have since arrived at Nashville from Franklin. Three guns were captured from the enemy, three miles north of Thompson's Station, on the 17th. On the 22nd instant two pieces of artillery were reported by General Wilson as captured by Hatch's division of cavalry on the Lewisburg pike. On the same date General Wood reported three pieces abandoned on the Columbia and Murfreesborough road. On the 24th three pieces were taken out of Duck River, and on the 26th two more pieces were taken from Richland Creek, at this place. There is not doubt a number of other pieces, abandoned, buried, and thrown into the streams, which have not yet been discovered. A large amount of ammunition was destroyed at this place, and ammunition wagons and caissons are found, partially and some completely destroyed, lying along roads, as the troops advance. A large number of small-arms were destroyed by fire in the railroad depot at this place, and many more abandoned on the flat on the south side of Richland Creek.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 27, 1864.

(Received 6.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The railroad is expected to be repaired by Thursday, when the remaining prisoners will be forwarded to Camp Chase.

Respectfully,

WM. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FLAG-SHIP FAIRY,

Chickasaw, December 27, 1864.

Honorable G. WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

I have destroyed a new fort at this point and all the enemy's visible means of crossing the Tennessee below Florence, and to-day blew up

