
two caissons and destroyed two field pieces there, knocking one into the river and the other into pieces. Several transports with supplies for General Thomas arrived here to-day. I find from the general's dispatches that my movements have been in good time to meet his movements. Hood's army is reported broken up, and its parts cannot cross at or below Florence, unless the river falls seriously; it is now falling, which made it impracticable to-day to reach the crossing which the enemy is said to be using above Little Mussel Shoals, six miles above Florence.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Grant.)

FLAG-SHIP FAIRY,

Tennessee River, Off Chickasaw, Ala., December 27, 1864.

(Via Paducah.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I arrived here on the 24th, and destroyed a new fort and magazine; no guns. Have been several miles above Florence, and have destroyed all the enemy's visible means of crossing below Florence. I found the enemy have field pieces, probably protecting a crossing at foot of Mussel Shoals, six miles above Florence, which want of water prevented my reaching. The rebels crossed their prisoners at Garner's Ferry, twelve miles below Florence, on the 19th instant. I destroyed over a dozen flats and pontoons there; nothing but one flat at Florence. I learned that Hood took some pontoons with him, and others go adrift. Hood has earth-works at Florence, made last spring; saw two on each side. No guns on [sic] of each looked finished. Hood's troops arriving near Florence are said to declare that they don't know where his main army is; that they had orders to scatter and care for themselves; that no Tennessee troops have come to this river since Hood's defeat; that 100 wagons and a great many troops were grievously disappointed at my destruction of the ferry-boats at Garner's Ferry, which obliged them to move thence up river. To-day I destroyed two guns and caissons at Florence Landing, and found a battery of several field pieces on heights over left bank at Boone's Ferry. Neither of these places was occupied yesterday. Enemy is doubtless coming in, seeking crossing. Your two telegrams of the 21st were received to-night. Your transports with provisions arrived here to-day, and will remove to Eastport to-morrow, where they will be well protected. I will immediately dispatch an iron-clad and gun-boats to convoy your troops up from Paducah. If any are there, or expected, shall keep up active patrol of river above and below.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 27, 1864.

Captain A. MORDECAI,

Nashville:

Put on board steamer, for General Smith's troops, at Eastport, the following ammunition: 2,000 rounds spherical case, light 12-pounder;

