HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 27, 1864.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Military Railroads, Carter's Creek:

General McCallum wishes you to go with one division construction corps to Savannah, and nominates Major Wentz to take your place while you are absent. Major Wentz says he can perform those duties, in addition to his own, during your absence. Can one division construction corps be spared at this time without injury to the service? General McCallum says the case is urgent.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 27, 1864.

E. L. WENTZ,

General Superintendent, Nashville:

General McCallum wishes to transfer Colonel W. W. Wright and one division of the construction corps to Georgia temporarily, and proposes you to take Colonel Wright's place during his absence. Can you perform the duties of chief engineer, in addition to your present duties, during his absence? Answer immediately.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, December 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

If the duties of chief engineer are assigned me, as intimated in your dispatch, I will perform them.

E. L. WENTZ,

General Supt. of Military Railroads, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Pulaski, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

Corps commanders and the commanding officers of all detachments of troops in the field will collect together the battle flags, swords, &amp;c., captured by their various commands at the battle of Franklin, and since entering upon this campaign, and forward them to these headquarters, with a full and complete list of the same, giving a description of the captured article, the name of the captor, his company, and regiment, the date and place of capture, and, whenever possible, the incidents connected therewith. In case where the name of the captor is not definitely known, and the trophy be held either by the regiment or company making the capture as an organization, it is advisable for such company or regiment to elect, from among the most brave and deserving in the command, one who shall be deemed worthy of the honor to be conferred on him. Wherever the name of the captor is known, even though he may not have survived the conflict, this fact should also be stated, and, as in all other cases, be inscribed upon the trophy. It is the design of the major-general commanding, at the termination of the present campaign against the enemy, and the completed collection of

