
the captured articles herein mentioned, to forward the same, in charge of a capable officer, and accompanied by the parties making the capture, to the Department at Washington, recommending that each may receive a medal of honor, or some other fitting acknowledgment of their gallant services. In order that this design may be fully carried out, it is hoped that all commanding officers will cause such prompt and proper efforts to be made as will insure to his command its due proportion of honor.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Sugar Creek, Tenn., Pinhook, Twenty Miles from Pulaski,

December 27, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have marched fourteen miles to-day and have come up with the cavalry. I have conferred freely with General Wilson-I am writing from his headquarters-and he seems to be of the opinion that the bulk of the rebel army has crossed the Tennessee River; but with a view to determine this certainly he has to-day sent out parties on various roads, from whom he will probably receive reports to-night. He informs me that should be reports of these parties indicate that the enemy has not crossed the Tennessee River he will continue the pursuit, in which case I will follow him up for the purpose of supporting him. On the other hand, should the reports indicate that the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River, he will remain here or in this neighborhood to await further orders from the commanding general; in this case, of course, I will not move from this position until I received further instructions. The road between this and Pulaski is intolerably bad, and I respectfully suggest that if we move farther south that the commanding general make arrangements to feed us from some other point than Pulaski. If the object in moving farther south is to pursue the enemy (and it appears that he is across the river), that object would seem to have been already fully accomplished. If, however, the commanding general has ulterior objects in view, and desires to place us on the Tennessee River to accomplish them, I would then respectfully suggest that he then indicate some definite point on the Tennessee River for which we may direct our march. I repeat that these suggestions are based upon the hypothesis that the information General Wilson receives this evening should indicate that the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Lexington Road, Sugar Creek, Tenn., December 27, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Our forage was exhausted yesterday. We commenced operations at Nashville provided with ten days', by order, since which time we have not been able to draw any forage from the quartermaster's

