
He therefore desires you to put your troops into camp on that side, and make them as comfortable as possible, keeping your trains with you, until further orders.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pulaski, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: By order of the major-general commanding, I am directed to say we will not move to-morrow. You will forward, by 12 m., a list of all casualties, called for once before, and a report of the late battles in which your command was engaged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Pinhook, Twenty Miles Southwest of Pulaski, Tenn.,

December 27, 1864-12.20 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The communication of the major-general commanding, in regard to the destruction of the Bear Creek bridge, has just been received. In reply, after consulting with General Croxton, who assisted in burning it in April, 1862, I am not confident the operation could be made successful in time to injure the enemy. It is nearly sixty miles from here to Eastport, the roads almost impassable, the country denuded of forage, and my command without rations. General Wood informs me that my train is scattered all the way between here and Pulaski, stuck in the mud, none of it nearer than eight miles. I am now sending details of mounted men to it to get rations for the current use of the men. I hope to get all up by night, but when here they will barely carry us to Eastport. General Croxton thinks it would be very difficult to forage the horses on the trip, says the Bear Creek bridge is ten miles from the river, and, as you know, the railroad is in running order only eighteen miles this side of there. Even if broken, the damage would scarcely be commensurate with the labor necessary to accomplish it. I am willing, however, to undertake it by sending one brigade, or taking the whole effective force, say 5,000 men, if, upon reflection, you think it advisable. Could not an infantry force sent with the gun-boats and supplies accomplish it more certainly and at far less cost than my command? The rebel cavalry trains have been sent to Corinth, and the general belief among the prisoners is that Hood expects to assemble and reorganize his army at that place, but is it not more likely, after the loss of so much material, he will go to Blue Mountain or Columbus? The major-general commanding must determine very soon which was I should march, for I cannot keep my command alive in this region. I have sent all my available force after the enemy, a detachment to Rogersville, and as

