
eleven miles this morning, over very bad roads, and can go through to Decatur to-day, if necessary; but, if not imperative, it would be better for the horses to make an ordinary march and reach Decatur at 10 a.m. to-morrow. Please [answer] immediately. I will leave a courier here to bring on dispatch.

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, December 27, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

The Forty-fifth Missouri Volunteers has been sent to Spring Hill, with directions to follow the advance depot, to guard and load stores. The Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Missouri are here, and have no transportation and can get none from the quartermaster's department. I will send them through to Columbia by rail, and direct the commanding officer there to haul their baggage to Pulaski with the post train. The Forty-ninth Missouri is not here. I have ordered the Forty-second Missouri, at Fort Donelson, and Forty-third Wisconsin, at Clarksville, to this place, and will put them on the Chattanooga railroad. The One hundred and seventy-third Ohio was originally assigned to General Miller's brigade, but by a subsequent order it was taken out, and the One hundred and eighty-second substituted. As soon as General Miller can spare the One hundred and seventy-third I will use it on the railroad.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 298. Nashville, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

* * * * *

III. The Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail to-morrow to Columbia, Tenn., and from thence by pike to Pulaski, and take post at that place. The quartermaster's department at Columbia will furnish the necessary wagons to haul the baggage of the regiment to Pulaski.

IV. The Forty-eighth Missouri Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail on Thursday, December 29, 1864, to Columbia, Tenn., and from thence by pike to Pulaski, and take post at that place. The quartermaster's department at Columbia will furnish the necessary wagons to haul the baggage of the regiment to Pulaski.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 27, 1864.

Major-General MILROY, Tullahoma:

Two regiments are coming up the river, and will be sent you at once upon their arrival. Where do you want them? We are awaiting orders department headquarters in reference to the Third and Fourth Michigan.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

25 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

