
CITY POINT, VA., December 28, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Crocker writes to me that his health is so far improved that he can take the field, and desires to do so. I have never seen but three or four division commanders his equal, and we want his services. Please order him to report to General Thomas.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C ., December 28. 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

General Stoneman's dispatch is received.* I would respectfully suggest that supplies for the troops pursuing the wrecks of Hood's army be sent to Eastport, or some other point on the Tennessee River; also, that troops not required for this pursuit be sent by water to General Dana, to assist in destroying the railroads and supplies in Mississippi, which may otherwise be used by Hood in his retreat.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864-10 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 4 p.m. this day is received. I have already ordered supplies to be sent to Eastport, and General A. J. Smith's command, with Hatch's division of cavalry, has been ordered to the same place, and I am in hopes will reach there in time to prevent Hood from using the railroad in his retreat. General Steedman reoccupied Decatur yesterday at 5 p.m., as he reports, with but little loss. My previous instructions to him were to move as far in the direction of Tuscumbia as he could, and endeavor to destroy or capture Hood's pontoon, and so prevent him from crossing the Tennessee River, and I feel confident that he will make every exertion to carry out my orders. I telegraphed him again, upon receipt of his reported occupation of Decatur, to the same effect. Generals Wilson and Wood are pressing upon the rear of the enemy, and will, I think, be able definitely to ascertain by to-night whether Hood has crossed the river or not. General Wilson's report of last evening, just received to-day, states that prisoners reported to him that Hood had not succeeded in laying his pontoon bridge at Burbridge up to the morning of the 26th instant. This report was also confirmed by a lady from Florence, whom he saw, and who also informed him that our gun-boats were shelling Florence. As soon as I can ascertain which route Hood takes, if successful in crossing the Tennessee, I will pursue him, if the roads are at all practicable. Surgeon Cooper, my medical director, informed me this morning that the impression among the wounded rebel prisoners in this place is that Hood will continue his retreat to

---------------

*See Part I, p. 807.

---------------

