
GALLATIN, December 3, 1864.

Major-General WILSON:

Your order to take horses received. Will take all I can find and push the matter with vigor and watch the river well. General Schofield's train left Franklin [Ky.] this evening with 400 guards.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

Colonel G. G. MINER,

Commanding Camp Webster:

COLONEL: You will at once take measures to move all the property of Camp Webster inside the line of fortifications; direct Captain Wilson to procure the necessary transportation. Order at once to their regiments across the river all the men that are fit for active service. Steps are being taken to mount all the cavalry in the command. The Secretary of War has order the seizure of all horses for this purpose. The defense of the city is left to the infantry. The infantry arms are to be returned to the arsenal. The Fifth and Sixth Cavalry Divisions, General Croxton's and General Watkins' brigades, of the First Division, are across the river.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL AND SPECIAL ORDERS, Numbers 1. HDQRS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,

Chattanooga, December 3, 1864.

I. The general commanding the district, considering it highly advisable to have this post and its several defenses as strongly held as possible, hereby orders that all civilians within the lines of the post be enrolled and organized into a military force.

II. With the view of having the force enrolled and effectually organized, the general orders and authorizes Colonel Edwin S. McCook to take the business in hand at once, and orders him to the command of the force he shall so enroll and organize.

III. All civilians, therefore, within the lines of this post, who are not in the actual employment and pay of the United States Government at this post, will proceed instantly, on the publication of these orders, to the rear office of the post guard, there report to Colonel McCook, register their names and residences, have themselves properly enrolled and assigned for military duty, and having been enrolled, hold themselves subject to his orders.

IV. The military duty indicated in these orders will not take the civilians enrolled and organized by Colonel McCook beyond the exterior lines of defense.

V. Colonel McCook has full power to organize the force contemplated in these orders as his experience and judgment best dictate, and he will appoint and order such officers and other assistants to act under

