
RUTHERFORD'S CREEK, December 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Rutherford's bridge, Numbers 1, is about completed, and we are at work on Numbers 2; will probably be delayed somewhat by the wreck of the old bridge; this is quite a formidable affair. I have had 200 men on it for two days, and it will take at least till night to get it out of the way. Yesterday I sent a large force to work on the south end of Duck River bridge.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 352. Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

* * * *

III. Colonel W. W. Wright, chief engineer U. S. military railroads, is hereby temporarily relieved from duty in this department, and will, with one division of the construction corps, proceed, via New York City, to Savannah, Ga., reporting en route, by telegraph, to Brigadier General D. C. McCallum, at Washington, D. C., and upon his arrival at Savannah, to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi. Colonel Wright will take with him such division of the construction corps as will not interfere with or retard the work of repairing the North Alabama Railroad, now in progress. During the absence of Colonel Wright, Mr. E. L. Wentz, in addition to his duties of general superintendent, will perform those of chief engineer of the military railroads of the Military Division of the Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 28, 1864. (Received 12 m. 29th.)

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, dated Pinhook, December 27, 12.30 p.m., is just received. The major-general commanding directs that your order your artillery back to this point to be supplied with forage from the post. He further directs that you hold your infantry where they now are for further orders, ready to move in whatever direction they may be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, December 29, 1864-1 p.m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I received the above at 12 m.; I regret it did not reach me earlier. I will not start my artillery back till to-morrow morning,

