
as the change of a day's march toward the river may induce General Thomas to change his orders with reference to it. If I hear anything from him this afternoon, I will communicate it to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

(Received 3.45 p.m. 29th.)

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches of 7 and 8.30 p.m. yesterday have been received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is not expected that you shall send any portion of your force farther than the Tennessee River, but as General Wilson has gone on with his command it is necessary that there should be an infantry force to support him and keep pushing until the enemy is driven across the river, when the commands will be placed in camps at such places that they can be supplied with forage and preparations made for a spring campaign. We cannot expect to have everything as we would wish it, but bad roads and other difficulties must be looked for. It seems as though, with the railroad terminus at Spring Hill, the chief quartermaster of your corps might have been able to keep the command supplied with a limited quantity of forage by sending back the empty wagons to be reloaded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Lexington, Tenn., December 28, 1864- 9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have received a note this evening from General Wilson, informing me that the last of the enemy crossed the river yesterday evening, and took up the pontoon bridge this morning. This being the case, there is no necessity of going to the Tennessee River as a matter of pursuit. As I have already stated in previous dispatches, the road from Pulaski to the Tennessee River is exceedingly bad, and, in my judgment, utterly impracticable as a route for the supply of troops. My ammunition and hospital trains have not yet reached camp; they are five miles in the rear. I will remain here to await further instructions as to what disposition to make of the corps, but as my rations as to what disposition to make of the corps, but, as my rations will be out in two days, it is of the utmost importance that these orders, or additional supplies, be sent to me at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

