HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the forces in the field directs that you start to-morrow morning with your command for Eastport, Tenn., [Miss.], marching by way of Lawrence and Waynesborough to Clifton, on the Tennessee River. Steamers have been ordered to Clifton sufficient for the transportation of 5,000 men, with the supposition that upon these boats you will be able to transfer your command to Eastport in two trips, and it was directed that sufficient provisions should be placed upon these boats for the use of your troops during the transit. Upon your arrival at Eastport you will select a good position for the encampment of your troops during the winter, as it is expected they will remain there for two months, and proceed with such reorganization as your command may require, and fit it generally for an early spring campaign. A portion of General Wilson's command has been ordered to Eastport, for the purpose of destroying the railroad bridge over Big Bear Creek, and in this enterprise you will afford him such support as he may require. At Eastport you will find steamers, under convoy of gun-boats, loaded with provisions, forage, ammunition, medical supplies, and clothing. The ammunition and clothing are such as you stated you would require in case you were ordered to that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division:

The major-general commanding directs that moving to-morrow the divisions take with them the regimental wagons and artillery. The supply trains will follow in the same order of precedence as the troops march. The division in the rear will each day throw out a rear guard and take charge of the supply train. Quartermasters must take the immediate supervision of their trains, and remain with them until they get into camp. The order of march to-morrow will be as follows: First Division at 7 a.m. promptly; Second Division at 8 a.m.; Third Division at 9 a.m. On arriving at Pulaski a guide will be furnished the leading division.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General K. Garrard and Colonel J. B. Moore.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864-12 m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Information has been received at these headquarters of a drove of cattle in a bend of the Elk River near Elkton, guarded by

