
command just arriving at the Blue Water Creek. Shall I return to Pulaski or go to Waterloo? If you wish my command to occupy a position on or near the Tennessee, while refitting and reorganizing, Tuscumbia would probably be the best, as the landing and river could be used for bringing supplies of forage, rations, horses, &amp;c., and at the same time we could draw upon the Tennessee Valley as far up as Decatur. It would, however, be imprudent to occupy Tuscumbia with cavalry, unless it is made a base for infantry also. My command is now in that condition which renders it necessary to have the question of rest, supplies, and reorganization fully settled as soon as possible. Long telegraphed me that the last of his division would leave Louisville to-day. I send Lieutenant Prather, of my staff with this. He will explain our condition and the nature of the country. General Wood marched this morning with me, but [he] cannot be much this side of Lexington. The roads are intolerable, and I think impassable for trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Lexington, Ala., December 28, 1864-8 p.m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

Your note of 4.30 p.m. received.* Under the circumstances I will remain at or near my present position until orders are received from General Thomas, with whim I will try to communicate at the earliest moment. If we had any assurance that we would find supplies on the river, it would be well, in my judgment, to go there, but this is a matter for which we should await General Thomas' order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bull's Mills, Blue Water, December 28, 1864.

Colonel SPALDING:

Please report at once what information you have obtained regarding the movements of the enemy and his present position; also report whether you have received dispatches for General Hood, sent to you this morning by an orderly.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 28, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

I arrived here to-day with Watkins' brigade and the artillery. They will need two or three days to shoe horses. Colonel La Grange, at

---------------

*See Alexander to Wood, 4.30 p.m. 27th [28th?], p. 376.

---------------

