
Elizabethtown, yesterday captured 30 more of Lyon's men, including 1 major and 1 lieutenant on his staff and another field and line officer. The condition of his horses compels a discontinuance of the pursuit. We have had one of the hardest trips I ever made, having marched more than 300 miles, over the worst roads I never saw. Watkins is in tolerably good condition. La Grange is in need of rest, and will not be here for four or five days. Please send me orders.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bull's Mills, December 28, 1864-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding desires you to send one battalion of your command to the Tennessee River, via Center Star. The commanding officer will communicate with the detachment sent out by you yesterday; will find out where the enemy have gone, and will tumble logs into the river to-night. He will send all the information he can get in to-night, and will also send word how much forage can be had in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, December 28, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The Eighth Michigan, 430 strong, fully mounted, will be here to-night or to-morrow. Had impressed a sufficient number of horses before I received your last instructions on this subject. I suppose he will require a day or so to shoe up. Shall I then send him forward? I sent H[arrison] three days ago 125 men of Fifth Iowa, and will send fifty of Seventh Ohio by day after to-morrow. The Eighth Michigan is armed with pistols and sabers only; no carbines here.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, December 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

The Third and Fourth Michigan are at Murfreesborough awaiting orders. Steam-boats have gone to bring up the Forty-second Missouri and Forty-third Wisconsin. As soon as they arrive I will send them to General Milroy.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

