
him as he thinks best gaslight for command, or any other work or duties in connection with the force contemplated.

VI. The force commanded by Colonel McCook will be known as the Civic Guard of Chattanooga.

VII. This order of enrollment and organization comprehends not only all the civilians who may be permanently resident at this post, but all civilians who may be temporarily detained here, whether on business or pleasure, or owing to obstructions on the road.

VIII. Colonel McCook will have every facility afforded him for the proper arming and equipment of the Civic Guard, and will determine, subject to the approval of the general commanding, the signal for the assembling of his command on any sudden emergency.

IX. Every civilian enrolled in the Civic Guard of Chattanooga will be furnished by Colonel McCook with a printed certificate of enrollment. The post provost guards on and after Tuesday, the 6th day of December, will demand, in addition to the usual city pass, the said certificate of enrollment.

X. Any civilian hereby ordered to register and enroll himself in the Civic guard failing to procure, or to produce on proper demand, the said certificate of enrollment, will be arrested on the spot and handed over to the provost-marshal.

XI. Should the party or parties so arrest fail satisfactorily to explain the circumstances of their not having, or their not producing, the said certificate of enrollment, said party or parties will immediately be sent by the post provost-marshal to work for thirty days on the streets or fortifications.

By order of Brigadier-General Meagher:

H. A. FORD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, TENN., December 3, 1864.

Captain H. A. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent reconnoitering parties on three of the most important approaches from the south and west, and taken all possible precaution toward the protection of this place. At Tyner's Station I have 200 men and two pieces of artillery; they have a good earth-work, and can without doubt hold it.

H. BOUGHTON,

Colonel.

CLEVELAND, December 3, 1864.

Captain H. A. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of the patrols I sent out this afternoon has just returned, and reports that a party of rebel cavalry, about eighty strong, crossed the Cleveland and Dalton Railroad at Red Clay before daylight this morning, going in the direction of Ooltewah. Shortly after daylight they returned, recrossed at Red Clay, and passed south. Nothing has been heard of them since that time.

HORACE BOUGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

