
TULLAHOMA, December 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The Sixty-eighth Indiana went down to Bridgeport on the 20th instant, and the Eighth Kentucky went yesterday morning.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Decatur, Ala.:

Your dispatch of the 27th received. I am very much gratified with your operations against Decatur. The roads from here to Florence are in an almost impassable condition, and the country so completely devastated that we can scarcely get any supplies, but the enemy has been as vigorously pursued as circumstances will admit. It is reported that Hood crossed at Lamb's Ferry and Bainbridge with what force he could get off. He is represented as being in most deplorable condition. I shall try to intercept him at Iuka, if he retreats that way, and I want you to push a strong reconnaissance toward Lamb's Ferry, to see if he has retreated by way of Courtland and Moulton.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, December 28, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

I am preparing and will move in the direction of Courtland this afternoon. I am compelled to go without transportation, my wagons having failed to reach me. I send my wagons and surplus ammunition by transports, convoyed by the gun-boats, to Melton's Bluff. It is rumored that a part of Hood's army has crossed at Lamb's Ferry, but I can get no certain information. We recaptured locomotives and fourteen cars from the enemy. The road will be repaired to this point, I think to-day.

JA. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

BRIDGE PORT, December 28, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Decatur:

Your telegram of the 27th instant is received. I will start for Decatur immediately with the pontoons. Please send me a steamer or gun-boat to convoy and tow me down. There may be some danger in going down without a convoy, and we will travel very slow unless taken in tow by a steamer. It will take thirty-six hours to float down.

P. O'CONNELL,

Major, Commanding Pontoons.

