HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Six Miles from Decatur, on Courtland Road,

December 29 [28], 1864-10 p.m.

General STEEDMAN:

GENERAL: I struck the rebel pickets at Boldin's place, four miles and three-quarters from Decatur, and met the main force close behind them, pursuing it to this point, where we captured all the artillery they had, consisting of two 12-pounders, with caissons and horses attached, six prisoners, and a few cavalry horses. My loss is nothing, the advance guard charging so boldly that the rebels fired but a few shots and ran off, leaving their guns in the hands of a sergeant and fifteen men of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Colonel Windes was in command of the rebels, and told Mr. Boldin (citizen), with whom he took supper, that two regiments of cavalry were coming up to assist him to-night. He received a dispatch at the table, which he said announced this. Mr. Boldin also learned that Hood had crossed at Bainbridge. Two of the prisoners captured state the same thing, and one of them a hospital steward is very circumstantial; question him. I see a light in the direction of Lamb's Ferry, or Brown's Ferry, which I take to be the fires of the two cavalry regiments coming to assist Colonel Windes. I would have continued pursuit to Hillsborough but that my horses would not in that event have been fit for hard work to-morrow.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

DECATUR, December 28, 1864-10.50 p.m.

(Received 29th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

A part of my command is now garrisoning Decatur, which was abandoned by the enemy without a fight. I understood he commenced evacuating the place as soon as he heard of the crossing of General Steedman's command. General Steedman left this evening in the direction of Courtland. Considerable force of cavalry reported trying to cross at Guntersville. No news from down the river. Cars and locomotives left at Huntsville recaptured. Road is running this evening from Decatur to Stevenson.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur, Ala.:

I have just received the following from the commanding officer at Paint Rock bridge. I do not credit the report:

Colonel LYON:

It is reported to me that a considerable force of rebels is in the vicinity of Claysville now, and that there is a much larger force at or near Guntersville preparing to cross. We got our information from negroes and citizens. All credit I put in it is to keep a sharp lookout for them. All quiet here.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

26 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

