HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Columbia, Tenn., December 28, 1864

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have seen your report* to General Thomas of your late operations, and congratulate you most heartily upon your complete success and vindication of your reputation as a general. I may now inform you that, while you were preparing for your late expedition, I was ordered by General Grant and the Secretary of War to relieve you from command, on the ground of your failure in Georgia. The order was revoked upon my earnest protest and assumption of the responsibility for the result. I regret, general, the necessity of calling your attention to the fact that since you started on your expedition you have not thought proper to make any report to me of your operation, although specially requested to do so. I shall be glad of any explanation of the course you appear to have adopted in this respect.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, December 28, 1864

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

So far as I am informed, Lieutenant-Governor Jacob's offense was making treasonable and seditious speeches, calculated and intended to weaken the power of the Government in its efforts to suppress the rebellion. His arrest was advised by Doctor Breckinridge and other prominent loyal men of Kentucky. General Burbridge will address you fully on the subject upon his return. I have had no communication with him since the 14th instant, and do not know his present location.

Respectfully,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch, received this p.m. from General Wilson, is forwarded for your information.+

I have to-day a dispatch from Admiral Lee, dated Flag-ship Fairy, Tennessee River, off Chickasaw, Ala., December 27, which says he arrived at Chickasaw on the 24th instant, and destroyed a new fort and magazine, as well as all the visible means of the enemy for crossing the river below Florence. He also destroyed a number of flats and pontoons at Garner's Ferry, where the enemy crossed his prisoners on the 19th. The day he dispatched me he destroyed two guns and caissons at Florence Landing. Hood's troops arriving near Florence are said to declare that they do not know where his main army is; that they had orders to scatter and care for themselves; and that no Ten-

---------------

*See Part I, p. 807.

+See Wilson to Whipple, 4 p.m. 28th (p. 397), omitting that portion beginning "I send Lieutenant Prather," and ending "this side of Lexington."

---------------

