
nessee troops had come to the river since Hood's defeat. One hundred wagons and a great many troops had been grievously disappointed at his destruction of the ferry-boats at Garner's Ferry, which obliged them to move thence up the river. He also states that transports with supplies had arrived at Florence that day, and would go forward to Eastport next morning, where, under the protection of the gun-boats, they would await the arrival of the troops. A dispatch from General Steedman, of the 28th instant, dated at Decatur, says he would start with an portion of his command on the afternoon of that day for Courtland. The railroad is in running order from Stevenson to Decatur. In consequence of the terribly bad weather, almost impassable condition of the roads, and exhausted country, the troops and animals are so much worn down by the fatigues of the last two weeks that it becomes necessary to halt for a short time to reorganize and refit for a renewal of the campaign, if Hood should halt at Corinth. Should he continue his retreat to Meridian, as supposed by many of his officers who have been taken prisoners, I think it would be best for the troops to be allowed till early spring, when the roads will be in a condition to make a campaign into the heart of the enemy's country. I have made diligent inquiries concerning the resources of the country, and believe that an army would find ample supplies on two or three routes south-one in the vicinity of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad; one through the middle of Alabama, from Decatur south; and a third along the west side of the Coosa; all three of which I believe would be practicable in the spring and summer, but are altogether impracticable at this season of the year. If I ascertain, where they can be easily supplied, and from which points they can be readily assembled to make a spring campaign.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 29, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

In my letter of recommendations for promotion, I forgot to mention the name of Bvt. Major General A. J. Smith, whose confirmation I recommend for gallant conduct and good generalship. The names of the two colonels mentioned by him for promotion are Colonel W. L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Colonel L. F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota, for gallant conduct in the battles of Richland Creek and Brentwood Hills before Nashville, December 15 and 16 instant.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FLAG-SHIP FAIRY,

Eastport, Miss., December 29, 1864

Major-General THOMAS,

Enemy are erecting battery on heights above Eastport in position which we formerly and they subsequently occupied. I am annoying their working party. The river has fallen so low that Hood can cross above without interruption from navy.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

