HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 29, 1864-10 p.m.

(Via Paducah.)

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding Miss. Squadron, Flag-ship Fairy, Chickasaw, Ala.:

Your two telegrams have been received.* We have been pressing the enemy as hard as the condition of the roads would permit, and have succeeded in taking some few prisoners, probably 500 or 600, since the enemy crossed Duck River. From the best information I have at this time. Hood's losses since he invaded the State of Tennessee sum up as follows: 6 general officers killed, 6 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner at Franklin, 13 in all, and about 6,000 men killed, wounded, and taken prisoners at same battle. On the 8th [7th] instant, at Murfreesborough, he had one general officer wounded, about 70 men killed, and 207 taken prisoners, and losing 2 pieces of artillery. In the two battles of the 15th and 16th instant, before Nashville, he had 1 lieutenant-general severely wounded, 1 major-general and 3 brigadier-generals, with 4,462 officers and men, made prisoners, besides losing 53 pieces of artillery and over 3,000 stand of small-arms. During his retreat we have captured 15 more guns and from 1,500 to 2,000 prisoners, and a large number of small-arms have been picked up by the way. Citizens report here that he passed this place with his army completely disorganized, except the rear guard, composed of about 5,000 men. He destroyed a considerable quantity of ammunition at this place, besides abandoning an ammunition train of 15 or 20 wagons about a mile beyond. Your efficient co-operation on the Tennessee River has contributed largely to the demoralization of Hood's army. General A. J. Smith, commanding Detachment Army of the Tennessee, will probably reach Clifton by Sunday next (January 1, 1865) where transports are expected to meet him, to take his command to Eastport. Please afford him every assistance in your power in effecting a secure lodgment at Eastport, and as I consider the Cumberland River now entirely safe, I will be obliged to you if you will have a strong force kept on the Tennessee, to keep open the navigation on that river. In concluding this dispatch, it gives me great pleasure to tender to you, your officers, and men my hearty thanks for your cordial co-operation during the operations of the part thirty days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 29, 1864

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Washington:

The necessary orders have been given for Colonel Wright, with one division of construction corps, to go to Savannah.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to Brigadier General D. C. McCallum).

---------------

*Probably 27th and 28th, pp. 371, 389.

---------------

