
that I might facilitate this by our taking post on the river at the earliest possible moment at which subsistence could be obtained there. Hence the reference in my note of 12.30 p.m. of the 27th instant in regard to taking post on the Tennessee River for ulterior objects beyond the present pursuit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. WOOD, Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The last of the rebel army having been driven across the Tennessee River, the major-general commanding directs that the pursuit cease, and that you march with your corps to Huntsville, Athens, and vicinity, and there go into camp for the winter, and attend to the reorganization of your command and fitting it generally for an early spring campaign. The Cavalry Corps, with the exception of one division, has also been ordered to Huntsville, for the winter. Should you be unable, from badness of the road or scarcity of forage, to march directly to Huntsville you can come back to this point and march from here, or you can march direct and send your wagons by this route, via Elkton. The major-general commanding the forces in the field tenders his thanks to yourself, your officers and men, for the vigor bravery, and willing endurance of privations and hardships displayed by your command during this long and toilsome pursuit on the retreating rebel army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Lexington, Tenn., December 29, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Division commanders will at once send back their pioneer brigades to the rear, to repair the road or cut out new roads from this point to a point eight miles back toward Pulaski. Each brigade must be under command of a competent and efficient field officer. General Elliott's pioneer brigade will repair the road from this point to a point three miles back; General Kimball's pioneer brigade will repair the road from a point three miles in the rear to a point five miles and a half in the rear; and General Beatty's pioneer brigade will repair the rest of the road to a point eight miles in the rear.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 29, 1864

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Commanding Army of the Ohio, Columbia;

Can you inform me how many flags were captured by Twenty-third Corps, including battle of Franklin and since?

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

