
DALTON, December 3, 1864.

Captain H. A. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

My picket-lines are attacked. The enemy has sent in a flag of truce. I will not surrender.

J. B. CULVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The steamer Kentucky, with three companies of Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and 170 infantry, has returned, not being able to pass a battery near Harpeth Shoals. A courier has just arrived with dispatches from Colonel Thompson, from Johnsonville, that his force will reach here to-morrow afternoon. A courier says that he could not reach General Cooper, at Centerville.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

DANVILLE, December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General S. S. FRY:

Mr. John Ferry has just reached here direct from his home, three miles east of Perryville; he met a party of twenty-five or thirty guerrillas near his house, was pursued and fired upon by them, but escaped. The guerrillas were moving toward Harrodsburg on the pike between Perryville and that place. Can you send a squad of fifteen or twenty mounted men here to-night? Telegraph line has just been [cut] between here and Lebanon. Please reply.

W. L. GROSS,

Captain and Assistant Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS,Springfield, Ill., December 3, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Northern, Department:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report* of Colonel B. J. Sweet, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding post of Chicago, in regard to the late attempted insurrection at that place and the release of the prisoners of war at Camp douglas be rebel officers and the treasonable order known as the Sons of Liberty. That it was their plan to release all the prisoners of war in this State and Indiana and burn and pillage the country (if successful at Chicago), there is no room for doubt. This order of Sons of Liberty exists in

---------------

*See November 23, Part I, p. 1077.

---------------

