
Second Brigade: One hundred and twenty-third Indiana, Colonel McQuiston, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana, Colonel Zollinger; One hundred and thirtieth Indiana, Colonel Parrish.

Third Brigade: Eighth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

These brigades will be increased by the addition of new regiments, as soon as the latter shall join the corps. The One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry is assigned to the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Major-General Couch commanding. The One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio and hundred and fortieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry are assigned to the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Brigadier-General Cox commanding. These regiments will be assigned to brigades by the division commanders. This order will take effect immediately. Regimental commanders will accordingly report without delay to the generals commanding divisions to which they are assigned.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Camp, Nine Miles from Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Forces in the Field:

The head of my column encamps to-night nine miles from Pulaski, awaiting my supply train. Hereafter, if the roads continue as good as we have found them, we will make from twelve to fifteen miles per day with the supply train. Learning that Hood has gone to Corinth, I will take all necessary precaution until the cavalry arrive, and then feel them. If sufficiently re-enforced, shall I attack? I will be prudent, you may depend.

Very respectfully,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Camp in the Field, December 29, 1864

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have your division in readiness and move to-morrow morning, December 30, at 9 a.m. in rear of Third Division, and taking charge of train.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

