HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Camp in the Field, Tenn., December 29, 1864

Brigadier General K. GARRARD, Commanding Second Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you have your division in readiness and move to-morrow morning, December 30, at 7 o'clock, the Second Division in front.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel J. B. Moore, commanding Third Division.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication of 4 p.m. yesterday has been received. The rebel army having been entirely driven across the Tennessee River, the major-general commanding directs that you send one division of your corps to Eastport, to remain during the winter. To this point, Major General A. J. Smith, with his command, has also been ordered. You will proceed with the remainder of your force to Huntsville, Ala., put it in camp for the winter, and attend to its reorganization, equipment, remounting, and making general preparation for an early spring campaign. To this point and Athens, the Fourth Army Corps, Major General T. J. Wood commanding, has also been ordered. The region of country about Huntsville is very productive, and from it you will be able to draw much forage for your command this winter. Should the division sent to Eastport be unable, from bad roads or scarcity of forage, to march directly across the country, it can be sent back to this place and across, by way of Lawrenceburg and Waynesborough, to Clifton, at the latter of which places forage can be sent it by steamers. This is the road taken by General Smith. Should the main portion of your corps be unable, for similar reasons, to march directly to Huntsville from where you now are, it can also return to this place and march down the roads leading parallel to the railroad, or you can march across the country and send your wagons by this route. The major-general commanding tenders his thanks to yourself, officers, and men for the vigor, skill, bravery, and endurance displayed by your corps in this long and toilsome pursuit of the retreating rebel army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Blue Water Creek, Ala. December 29, 1864-3 p.m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of dispatches from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, December 28, 12 m., and 1 p.m. Croxton's brigade, 1,500 strong, marched from Taylor's Springs this morning via Gravelly Springs, to Waterloo, with instructions to cross the river at that place, and, if possible, destroy the Bear Creek bridge. No orders to the contrary having been received, Croxton was sent his command being in better condition to accomplish the work

