
than Hatch's, the latter having not to exceed 3,000 men out of the 4,500 with which he started from Nashville. Without orders to the contrary I will not substitute Hatch, as by so doing one entire day will be lost. Croxton will reach Waterloo to-morrow afternoon. I will send to the bend of Elk River to see about the cattle reported to be there, but I doubt the accuracy of the information. I have had a party on Elk River and all along the Tennessee between there and Bainbridge: they report nothing of the kind. A prisoner who was with the cattle herd of the rebels escaped from them day before yesterday, within six miles of Bainbridge.

In my dispatch to you yesterday from this place I urge the necessity of the major-general commanding designating some point for the concentration of the cavalry, for the purpose of feeding, recuperating, and completing its organization; with a view to this I suggested Waterloo or Tuscumbia. If this meets with the approbation of General Thomas, I can move the whole command to that place, now that I am so near Florence, much more easily than I can return to Pulaski, and if the transports have reached Florence rations can be sooner obtained. I shall, in that case, be ready to co-operate with any movements of General Smith, or any other portion of the army south of the Tennessee, with my whole cavalry force. In this connection I would respectfully suggest that it is too weak to allow of any detachments. I doubt if forage can be obtained at Pulaski, and I am quite sure it cannot be on the road from there here. To get there will therefore require a large detour and take some time. I have sent a staff officer to Florence to open communications with the gun-boats and obtain information of supplies. Having found some corn in this valley I shall remain here until I receive a reply to my dispatch of last night.

All the information I can gather indicates an intention of the enemy to go to Corinth. Should he do so Florence to Eastport, rather than Decatur, it seems to me, will be points in our future lines of operations, and therefore more suitable as halting places for bad weather and the necessary reorganization. Should my impression be correct I would greatly prefer to go to either at once than to trail back on the road to Pulaski, with the ultimate prospect of returning by the same route to make a new campaign against the enemy. The Tennessee River will afford us a safe supply line as long as we want it, one that cant' be cut by guerrillas and doesn't preclude the use of the railroad from Nashville via Decatur. Should Smith's movement and the one from Memphis compel the rebels to go to Columbus or Selma, a base below the Mussel Shoals would still be very well situated. From conversations with General Wood, I think these view are concurred in by him. Please let me know the wishes of the major-general commanding as soon as possible; and in the meantime I will endeavor to subsist the command in this country, so that if he decides in favor of Tuscumbia or Eastport no time will be lost in moving in that direction. In doing this I rest easy that no military reasons require the presence of the cavalry in the vicinity of Pulaski, and that therefore I shall not displease General Thomas in delaying to return there.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

P. S. - It is very doubtful that the rations of rations from Pulaski can reach us here; I have two days' yet on hand.

J. H. W.

