
also forward five men, Samuel Brown, Albert Cherry, George Yeager, Henry E. Nugent, and Ephraim A. Hill, sent in here yesterday by Lieutenant Jennings, who states that Captain Hazen delivered them to him as men who had straggled from their commands and allowed themselves to be taken prisoners. They had in their possession an informed document, purporting to be a parole, which they were made to sign; they had torn it, but I have the fragments. These men belong to the Second Ohio Heavy Artillery.

Captain Beebe, of the Second Tennessee Battery, now at this post, sent me the inclosed communication relative to an officer of his battery, who was commissioned at Nashville and sent to him when his battery had its complement of officers. This practice on the part of the authorities at Nashville of mustering officers, independently of any recommendations of the commanding officer of the different Tennessee organizations is not confined to the case cited, but appears to be of rather frequent occurrence. Meritorious non-commissioned officers and privates are thus prevented receiving the promotion due them for long and faithful service. As applies to this command, the action of authorities generally appears to me to be at least unjust. The command seems to be regarded as an independent affair, capable of self-government and entitled to but little, consideration. Applications of different kinds are noticed, or not, just as the fancy strikes the recipient of them, and thus both officers and men feel justly dispirited and disheartened. For instance, applications for discharge to enable men to accept commissions have been delayed for months, and telegrams on the subject from me receive no more notice than if they had not been sent. If there was any possible way of reminding them that this was a garrison, and an important one, too, I should like to employ it, though I suppose we must bear it as best we may. It is, in my opinion, very necessary that a board for the examination of officers be appointed immediately. The ignorance of many of the officers is truly deplorable, many, yes the majority of them, being apparently ignorant of the fact that there is any such thing a grammar, or that an officer ought to be able to write. In the Second Tennessee Battery, the officers, Captain Beebe tells me, are of no service to him at all, whereas he has a sergeant who is a valuable man, but who cannot be mustered till a vacancy exists. There are many cases, too, which require the action of court-material; some of the charges are herewith forwarded. The case of Lieutenant Jennings, of my regiment, is one of the most aggravated I know of. I have also a number of men who should be dealt with severely. Cannot a court-martial be ordered to convene here at once?

We are beginning to get forage in again rapidly. Yesterday our train brought in about 1,200 bushels. I want very much to have here a cavalry force which can be used from time to time in scouting about the country.

The permission I received to buy horses has been improved, and now I want saddles and bridles. If I could get about 150 sets of horse equipments I should have a cavalry command ready to throw out at a moment's notice, and I feel sure the result would be advantageous. Will you please order a commissary of musters to be sent here immediately. Many of the officers need to be mustered, and, as pay-day is approaching the sooner it be done the better. I hope we shall have the pleasure of extending the hospitalities of the Gap before long, and that we can show you some improvements. I obtained permission to send Major Bahney off to Camps Chase and Douglas, and in a few weeks I hope to be able to show at least 700 or 800 men. I telegraphed relative to the issue of arms to citizens. This I, of course, wanted to do

27 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

