
by having the loyal men organized into companies for three months- say, to have them regularly mustered and paid by the United States. We could then have a guard in the counties of Hancock, Claiborne, and Lee, which would materially assist in putting down the guerrillas who raise so much trouble about here. I have seen many of these good, loyal men, and they are all anxiously bent upon fighting the rebel bands referred to asking only for arms, &amp;c. I can learn nothing of the rebel cavalry of which you telegraphed me, though I will look out for them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. C. BARTLETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 103. Lexington, Ky, December 29, 1864

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General E. H. Hobson is hereby assigned to the command of the First Division of this military district, vice Brigadier General N. C. McLean, relieved by orders from headquarters Army of the Ohio.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

IRONTON, OHIO, December 29, 1864

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I am on my way to Cincinnati. I telegraphed you from Catlettsburg last night. Expedition a success. Breckinridge defeated and his department broken up. Our loss slight. General and command on way home. Please have rations at Mount Sterling by January 1. All in good spirits. I sent the general's report to Secretary of War, which was my errand from Catlettsburg.

H. P. BARDEN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., December 29, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &c., Washington, D. C.:

The operations of Generals Dana and Davidson from the Mississippi, and General Granger from the Gulf, besides the actual damage inflicted upon the enemy, have induced the Governors of Alabama and Mississippi to call out the militia of their States under the belief that Selma and Mobile were both threatened. The operations in which General Dana is now engaged will probably terminate by the end of this month, and General Granger, as soon as he has secured the large amount of naval stores captured by him, will withdraw his troops from Pascagoula. The militia of Alabama will probably return to their homes

