
still more indisposed than they now are to respond to another call. If. General Thomas should now be able to carry out the intentions of General Sherman in relation to Selma, I can be of material service by operations from the river and Gulf. I will communicate with General Thomas and be prepared to aid him as far as possible.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., December 29, 1864-7 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

A few of my colored cavalry who were captured escaped from Corinth on Monday. They report my cavalry as having struck the road, only five miles south of Corinth, on Sunday. Five miles of road had been destroyed, and they were proceeding south, continuing their Yankee repairs to the road.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, December 29, 1864

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The Mobile and Ohio road is cut by my cavalry below Corinth. The cavalry is ordered to go to Cahaba, if possible.

N. J. T. DANA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., December 29, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

I have just received a telegram from Collierville, stating that some of my colored cavalry soldiers who had been captured had escaped from Corinth on Monday morning, and they state that my cavalry had struck the Mobile and Ohio road only five miles below Corinth, had destroyed five miles of track, and were still at work. My orders were, in case of a heavy garrison being at Corinth, to give it a wide berth; and from the boldness exhibited by beginning their work so near that place, I infer that we have a gratifying prospect of success.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, December 30, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I think, from the tone of General Thomas' telegram of last night that there is very little hope of his doing much further injury to Hood's army by pursuing it. You will perceive that he is disposed to postpone further operations till spring. This seems to me entirely wrong. In our present financial condition we cannot afford this delay. I there-

