
nearly every county in this State and Indiana, and robberies and murders are constantly being committed by its members, as I verily believe, assisted to some extent by refugees and guerrillas from the rebel army. The small force at my disposal, outside of the respective garrisons in the district, and most of which has been turned over to the district provost-marshal for the enforcement of the draft, precludes me from suppressing these unlawful acts. Another obstacle is that all the force in this State are infantry. I would recommend that a regimental of cavalry or mounted infantry be sent to this State. If this were done the garrisons of Rock Island and Chicago could be strengthened (which is very much needed) from the One hundred and forty-sixth Illinois and Forty-second Wisconsin, now scattered over the State, and the mounted troops could operate so some purpose against guerrillas. I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the very efficient services rendered by Colonel Sweet in the late trouble in Chicago. I can cheerfully recommend Colonel Sweet as an able officer and worthy of promotion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHICAGO, December 3, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

They talk of habeas corpus to release the Sons of Liberty arrested. I ought to have authority from the President to hold them, one and all.

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 3, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BROUGH,

Governor of Ohio:

GOVERNOR: I learned yesterday, through sources I cannot disregard, that unusual activity prevails among Confederate refugees in Canada, and that they have it in mind to make an early descent on Cleveland or Detroit, for purposes of plunder and incendiarism. I learn this from one of our detectives, who is, in fact, one of their own number. For this reason I think that it would be advisable to retain in service the Ohio battery now at Cleveland, if you know of no objection to it, and until further orders keep it where it now is. Should an effort be made to enter the harbor of Cleveland by water, the battery would be of great service at that point. My means of obtaining information are so well perfected that in case that any raid should be projected along the Canada line in my department I expect to have the news in season to anticipate it. I need not tell you, Governor, that if anything of this sort is attempted I intend that somebody shall be hurt before it is over, if I have to go into Canada to do it. If the Canadian authorities allow our enemies to enter the territory to organize for hostile purposes, I shall exercise the same right, and if exception in taken it can be arranged

