
fore respectfully suggest whether Schofield and A. J. Smith, with, say, 20,000 men, should not be sent by water to Pascagoula to assist Canby in taking Mobile, and then using it as a base against Selma and Montgomery. This would prevent any of Hood's force from being sent against Sherman, and the capture of Selma would be almost as disastrous to the enemy as that of Atlanta. Thomas, with the remainder of his forces, could certainly maintain the line of the Tennessee to Chattanooga. If Schofield should be sent, the two departments (Tennessee and Kentucky) should be united under Thomas. If Thomas was as active as Sherman, I would say march directly from Decatur to Talladega, Montgomery, and Selma, living upon the country, and anticipating Hood, should he move by Meridian. But I think Thomas entirely too slow to live on the country. He, however, will make the best possible defense. It is said that the rebels have a very large amount of supplies at Selma and Montgomery. If these can be captured and the railroads destroyed, their Western armies cannot get ammunition and ordnance stores. The reason for not suggesting that Schofield move from Vicksburg by Meridian is that the country is mostly stripped of supplies, and at this season very difficult of passage, while that from Mobile is less swampy, and, moreover, the operating army could be supplied by steamers on the Alabama River.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., December 30, 1864

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

I have no idea of keeping idle troops in any place, but before taking troops away from Thomas it will be advisable to see whether Hood halts his army at Corinth. I do not think he will, but think he is much more likely to be thrown in front of Sherman; if so, it will be just where we want him to go. Let Thomas collect all troops not essential to hold his communications at Eastport, if he chooses a part of them at Tuscumbia, and be in readiness for their removal where they can be used.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 30, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have heard from General Wilson up to 3 p.m. of yesterday, and, as his information leads him to think the enemy will endeavor probably to reach Corinth, I have ordered the cavalry to move to Eastport, to operate against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, should Hood really halt at Corinth. Croxton, it is expected, would reach Eastport this afternoon, and I hope to hear in a few days that he has succeeded in destroying Bear Creek bridge. I have heard nothing of General Steedman since the morning of the 28th instant. Trains have commenced running on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad regularly to-day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

