HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Lexington, Ala., December 30, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General BEATTY:

Commanding Third Division:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that about six miles west of this place, on the Blue Water, there is a band of guerrillas, about 100 strong. The general is informed that they harbor near a mill owned by a Mr. Wise, who will give information as to the exact place. The party is said to have about 100 of the finest horses in the country. The general commanding also directs me to say that if you will send a regiment to disperse them and capture the horses he will give on horse to each mounted officer and one to each company, to be used as a pack-animal.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. SHAFFER,]

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Columbia, Tenn., December 30, 1864

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Dept.of the Cumberland, Pulaski, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of December 29, conveying the orders of the major-general commanding for me to move the Twenty-third Corps to Dalton, via Pulaski and Huntsville or Fayetteville. The corps will be ready to move as soon as its trains return from Spring Hill with supplies. I respectfully request the permission of the major-general commanding to visit my department headquarters at Louisville to attend to department business, while the corps is making the march. I can then join it by rail. Major-General Couch will remain in command of the corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN., December 30, 1864

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Pulaski:

Seven of my new regiments have joined, and I have asked General Rousseau to send the other two which have been assigned. I have to make tow consolidations and provide for the muster out of three regiments in a short time. Therefore, I need four more regiments at least to complete my organization. I would be glad if they could be assigned soon, so that I may get my corps in shape as soon as possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 30, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Columbia:

Your telegram of to-day making application for four additional regiments is received. So many regiments on duty in the District of Ten-

