
nessee have been mustered out of service within the last month that I shall be unable to give you any more for the present. Should additional regiments be sent to me, I will assign the four that arrive first to you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 30, 1864

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Columbia:

The One hundred and eightieth Ohio is at Elk River and Decherd, on the Chattanooga road. A regiment goes down to relieve it to-morrow. It already has orders to join you when relieved. The Twenty-eighth Michigan is here and will be sent as soon as I can get it off.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 23rd A. C.,

Numbers 1. Camp near Columbia, Tenn., December 30, 1864

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

II. The following officers are hereby designated to act as staff officers on the staff of the brigade commander. They will report fort duty as soon as relieved from present duty, and they will be respected and obeyed accordingly; Lieutenant and Adjt. George W. Butterfield, Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain George Atkinson, Eighth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Henry C. Lillibridge, regimental quartermaster One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, brigade quartermaster; Lieutenant E. E. Hughson, Eighth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, brigade commissary; Lieutenant David M. Howe, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Thomas J. Weatherby, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, provost-marshal; F. W. Morrison, surgeon One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting brigade surgeon.

M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Two Miles West of Lawrenceburg, Tenn., December 30, 1864

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Field:

The head of my column is four miles west of Lawrenceburg, and all trains will be closed up to this point to-night. Fourteen miles from here we strike the pike, which the good people of the county call a "dirt pike," no better, probably, than the road we have had to-day. We have been detained two hours to-day in crossing Shoal Creek (twice)-quite a stream. I will get forward as rapidly as possible. Regret the rain of to-day.

Very respectfully.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

