
the supply departments are active in filling these requisitions, the Cavalry Corps can take the field in the spring with 25,000 men fully armed, mounted, and equipped.

In order that the great destruction of cavalry horses may be hereafter prevented, I have ordered stabling prepared at cavalry depot at Edgefield for the shelter of at least 7,500 horses, and, in conjunction with Captain John Green, special inspector of cavalry, have taken steps to have sent back all horses broken down by overtook and absence of proper forage before they are completely ruined. I hope by the time active spring operations begin to recuperate between 5,000 and 8,000 horses and I believe that by these means 50 per cent. of the horses, which, under the old system [sic], will be returned to duty and perform better service than fresh horses. It has been the custom heretofore, as soon as a cavalry horse became reduced in flesh, sick, or sore backed, so abandon him or put him out to graze. Those that were abandoned, as well as those that were put out to graze, have generally found their way into the rebel service, or, at least, were entirely lost to ours. Humanity as well as economy, requires that similar measures be taken, to restore the jaded and broken-down horses, to those adopted for sick and wounded men.

The Quartermaster's Department has complained at various times of the enormous consumption of horses by our cavalry forces, and, in order to reduce the expense incident thereto, it has been propose to reduce the number of cavalry regiments. The remedy cannot, however, be applied in that way, without crippling very seriously the military operations. Horses have been killed rather by overwork and injudicious use of cavalry, than by any disposition on the part of the men and officers to neglect them. The cavalry force, instead of being too great, has always been too small to perform the work required of it; it should therefore be increased, rather than diminished. This may be done by completing its organizations, by concentrating it, and by instituting the proper measures for securing its efficiency and by actually augmenting its numbers. It is utterly impossible to find horses capable of performing continuous labor, and it is just as impossible to find men who can bestow upon their horses every care and attention during campaigns as long as those which characterize the war in this country. The work must be decreased,or the numbers, as well as the capacity of men and horses required to perform it must be increased; for only in one way or the other can the necessary time be obtained to give the men and horses the rest absolutely required and to enforce the proper rules of discipline. It is a fact, now generally admitted, that our cavalry has hitherto been overworked, generally deprived of the proper opportunity for drill and discipline, and frequently misused entirely; but, fortunately for the good of the public service, its proper use is now well understood, while the necessity for its complete organization in masses is becoming as the war progresses, a matter of the first importance. With 25,000 men properly organized, armed, and mounted, I hazard nothing in saving, more may be done by the army in the next campaign than ever before; the rebels can be thrown entirely on the defensive; their cavalry can be broken up, or driven behind their infantry for shelter; their railroads and other lines of communication can be cut; and, finally, their infantry can be attacked and harassed beyond endurance.

The performance of the Cavalry Corps during the recent campaign was such as to leave no doubt of its capacity. With complete organi-

