
zation and armament, which can only be obtained by the means herein indicated, it may be depended upon the perform any service that can justly be required of it.

Trusting that the suggestions may meet with the approval of the major-general commanding, and be carried into effect without delay,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL., DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Blue Water, Ala., December 30, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I send herewith, by Captain Carling, a communication in regard to the cavalry.* It is prepared at the instance of General Thomas, and for his action. I have abstained from going into the details of organization, they being sufficiently indicated by the measures already inaugurated. Captain Carling can explain my views upon any point not sufficiently elucidated in the letter referred to. I wish to say, however, the steps I urge in the final reorganization are not intended to be taken till all operations incidental to the completion of the present campaign are finished; but that you may understand our present condition, I send you the following report of effective strength; 270 officers, 5,561 enlisted men, mounted and effective for line of battle; 70 dismounted; 473 unserviceable horses. Of these, Croxton has 1,500; Hatch, 2,500; the balance nearly equally divided between Harrison and Hammond. Should the general determine to order us to a point on the Tennessee, please authorize Captain Carling to take the necessary measures of furnish supplies at the point indicated. Captain Kneeland, of my staff, returned last night from Florence. The gun-boats had been there, and were reported by the citizens to have captured two batteries. Captain Kneeland was informed by the citizens that a detachment of our troops from Memphis had torn up the railroad for fifteen miles, beginning seven miles beyond Tuscumbia and going toward Bear Creek. He could not learn who they were, whether they were cavalry or infantry, or where they had gone. The gun-boats had gone. The river was falling quite rapidly. The enemy had disappeared from the opposite bank. Colonel Spalding reports that they made several elaborate lines of works covering their bridge at Bainbridge. All the information I can gather still points to an intention, very generally expressed, to go to Corinth and winter there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Blue Water Creek, Ala., December 30, 1864-6 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I shall march with my command, via Rogersville, to Huntsville, early to-morrow morning, in pursuance of the orders, received this afternoon. Huntsville, in some respects, will be better than Eastport. Major

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

