
Beaumont, of my staff, will explain fully all the dispositions I have made in carrying out my orders. If you think Croxton's brigade sufficient force for Eastport, I will order McCook to Huntsville; otherwise, he may proceed to the former place as soon as he refits and rests. His chase after Lyon seems to have been a very hard one, and not very satisfactory. I propose to march via Rogersville though the command will probably be delayed in crossing Elk River; from all I can learn, it is not now fordable. Where will army headquarters be?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Blue Water Creek, Ala., December 30, 1864-5.30 a.m.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division:

GENERAL: You will continue your march to the vicinity of Eastport, subsisting your command as you can till supplies arrive there for you. After you arrive there you may organize an expedition for the destruction of the Bear Creek bridge and for obtaining precise information of the ultimate destination of Hood's army. General A. J. Smith's corps is marching for Eastport, also charged with the execution of certain duties, under instructions from General Thomas. You will co-operate with and act under orders of General Smith in any movement he may make to the south of the river. I expect orders for the whole corps to move in that direction to-morrow or next day; but in case I should move in the other direction, detailed instructions will be sent for your future guidance.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bull's Mills, December 30, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,

Commanding Brigade;

GENERAL; Upon arriving at Eastport you will select a permanent camp for your brigade construct stabling for your horses and shelter for your men, and immediately institute measures for putting your brigade in condition for active operations next spring. The balance of your division will probably join you within the next two weeks, and will remain in the neighborhood of Eastport till next spring, unless relieved by some other division of the Cavalry Corps. Until General McCook arrives you will co-operate with General Smith, who is order to Eastport but will take no orders from him except while operation against the enemy in campaigning south of the river. You will make your camp away from the infantry; immediately set to work and gather in all the forage within your reach; make requisition for horses, arms, and equipments necessary for your command. As soon as you have ascertained exactly your wants send a staff officer to the headquarters of the corps, at Huntsville, and authority will be given to him to obtain the necessary supplies and do such other things as may be necessary.

28 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

