
advance of you, that they may give you all necessary information of the enemy, if there is any in your line of march, and of the where-abouts of the Federal forces. When you get in safe distance of our forces you will order Captain Couch to return to Decherd and report to the commanding officer there for duty.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DECATUR, December 30, 1864,

(Received 31st.)

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: Colonel Polly [?], commanding Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, reports that he has captured two pieces of artillery and a few prisoners. The prisoners all report that Hood has crossed at Bainbridge, and I am pushing forward as rapidly, as possible.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

COURTLAND, [December] 30, 1864.

(Received January 1, 1865.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I have the honor to report that the advance of my command arrived at this place last night, 29th instant. I learned that the enemy have reached Tuscumbia en route to Corinth; that General Hood left Tuscumbia Tuesday morning; that Forrest has been at Tuscumbia several days, but is supposed to be moving toward Corinth. I send for orders, hearing a report that the enemy is over the Tennessee River. My whole command is now here, except the cavalry, which advanced to Town Creek. I have captured four commissioned officers and about-men since I left Decatur. Now that General Sherman has taken Savannah, will not Wheeler return toward Chattanooga?

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Leighton, Thirteen Miles from Courtland,

December 30, 1864-2 p.m.

General STEEDMAN:

GENERAL: I am here feeding preparatory to a night expedition after Hood's pontoon train, which crossed this road yesterday, and started from La Grange (four miles south of here) this morning at daylight. I can catch it easily before morning, but it is reported here that Jackson's division (Forrest's command) of cavalry has been ordered back here. Please, therefore, have the infantry come on and camp here (at Leighton) to-night, so that I can securely make this expedition. There is forage within three-quarters of a mile from here, and it being the cross-road it is the best position for a camp. The march from your last camp will be only seventeen miles and a half. There are a few hundred cavalry now in my front toward Tuscumbia; I do not know

