
whether this is Jackson's or not. Most of Roddey's men scattered off to the mountains as we came along here. The rear of Hood's army left Tuscumbia at 1 p.m. yesterday. Railroad is in operation to within four miles of Tuscumbia. Reliable report that our cavalry has destroyed the Mobile and Ohio Railroad for twenty miles, from Baldwyn south. Heavy cannonading heard about Eastport yesterday from 2 p.m. till midnight.

Yours,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Courtland, Ala., December 30, 1864-5.15 p.m.

Colonel W. J. PALMER,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your dispatch just received. The infantry, if it should move now, could not reach Leighton before 2 a.m. to-morrow. You will, therefore, have to exercise your own judgment as to whether you can safely make the expedition without support from the infantry. It is fair to suppose that the pontoon train has a guard at least equal to your own force. The service of your command will be needed to scout in the direction of the river and Tuscumbia. I do not wish you to break down your horses, but leave you free to make the expedition, if you think you can do it with perfect safety. Send me a commissioned officer with twenty-five of your men for courier duty. Please inform me whether you pursue the train or not.

By command of Major-General Steedman;

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN., December 30, 1864.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have received your two dispatches of the 29th, and am more than satisfied with your explanation as well as with the result of your late expedition. The order of the War Department relieving you from the command to which you were assigned has been revoked, and I desire you to return to Louisville and continue a general supervision of the affairs of the department, at least until you can obtain a more desirable command.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Frankfort, December 30, 1864

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON,

Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the forces under my command, operating on the Louisville and Frankfort Railroad, captured, on the 28th instant, near Lockport in Henry County, two guerrillas, by

