
15th and 16th instant; also, General T. J. Wood, on the same dates, who was equally conspicuous. I would also recommend Generals Schofield and Stanley be brevetted one grade in the regular service, for gallantry and good conduct at the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 31, 1864-11.30 a.m.

(Via Nashville, Tenn.)

Major-General THOMAS:

General Grant directs that all of your available forces, not essential to hold your communications, be collected on the Tennessee River, say at Eastport and Tuscumbia, and be made ready for such movements as may be ordered. It is supposed, that a portion of the troops in Louisville and other parts of Kentucky and Tennessee can now be availed of for active operations elsewhere. They should be made ready for that purpose. General Dodge wishes you to return to Saint Louis the Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry, now at Louisville, so that he may complete its organization. Please give us the earliest possible notice of Hood's line of retreat, so that orders may be given for a continuance of the campaign. General Grant does not intend that your army shall go into winter quarters; it must be ready for active operations in the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, December 31, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

General Dana telegraphs from Memphis on the 29th that his cavalry struck the railroad on the 26th, five miles south of Corinth, and were destroying it as they went south. It is, therefore, important that your cavalry keep that of Forrest well employed, so that it will not be able to molest that destroying the railroad in Mississippi.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, Tenn., December 31, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.;

Your telegrams of 11.30 a.m,. and 3.30 p.m. this day are received. I am watching Hood closely, to determine his line of retreat, of which I will inform you as soon as ascertained. I have ordered the cavalry to Eastport, and also General A. J. Smith's command. The Fourth Army Corps has been ordered to Huntsville, Ala., as that place will be convenient to furnish the troops with supplies to refit. I had ordered the Twenty-third Army Corps to, Dalton, but countermanded the order yesterday, upon a report that Hood was moving toward Corinth. I will now order the Twenty-third Corps to Eastport. I have received a communication from General Wilson to-day, dated the 29th instant, in which he represents his cavalry as very much fagged out and in need of rest, and asks that he may be allowed to assemble it at or near Eastport sufficiently

