
long to reorganize and recuperate, shoe up his horses, and organize his trains. His losses in horses have been very heavy since we left Nashville, owing principally to the intolerably bad weather, the almost impassable condition of the country, caused by constant and heavy rains and snow, and the great scarcity of forage along the route over which we pursued the enemy. The infantry, also, is very much exhausted, having been constantly on campaign duty since early last spring. To continue the campaign without any rest, I fear, will cost us very heavy losses from disease and exhaustion. The troops, however, will be assembled at Eastport and Huntsville as soon as possible, where we will await orders. I must say, however, in justice to all the commands, that they have not yet had sufficient time to get supplied with the transportation which General Sherman had, necessarily, to take from them to supply himself with the requisite amount for his march. I had already taken steps, before receiving your telegram of to-day, to refit the troops under my command as soon as possible, so as to commence the campaign again at the earliest possible moment, and I do believe that it is much the best policy to get well prepared before starting on an important campaign.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 31, 1864-12 m.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Flag-ship Fairy, Eastport:

Your dispatch of 29th just received. Do you mean the height at Eastport or on the river above, and how far above? Is there any indications that the enemy is in force or moving toward Corinth?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, December 31, 1864

Captain R. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received General Thomas' dispatch for General Sherman. Officers will leave for Savannah to-morrow morning. Please inform me as to the situation of affairs at front.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, December 31, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER,

Chief of Staff, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your telegram of this date is received. Reports would indicate that Hood will endeavor to halt his retreating army at Corinth, but he cannot do this for any length of time, as General Dana has destroyed the Mobile and Ohio Railroad south from Corinth for some distance. General Thomas' army is being concentrated at Huntsville and Eastport, preparatory to further operations.

Respectfully,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

