SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 302. Nashville, Tenn., December 31, 1864.

I. The Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry will proceed without delay, by rail, as soon as transportation can be furnished, to Tullahoma, the commanding officer reporting, upon his arrival there, to Major General R. H. Milroy.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, December 31, 1864

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: While at Murfreesborough I ordered Major Cobb, of the Twelfth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Cavalry, to proceed to Nashville and collect the members of his regiment there and bring them to the regiment at this place. These were men who had been home on furlough, and were stopped on their return at Nashville by the presence of the rebel army. Major Cobb returned to this post to-day, but without the men that he was ordered to bring. He brought a letter addressed to me from Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe, stating that the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry had been assigned to his division, and requesting me to send this regiment to Nashville immediately. I cannot comply with this request from General Knipe, for he has no right to make such a demand upon me. Furthermore, I have no official knowledge whatever that the Twelfth Indiana has been assigned to the Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, and I cannot obey any order taking this regiment from me, unless it passes through headquarters District of Tennessee. I therefore request that the general commanding order the detachment of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry now at Nashville to join the regiment here without delay.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF MURFREESBOROUGH,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 31, 1864.

Major J. R. WILLETT,

First U. S. Veteran Volunteer Engineers:

The general commanding directs me to say, in answer to your inquiry in regard to rebuilding block-houses, through Lieutenant Conger, that the small detachment of the One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, detailed for the different stations on the railroad, cannot guard the bridges, patrol the road, and at the same time build block-houses. By furnishing all the negroes that could be pressed (about forty) to the officer commanding Block-house Numbers 6. that was destroyed by Wheeler, it was nearly completed in three months. They should be built by the Engineer Corps. I cannot furnish men to build block-houses.

I am, major, respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. H. SHEETS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

29 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

