
which we engaged. The battery we engaged last night was not at Harpeth Shoals, but at Bell's Mills. It is about thirty-five miles from here to Harpeth, while it is only four miles to Bell's Mills-that is, four miles by land, but eighteen by river. The river makes a large bend and comes nearly back to the city. Bell's Landing is in this bend, at the nearest point to the city. I would have gone down to Harpeth to-day, but I heard firing in this direction and thought, perhaps, there would be a general attack, and that my boats might be able to assist you on the right. The heavy boats are so slow that I would not have been able to reach here again until to-morrow afternoon. I will make a thorough reconnaissance down there as soon as possible, and will inform you just as soon as I know the river to be clear. I will then try to arrange regular convoys, but at present, owing to the position of the enemy's left and the crookedness of the river, it would be best for us not to give the rebels the least chance to disable or capture any more of our boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LE ROY FITCH,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding 9th and 10th Dists., Miss. Squadron.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following copy of the telegram just received is respectfully furnished you for the information of the major-general commanding:

CLARKSVILLE, December 3, 1964.

Courier just arrived reports that Colonel Thompson, in command of forces from Northwestern Railroad, will arrive to-morrow.

I. P. WILLIAMS,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. F. FURSLING,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Acting Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 4, 1864-10 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Nothing of special importance since last report. The enemy has extended his lines and thrown up works. Our artillery has been used quite freely to impede his movements, and the replies have been feeble and quickly silenced. At nearest point the rebel skirmish line is about 400 yards from our main works. Citizens and negroes have been impressed to complete the entrenchments, which are now very strong. River falling slowly. Large number of tin-clads and one heavy iron-planted gun-boat here. All quiet at Chattanooga, Dalton, and Tullahoma. No news of Forrest.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

