
On the morning of the 16th the regiment was in line at daylight. About 8 a.m. was ordered to move forward on the left of the Eleventh Missouri. I formed as ordered. Before moving from this position was ordered to move to the rear and center of the brigade as a reserve or support. I moved as ordered until we met the enemy about 400 yards to the front, my left resting near the Granny White pike. We here lay down in line of battle. This was about 9 a.m. We here lay until about 3 p.m. under fire of artillery and infantry. I had several men wounded while lying in this position. At 3 p.m., the grand charge being ordered, the regiment moved forward in good style, at double-quick, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, capturing a great many prisoners, two stand of colors, carrying the enemy's last line of works, and shared with other regiments in the capture of the batteries, both on our right and left. After passing the enemy's works we pushed forward fully a mile beyond, taking in prisoners at every step. Colonel Hubbard here ordered me to halt my regiment to let the men close up. I lay here about fifteen minutes, the regiment all the while pouring in volley after volley at the retreating rebels. My skirmishers here captured three pieces of artillery in the road. I moved the regiment forward to a position on the hills, about one mile beyond this point and two miles in the rear of the works captured. It was now becoming dark; the regiment was ordered to bivouac for the night. This day the regiment lost 5 killed and 46 wounded.

I think it will not be claiming too much when I say the regiment captured in the two days' battle a full battery of artillery, two stand of colors, and at least 500 men, and as many small-arms.

The regiment behaved gallantly-all, both officers and men.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your most obedient servant,

W. B. BRITTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighth Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Vols.

Lieutenant T. P. GERE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 152. Report of Captain Joseph R. Read, Second Battery Iowa Light Artillery, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA BATTERY,In the Field, December 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this battery in the recent engagement in the vicinity of Nashville:

On the morning of the 15th instant the battery moved from its position at 8 a.m. and marched in the brigade, following all its movements in column and line until the enemy was discovered in a strongly entrenched position on our front. Here, by direction of General McArthur, I placed my rifle section in position 200 yards in rear and a little to the right of the brigade line. From this position I fired ten rounds from each gun, when I moved it forward and placed it in position on a slight eminence in front of the brigade, and also brought forward

