
my 12-pounders as fast as I could find positions where they could be used to advantage. I occupied this position until the brigade was moved forward, when I replenished my limber-chests and followed it, and, under direction of Colonel Hubbard, occupied a position on the left of the battery of McMillen's brigade, within 600 [yards] of the enemy's works, on which I opened a vigorous fire, which I continued until the work was carried. I immediately moved forward and placed the battery in position on the left of this work and opened fire on the summit of the next hill, up the sides of which our skirmishers were then advancing. As soon as this position was carried I moved to the front of the work and opened on the enemy's line in the woods and pike 1,000 yards to our front, paying particular attention to a hill to the right of the line, on which the enemy had placed a battery. When this hill was carried and the enemy's line broken by the charge of the brigade, a confused mass of the enemy broke from the stone wall at the pike and started to the rear across an open field. On this ground I opened all my guns with shot and shell, plowing through and exploding amongst them; a larger number of them ran back to the front and reported to Colonel Hubbard, who directed me to open on a battery of the enemy which was firing on the left of our line. As our position was immediately on the enemy's flank and our fire enfiladed him, the battery was limbered up and the whole line moved to the rear after a very few moments. I continued firing until he passed beyond my range, and it being then quite dark I encamped for the night.

During the night I had thrown up a slight work on the front of my guns, and at 5 a.m. was harnessed and hitched up, and at 7 a.m. moved out of our works with the brigade. Changed front to the right and opened fire on the enemy's train, which was in sight, moving to the right and rear. The brigade moving to the front, was soon hotly engaged. By direction of General McArthur I moved one section to the front and placed it in position on a crest to the right and rear of the brigade and in front of the line of the Twenty-third Corps, immediately following it with the other four guns, which I put in position still farther to the right. From this position I kept up a vigorous fire on the enemy's line until the final charge at near 3 p.m. As soon as the line was carried I moved three guns (all for which I had any ammunition) to the front, following the brigade and opening on the enemy from every favorable position. At dark I encamped with the brigade, bringing forward during the night the balance of the battery.

During the two days I expended 1,500 rounds of ammunition. I had but a single casualty during the whole engagement, and that resulted from the accidental, premature discharge of one of the pieces.

To my lieutenants, Coons and Burk, I am indebted for prompt and efficient assistance. My non-commissioned officers and men uniformly behaved with coolness and gallantry.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. REED,

Captain, Commanding Second Iowa Battery.

Lieutenant T. P. GERE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

