
being told that we were ordered to advance, I gave the command forward. The ground in our front was such that we passed one-third the distance before we were fairly under fire, and after that our movement was so rapid that the enemy could give us but two or three volleys before we were at their works. The work was a heavy stone wall, with a ditch on the inner side, and the outer face strengthened with earth and rails, so that it was almost impossible to scale it. Had the enemy made a determined stand they might have inflicted very serious injury on us before losing their works, but their line having been broken on the left, and our advance being so rapid and determined, they were thrown into a panic and fled from their works in confusion, leaving their colors, guns, caissons, and hundreds of prisoners in our hands. After the work had been taken I moved by regiment rapidly forward for about half a mile, when, the charge being finished, I was ordered to the rear to pick up prisoners and captured property. In this charge, as on the previous day's, it was impossible to get a list of what we had captured. Large numbers of prisoners were taken charge of by officers of other commands. I collected about 200 prisoners and sent them under charge of my own men to Nashville. On going to the rear I found on the line of works charged by our brigade, 4 12-pounder Napoleon guns, with caissons complete, one army wagon, and about 400 or 500 stand of small-arms, all of which I collected and turned over to a proper officer, after which I moved my regiment to the front and bivouacked for the night. My loss in this day's fight was 1 man killed and 11 wounded. During the charge on this day there were four flags captured by men of my regiment, but two of them, captured by Privates Samuel H. Flint, D Company, and Michael Wivinis, I Company, were afterward thrown down by them, in order that they might continue the pursuit of the enemy. I still have in my possession two flags, one a large regimental flag, captured by Corpl. Luther Kaltenbach,* F Company, and a battery flag, captured by Private A. J. Sloan,* H Company.

I take great pleasure in mentioning Captain S. G. Knee, H Company, acting major; Lieutenant D. W. Reed, C Company, acting adjutant; and Lieutenant H. C. Morehead, D Company, acting quartermaster, for their valuable services rendered on the field. Assistant Surgeon Underwood stood faithfully to his post and dressed the wounds of our men where the fire was hottest. Chaplain Humphrey rendered invaluable service in caring for our wounded on the field and in the hospital. Sergeant-Major Burch and Color-Sergeants Grannis and Clark displayed skill and courage in the performance of their duties.

I desire to call your especial attention to the fact that during the two days' fight my regiment was almost entirely unofficered, all the line officers of my regiment except four having been mustered out of service on the 1th instant, and all my companies being commanded by sergeants; during the fight all did their duty nobly, and are deserving of an especial mention; but to mention particularly deserving ones, I would have to name all, as every man of the regiment did his whole duty.

I transmit herewith a list of the casualties in my regiment during the two days' fight.+

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. STIBBS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant HENRY HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

+Embodied in table, p.101.

---------------

