
wad deployed as skirmishers. Some few moments later the command was moved still farther to the right and formed line of battle, moving across an open field in rear and to the left of the Bradford mansion, under a heavy artillery fire, until they reached the ravine, when they were again moved to the right and facing the enemy's works. At 4 p.m. the line moved forward; crossing the open field and passing through the enemy's work, formed on the left of the Thirty-third Missouri.

Of both officers and men I cannot speak too highly, as all were prompt and efficient at all times and under all circumstances. Captain McKelvey, Company K, and Captain Dixson, Company G, being first in the enemy's work on the 15th, deserve great credit for their courage and bearing during the charge. Lieutenant Washburn, Company A, commanded Company E as skirmishers on the 15th, until recalled before the charge, and was slightly wounded by a shell while skirmishing with the enemy. Lieutenant Whiting M. Wetherill, commanding Company H, being deployed with his company to skirmish, on the 16th, and becoming detached from our front by the continued movement to the right, seeing the lines formed and charging, gallantly led his men forward and was first to enter the fort of four guns upon the right front of the Fourth Corps, pushing forward and pressing the enemy until dark, when he rejoined the regiment.

I inclose herewith list of casualties of the command.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. SNYDER,

Captain Company F, Commanding.

Lieutenant HENRY HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 156. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Bradley, Seventh Minnesota Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, December 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Minnesota Infantry in the engagements of the 15th and 16th instant:

On the morning of the 15th instant the regiment, commanded by Colonel William R. Marshall, moved out from camp near Nashville, with the brigade to which it belongs, at 6 a.m. They moved out on the Hardin pike about a mile, when they formed line of battle and halted. During this halt the extreme right of the army appeared to be quite heavily engaged. Company B of my regiment, commanded by Captain A. H. Stevens, was ordered to advance and deploy as skirmishers in front of the regiment. Soon after the whole line moved forward, crossing the Hardin pike obliquely to the left, until they arrived in front of the enemy's works, about three miles from the camp we had left. Here our line was moved somewhat to the left, which brought my regiment into an open field, where they were ordered to lie down, while the artillery in our line opened upon the enemy. The enemy were posted

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.101.

---------------

