
upon a range of high hills, upon which they had erected strong fortifications, from which it was our business to dislodge them. The regiment lay in the field before referred to until the first of the fortifications on the enemy's left were charged and taken by the brigades of our division upon our right, when our brigade was moved forward to a hill opposite a fortification still occupied by the enemy, conforming our movements to those of the troops upon our right. We were shortly moved forward again to the foot of the hill upon which the fortification last named was situated, from which point we charged the enemy in his works, driving him in confusion. The regiment moved rapidly along the enemy's line to a second fortification, a little distance off, again driving the enemy, and forcing him to abandon three of his guns and caissons. From this point we poured a most galling fire upon the retreating enemy. By the death of the gallant officer commanding our brigade, Colonel Hill, of the Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, who was killed just as he reached the top of the hill upon which the fortification was situated, Colonel Marshall was called to the command of the brigade, and the command of the regiment devolved upon me. It was now dark, and the regiment bivouacked in its place in brigade for the night.

In this action the regiment lost seventeen men wounded, whose names appear in my report of casualties herewith furnished. Lieutenant A. A. Rice, of Company B, was severely wounded while in the skirmish line. He is a gallant officer, and performed his duties up to the time he was wounded with courage and ability.

In this day's action the regiment captured over fifty prisoners, who were turned over to the provost-marshal-general, and shared with the other regiments of the brigade the capture of three guns.

On the morning of the 16th instant we again moved upon the enemy and took a position on the left of the Twelfth Iowa Infantry, in the front line of the brigade, behind a fence directly in front of a strongly fortified position held by the enemy. The right of the Twelfth Iowa rested on the Granny White pike. The enemy was protected by a high and thick wall of stone, which was strengthened by earth thrown up against its front along a portion of the wall and by large rails planted firmly and slanting from the top of the wall to the ground along the remainder of it. Inside the wall cannon were planted, and deep pits dug for the protection of the men against our guns. Outside the walls, and somewhat advanced, were barricades made of rails piled closely together, with rifle-pits behind them, from which the enemy's sharpshooters continually fired upon our line. Here my regiment remained the greater part of the day, the left of the line keeping up a fire upon the enemy the most of the time. We had some men wounded while occupying this line, and two killed in advancing to it. A heavy cannonading upon the enemy was kept up the whole day by the batteries upon our right and in our rear. Toward the close of the day a charge was made upon the enemy's works, commencing upon our right, the brigades of the First Division moving rapidly, one after the other, until the whole line was in motion. My regiment moved forward with the line, in the face of a heavy fire of grape and musketry, passed over the works of the enemy, who were completely routed, capturing their guns and many prisoners. The ground over which the regiment passed was soft; a portion of the way was a corn-field, rendering the rapid movement of the line exceedingly difficult and greatly adding to the hazard of the movement. We advanced as far as a high hill beyond the line of works where we charged the enemy, and bivouacked for the night.

