
In the charge the regiment captured 4 of the enemy's guns and more than 200 prisoners, making with those taken the day before 250 prisoners taken by them. Major Burt, of my regiment, had charge of the brigade skirmish line during the day, and discharged his duties with his usual skill and fidelity. Our losses in this days' fight were 43, 7 killed and 36 wounded, whose names have been furnished in a previous report. The most of the losses occurred in the charge. Captain McKelvy, of Company I, and Lieutenant Potter, of Company E, were both wounded in this charge, the first slightly, the latter somewhat severely.

In conclusion, I ought not to omit to mention Corporals Sylvester, of Company I, and Dowling, of Company B, who bore the colors of the regiment in both days' fights. Cool and intrepid, they pushed steadily on through the terrific charges made upon the enemy, unserved by the "leaden rain and iron hail" which fell thickly around them, mindful only of the honorable duty of bearing the colors erect in the van of the fight. Assistant Surgeon Mattock was constantly with us in the field, fearlessly exposing himself wherever his presence could benefit the wounded, and faithful and untiring in the discharge of all his duties. Doctor Ames was on duty at the hospital during the fight, by order of the division surgeon. Chaplain Edwards was active and zealous in his ministrations to the wounded, constantly and efficiently exerting himself in their behalf. Of the officers of the field, staff, and line of the regiment I can only say that the conduct of all was such that any distinction would be invidious. It is enough to say that all were earnest, zealous, and efficient in the discharge of every duty. Lieutenant Potter, though wounded by a shot through the arm, still pressed on with his company, and did not fall back till the works had been carried. The conduct of the men present in the two days' engagement was unexceptional; they were fearless amid the dangers of the battle, and cheerful and uncomplaining in enduring the hardships and exposures of the bivouac and the march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. BRADLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant HENRY HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 157. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Near Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers in the battles of 15th and 16th of December, 1864, at Nashville, Tenn.:

On the morning of the 15th instant, at about 7 o'clock, the regiment moved out, pursuant to orders from Colonel Hill, commanding Third Brigade, and was formed in line north of Hardin pike and on the right of Third Brigade, connecting on the right with the Second Brigade,

