
orders to intrench for the night. While this order was being executed there was a general movement of the lines to our right, and a charge was made upon the rebel works. This regiment, with the Twelfth Iowa and Seventh Minnesota, was ordered to move forward and carry the enemy's position in front of us. Passing over the stone wall and through a plowed field, we received a terrible direct musketry fire from a brigade of the enemy posted behind a stone wall in our front, and a very galling cross-fire of canister from a strong and well-handled battery to our left. Seeing the left flank of the enemy's infantry already turned by the First and Second Brigade, I ordered my regiment to wheel to the left and storm his works and battery in that direction. This was done in the most gallant and successful manner, the men pressing eagerly forward through the first line, and being the first regiment to display their colors inside that portion of the enemy's works. Expecting a counter movement from the enemy's reserves, I here halted the regiment momentarily to reform the line, and immediately thereafter advanced about one mile through the rebel encampment to the foot of a chain of bluffs, being joined by numbers of men, who, in their impetuosity, had entered the works in advance of their regiments. No resistance was offered by the enemy to our farther advance until we arrived at the foot of the bluffs. Here we were met by a hot but succeeded in silencing them by sending out a few skirmishers. It being again near dark, farther pursuit was refused, and we received orders to bivouac in line for the night.

During this day the skirmishing was done by Company G, under command of Lieutenant Rutledge, and subsequently by Company C, Captain Campbell, who relieved Rutledge about noon. Both companies did excellent work in annoying the rebel gunners, and both joined in the final charge.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the gallant men and officers who thus carried strong defenses manned by the flower of Hood's army of veterans. The coolness and determination of their advance were beyond all praise. They fired but little, pushing ahead at the double-quick and saving their ammunition till they should come to close quarters.

Among the losses I regret to number Adjt. S. Edward Day, of Saint Joseph, Mo., and officer of the first ability and conspicuous gallantry. He received a mortal wound during the heat of the charge, while bravely cheering on the men to victory. Also, Lieutenant Thomas Rutledge, of Saint Louis, at the head of his noble company, received a wound which it is feared will prove fatal. Beloved by all for their manly patriotism and social qualities, they were mourned sincerely by every brave comrade.

The regiment went into this day's battle with 280 men, and lost 43 killed and wounded.

Appended is a full list of casualties in the two days' battles.*

Very respectfully,

WM. H. HEATH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant HENRY HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 101.

---------------

