
For the detailed action of brigades and regiments and special mention of regimental officers I have the honor to refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders herewith inclosed.

My loss, I am pleased to report, is small, only 4 officers and 160 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

ASST. ADJT. General, DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE.

No. 160. Report of Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

In the Field, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to report the following as the part taken by the First Brigade in the battle of the 15th and 16th instant, before Nashville, Tenn.:

On the morning of the 15th instant, agreeable to orders, the brigade marched out in front of our works and formed line of battle in the center of the division, the Third Brigade on my right, and the Second Brigade on my left. About 10 a.m. we advanced in line with the division, having thrown a strong line of skirmishers to the front. We advanced steadily, our skirmishers soon coming in contact with those of the enemy, and driving them steadily backward until out line reached a large house, about a mile from the place of starting. Artillery was moved forward and put in position on the right of my brigade. The One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry was posted on the right of an supporting the artillery. This regiment, with the Eighty-ninth Indiana and One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, formed the front line, while the Twenty-first Missouri was placed a short distance in the rear as a reserve. A heavy artillery fire was opened from the Ninth Indiana Battery and the Second Illinois, Battery G, upon the enemy in our front, the men being ordered to lie down in the ravine. Late in the afternoon we again advanced in line with the division, our skirmishers going up close to the enemy, and the artillery continued to play with effect upon the enemy until about 5 p.m., when the enemy fled, the skirmishers of the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois capturing one battle-flag. The enemy having fled from their position, we were ordered to go into camp for the night.

In the morning of the 16th we advanced with the division, our skirmishers soon coming in contact with those of the enemy. We moved forward by order, and took position on the left of the division near some works which the enemy had abandoned. The Ninth Indiana Battery being near the center of my brigade, was moved forward to a house on the crest of the hill, from which position they opened a terrific cannonade upon the enemy's lines, which was continued for several hours. The officers and men of that battery displayed the greatest coolness and courage during the conflict, although often subjected to the most terrific fire of shot and shell from the enemy's batteries. I would here

