
a colonel. I make this explanation, as I am informed nearly every regiment in the command claim to have captured him. I also captured Colonel Voorhies, of the Forty-eighth Tennessee, one surgeon, and several line officers, all of whom were duly delivered to the provost-marshal of the division, or otherwise disposed of by orders. The four last guns captured were the battery of Captain Beauregard, son of General Beauregard, as I was informed by a member of the battery captured near it.

I shall not attempt to particularize in regard to the acts or conduct of the officers and men of my command, only to say that they did whole duty, with perhaps a very few exceptions. I must, however, speak in favorable terms of Lieutenant and Adjt. H. S. Buck, who was on hand at all times and rendered me all assistance in his power in keeping my regiment in order. He is cool, brave, and active, and deserves promotion.

The casualties in my regiment were very few. I lost none killed and had but 8 men wounded, a list of which is herewith forwarded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS J. KINNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. D. SAWYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 162. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST MISSOURI INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twenty-first and detachment Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry Volunteers in the battle of Nashville, Tenn.

About 7 a.m. on the 15th instant the command moved from its entrenched position and formed in rear of the brigade as a reserve. An advance soon commenced. After marching about one mile and a half came under the enemy's artillery fire; remained in position until about 3 p.m., again advanced. About 4 p.m. the general advance was made, the command executing the movements of the brigade; the enemy retired and the command went into camp. On the following morning, about 7 o'clock, the command moved in the same order as on the previous day. After advancing about one mile and a half were ordered to the front to support the Ninth Indiana Battery. About fifty men engaged the enemy's skirmishers. After remaining about an hour the brigade moved up to our position and the command was again ordered in reserve. Remained until the general assault was made, then moved forward; was held and ordered to wait the advance of the reserve line of the left. In about twenty-minutes advanced, and joined the brigade about one mile and a half to the front and went into camp with it.

Casualties: Davis Goodwin, private, Company D, Twenty-first Missouri Volunteer Infantry, slightly wounded.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant SAMUEL D. SAWYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

