
here nearly enough, and before I get the requisition number of horses will probably have quite enough horse equipments to fit out the command. I will get my headquarters and the cavalry brigade off as soon as I possibly can after receiving an answer to this from you, and will leave Miller to come along with his brigade as soon as he can. There are 1,400 horses here for issue in the Government stables, and the Fourth Michigan takes 800 of them to-morrow. While I individually am disposed to do all that I can to get the division in the field, and to the assistance of the command at Nashville as soon as possible, and have no desire to keep it here, as it is doing no earthly good ot itself or any one else here, still I think that although we might assist in relieving the temporary pressure by hurrying into the field poorly armed and equipped (through probably not sufficiently to affect the ultimate result), that the material and permanent interests of the service would not be as beneficially affected as if we were allowed to remain here and get into proper shape before entering the field.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., Commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs me to say that he has used every exertion to stop the straggling, plundering, and stealing from the citizens in this vicinity by the soldiers of this command; as yet, however, it has been unavailing. He therefore directs that your order a detail of 300 men, under an efficient field officer, to report at once at these headquarters, for the purpose of establishing a line of sentinels in front of this camp. He desires you to have a roll-call at once, and punish severely all men absent without proper authority.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

(Same to Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, commanding Sixth Division, and Brigadier General J. F. Knipe, commanding Seventh Division.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: The officer who commanded the reconnaissance sent to investigate the reported crossing of the enemy at Bell's Mills, reports that he has visited the place of the alleged crossing, and finds no enemy there; that they captured two boats there, or near there, last evening and commenced unloading them; that our gun-boats coming up shelled the enemy, drove them off, reloaded the boats, and brought them away.

