
in each, which I ordered to be taken to the rear and turned over to any officer that might be found in charge of the same, without counting them, therefore I am valuable to give the number captured by my regiment. The command, without halting at the rebel works, continued to move forward, capturing prisoners, until we reached near the crest of the hill in rear of their works, when the command was halted and went into camp for the night.

The following is a list of the casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. S. MAIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-second Regiment Indiana Vet. Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant J. D. COBINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 173. Report of Captain John B. Gandolfo, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. 178TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received, I have the honor to report the following part taken by my command in the actions of the 15th and 16th instant, near Nashville, Tenn.:

In the engagement of the 15th the One hundred and seventy-eighth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry acted as reserve for the Third Brigade, Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee. While passing by the flank in the front of the enemy's works, Private William H. Weber, Company E, One hundred and seventy-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, was killed by a musket-ball in the head; Second Lieutenant H. Hackenberg, Company H, One hundred and seventy-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, was slightly contused in the leg by a spent ball, and Private James Malone, Company F, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, was wounded by a musket-ball in the left hand. At the close of the day's engagement the regiment charged with the brigade, when the enemy was driven from their works.

On the second day's engagement, December 16, the One hundred and seventy-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers acted as reserve for the Third Brigade, Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, and, after being under artillery fire all day, charged with the brigade, when the enemy's works were carried, there being Corpl. William Ramage, Company A, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, wounded in the right arm by a piece of shell.

The conduct of the officers and men was excellent, displaying courage and steadiness, which, together with the rapidity of movements, brought them from the reserve to be among the foremost at the enemy's position when carried.

Casualties: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 officer and 2 enlisted men.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. GANDOLFO,

Captain, Commanding 178th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.101.

---------------

