
No. 174. Report of Captain John W. Lowell, Battery G, Second Illinois Light Artillery, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, SECOND ILLINOIS ARTILLERY,In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn., December 24, 1864.

SIR: As acting chief of artillery of the Second Division, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries of this command during the actions of the 15th and 16th instant near Nashville, Tenn.:

I was in command of my battery until 2 p.m. of the 15th, when the general commanding ordered me to act as chief of artillery of the division. At this time Battery G, Second Illinois Artillery, was stationed near the brick house, to the left and front of the Third Brigade, in a much exposed position, but its six guns working with rapidity and effect upon the batteries of the enemy, one of which was in front of the left of the division. The Ninth Indiana Battery had two Rodman guns directly in rear of the Third Brigade, and seemed to be doing effective work for long range. The Third Indiana Battery, being in rear of the Second Brigade (which was to the left of the point where the Fourth Corps intersected our line at right angles), was not readily found by me, and did not get within the range of the enemy's works until the final charge was made and the works carried. Following the movements of its brigade again it was not inside the enemy's works in sufficient time to shell the retreating enemy, and consequently did not fire a shot during the day. I wish to call the attention of the general commanding to this fact, not to blame any one, but to suggest that had it not been for the notion of batteries adhering to and operating with brigades, this excellent battery might have been doing great damage to the rebels instead of remaining perfectly idle. At about 3.30 p.m., the infantry having been moved to a more advanced position, I secured a more advantageous position for Batteries Ninth Indiana and G, Second Illinois, massing their ten guns in the open field, in front of and from 800 to 1,000 yards from the rebel batteries, which were soon effectually silenced. As soon as the division entered the enemy's works, the batteries followed, and encamped with their brigades about 1,000 yards in rear of the captured works. During the progress of this afternoon's fight I went up to our skirmish line to ascertain, by the aid of my field-glass, the exact position of the enemy's lines and batteries. I passed around to the left where the Fourth Corps intersected with the Second Division. I saw the position of both lines, and was witness to the charge by part of the Second Division. I know what parts of the rebel works were in their front, and what they first entered, and in behalf of the batteries I claim their share of the rightful honor belonging to the Second Division of capturing three of the enemy's cannon.

On the morning of the 16th, by my direction, Battery G, Second Illinois, drew out to the road one caisson and one gun, which the enemy had attempted to drag off the field, the other two guns being left where they were captured, being near the pike. As the division advanced to the enemy's second line of works, Battery Third Indiana, being with the Second Brigade on the right of the line, was first brought into action. Up to 12 m. it held its first position to the right and rear of the Second Brigade, doing excellent work, silencing one battery and

32 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

