
BUCK LODGE, TENN., December 4, 1864.

Lieutenant H. D. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Gallatin, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you yesterday at 4 p. m. it was reported to me by a citizen that about twenty guerrillas had crossed the railroad between Buck Lodge and South Tunnel, and that perhaps the railroad was damaged. I sent immediately a patrol toward South Tunnel, and found that at a point one mile south of Buck Lodge, and half a mile north of the brigade picket, four rails had been removed from the track and the telegraph cut. I ordered my men to repair the track, and the same time stopped the passenger train which was just coming down. The telegraph was repaired by the engineer. You will allow me to say that the act was done in full sight of the bridge picket, and that it could not have been done if the workmen on the railroad had made application for a guard instead of working without. I was with my company at skirmish drill at the same time, not more than half a mile from that place, and heard the hammering, but as I knew the workmen were there I had no suspicion.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADAM BUCK,

Captain Company A, Commanding Post.

TANTALON, December 4, 1864.

Major HOFFMAN:

I have just returned from Elk River bridge; there has been no enemy heard of in that vicinity, and neither the road nor telegraph has been disturbed to Murfreesborough. Breckinridge is reported at McMinnville. The officers at Elk River bridge say they have heard cannonading all day in the direction of Nashville.

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

MURFREESBOROUGH, December 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Chattanooga:

Hood is now front of Nashville. No communication between this and that place. Heavy firing heard in that direction between 10 and 12 o'clock last night. It may be an effort was made to take some block-houses, or perhaps fight at Nashville. A. J. Smith and force was at Nashville on the 30th with two corps and a piece. General Steedman was recalled on the 1st instant, though I fear two of his trains were captured; one of them got off the track, and both were delayed till the 2nd instant. It is reported the trains were captured, but not the troops. A heavy battle was fought at Franklin on the evening of the 30th. The rebels charged and took two lines of entrenched rifle-pits, so they say, and wanter to take the third. Have Captain Leadenbetter prisoner here, who was at the fight. He says the rebel slots nine generals, five killed and four wounded, and between 5,000 and 8,000 killed and wounded. The battle began about one hour by sun and lasted until 11 or 11.30 o'clock. They made repeated efforts to take by assault our third line, but failed. I believe Schofield and Stanley

