
IV. The Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry will relieve the garrison of the Twelfth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Cavalry at Block-houses Nos.14 and 15 [first two north of Tullahoma] immediately. These block-houses will be garrisoned as follows: At 14, fifteen men and an officer; at 15, ten men and a non-commissioned officer; at 16, fifteen men and an officer. The detachment will take the first train.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Milroy:

J O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, January 3, 1865-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General GRANGER:

Send me by telegraph to Lynnville to-day the most reliable information and facts you have as to the course Hood's army has taken and where it is most likely to halt. I want the best and most reliable information you can give me; if possible, I wish to know to a certainty.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

[Same to Major-General Steedman.]

DECATUR, [January 3, 1865]. [Received 4th.]

Major-General THOMAS:

Your telegram of this date is received. Two negroes who came in day before yesterday from Tuscumbia report that Hood passed through Tuscumbia a week ago last Sunday; that his army was in a deplorable condition, many of his men being without arms; that they saw but eight pieces of artillery-four with Stewart's and four with Stevenson's divisions-they heard that your force had cut the road between Tuscumbia and Corinth, and that Hood was making for some springs in Mississippi-they said Pond Springs. This is all I have been able to gather. Have sent your telegram to General Steedman, and will telegraph immediately soon as hearing from him.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, January 3, 1865.

Captain ROBERT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The pontoon bridge was completed this afternoon. General Steedman not yet arrived. General Wilson ordered all the cavalry to report to him at Huntsville. I understand he has since left for Eastport. Can I now retain my cavalry when it comes in with General Steedman until more can be sent to this district? It will certainly be in no condition to march to Eastport. They can hardly be said to be mounted, the animals are so poor. They have been constantly in the field since the 26th of November.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

