
DECATUR, January 3, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

General Steedman and his command will be here to-morrow, and leave immediately on the cars for Chattanooga. His withdrawal from here leaves us uncovered, with only 600 infantry for garrison. The cavalry was all ordered to Huntsville by Major-General Wilson. I feel no immediate apprehension for the safety of the post, but think re-enforcements should be sent here. The fortifications are much out of repair, and could not e held against any considerable force. The work at this post will e considerable if we are to prepare for a large amount of supplies. there is now cover whatever.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, January 3, 1865.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Paducah, Ky.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 31st ultimo, inquiring whether Columbus, Ky., has been transferred to the District of West Tennessee, by direction of General Orders, 288, of November 28, 1864, I have the honor to inform you that the order cited does not affect that post, but that it remains under the command of the officer commanding the Military District of the State of Kentucky. All troops east of the Mississippi River, up to the mouth of the Ohio, are subject to the orders of Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.

I am, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., January 3, 1865. [Received 10.30 p.m.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Major-General Burbridge has just returned from a most successful expedition in Southwestern Virginia. I have taken from him several regiments of colored troops which he has raised and sent them to the Army of the James. In this operation he has thrown his whole influence, which is very great in Kentucky. The colored troops are to be formed into a corps with the Army of the James, and I know of no officer who deserves the command of that corps more than General Burbridge. There are a large number of U. S. prisoners at Selma. Give General Burbridge authority to take 5,000 mounted men, and he will quietly move through Cumberland Gap and undoubtedly release these prisoners and restore them to their homes.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., January 3, 1865.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit for your information copies of letters from George D. Prentice, of Louisville, to Hon. E. M. Bruce,

