
and from J. H. Clemmons, Richmond, Va., to Doctor Marsh, the originals of which were captured during the recent raid of my command in Virginia. Brigadier-General Gillem has in his possession letters of a similar purport, which I will transmit to you so soon as received from him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure 1.]

JOURNAL OFFICE, Louisville, Ky., January 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. BRUCE:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 10th of November, addressed from Madison, Ga., to my son, Major Prentice, of Abingdon, has just been sent to me by your wife. I have just written to her to try to tell her how much I thank you, but perhaps you may one day know the full extent of my gratitude. I have given aid to many Confederate prisoners, and I will give aid to many more, if opportunity affords. If you see Clarence, you can say to him that I omit no chance of serving those who have served with him and love him. I wish he would write to us. Say to him that his silence is almost unkind. May God reward you, Mr. Bruce, for all your goodness.

Forever your friend,

GEORGE D. PRENTICE.

[Inclosure 2.]

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, Richmond, Va., December 3, 1864.

Doctor MARSH:

There is nothing very new in this town, save the arrival of george D. Prentice, of the Louisville Journal. His excuse for coming is to see his son, who is indicted for murder. He represents that Kentucky is in truly a deplorable condition, and the worst state of despotism reigns there. The feds have his partner, Shipman, prisoner, bound, and would have done him so but for fear of public sentiment. He says that before he left Bramlette visited him, knowing that he was coming, and that he represents his sentiments when he says there is great dissatisfaction with the Government of the United States existing among the people of the State, and that all the people would rise up if an army could go there. He says to our people that we had all better be buried in one common grave than go back into the Union; that our only hope is to fight on, extermination being preferable to subjugation. He talks more encouragingly than any of our own people, and has imparted new life to some of them. the Feds have sent out Frank Wolford and Lieutenant-Governor Jacob, as Ould, the commissioner of exchange, informed me yesterday. The Louisville Journal of the 25th, however, states that the matter has been reconsidered, and they are permitted to return. He had a private interview with the Secretary of War, and expresses a strong desire to see Davis, but up to this time he has not been invited to see his majesty, as Foote would say. The war news from Georgia is thought to be tolerably good, as the enemy has done nothing there but steal "taters," negroes, &amp;c. I believe Sherman will get to the coast with but little trouble. Hood is up about Columbia, Tenn.,

