
and will, I believe, fall back on the enemy at Chattanooga and open the road through East Tennessee to this place. We hear heavy firing below this city, and no doubt they are doing a little work in that direction. I don't think Grant can do anything with Uncle Bob till he gets Sherman to help him, which, I fear, is Sherman's object in going to the coast. If, however, Sherman does, Hood in Kentucky and Price in Missouri, we will be able to do them much damage. The people have got over the panic occasioned by Sherman's move, and are now tolerably hopeful.

I should have remarked, when talking about shat Prentice says, that he further remarked that the people of Kentucky were looking with the profoundest interest to Hood's move, and much desire that he shall enter the State. I have not heard a word from home since you left. I am expecting a letter every day. I received yours of the 24th ultimo, and was glad to hear of your gallantry and good luck in escaping unhurt. I again caution you about exposing yourself, as you can never get promotion among the Dukes and Brekcinridges. I would do my duty, and nothing more. If you will recollect, no man has ever been noticed for gallantry either by Morgan, Breckinridge, or Duke, who has not come from Lexington or thereabouts. I don't think I will ever have any respect for any such men.

We have been much engaged in Congress discussing in secret sessions a grave question; we will get through it to-day, and then our sessions will be more open and interesting to the public. The negro question I regard as being settled, as there are but few who favor putting them in the army as soldiers. There is a determination upon the part of all officials now to put every man into the field, and a great desire for Hood to go to Kentucky, as it is believed he will get a large army there. Should he go there I shall immediately go home and try and get up a command. I have some arrangements to get up a brigade which I think I can. I have some young men who will assist me who represent that they can raise a company or companies. I am sure I can get up the wind. If we go to Kentucky there will be the greatest time ever known under the sun.

I send this by "C. D. K.," whom you will remember as the "Courier's" correspondent. I will write you again, when an opportunity offers. On yesterday Ould, the commissioner of exchange, proposed [voluntarily] to get Mike exchanged. I hope to get him out by the 1st of January. I have now said all I know.

Yours,

J. H. CLEMMONS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., MIL., DIST. OF KY.,3. Lexington, Ky., January 3, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

V. Colonel T. D. Sedgewick, One hundred and fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, with his regiment, will proceed without delay to Virginia, via Parkersburg, W. Va., and report to Major General B. F. Butler for duty. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

