
LEXINGTON, KY., January 3, 1865.

Colonel R. H. EARNEST,

115th U. S. Colord Infantry, Paris, Ky.:

Hold your regiment in readiness to move to-morrow by rail. Wait orders by mail from these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Mechanicsburg, Miss., January 3, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA:

GENERAL: On the morning of the 28th we attacked the enemy at Egypt, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and whipped them, capturing about 500 prisoners, mostly infantry, and a train of cars; thence we swept west and southwest through Houston and Bellefontaine, Miss., to the Mississippi Central Railroad, striking it at Winona. Sent detachment north, to Grenada, and another south, along the railroad. Moved with main column, via Lexington and Benton, toward Vicksburg; will be in Vicksburg on the 5th. Since last dispatch have destroyed ten or twelve miles more of the Mobile and Ohio road, about thirty miles of Mississippi Central road, captured and destroyed three serviceable locomotives and eleven more in process of repair, about fifty cars, large cloth and shoe factory, machine-shops, pile-driver and engine, 700 head of Confederate hogs, and immense amounts of commissary, quartermaster, and ordnance stores. We have with us about 600 prisoners and 800 head of captured stock. Our loss is about 100 killed, wounded, and missing. Will give particulars in my official report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 4, 1865-7.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I hear nothing, either through revel papers or direct, from Granger's movement from Pascagoula. I would like to have Canby operate against Mobile this winter, with such force as he can collect from his command, but I will not send any troops to him from Middle Tennessee. If Hood goes south from Corinth, order A. J. Smith and two divisions besides to Baltimore, Md., to be thrown where they may be wanted on arrival.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 4, 1865-3.45 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Pulaski:

Deserters during a forced retreat can seldom be trusted; they should therefore be held, at least for the present, as prisoners of war.

---------------

*See Part I, p.844.

---------------

