
In particular cases, where you are fully satisfied of the character of the parties, they may be permitted to take the amnesty oath; but even then they should be paroled not to leave a particular locality.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 4, 1865-10 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I send the following dispatch from General Steedman, Courtland, received this evening, for your information:

Colonel Palmer's guide, left by him at Bull's Mountain, reports that Palmer burned the enemy's pontoon train, and had gone toward Pikeville to destroy a train of 600 wagons, intending to return by Danville road. A scouting party from my advance at Leighton found enemy's cavalry in strong force near Russellville. A deserter reports that Hood has been ordered back to Cherokee, and thence to Tuscaloosa.

I have also received a dispatch from General Granger, at Decatur, of this date, in which he says that he learns from two negroes, just come in from Tuscumbia, that Hood's army passed through that place in a deplorable condition on Christmas day, many of the men being without arms. They saw but eight pieces of artillery-four with Stewart's and four with Stevenson's divisions. They say, also, that they understood the railroad had been cut between Tuscumbia and Florence, and that Hood was making for some springs in Mississippi, which they call Pond Springs. I have had reports from General Smith, who will probably reach Eastport this afternoon, and also from General Croxton, who is at Waterloo. General Schofield is now on his way to Eastport. General Smith informs me that the reports he has had are to the effect that Hood is at Corinth. I will start for Eastport immediately upon the arrival of my wagons at this place, probably on Saturday, the 7th instant.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FLAG-SHIP FAIRY, Clifton, January 4, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

Many and hearty congratulations on the various summary of your successes this campaign in your telegram of 29th, received at Eastport last eve. Foggy weather and a rapidly falling river prevented my reaching and destroying Hood's pontoons at Bainbridge, six miles above Florence. Escaped prisoners say the rebels declared the gun-boats could not get over the shoals to their pontoon bridge. Hood crossed at Florence last fall, lousing the bridge piers to secure his pontoons. General Jackson's three crossings were, at the military ferry, Carp's Creek, one mile below Florence, or at Melton's Bluff, twelve miles above Big Mussel Shoals and thirty-six miles above Florence, and at Deposit, 120 miles above Florence. Bainbridge was not a regular ferry, and my clever pilot thought the water was too swift there for a crossing. Hood must have been sorely pushed to have resorted to such a place on the shoals. I broke up his ferry at Garner's, Cane Creek, twelve miles

