
below Florence. Hood will probably never venture north of the Tennessee again. My officers and men will be highly gratified, as I am, at your acknowledgment for the cordial co-operation of the navy during the last thirty days.

S. P. LEE,

Rear-Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 4, 1865-8 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The corps arrived in this vicinity this evening, and it will be encamped near this place to-morrow morning, on suitable ground in reference to sanitary and other conditions. Requisitions will be at once made for all supplies necessary to meet your views in reference to coming events, and an officer will be sent to Nashville at once with requisitions for the supplies, and I respectfully request that General Donaldson be directed to fill the requisition as soon as presented and send the supplies to this place without delay. The bridge over Paint Rock being destroyed, I will send a regiment to that place to-morrow, to assist in crossing supplies, &amp;c., over the creek.

TH. J. WOOD,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Indian Creek, Ala., January 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

First Division:

GENERAL: The general-commanding directs that you march at 6.30 a.m. to-morrow for Huntsville. Your division will lead, General Beatty's will follow. An officer will meet you out of Huntsville, to show you where you will camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Indian Creek, Ala., January 4, 1865-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,Second Division:

The general commanding directs that you march for Huntsville to-morrow at 6.30 a.m. A staff officer will meet you out of Huntsville, to show you where your camp will be. Generals Beatty and Kimball will camp on Indian Creek to-night. General Beatty is now going into camp, and they will start in the morning at 6.30. Corps headquarters will be in Huntsville to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

