
LOUDON, January 4, 1865.

General J. AMMEN:

I have no information of rebels at Madisonville, except a band of guerrillas, numbering variously from fifteen to fifty, which has been in and about there for the last two weeks. Have you any suggestion to make? I will be on the lookout and warn my pickets.

FRANK S. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 5, 1865-3.05 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your letter of recommendation has not reached this department. I have been waiting and holding all nominations back until you were heard from.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, January 5, 1865. [Received 11.50 a.m. 6th.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram of 3.05 this day received. My letter of recommendation was forwarded on the 25th of December, 1864, addressed to Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff, or his assistant adjutant-general. For fear it has miscarried, I will have a copy made and sent on immediately. I have received no dispatches from the different commands to-day, but am satisfied all is moving along right.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 5, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The inclosed copy of a letter from General Sherman gives information in regard to his success in foraging his army and supplying it with horses and mules during his late operations, which, it is believed, will be of interest to you. One of the most difficult tasks of the quartermaster's department is to supply forage for the great number of animals of the armies while resting in advanced positions. Cannot a system of foraging on the border, or in the rebel country, be adopted which will relieve the Government of a large portion of the heavy expense of purchase and transportation of forage? Cannot the cavalry and trains be camped in many cases at some distance from the main body of the army, in a country which will supply them with a large portion of their forage, and yet within call and supporting distance of the infantry, changing the camps from time to time as the forage is exhausted?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. THOMAS,

Asst. Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, and Bvt. Brigadier General

