
bility of obtaining forage for his horses between Pulaski and the Tennessee River while in the recent pursuit of Hood's army; also during his march from Athens to Eastport.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 6, 1865.

Respectfully returned. Attention invited to the letter herewith.

J. H. WILSON,Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that during the pursuit of Hood's army and the march from Athens to this place, it was with the greatest difficulty forage could be obtained in sufficient quantities to keep the horses of my command in marching condition. From this scarcity, the percentage of loss was very great, both from actual starvation and diseases partly induced thereby. If the command could have taken time to search for grain during the march, it could have been found, but in that event but little damage would have been inflicted on the enemy. In districts not traveled over by contending armies commands of cavalry marching through them for the first time experience but little difficulty in obtaining forage. But 10,000 or 15,000 horses can consume the surplus of a very rich district in an incredibly short time. No system depending upon the enemy entirely can be devised for keeping and feeding our cavalry force, and therefore depots of grain and hay must be provided when cavalry is to be put upon a basis of thorough sufficiency. Foraging is necessary, proper, and effective during the progress of a campaign, but is always expensive through the fact that it gives license to the men and overwork to the horses. Whenever cavalry is to rest and recuperate, the quartermaster's department should furnish the necessary supplies.

I have the honor to be,, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., January 5, 1865.

Major P. O'CONNELL,

Commanding Pontoon Train, Decatur:

Remain where you are until you receive orders from these headquarters.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

33 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

