HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL:

The general commanding directs that you send out forage parties, with sufficient guard, for the purpose of procuring forage for the animals of your command, in the direction of New Market and Fayetteville, or in such other directions as your information will lead you to think that forage can be obtained. Nothing must be taken by these foraging parties but forage for animals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Same to Generals Elliott and Beatty.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send a regiment to Pulaski to-morrow, for the purpose of escorting the artillery and artillery train of this corps, which was left at that place, to Huntsville. Let the regiment report to Major Goodspeed, chief of artillery, Fourth Corps, who will leave here at about daylight to-morrow morning for Pulaski, and who will call for it at your headquarters on his way. The regiment will take five days' rations, and leave behind in camp all barefooted men and those who cannot make the march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Chief of Staff, Fourth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following for the information of the general commanding the corps: In compliance with orders of the 3rd instant, I made a forced march of twenty-three miles on the 4th; delayed and my division much harassed by the supply trains of the First and Third Divisions, which I was directed to follow. The censure of the general commanding, implied in the communication referred to, if the facts were known by him, would not have been given; and as I am informed by him that the instructions to march my division until sundown were not directed by the general commanding, it is proper that he should know that his instructions to me were exceeded by the assistant adjutant-general of the corps. The staff officer from headquarters of the corps instructed to assign my division to its camp on the 5th did not halt my column until it had passed beyond the ground designated, and then could give me no information as to the facilities for obtaining water for my troops. After examining the

