
country for some distance in the locality designated, I had to encamp my command for the night until I could have time to make further examination.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

4. In the Field, Waynesborough, Tenn.,

January 5, 1865.

1. Brigadier General N. C. McLean, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General D. N. Couch, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major-and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Waynesborough, Tenn., January 5, 11865.

Major General D. N. COUCH,Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that it is doubtful whether your supply train will get up to-morrow, and you had better remain in camp until further orders, as it is not desirable that you should move before your supplies arrive, or it is certain that they may be at Clifton. Please inform these headquarters when your trains get up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Athens, Ala., January 5, 1865.

Major WILLIAM R. PRICE,Chief Inspector Cavalry, War Department:

MAJOR: I inclose for your information a copy of a communication to General Whipple in regard to the continuance of the measures for the cavalry reorganization.* As you will see, it was written under the impression that we should be allowed the privilege of going into winter quarters and completing the work systematically. Since it was written the indications are that this will [not] be allowed, and, therefore, what is done must be done quickly. I have, therefore, suggested to General Thomas the propriety of sending the dismounted brigades north of the Ohio River, with authority from the Secretary of War, if it can be obtained, to impress what horses may be needed; and seems to me the Government can a great deal better afford this measure than to allow us to go into the field without the cavalry or

---------------

*See p.429.

---------------

