
paign the horses of this command have been very hard worked and poorly fed. Grease-heel is again making its appearance and disabling quite a large number. I am, however, trying to save them by sending those infected, as well as those that are sore backed or otherwise disabled, to Nashville. I have directed Captain Wilson and Colonel Miner to push forward the erection of stabling with the greatest possible rapidity, in order that these animals may receive what in humanity as well as in economy they are entitled to-good treatment, shelter, and proper food. By these means, with the proper vigor on the part of the officers charged with the duties, 6,000 or 8,000 horses ought to be got ready by the 1st of April. As soon as the stables are ready I will get every horse that is worth it into them.

I see by the papers that Captain Irvin advertises daily sales of broken-down cavalry horses, and am told that those of the class which are turned into his corrals die almost by hundreds daily. It seems to me that the judicious expenditure of money in securing the proper care for horses which are now down by overwork, ill use, and short feed would save many valuable animals to the service and much expense to the Treasury. The corps will be concentrated at Eastport as soon as it can march there; and in case more horses than enough for Upton's division can be obtained they might be sent directly to that point by steam-boat. Hatch will require 2,000 or 2,500; Knipe, from 3,000 to 4,000; Johnson's wants could be supplied in the usual way. It is may intention, however, to take every man, whether mounted or dismounted, into any campaign which may be inaugurated south of the Tennessee. I also wish to solicit your active co-operation in securing Spencer carbines for the whole command. The reasons are too well known to you to require a recital at my hands. I am sure, too, from the active and most efficient measures which you have adopted in remounting and arming the command, you will do all in your power to assist in the completion of the work. Please write to me, at Eastport, what chance there is of getting the carbines, and how soon, under the pressure of an impending campaign whose completeness depends upon the cavalry, you will probably be able to supply the demand for horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Athens, Ala., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General ROBERT S. GRANGER,

Commanding District of Northern Alabama:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday in regard to the detachments of cavalry serving in your district. Having carefully considered the subject, I cannot consent to the proposition you make in reference to the Second Tennessee, for by so doing it will separate that regiment permanently from the division to which it has been assigned. It and detachments of Indiana regiments ought to be returned to duty with their respective regiments and divisions. The reckless and ill advised system of scattering the cavalry of this military division in small squads over the country has been productive of more harm than good. It is only by breaking down such a system and concentrating the cavalry into proper brigades and divisions that we can ever hope to regenerate the cavalry service

