
in the West. To this end I have assigned every regiment to a division and am endeavoring to get the divisions together. If successful in this I hope to be able to effectually dispose of the enemy's cavalry, clean out guerrillas, and lend the proper co-operation to the general operations of the infantry. To leave the broken-up and demoralized detachments which are in your district in their present condition would invite rather than repel such operations as you anticipate on the part of Roddey's command; but, in pursuance of the instructions of General Thomas, a division of three brigades, under the command of General Johnson, has been organized for the purpose of looking after the country between Decatur, Chattanooga, and Nashville. If the regiments which belong to it can ever be got together, they will be fully able to accomplish all that may be required of them. The Fifth Tennessee and the Fifteenth Pennsylvania form the Third Brigade of this division, and, when united, ought to make a force of 1,000 good cavalry.

Finally, general, you must allow we cannot overcome the rebels or protect our own lines of communication by remaining on the defensive in block-houses. The only sure way of our disposing of the rebellion is to excel the rebels in the power of offense and in the capacity to use this power. Cavalry, you know as well as I do, properly organized, is essentially the element of mobility in an army, the arm with which to inflict injury on the enemy's communications. The performance of the cavalry in the recent campaign entitles it to a separate existence and organization. It must be got together, or it cannot be organized. I hope you will give me all the assistance in your power, and in return I assure you no effort will be spared to rid the country of guerrillas as well as regularly organized cavalry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA, Decatur, January 5, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: You certainly misunderstand me. I do not desire to retain the detachments of Indiana cavalry, referred to in your note just received, only recently mounted on broken-down horses without instructions and badly disciplined. They can in their present condition be of but little service anywhere. I cheerfully give them up. But the Second Tennessee is not likely to invite a raid from Roddey's cavalry, and could be of excellent service to me, and I regret you do not find it expedient to permit them to remain.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I omitted to state that the cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Prosser is still absent with Major-General Steedman. It will be ordered to report to you as soon as it returns.

R. S. G.,

Brigadier-General.

