
department. Hurry Upton's arrangements and Knipe's. Johnson will have to be mounted last. I shall leave here on the morning of the 7th. Send out all the detachments, mounted or dismounted, that belong to Hatch's and Hammond's commands; also the men of the Seventh Ohio and Fifth Iowa, as I shall probably transfer these regiments out of the Sixth Division, and the Fifth Tennessee to it. Let me know how the stables are progressing, and what measures are being taken to collect the broken-down horses in pasture in Tennessee and Kentucky. See that no horses are sold by Captain Irvin that can be recuperated. I have written and telegraphed to everybody for the horses that are needed to remount us. They can be more easily delivered at Eastport than elsewhere. Tell Carling to exert himself to secure good mules, good transportation, and a supply of ambulances.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Widow King's, near King's Ford of Town Creek, January 5, 1865.

Major MOE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place at 3 o'clock this morning. I destroyed the entire pontoon train of the enemy, consisting of 80 boats and about 200 wagons, near Nauvoo, Ala., and captured all the mules except what the drivers were able to ride off on. The train was a finely appointed one, and I regretted that the presence of two brigades of the enemy's cavalry between my force and our lines prevented me from bringing it off. From Nauvoo I went on to Itawamba County, Miss., and captured and destroyed, on the Guntown road, a supply train of General Hood's of 100 wagons with the mules. On returning I found the enemy's cavalry, under Armstrong, Roddey, and Russell, disposed to prevent my egress. I evaded them by crossing from the vicinity of Bexar to the toll-gate on the military road; thence, via Howell, to Thorn Hill, on the Biler road, and back via Mount Hope. On the top of the mountain, six miles above Mount Hope, I encountered Colonel Russell with the Fourth Alabama Cavalry; attacked and utterly routed him, capturing his four wagons, with all his baggage and headquarters papers, and as many of his men as our tired horses could overtake. I have here about 150 prisoners. My horses are much jaded.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,Decatur:

It is not intended to make a depot at Decatur, consequently no great amount of building will be requisite.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

