
NASHVILLE, January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER:

A brigade has been ordered from the Fourth Army Corps to re-enforce you.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD DEFENSES, Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865.

Lieutenant SAMUEL M. KNEELAND,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur, Ala.:

I have the honor to report that I visited Paint Rock bridge yesterday. The bridge is being rapidly rebuilt, and will, I think, be completed by Saturday night; the master builder says by Friday. This bridge is 100 yards long, forty-yards of which will be saved, leaving sixty yards to be rebuilt. I find on further investigation that my report of the loss of the bridge is substantially correct. The Fourth Army Corps has arrived here, and General Wood, who commands it, has sent a regiment there to transfer rations across the river. The corps is encamped outside of town, and thus far its presence here has not affected the administration of affairs at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin Veteran Vol. Infty., Commanding.

ATHENS, TENN., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General J. AMMEN:

We have sixty men in Madisonville. The rebels fell back to Jellico. There are not more than 200, commanded by Captain Lea, of Vaughn's command.

JAS. HOWE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 6, 1865. [Received 2.25 p.m. 7th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

General Wilson, commanding Cavalry Corps, asks that, in view of operations following the concentration at Eastport, immediate steps be taken to furnish him with 10,000 horses and all the Spencer carbines to be had. He says, if the Cavalry Bureau cannot furnish the horses in fifteen or twenty-days, authority should be obtained from the Secretary of War to impress horses in Indiana. Ohio, and Illinois. The magnitude of the interests at stake warrants it.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

General Hatch, commanding Fifth Cavalry Division, Military Division of the Mississippi, requests authority for Second, Third, Sixth, Seventh,, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry to recruit in their respective States. Will you permit it?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

