HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 6, 1865.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Send the brigade to the depot at once. The train is waiting there prepared to take it to Decatur.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[JANUARY 6, 1865.-For General Wood's address to officers and soldiers of the Fourth Army Corps, see Part I, p.139.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, Waynesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1865.

The major-general commanding desires to impress upon the officers and soldiers connected with these headquarters the necessity and propriety of refraining from committing depredations upon the property of citizens, particularly where headquarters are established. Such property as may be required by the troops, and for the use of animals attached to headquarters, will be seized by the proper officers and accounted for, and all unauthorized foraging and plundering will be severely punished. It is hoped the officers and soldiers about headquarters will set an example worthy the emulation of all the other troops, and consider the premises upon which headquarters may be established as under the special protection of the major-general commanding.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Waynesborough, Tenn., January 6, 11865.

Major General D. N. COUCH,Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your supply and forage trains will probably reach you some time to-morrow, though not until quite late in the day. After they arrive you may continue your march to Clifton, and General Ruger will follow you. There is no reason for special haste. There are no boats, provisions, nor forage at Clifton, and one division of General Smith's troops is still there awaiting transportation. What forage we have will be equally distributed among the divisions, and we will have to economize as much as practicable. I will go to Clifton to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

