
When the rations of the command fail provisions will be seized in the country, memorandum receipts being given. Indiscriminate pillage is forbidden. If any complaints of this character reach these headquarters, the general commanding will hold the officer of the regiment responsible.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SEVENTH DIVISION, Camp, near Athens, January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant HENRY E. NOYES,Acting Assistant Inspector-General:

LIEUTENANT: I am nearly through shoeing, and will march as ordered. My sick were conveyed this evening to McDonald's Station, where there is a switch, and whence the hospital train can take them,, as the temporary hospital is along side the track. My supply of shoes was totally insufficient, causing me much delay. I will go into town myself in the morning with a detail. Please get some nails for me, that I may finish my shoeing the other side of Elk River; my supply is exhausted.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, January 6, 1865-12 m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

The rebel leader Lyon, recently from Kentucky, passed through McMinnville yesterday evening with about 800 men, two pieces of artillery, a small wagon and ambulance train. They had a skirmish with Captain Cain, at McMinnville, and captured some of his men. They crossed the railroad between Decherd and Elk River bridge at 2 o'clock this morning, and passed around Winchester, right and left, in two bodies. A portion of the Forty-third Wisconsin were stationed in Winchester. I had no information of them till they passed. They were well mounted and had a large number of led horses, and were going in the direction of Larkinsville or Huntsville, and are going to try to cross the Tennessee River.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, January 6, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My regiment are stationed as follows: Fifty-eighth New York at Stevenson; One hundred and sixth Ohio at Block-houses Nos.29 and 35, inclusive, with reserve at Stevenson; Twenty-ninth Michigan at Cowan, Tunnel, Tantalon, Anderson, Bass, and Block-houses Nos.20 and 28, inclusive; Forty-third Wisconsin at Block-house 17 to Decherd, inclusive; Forty-second Missouri at Block-houses Nos.14 and 16, inclusive, headquarters at Tullahoma; One hundred and fifteenth Ohio from Block-house 1 to Duck River bridge, both inclusive except those destroyed by the enemy. So many of the One hundred

