
and fifteenth Ohio were captured that two important bridges between Nashville and Murfreesborough are without guards, and I have not the force to take the place of the One hundred and fifteenth Ohio captured.

B. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF MURFREESBOROUGH, Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1865.

Major JOHN O. CRAVENS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that complaints are almost daily brought to me of the conduct of certain men who style themselves "home guards," said to be organized at Shelbyville by one Captain Worthman. These men go about the country and, without warrant, take from the citizens horses and mules and forage, without giving receipts or vouchers; enter houses, order their meals, search trunks and bureau drawers; all, I suppose, in the name of the Government of the United States. I am told that a perfect reign of terror exists at and in the vicinity of Shelbyville. I am further informed that the said Captain Worthman, in less than three days, paroled about 150 rebel deserters, on his own authority and contrary to positive orders from department headquarters. I shall send a party to examine and collect evidence,, and, if circumstances warrant, to arrest all the offending parties, when I will make a full report. A few days since Lieutenant Sheets, acting assistant adjutant-general, arrested and sent to Tullahoma a man who represented himself as belonging to the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, furloughed by his captain and surgeon; unfortunately, the names of the men-the captain and surgeon-were not taken.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

NASHVILLE, January 6, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

The major-general commanding directs that you make a report, as soon as possible, of the number and stations of the troops in the District of the Etowah, and also inform him whether you can now dispense with the services of the troops belonging to General Sherman's army, orders having been received to send them at once to Savannah, if they can be spared.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 6, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

One of Morgan's regiments belongs to Nashville; shall it be sent there? Is Colonel Salm's brigade to be distributed to its former place, or go intact to Chattanooga? I cannot cross Paint Rock till 3 p.m. to-morrow, and will reach Chattanooga to-morrow night. All the troops now bivouacked here. Answer at Larkinsville or Stevenson.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

