
NASHVILLE, TENN., January 7, 1865-9 p.m. [Received 3.30 a.m. 8th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

A copy of my letter of recommendations for promotion, sent on the 25th of December, 1864, was mailed to-day, the first copy not having reached the hands of the honorable Secretary of War, as he telegraphs me. Two brigades of McCook's division of cavalry will leave here to-morrow for Eastport. Long's division is en route from Louisville for this place, and will immediately move forward for Eastport upon arrival here. Wood's corps [the Fourth] is concentrated at Huntsville, and is being refitted for a continuation of the campaign. Smith's and Schofield's troops will probably be concentrated at Eastport by the 11th instant. Clothing and other supplies have already been sent to Eastport for them. I hope to be able to get off for Eastport myself to-morrow.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP FAIRY, Eastport, Miss., January 7, 1865-11 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

Your telegram from Pulaski, 31st of December, was delivered after my dispatch boat had left, on 3rd instant, with one telegram from General A. J. Smith and two from me to you. General Smith is now landing about half his force on the cleared heights back of Eastport formerly occupied by the enemy and subsequently by our army. Accounts of Hood and Forrest are conflicting. Military reconnaissance yesterday to Iuka heard that Hood and Forrest were moving south on Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Some deserters and country people say that rebels talk of making a stand at Corinth. General A. J. Smith and myself return with the transports to-day to Clifton for remainder of his artillery and troops, except one brigade, in care of part of transportation, waiting next and third trip from Clinton. I will do my best to cover and assist all army movements in this quarter and to give strong convoys from Paducah to Eastport. The military movements here, present and prospective, may cause some, but I hope not much, delay in giving convoy. I recommend that quartermasters be ordered to send no transports without convoy, so long as enemy are in force along or north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Forrest's men are annoying the Mississippi.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral. Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, January 7, 1865.

WILLIAM J. MELLEN, Esq.,

Special Supervising Agent, U. S. Treasury Dept. Cincinnati:

SIR: The major-general commanding the department directs me to write that he is willing, and prefers, that permits to trade within the department should be granted by you, when, in your opinion, it would be proper, upon the recommendation of the district commanders, without reference to him, the department commander. It throws into his

