
headquarters a good number of applications, the merit of which he has not the time to investigate, and is satisfied that they should be left to yourself and the district commanders.

Very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

5. Nashville, Tenn., January 7, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

II. The detachment of the Merrill Horse, composed of 200 men, are hereby detailed for courier duty at these headquarters, and will report to Lieutenant M. J. Kelly, chief of couriers, Department of the Cumberland.

*			*			*			*			*

IV. The reserve artillery of the Army of the Tennessee, now at this place, will report for duty, as a portion of the garrison of Nashville, to Brigadier General J. F. Miller, commanding the post. Major John Mendenhall, inspector of artillery of the Department of the Cumberland, will give all necessary instructions concerning the armanent of the batteries.

*			*			*			*			*

VI. The One hundred and eightieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, en route to join the Twenty-third Army Corps at Eastport, will, upon its arrival at this place, report to Brigadier General J. L. Donaldson, chief quartermaster Department of the Cumberland, for the purpose of escorting by land a wagon train to the command of Major General A. J. Smith, at Eastport. The commanding officer of the regiment will detail a sufficient number of teamsters for the train.

VII. The Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry is hereby assigned to the Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps. The commanding officer will render the required reports and returns to Major-General Rousseau, commanding.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 7, 1865.

General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Sent a brigade yesterday morning to Decatur. Received last night dispatch in regard to General Lyon. Will try to carry out the commanding general's wishes.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Cruft is passing through here with several thousand men of Steedman's command, on the way to Chattanooga. He is using all the railroad transportation thereof. I have directed him to leave a force

