
NASHVILLE, January 7, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Huntsville, Ala.:

The instructions sent you were simply to prepare your corps for active operations; those are the orders from the Headquarters of the Army, and beyond that we know nothing. Get your men well clothed, and prepared for three months' campaign; take as little transportation as you can possibly get along with, and have the animals in good condition; make up all returns to date; and when you start take nothing but rations, forage, entrenching tools, a few carpenter tools for repairing, and the necessary blanks and stationery.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, ALA., January 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOOD:

Major-General Wilson directs me to telegraph you that he received a dispatch to-day at 12 m., when near Elk River, from Major-General Thomas, dated 1 p.m. 6th, stating that the rebel General Lyon had crossed the railroad between Decherd and Elk River, on his way to Huntsville or Larkinsville, it is supposed, with the intention of crossing the Tennessee River, and that he had orders to pursue him, but the distance being so great and that he had orders to pursue him, but the distance being so great and his horses being in such poor condition, he deems it impracticable to do so, thinking the rebel commander might make his escape across the river, even if he had to swim it, before he could be overtaken. He request that you give him any information you may receive in regard to the movements of General Lyon.

Very respectfully,

W. W. VAN ANTWERP,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

The latest intelligence received of the movements of the rebel General Lyon indicated that he had crossed the railroad near Larkinsville, apparently on his way to the Tennessee River. General Cruft passed through here to-day with his division, on his way to Chattanooga. I ordered him to detach a portion of his command at Larkinsville and try to capture or destroy Lyon's command. A regiment or two of cavalry would be a great assistance in doing this.

TH. J. WOOD,Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

Captain FORREST, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Gun-boat fleet on Upper Tennessee:

The rebel General Lyon is reported moving southward, toward Guntersville, to cross the river. General Thomas has ordered that, if possible,

