
to get up the transportation. My scouts have not yet determined the exact whereabouts of Hood; reports are conflicting. I believe he is yet at Corinth. If General Croxton had furnished me a few cavalry, as I requested, I should have been advised ere this. I have sent to Cairo for coal, hay, and additional subsistence stores.

Very respectfully,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV.,

1. DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Clifton, Tenn., January 7, 1865.

I. The attention of commanding officers of this brigade is called to the fact that their men are in the constant habit of straggling at will from camp, passing beyond the picket-line, and committing the grossest outrages upon citizens of the country. An instance has been brought to the notice of the general commanding of an outrage of the most heinous character committed by men of the Eighth Wisconsin Infantry. A party of scouts in the employ of the military authorities were met by these men beyond the lines, and, by means of personal violence, deprived of their arms and their persons robbed of money and valuables. The general commanding the corps has declared a purpose to visit with the strict rigor of the laws all offenders who may be convicted of any violation whatever of existing orders upon the subject of straggling, marauding, and unauthorized foraging.

II. It is necessary, in order to prevent these disgraceful occurrences and preserve the name of the command, that commanding officers of regiments and the battery of this brigade take the most vigorous measures to restrain the propensities of evil-disposed among their men. They must establish regulations that will prevent straggling altogether, either from camp or when upon the march. The men must not be allowed to leave camp, except upon duty or with written permission of regimental or battery commanders, stating the purposes for which such permission is granted.

III. The matter of roll-calls must be more punctually attended to. Commanding officers must know where their men are, and every case of an absentee who is not properly accounted for must be thoroughly investigated, and a proper punishment administered for every violation of orders. Each regiment and the battery of this brigade will have a roll-call at 9 a.m., 12 m., and 3 p.m. each day, in addition to the stated roll-calls at reveille and tattoo.

IV. The indiscriminate discharge of fire-arms in the vicinity of camp or remote therefrom must be stopped. All offenses of this character must receive prompt attention, and each case visited with a sufficient punishment. This order will be observed in all its provisions until it is officially revoked. It will not be considered to expire with the removal of the command from this point, but will be enforced in all its details until otherwise ordered.

By order of Colonel L. F. Hubbard:

T. P. GERE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

