
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION

1. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., January

7, 1865.

In pursuance of authority from the Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C., Captain John Green is on duty with the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and stationed at Nashville, Tenn., as special inspector of cavalry. Orders for the final disposition of unserviceable cavalry horses can be obtained from him. All requisitions for ordnance and ordnance stores and for a new supply of horses must be approved by him before the issues will be made. For the information of the special inspector of cavalry, and to enable him to supply the wants of the cavalry command, the following reports are required: Monthly inspection reports, on blanks furnished, and to be made between the 15th and end of the month. Blanks for these reports will be furnished division and brigade inspectors. The reports must be obtained by personal inspection of brigade inspectors, and not through written reports elicited from regiments for that purpose. The brigade inspector will forward this report to the division inspector, who will immediately forward the reports to Captain John Green, special inspector of cavalry, Nashville, not later than the 2nd of ensuing month. All inspectors will be appointed and relieved by authority from these headquarters. Division inspectors will be held responsible for the execution of this order, and should therefore use all diligence to have the reports made out by the brigade inspectors at the proper time, and in the absence of a brigade inspector should see that another is appointed or attend personally to the inspections and make up the reports. When necessary, the attention of the brigade commander should be called to all carelessness, want of punctuality, and inefficiency on the part of the brigade inspectors, and if the neglect cannot be remedied in this way a special report of the delinquent inspector should be made to these headquarters, that a more energetic and worthy officer may be appointed. All commanding officers of cavalry are urged to cheerfully and earnestly co-operate with the special inspector of cavalry in his efforts to keep the cavalry forces mounted and equipped, as well for the good of the service generally as for the especial credit of this particular command. They are reminded that much of the disorganization of this branch of the service is attributable to their negligence in allowing the necessary reports to be delayed, as, except by the required reports, it is impossible that the wants of the Cavalry Corps can be known to the Cavalry Bureau, upon which it devolves to supply them.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, January 7, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON:

It is found to be absolutely necessary to keep a division of cavalry in Tennessee; Johnson's division has therefore been ordered to Pulaski. Please give no orders for any portion of this division now here to go to Eastport.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

