
learned confirmatory of this report. Should it prove true, gather all the detachments you can find and go after Lyon. I have directed this command to halt till something more definite is heard.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR. HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION

OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Edgefield, Tenn., January 7, 1865.

On the morning of the 9th of January, 1865, the command will march on the Franklin pike, at 7 o'clock, with transportation and camp equipage, ten days' rations, and all the forage that can be carried. The wagons will be refilled at Columbia. Every effort must be made at that point to carry all the forage, possible in wagons, as the country through which the command will pass is exhausted of all supplies.

Order of march: Third Brigade; battery; Second Brigade. The brigades will each day alternate, and, unless otherwise ordered, the rear brigade will each day furnish a good regiment for escort to the wagon train.

By command of Brigadier General E. M. McCook:

MART. J. MILLER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Elk River, January 7, 1865-12 m.

The Cavalry Corps will remain wherever this order may find the different brigades and divisions till further notice. A report has been received that Lyon crossed the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad near Decherd, and is marching toward Huntsville. Any information confirmatory of this will be promptly reported to these headquarters, and the command be in readiness to go in pursuit. Lieutenant Gunther, Fourth Cavalry, has been directed to obtain rations, if possible. The command will be duly notified.

J. H. WILSON,Brevet Major-General.

PAINT ROCK, January 7, 1865.

General STEEDMAN:

My return interrupted by order from General Wood, based on communication from General Thomas to look after rebel General Lyon. Orders have been given to some of the troops on sections following me to disembark at Brownsborough.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 7, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE and

Major POLK:

Received telegram this morning 9 a.m., from General Milroy, stating that Colonel Lyon with rebel cavalry had passed Winchester, and will probably attempt to cross Tennessee River at Claysville. As there

