
were no transports at Decatur to move up now with troops, and all the railroad transportation was being used to move General Steedman's command, I came to this place to borrow troops from General Cruft to move up the road after Lyon, but found that General Wood had sent General Cruft to Larkinsville after the enemy. The troops that came up with me belong to Colonels Morgan and Thompson, and I requested to stop at Brownsborough and move to New Market, and have by authority of General Wood so telegraphed to these officers at Brownsborough. No news of the enemy since my arrival here.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

General R. S. GRANGER:

It is reliably reported that the rebel General Lyon is making his way south to cross the Tennessee River, probably to cross at Guntersville, Port Deposit, &amp;c. If you have any transports at Decatur, send the brigade I sent to Decatur up the river, to prevent the crossing. I understand the three principal crossings are within ten miles of each other. General Thomas says Lyon's command must be captured or destroyed. Let there be no delay.

TH. J. WOOD,Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

HUNTSVILLE, January 7, 1865-1 a.m.

Captain GIVENS,

Commanding at Larkinsville:

We have been delayed in sending you re-enforcements, but have just started off 500 of General Steedman's men, who will be with you early in the morning. We have every confidence in your ability of holding out, if you should be attacked, until help reaches you.

By command of Colonel William P. Lyon:

WM. M. SCOTT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 7, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Paint Rock:

Eight hundred men are just starting out from here, to go to the aid of your post and Larkinsville. Turn out your command, and make every arrangement possible for crossing the force without delay. Three hundred will remain with you, and 500 will go to Larkinsville.

By command of William P. Lyon, colonel, commanding:

WM. M. SCOTT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

