
KINGSTON, January 7, 1865.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Div., Twenty-third Army Corps:

SIR: There is a force of rebels, numbering from 300 to 500, on Tennessee River eight miles below this place. There is no doubt about the truth of it. It is supposed they are trying to cross Tennessee River.

I am, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

G. W. HOLTSINGER,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, January 7, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,New Orleans:

I am assembling the troops on the Tennessee River, ready for any operations I may be ordered to make south, and will let you know in time to enable you to co-operate when I commence the movement. The last blow we gave Hood was about 2nd or 3rd of January. A part of my cavalry destroyed his pontoon train entirely, captured a supply train of nearly 200 wagons and 150 prisoners, between Pikesville, Ala., and Aberdeen, Miss. I am much obliged for your offer to co-operate, as well as for your kind wishes.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, January 8, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that, if you are assured of the departure of Hood south from Corinth, you will send General Schofield, with his corps, to Annapolis, Md., with as little delay as possible. The transportation will be left behind, and trains will be furnished here. The two Departments of the Cumberland and Ohio will be united, under your command, as soon as General Schofield starts.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 8, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following report of the operations of Colonel William J. Palmer, of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, is forwarded for your information:

DECATUR, ALA., January 7, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

As directed, I send by telegraph a full report of the operations of my command since leaving General Steedman's front:

I reached Leighton Station on Friday afternoon, 30th ultimo, having skirmished all day with Roddey's force, most of which drifted southward in squads, toward the mountains, the remainder, with General Roddey, taking the road to Tuscumbia and Florence. Toward dark a new force appeared in our front in Tuscumbia, believed to be

