
On this expedition we took about 150 prisoners, including 2 colonels, 2 captains, and 6 lieutenants, and destroyed, in all, between 750 and 1,000 stand of arms, and captured a considerable number of pistols.

Our entire loss was 1 man killed and 2 wounded, all in the charge on Russell's command. The whole of Forrest's cavalry, except Armstrong's, was at Okolona, within one day's march of us, when the supply train was captured.

I do not think General Hood brought across at Bainbridge more than 12,000 or 13,000 infantry.

Very respectfully,

W. J. PALMER,

Colonel Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding.

The report above is another of the very valuable services rendered by Colonel Palmer, and I most heartily recommend him again for appointment as a brigadier-general of volunteers. He certainly deserves the promotion, and I would respectfully urge it. There is no news from the other portions of my command to-day. I leave at daylight in the morning for Eastport.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP FAIRY, Clifton, Tenn., January 8, 1865-10 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

Your telegram of January 2, noon, Pulaski, just received. I have sent Acting Fleet Captain Babcock down to arrange convoys especially for you. Would go myself to meet you, but believe you would prefer me [to] push operations here. Schofield has arrived. I am rejoiced at your coming.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., January 8, 1865.

General J. B. HOOD,Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: I have the honor to reciprocate the courtesy shown by you to the guard left by myself at the house of Mrs. A. V. Brown, Melrose, near Nashville, in not making him a prisoner, by returning with this communication to you Private Wright, Thirtieth Alabama, a soldier of your army left at the same place when your forces retreated from the front of Nashville. Incidents of this character are by no means common, and I am free to confess I always heartily appreciate and most willingly acknowledge them when they do occur.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following special recommendation for the promotion of officers in the Fourth Corps:

First Brigadier General Nathan Kimball to be major-general, for gallant and meritorious conduct in the battle of Franklin, on the 30th November,

