
for the skill, intelligence, and efficiency with which he handled his command in all the conflicts around Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December, and for the personal gallantry he displayed in those conflicts.

Second. Colonel A. D. Streight, Fifty-first Indiana, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, to be brigadier-general, for the skillful manner in which he managed his brigade in the battle of Nashville, for his personal gallantry in the battle, and for his uniform good and soldierly conduct.

Third. Colonel P. Sidney Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, to be brigadier-general of volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct in the chase after Hood when he attempted to get into our rear and cut our communications, and in the retreat from Pulaski to Nashville, but especially for gallantry in the assault on Montgomery's Hill, on the 15th of December, and in the assault on the Overton Hill, on the 16th of December. Colonel Post's brigade made both of these assaults. In the latter Colonel Post was severely wounded by a grape-shot, the same discharge killing his horse under him.

Fourth. Colonel Frederick Knefler, Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, to be brigadier-general of volunteers, for gallantry and meritorious conduct throughout the entire Atlanta campaign, for meritorious conduct in the pursuit of Hood when he attempted to cut our communications, and in the retreat from Pulaski to Nashville, but especially for gallantry and good conduct in the various conflicts around Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December.

Fifth. Colonel Isaac M. Kirby, One hundred and first Ohio, [to be brigadier-general of volunteers,] for uniform gallantry and good conduct, but more especially for distinguished gallantry and meritorious conduct in the Atlanta campaign, commencing with the assault on Rocky Face Ridge; the battle of Resaca, in which he was severely wounded; the assault of the 27th of June on Kenesaw Mountain, and the battle of Peach Tree Creek; for great skill, judgement, and courage at the battle of Franklin, on the 30th of November, on which occasion, by a bold counter-charge when the enemy had broken our lines, Colonel Opdycke drove him back and recaptured eight pieces of artillery which he had taken from us; for valuable services and aid in the preparations for the battle at Nashville, and for gallant and meritorious conduct in the battle both on the 15th and 16th of December.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, January 8, 1865-11.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I am informed by General Granger, who is in my quarters, that Colonel Prosser, Second Tennessee, and Colonel Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania, are at Decatur, but that he had ordered them to report to General Wilson, who claimed them on your authority. I wish authority to order [and if you approve, please telegraph me] them to

