
this place to go in pursuit of Lyon's force. Without some cavalry it will be very difficult, if not impossible, to get hold of Lyon. I would not detain Prosser and Palmer longer than absolutely necessary. I telegraphed early to Captain Forrest, at Bridgeport, to patrol the Tennessee River with his flotilla.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Elk River, January 8, 1865. [Via Athens. Received 12.30 p.m. 9th.]

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,Huntsville:

Your telegram is received. As Larkinsville is full seventy-miles from me, Lyon must either escape or be used up by Cruft long before any of my cavalry, in their present condition, can reach that place. I shall therefore go on to Eastport as soon as I can get rations from Athens.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General CRUFT:

You will disembark the forces that are on the cars immediately, scour the country thoroughly, find out, if possible, where Lyon is, and go in pursuit of him. He must be found, and either destroyed, captured, or driven across the Tennessee River. General Thomas' orders on this subject are emphatic, and he says you must not go on your way till this work is finished. As soon as you have disembarked your men from the cars the trains will be sent immediately to Stevenson to bring up provisions for the troops on this line. The detention of the cars by you has nearly put us out of provisions, and they must not be detained by you while you are hunting Lyon, but must be allowed to go to Stevenson, to bring up provisions.

TH. J. WOOD,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LARKINSVILLE, January 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOOD:

Can get no definite information of any forces of Lyon in vicinity. Think the rumor quite doubtful. Have sent Captain Givens, with 100 mounted men, to ascertain, and will know in three hours if any force is at Maynard's Cove, or Robinson's farm, or any of the points where conflicting stories place it. I wish Colonel Malloy's command, which I left near Huntsville, shipped here.

CHAS. CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

