
LARKINSVILLE, January 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOOD:

Reports from citizens thus far do not support rumor that Lyon is near here. Bushwhacking parties of Russell, Mead, Hayes, and Wilson are in mountain, but changing places constantly, and are usually from fifteen to twenty miles distant, along waters of Paint Rock and in vicinity of New Nashville. Cavalry scout not yet reported; have brigade ready to push out on hearing from it. The best way to clear out parties above with infantry is to start forces from New Market east, and from here and Paint Rock north, say to Robinson's or Duckett's, on Paint Rock. No direct approach will catch them. If I can get information of Lyon's whereabouts will go for him later in the day.

CHAS. CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General CRUFT:

Your two dispatches of this date received. Lyon must certainly be in your neighborhood somewhere, either north or south of the railroad, as his course has been traced from Kentucky, by McMinnville and Manchester, to south of Winchester. Order at once the force at Brownsborough to New Market, to move thence east, to co-operate with the force moving north from Larkinsville, without you receive satisfactory intelligence that Lyon is somewhere else, in which case you must go for him strong.

TH. J. WOOD,,Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Clifton, Tenn., January 8, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

My advance reached this place on the 6th, and the whole command will probably arrive to-day. Only a portion of General Smith's troops have yet gone up the river, and I will give him the use of all the transports until his whole command is shipped. I will then move my troops. Transports and supplies arrived last night.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,5. Near Waynesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1865.

Brigadier General N. C. McLean, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters pursuant to Special Field Orders, 4, headquarters Army of the Ohio, dated Waynesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1865, for division.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Couch:

S. H. HUBBELL,

Lieutenant-and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

35 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

