HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Clifton, Tenn., January 8, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to direct your division quartermaster to receive and issue to the troops now hee such quartermaster's stores as are arriving at Clifton.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Eastport, Miss., January 8, 1865.

Colonel E. H. WOLFE,Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that Colonel Gilbert with his brigade will make a reconnaissance toward Iuka to-morrow; he will leave camp at 6 a.m. He directs that you send out at the same hour strong fatigue parties to work on the rifle-pits, and that all the rest of your command be kept in camp, in readiness for any emergency, until the return of Colonel Gilbert.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Elk River, on Florence Road, January 8, 1865-12.15 p.m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland, Nashville:

General Wood telegraphed from Huntsville that Lyon had crossed the railroad near Larkinsville, on the way to the Tennessee River. General Cruft had been directed to debark a portion of his force at that place and go after him. As it is seventy miles from here to Larkinsville, it will be more than useless for me to send any portion of my command in that direction, as Lyon must be safely across the river or disposed of by General Cruft before I can possibly reach him. Your telegram in regard to Johnson's division has been received. I have transferred the Fifth Iowa and Seventh Ohio Cavalry to the Fourth Division, and the Sixth Tennessee to Johnson, leaving him nine regiments, the same number that are in the other divisions, and ample for the defense of the country lying north of the Tennessee River. These transfers are made for the purpose of preparing, as soon as possible, an effective cavalry force for operations north of the main army. No men of Johnson's division, except those belonging to the two regiments just mentioned, have been ordered to Eastport. Colonel Harrison, with the balance of his brigade and battery, have been ordered to Pulaski. When he arrives here he ought to have, with the Eighth Michigan and the other detachments, 1,000 mounted men-enough for any immediate use. Please say to General Thomas that, anticipating the probabilities of an early move, I have directed that the remounts be provided first

