
to the divisions which are intended for the field, and last to Johnson, believing this would meet his approbation. Johnson ought now to have the Fifth Tennessee, Fifteenth Pennsylvania, Sixteenth Illinois, and Eighth Michigan all mounted. Unless I have something this evening that renders it more probable than now appears we could pursue Lyon with success, I shall continue the march toward Eastport.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION

3. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., January

8, 1865.

The attention of commanding officers of cavalry is called to the careless and injurious manner of feeding horses. The feeling should be regulars. The forage should never be fed on the ground, for, besides being wasted, the horse is liable to injure his digestion by the gravel and sand which he takes up. To remedy this every trooper will carry a nose-bag, in which the grain will be given. Commanding officers of companies, regiments, brigades, and divisions will be held responsible for the execution of this order, and will immediately on its receipt make the necessary requisitions for a sufficient number of nose-bags to supply their commands. Brigade inspectors will be particular in their monthly reports to show the exact number on hand in each regiment. Men losing them carelessly or purposely will immediately be furnished with others, and will be charged with the lost articles on their pay-roll, and otherwise subjected to such punishments as may seem proper to their commanding officers. One commissioned officer at least will attend each stable call, who will require the men to watch the horses until they are done feeding.

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Near Elk River, January 8, 1865.

Division and brigade commanders will, with their columns, resume the march toward Eastport to-morrow morning. Should the detachments sent for rations not arrive the march will not be delayed, but a small party as guard will be left until they come up.

By order of General Wilson:

HENRY E. NOYES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENDGEFIELD, TENN., January 8, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

In reply to your communication I have the honor to designate the following regiments of my division as the ones I desire filled up to their maximum strength: First Wisconsin Cavalry, Second Indiana Cavalry,

