
Second Michigan Cavalry, Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, Eighth Iowa Cavalry. General Watkins has already made application, which has gone forward, to have the veterans of two Kentucky infantry regiments assigned to the Kentucky regiments of his brigade. I refrain from making any recommendation concerning these regiments until I ascertain what action has been taken upon this application. All the regiments I indicate are veteran organizations, and in every was effective except in point of numbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

EDGEFIELD, TENN., January 8, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding Third Brigade:

As I will not be with the command on the march, you will take command of your brigade, La Grange's, and the artillery, and march to Eastport, Miss., in accordance with orders received from corps headquarters. Your best route will be through Columbia, Mount Pleasant, and Waynesborough. I will endeavor to have supplies sent to Clifton, on the Tennessee River, seventeen miles from Waynesborough, so that you can again obtain supplies at that point. From Waynesborough you will take the best road to Eastport, and you will only learn this by inquiry. At Columbia you will put all the forage practicable in the wagons and carry it along, as there is little or no forage in the country through which you have to pass. After leaving Columbia it would probably be better to have part of your command march on your flanks, if there are any roads running parallel with your line of march, for the purpose of getting forage, which will be scarce on the main road. Have especial attention paid to the care of your horses, and try to get them through in the best condition possible. They are in good condition now, and though they must necessarily suffer some on a march of this kind, yet additional care on the part of officers and men will save them much. On your arrival at Eastport, or its vicinity, you will report to Major-General Wilson for orders. Eastport is on the other side of the Tennessee; you will strike the river opposite there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Near Elk River Crossing, on Florence Road, January 8, 1865-12.30 p.m.

Colonel T. J. HARRISON,

Commanding First Brigade, Sixth Division:

Several dispatches having been sent you lately, and none having reached, as far as I can hear, I am anxious to get this to you. A dispatch from General Wood says Lyon crossed at Larkinsville day before yesterday, moving toward the Tennessee River. You need not, therefore, send any reconnaissance, but send the Fifth Iowa and

