
Seventh Ohio, under Colonel Garrard, to Eastport, and go with your battery and the balance of the brigade to Pulaski, whence you will report to General Johnson in person, or if he is not there, by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R., Tullahoma, January 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. CLIFT,Commanding Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry:

COLONEL: Send messengers across the country toward Fayetteville to Major Armstrong, and advise him that Lyon's cavalry has crossed the mountains and gone toward Bellefonte, and that it is unnecessary for him to proceed farther in pursuit, but order him to go on in vicinity of Hazel Green, and then scout the country for bushwhackers east to Winchester, and from there to this place. You will move southeast and strike the road between Salem and Winchester, pass south of the latter place, go through Decherd, take all of Couch's mounted men with you, and go in vicinity of Pelham, and east of or through Hillsborough, and try to intercept Hays, who was at latter place yesterday p.m. These latter intercept Hays, who was at latter place yesterday p.m. These latter instructions are not imperative, and you will act upon the best information you can get, after reaching Pelham, as the course to pursue best calculated to accomplish the interception and destruction of Hays, After reaching the road between Salem and Winchester, if you find Hays has crossed through that country, which is possible, you will give pursuit from that point, of course, instead of following instructions, which are only general.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

J O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, [January] 8, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I am garrisoning the Chattanooga and Knoxville road as far as Loudon, and the Chattanooga and Atlanta road as far as Dalton, and the Chattanooga and Nashville road to Bridgeport. I can send the troops belonging to the Army of the Tennessee, but will require troops to relieve those belonging to the Army of the Cumberland.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 8, 1865.

Major General JAMES B. STEEDMAN:

Your telegram of this date is received. The major-general commanding directs that you send the troops of the Army of the Tennessee to General Sherman, relieving [retaining] the troops of the Army of the Cumberland until further orders from the major-general commanding.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

