
WASHINGTON, December 5, 1864 - 3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The records show that there have been issued at Louisville, Lexington, and nashville since September 20, 22, 000 cavalry horses. This number is exclusive if the cavalry previously issued and brought into the department by Grierson and others, and the commands of Burbridge and Garrard, and those sent to Sherman. If this number, without any campaign, is already reduced to 10,000 mounted men, as reported by General Wilson, it may be safely assumed that the cavalry of that army will never be mounted, for the destructions of horses in the last two months has there alone been equal to the remounts obtained from the entire West. None are issued to Rosecrans, Steele, or Canby.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, December 5, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Is there not danger of Forrest moving down the Cumberland* to where he can cross it? It seems to me whilst you should be getting up your cavalry as rapidly as possible to look after Forrest, Hood should be attacked where he is. Time strengthens him, in all probability, as much as it does you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 5, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have been along my entire line to-day. The enemy has not advanced at all since the 3rd instant. If I can perfect my arrangements I shall move against the advanced position of the enemy on the 7th instant. I have heard from Chattanooga this evening that the wires were working north as far as Murfreesborough, though I have not heard anything from General Rouseau. Prisoners we have taken yesterday and to-day report that Hood has to draw hi supplies from the Memphis and Charleston railroad, wagoning from Cherokee Station. If an expedition could be started from Memphis against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and thus cut of Hood's means of supply, he will run the risk of losing his whole army, if I am successful in pushing him back.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* As recorded in Thomas' telegrams-received book it reads - Tennessee River.

---------------

