
and one of the worst men in this region, and wounding some others. The guerrillas infesting the country amount in aggregate to probably 150, and are well mounted and very bold. They captured one of my posts yesterday, and thirty strong attacked foraging train, but were easily repulsed.

Kirk occupied Newport on morning of the 6th instant; that is the last I have from hi. Received communication from Colonel Shannon that on 7th instant he started for Dutch Bottom.

I believe some cavalry could be used here any considerable time would respectfully request the assignment of some to my command. I am sorry to report that legitimately the guerrillas have six of my men prisoners though I hope some of the six have escaped

I have in return only Norman, killed, Hynds, wounded, and four war and three citizen prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. HAWLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[MEMPHIS, January 8, 1865.]

[General N. J. T. DANA,

Memphis, Tenn.:]

On the morning of the 20th sent a brigade from Memphis to make a demonstration toward Bolivar thence to swing southward and join the main column near Ripley. Owing to the heavy rains on that and several days previous, a crossing of the Woldf River could not be effected, and the command returned to Memphis from Raleigh.

On the morning of the 21st moved the entire command-3,300- men directly east, threatening Corinth. Sent detachments and destroyed the telegraph from Gran Junction toward Corinth and four bridges and the telegraph on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad between Boonville and Guntown. Moved with main column rapidly on Tupelo; surprised, captured, and dispersed Forrest's camp dismounted men on the night of the 25th at Verona. Thence moved south along the line of the railroad destroying it thoroughly to a point between Egypt and Prairie Station; tapped the wires at Okolona, and intercepted dispatches from Lieutenant General Dick Taylor, Major-General Gardner, and others, ordering Egypth to be held at all hazards, and indicating that large re-enforcements would be sent from Mobile and other points.

On the morning of the 28th attacked the enemy, about 1,200 strong-cavalry, infantry, and one battery of four guns, on platform cars-at Egypt. Two trains with re-enforcements, under General Gardner, were in sight when the attack was made. Threw a force between them and the garrison at Egypt; captured and destroyed one train of fourteen cars tore up the track two miles and a half south of Egypt, and captured and dispersed the garrison at Egypt, after an engagement of two hours. Among the rebels-killed was Brigadier-General Gholsom and several other officers. After securing about 500 prisoners and destroying all captured property, the enemy falling back toward West Point, we swamp west and southwest through Houston and Belllefontaine, to the Mississippi Central Railroad, striking it at Winona. From Houston demonstrations were made southeast toward West Point and north toward Pontotoc. From Bellefontaine made demonstration toward Starkville, threatening again the Mobile and Ohio Railroad;

