
WASHINGTON, January 9, 1865-9.20 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Your orders about Schofield's corps were immediately transmitted. As soon as an answer is received transportation by the most expeditions routes will be ordered. I fear the corps is much scattered. You said nothing orders about the artillery.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Steamer Tarason, Cumberland River, Louisville, Ky.:

In reply to your communication of the 23rd ultimo, I have the honor to inform you that the Fifteenth Seventeenth, Fourteenth, and Twentieth Army Corps, with the exception of the Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps, together with the following named artillery, cavalry, and engineer, troops accompanied Major-General Sherman's expedition to Savannah:

Artillery: Battery C, First Illinois Artillery; Fifth Wisconsin Battery; Battery 1, Second Illinois Artillery; Nineteenth Indiana Battery; Battery E, Pennsylvania Artillery, Battery C, First Ohio Artillery; Battery I, First New York Artillery, Battery M, First New York Artillery.

Cavalry: Third Indiana Cavalry, Second Kentucky Cavalry, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, Ninth Ohio Cavalry, First Ohio squadron, First Alabama Cavalry, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, Third Kentucky Cavalry, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, Fifty-eighth [?] Illinois Mounted Infantry, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.

Engineer Troops: First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, Fifty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Nashville:

Your dispatch in regard to Colonel Thompson's brigade just to Nashville as soon as possible. It is now with him near Larkinsville. Lyon attacked the little garrison at Scottsborough, and was severely repulsed and is reported this morning flying southeast to Gunter's Ferry. I have telegraphed General Cruft to press him hard against the Tennessee River. I have also telegraphed the commanding officer at Bridgeport to run a force down the river by transports to cut Lyon off, and requested him to communicate the information to Commodore Forrest, with a request

