
Press him hard with your forces against the Tennessee River and capture or destroy him. As you will have an ample force of your own proper command for this work, order Colonel Thompson to proceed with his brigade as rapidly as possible to Nashville; General Thomas so directs it.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

LARKISNVILE, January 9, 1865.

(Received 12.10 a. m. 10th.)

Brigadier-General WOOD:

My advance brigade is within eleven miles of Guntersville; at 3 p. m. enemy about four hours ahead, and retreating very fast. Will you send a mounted force from Huntsville at once to Deposit. In case

Lyon goes to the mountains, avoiding Gunter's Landing, he may escape me, and cross at Deposit before I can get up to him. A force to delay him crossing at Deposit for six hours will secure him finally, I think.

CHAS. CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Clifton, Tenn.,

Numbers 7 January 9, 1865.

* * * *

6. The troops will move by boat to Eastport in the following order, viz: Second Division; Third Division, First Division. It is expected that one entire division, with its artillery and baggage train, will be able to move at each trip of the transport fleet. If possible, the division ordnance trains will also accompany their divisions. The artillery and ordnance trains will be loaded upon barges and the baggage wagons upon the steamers, with the troops to which they belong. The movement will commence as soon as the transports arrive, which is expected at daylight to-morrow morning, the 10th instant. Division commanders will make ample details of men to load their artillery and wagons, and will se that the boats are loaded as expeditiously as possible. The transport fleet moves under convoy of the gun-boats. The division commanders will therefore report to Rear-Admiral Lee, U. S. Navy, commanding, as soon as their division are embarked, and will move under his orders. On arriving at Eastport, Major-General Couch will disembark his division and take position, in conjunction with Major-divisions, until the arrival of the major-general commanding.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Clifton, Tenn., January 9, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send one pieces of artillery at once to the bank of the river, with directions to the

offi-

