HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

I have the honor to recommend the following promotions by brevet of officers of the Fourth Corps:

First Colonel John. Q. Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, to be brigadier-general by brevet, for gallant and meritorious services throughout the Atlanta campaign, for gallantry in the battle of Franklin, on the 30th of November and in the various conflicts around Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December.

Second. Colonel Joseph Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout the Atlanta campaign and for gallantry in the battle of Franklin, on the 30th November, and in the several conflict s of the battle of Nashville, fought on the 15th and 16th of December.

Third. Lieutenant Colonel Robert L. Kimberly, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers to be colonel by brevet, for uniform gallantry and meritorious conduct inthe performance of his duties, but especially for gallantry in the assault on Montgomery's Hill, on the 15th of December, and in the assault on the Overton Hill, on the 16th of December.

Fourth. Lieutenant Colonel Samuel N. Yeoman, Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet, for gallant and meritorious conduct in the performance of all his duties, but especially for gallantry in the assault made by his division on the afternoon of the 15th of December, and the other conflicts of the battle of Nashville.

Fifth. Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Smith, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet, for soldierly conduct and gallantry in the performance of all his duties, but especially for distinguished gallantry and daring courage at the battle of Franklin, on the 30th of November, when at a most critical moment he aided much by his exertions in saving on the 15th and 16th of December around Nashville.

Sixth. Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Fullerton, senior assistant adjutant-general on duty with the Fourth Army Corps, to be colonel be prevent, for the zealous, intelligent, faithful and efficient performance of his duty, and for most valuable services and distinguished personal gallantry on the field especially displayed in the battle of Franklin, on the 30th of November, and in the several conflicts of the battle fought in the vicinity of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December.

Seventh. Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Grenwood, inspector of the fourth Army Corps, to be colonel by brevet, for zealous, faithful, and intelligent performance of his duty, and for great personal gallantry and efficiency on the field battle, particularly exhibited in the battle, particularly, exhibited, in the battle of Franklin, on the 30th of November, and in the battle of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December.

Eighth. Major A. R. Z. Dawson, Fifteenth Ohio, Chief of outposts and pickets, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, for the most faithful zealous, useful, and intelligent performance of duty, and for the highest personal gallantry displayed in the most distinguished manner in the various conflicts and assaults of the battle of Nashville. In the assault on the Overtoon Hill, on the 16th of December, Major Dawson was

