
wounded, but did not leave the field. He participated in the grand and successful assault later in the day and in the pursuit, continued more than 100 miles.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CLAYSVILLE, OPPOSITE GUNTER'S LANDING,

January 10, 1865. (Via Larkinsville 11th.)

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD, Huntsville, Ala.:

Head of column reached here at 2 p. m., drove in small party of rebels. The main force left here this morning, breaking into small squads and taking to the woods and mountains. Citizens report General Lyon to have crossed, river personally last night by boat, and to have got the pieces of artillery over. A few rebels got across during last night at Law's Ferry, and some twenty here. A brigade was pushed to Deposit this afternoon; I have got one at Law's Ferry; and heavy patrol parties through woods in each vicinity for rebel squads. Lyon's command was finely mounted, and could easily keep out of way of infantry. He had with him some what over 500 men and one pieces of artillery, and ambulance, and a wagon. Citizens report that rebels have abjured the hope of being allowed to cross above Shoals, and are making in that direction in parties, and that not more than 200 left here in an organization. General Lyon had one captain and three men badly wounded in the Scottsborough affair, but brought them off. In case I learn from Colonel Salm, at Deposit, during night that rebels, are still running in direction indicated, and keep the start they have, the farther pursuit will probably be abandoned at Paint Rock Creek. The whole country is flooded, and infantry can hardly march. I think Lyon's command will hardly be concentrated this side the river now. The gun-boats have alarmed the rebels much by firing at them during the day.

CHAS. CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Major-General Steedman.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Clifton, Tenn., January 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BYOD, Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you move the train of wagons, ordered some time since from Kentucky to stop at Louisville and await orders there. He desires you will also procure eight yards blue bunting, six yards white, and four yards red, to repair headquarters flags with, and send them forward by the first opportunity. Lieutenant Washburn is North,and can bring them, if you can see him. I wish him to bring three wall and hospital tent for these headquarters.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Eastport, Miss., January 10, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS, Commanding in the Field:

I arrived here yesterday with all my command, except twelve companies guarding my transportation to Savannah. I have a good posi-

