
a day or two after this reaches you. I have instructed the commanding officer of the Fourth Tennessee Volunteers Infantry to report to you with his command at Dandridge, to be stationed as you direct. You will please communicate with Colonel Shannon at once, and make such disposition of the force under your command as to protect his operations, and also afford him such assistance as will be necessary to facilitate the work. I suppose Leadvale will be a proper place for a large part of your force, and some troops will be necessary at the fords on the roads from Greenville and North Carolina. Get the information necessary to place your troops to the best advantage, always keeping in mind that they may have all tact in concert, and keep them in supporting distance. The best information I have fixes General Palmer's force at about 1,000, when all the detachments are together. This force is from Asheville, N. C., toward Paint Creek. General Vaughan is said to be near Jonesborough with about 600, and General Breckinridge in Virginia with some force. You will, of course, keep small parties in advance as scouts, who will give you information, to prevent surprise and disaster, and avail yourself of all means to be advised of the movements of the rebels. We want to get all the forage as soon as practicable, but the safely of the troops must be attended to. You will be on the alert and ready to act as the interests of the service may require.

Inclosed you will find a copy of the instructions* given to the officers commanding Fourth Tennessee Volunteers Infantry.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District and Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 9. Lexington, Ky., January 10, 1865.

* * * *

VI. The Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers will proceed to Louisville, Ky., by railroad and report to Brigadier General H. Ewing, commanding Second Division for duty.

* * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

CHAS. M. KEYSER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., January 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. B. CRADDOCK,

Thirtieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry Volunteers:

You will proceed to Munfordsville or Woodsonville, Ky., where you will await the arrival of Thirteenth Kentucky, which is ordered to move to Taylor, Green, and Barren Counties. You will procure information concerning guerrillas, and operate with such portion of your regiment, properly mounted in the region above named.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

