HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Steamer Tarascon, Paducah, Ky., January 11, 1865-11 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Reports this morning from Generals Wood and Granger inform me that the rebel General Lyon attacked the little garrison at Scottsborough, Ala., where he was handsomely repulsed three times, losing 1, colonel and 16 men killed, with a loss to our forces of 6 wounded and 9 missing. Lyon is retreating in haste toward the Tennessee River, which I have requested the commanding officer of the felt at Bridgeport to have closely watched and patrolled, to prevent his escape across the river. I am in hopes at the arrangements made will insure his capture.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 11, 1865-10.55 a. m. (Via Nashville, Tenn.)

Major General G. H. Thomas:

The following is taken from a Richard paper of the 10th instant:

Latest from the South and Southwest.-The following dispatch has been received at the War Department from Macon, Ga.:

"General Hood reports from Tupelo, January 6, 1865, that thomas appeared to be moving up the Tennessee River until 9 o'clock a. m., on the 5th. Scouts report six gun-boats and sixty transports had passed Savannah, going toward Eastport, loaded with troops and supplies.

"G. T. BEAUREGARD,

"General."

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 11, 1865- 2 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Colonel L. B. Parsons leaves here to-day, under orders from this Department, to take charge of the transportation of Schofield's corps from the Tennessee to Chesapeake Bay. His headquarters will for the next few days be at Louisville. Please inform him when the troops will probably be ready to start, in order that he may consummate the necessary arrangements, and also communicate with this generally respecting all points essential to the prompt and comfortable accomplishment of this most important movement.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

PADUCAH, KY., January 11, 1865.

Captain FORREST,

Commanding 11 th District Mississippi Squadron, Bridgeport, Ala.:

I shall be much obliged if you will have your gun-boat carry on a lively patrol of the river from Bridgeport to Decatur, to prevent, if possible the escape of the rebel General Lyon and his command across the river.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

