
prisoners of the Army of the United States now in your possession for a like number of Confederate prisoners belonging to your army in my hands. In reply, I have to state that, although I have had quite a large number of prisoners from your army, they have all been sent North, and consequently are now beyond my control. I am therefore unable to make the exchange proposed by you.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 5, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM:

Only one of the floating divisions of the construction corps is here; the others are at Chattanooga, and all communication with them is cut off. Owing to the close prolixity of the rebel army to this place, and the almost certainly that they will do much to our roads, General Thomas thinks it would not be advisable to send away this division now.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.

ALBANY KY., December 5, 1864.

(Via Burkesville 8th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Four men are just in from the Cumberland Gap. They came alone through by the Pine Knot Tavern, and report no rebels along the route. Beatty knows of none in Fentress. There are none in Overtone, and [from] what I can hear, none about here.

J. D. HALE.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 5, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Reconnaissance to-day from right center found rebel lines there and no earth-works, or only slight affairs. On left center and left they are strong and entrenched. The usual artillery firing had been done by our batteries, but without getting reply. General Thomas works on hypothesis that Hood is here with whole force. telegraph working from south to Murfreesborough, from which place we have report that Bate's rebel division, with two batteries, attacked block-houses seven and ten miles north of Murfreesborough yesterday 2 p. m., but were defeated by re-enforcements under command of General Milroy, losing six guns, some prisoners, and failing to carry either stockade. River still falling.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &c.

