HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, January 11, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I think you had better delay your movement for a day or so. I have just received the following telegram from General Watkins:

COLUMBIA, TENN., January 11, 1865.

The brigade across Duck River at this place has washed away; half of my command is on this side of the river, and the other half, with all the train, on the other side. Impossible to cross the river at any place near here at the present stage of water, and there is no forage near here. I shall get my command across as soon as possible, which may be several days, unless I receive different instructions. We shall need forage and rations shipped to this point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BLAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 11, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah:

Arrangements have been made to send the troops at Loudon down to-morrow.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 11, 1865.

Colonel PALMER, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that you move your whole available force, as soon as possible over the Flint River in pursuit of the rebel General Lyon's force. Scout the country well between Flint River and Paint Rock Creek. If you do not find the enemy between these streams, push small scouting parties over Paint Rock and hunt for them. As soon as you find any of Lyons' forces, or discover the direction in which they have gone, pursue them vigorously; overtake and destroy them, if possible. Cross Flint River at the Claysville road crossing. Go without any wagons' take such rations as you can your horses, and depend on the country for the rest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,Chattanooga, January 11, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP, Bridgeport:

A train will be at Bridgeport to bring your command to this place and Charleston at 4 this p. m. You will be ready to load on its arrival and come at once, bringing all the troops of the Fourteenth Army Corps in your command.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

