
STATE OF INDIANA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Indianapolis, January 11, 1865.

General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Department, Cincinnati, Ohio:

DEAR SIR: The region of Kentucky bordering the Ohio River is infested with guerrillas bands, who keep the southern border of this State in constant alarm. They fire on steam-boats, commit robberies, and carry on with disaffected person on this side of the river a large contraband trade. It is not only desirable, but necessary to the security of our citizens, that these bands should be dispersed and our border protected. The State cannot furnish a force sufficient to guard nearly 400 miles of a line so easily accessible as ours, and I address you for the purpose of securing your co-operation I the work. Either of two modes of operation will be probably effective: to station and adequate force at the more accessible points, or permit the commander of this district Major General A. P. Hovey, to follow the marauding bands into Kentucky, whenever, in his judgment, he may be able to capture or disperse them by such pursuit.

Your early attention to this matter will greatly obligate the people of the State, and

Yours, very truly,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor, of Indiana.

CITY POINT, VA., January 12, 1865-11 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

You may direct the batteries of Schofield's corps to be left behind. I think, however, it may be advisable for him to bring two companies of artillerists to each division, to fitted up here, if necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 12, 1865-10.30 a. m.

(Via Paducah, Ky. Received 16th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Parsons has gone West to superintend the transportation of Schofield's corps. It is thought that river transportation, as far as the ice will permit, will be the most comfortable, for the troops. They will be taken from Parkersburg to Annapolis by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, if a sufficient number of cars can be obtained; if not, a part will go to Pittsburg. No artillery need be sent without further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 12, 1865-1.30 p. m.

(Received 16th.)

Major-General THOMAS, On the Tennessee River:

General Grant directs that General Schofield bring with him two companies of artillery to each division, which will be supplied with batteries here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

