HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,Chattanooga, January 12, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Loundon, Tenn.:

As soon as relieved, you will bring your command to this place, taking first train.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 11. Lexington, Ky., January 12, 1865.

* * * *

III. The One hundred and twenty-second Regiment U. S. colored Infantry will proceed without delay by boat to Parkersburg, W. Va., and thence by rail to the Army of the James. Upon its arrival the commanding officer will report for orders to Major General B. F. Butler. The quartermaster's department will furnish the transportation.

* * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

CHAS. M. KEYSER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, January 12, 1865.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

(Care of Honorable J. Speed, Washington, D. C.)

I send copy of my dispatch to General Lindsey, at which the governor has waxed worth and sent in a special message:

The general commanding desires information as to whether or not the State troops have yet been mustered out of service, in compliance with the orders received from the War Department. If not, he directs that immediate steps be taken to muster out, and that you prevent by order any further recruiting in such organizations, as he understands enlistment s are still being made.

From Louisville Journal.

Message from Governor information the senate that General D. W. Lindsey had received a telegram from the district headquarters ordering the mustering out of all State troops and the discontinuance of recruiting for the same. The Governor recommended that a committee be appointed by the General Assembly, whose duty it should be to go to Washington and see President use efforts to have the order revoked, as the safety of Kentucky's citizens required the same in the absence of Federal protection.

Resolution appointing a committee to visit Washington and lay before the President the grievances of this State. The resolution, after being discussed, was referred to the committee on military affairs.

I send above to you on recommendation of Mr. Eginton. I forward copy of message by mail.

CHAS. M. KEYSER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., January 13, 1865.

General J. B. HOOD, C. S. Army,

Commanding C. S. Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I take this means of informing you of an act of cold blooded murder of prisoners of war recently committed by a company of scouts belonging to Forrest's forces and commanded by a Captain Har-

