
HUNTSVILLE, January 13, 1865-10 a. m.

General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Cruft reports having driven Lyon's command to the Tennessee River. Being prevented from crossing by the gun-boats, the rebels broke up into small parties, scattered, and are hiding about, waiting to get over the river individually. General Cruft reports that Lyon and a few men succeeded in evading the gun-boats and crossed the river; but this party, according to the accounts of General Cruft, did not exceed twenty. Further reports that infantry can do nothing more in the pursuit. I have hence authorized him to proceed to his destination with General Steedman's forces. Thirty-sixth hours since I sent Colonel Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry the regiment being here and unemployed, to scour the country in which Lyon's command had dispersed, to try to capture or destroy all straggling parties. I also ordered Colonel Clift, who was north of this place, with his Tennessee cavalry regiment, to look for Lyon's scattered parties and pitch into whatever he could find.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 13, 1865.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Larkinsville:

Your dispatch received. If you are satisfied that you have done all that can be done with infantry toward capturing, destroying, or dispersing Lyon's command, you can proceed with General Steedman's forces on your destination. I have sent a cavalry force, more than thirty hours ago, to the country suggested by you.

I thank yourself and command for the vigor displayed in pursuit of Lyon.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 13, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel TERRENCE CLARK,

Pulaski:

Move with your battalion of convalescents at once to this place. You should have been here by this time. When you pass Elk River have the pontoon bridge taken up and brought here with you.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Clifton, January 13, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have not yet commenced moving my command from this place, General Smith not having finished with the boats. Our commissary supplies are almost entirely exhausted; we can only make what

