
we have here last until the 15th, and I am informed Generals Smith and Wilson will be out on the 16th. You are aware there are no supplies to be had in the country about here. I apprehend that Forrest may have established batteries on the river below here and stopped our boats. The admiral is going down with gun-boats to see about it.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Numbers 4. Clifton, Tenn., January 13, 1865.

IV. Colonel C. C. Doolittle, Eighteenth Michigan Volunteers Infantry, at his own request is hereby relieved from the command of the First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, to enable him to return to his own command, for the purpose of attending to necessary business connected therewith. He will turn over the command of the brigadier to the senior officers present. This order to take effect as soon as transportation can be furnished this place.

The general commanding takes this opportunity of returning his thanks to Colonel Doolittle for his voluntary services during the late campaign from Nashville, and to express his high admiration for the ability and soldierly qualities shown by him while in command of the brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Eastport, Miss., January 13, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding in the Field:

Hood has, from the best information I get, and I believe it reliable, gone with his whole infantry force to Tupelo, West Point, and Columbus, Miss. Forrest, with what portion of his cavalry he has left, is yet at Corinth. The boats I sent down for my transportation two days since have not yet returned; I do not know what has become of them. Our rations run out on the 16th; please order some up from Clifton if you have them. I send down one of my commissaries of subsistence to General Schofield for rations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

CAVALRY BUREAU, OFFICE OF SPECIAL INSPECTOR,

Louisville, Ky., January 13, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, inclosing a copy of your letter of the 30th of December ultimo, addressed to Brigadier-General Whipple, assistant

