
The depot at Louisville is governed by the same rules, and is expected to be increased so as to accommodate 8,000 horses-5,000 of these to be first class serviceable, and 3,000 first class unserviceable and 3,000 first class unserviceable. Second class unserviceable to be sent to pasture for a time and transferred to first-class unserviceable as soon as their condition places them under that head. Transfers the lower to the higher class, and from unserviceable at both depots, will be made as often as the condition of the stock will justify.

I am fully impressed, I assure you, general, with the importance of arming gall the cavalry of the Military Division of the Mississippi with Spencer carbine, and no effort on my part will be spared to attain that end. Immediately on the reception of your former communication on that subject I forwarded the same, with a letter indorsing your views, to the Cavalry Bureau at Washington, with the request to be informed as early as practicable as to what number of that arm I might hope to receive monthly for issue to the cavalry of this military division. Major Price, assistant inspector-general cavalry, relied under date December 29:

I have requested the shipment of 1,200 Spencer carbines from Saint Louis to Louisville. They should reach you in a few days. I am unable to notify you in a short time.

With regard to Upton's division, I am ready at any moment to issue to him whatever number of horses, equipments, and arms he may require to put his division in complete order. His requisitions have not yet been received at this office. He has not yet been able to concentrate his command, and at this time has only detachment of a few regiments here-in all, about 1,200 men. I presume he has himself fully advised you of his situation and movements. Knipe's division I shall endeavor to mount and equip at Nashville, but the transportation to be commanded for the shipment of horses is limited and often uncertain. I cannot, therefore, with any degree of certainty, say how long it will require to fit that division out. You may rest assured that all will be done within the compass of the means at my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHAMBLISS,

Major Fourth U. S. Cavalry,

Special Inspector of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Columbia, Tenn., January 13, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Nashville:

No pontoons have been so far received here. River never low enough in winter for our trains to ford. Rations enough.

L. D. WATKINS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Waterloo, Ala., January 13, 1865.

The Cavalry Corps will march to-morrow, at 8 a.m., to permanent camps in the neighborhood of Gravelly Springs. Division and brigade

