
commanders will direct their inspectors to precede their commands, and report to the inspector of the corps that the ground for their camps may be assigned. The march will be in the order the command is now encamped.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

HENRY E. NOYES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. POST OF MURFREESBOROUGH,No. 13. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 13, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Colonel M. B. Houghton, Third Michigan Infantry, is hereby ordered to proceed with his command by rail to Huntsville, Ala., to report to Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps. He will report all sick that are unable to travel to the medical director of this post, being careful to provide the surgeon in charge of the hospital with the descriptive roll of each man. He will turn over all surplus ordnance and ordnance stores (serviceable) to Lieutenant Ed. S. Wheat, ordnance officer of this post. He will march to the depot at-o'clock, and embark as soon as the train is ready.

IV. Colonel J. W. Hall, Fourth Michigan Infantry, is hereby ordered to proceed with his command by rail to Huntsville, Ala., to report to Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps. He will report all sick who are unable to travel to the medical director of this post, being careful to provide the surgeon in charge of hospital with a descriptive roll of each man. He will turn over all surplus ordnance and ordnance stores (serviceable) to Lieutenant Ed. S. Wheat, ordnance officer of this post. He will march to the depot at-o'clock to-morrow morning, and embark as soon as the train is ready.

By command of Brigadier-General Van Cleve:

H. H. SHEETS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, January 13, 1865.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Larkinsville:

Send Colonel Mitchell's and Colonel Salm's commands forward at once, and Colonel Malloy's command to Stevenson. Railroad agents must not be permitted to delay your movements.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, January 13, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Dalton:

Trains leave here this morning with troops to relieve the troops of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, Army of the Tennessee. Be ready to return with trains without delay.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

