
Forrest is at Tupelo, and has furloughed his West Tennessee and Mississippi troops, to enable them to trade in cotton and procure supplies. These measures were necessary in order to feed the troops, owing to destruction of their communications.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Clifton, Tenn., January 14, 1865-10.30 a.m.

(Received 12.20 a.m. 16th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I arrived here this morning, and from all I can learn Hood has gone south of Corinth. Accordingly, General Schofield's corps, in obedience to your orders, has been ordered to Annapolis, and will commence embarking to-morrow.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., January 14, 1865-2 p.m.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Arrived here last night. Nothing here from General Thomas or General Schofield. The telegraph will not be open beyond Nashville till to-morrow. The necessary boats are ordered to rendezvous at Paducah. I go to Paducah to-night. Will be there to-morrow night, and move up Tuesday, unless counter orders come. Is it decided about moving artillery? The horses can be moved so far as the boats go without much difficulty. Rivers are high, and still rising slowly. Present prospects good. Telegraph can reach me at Paducah.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Railroad Transportation.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 11. Steamer Tarascon, January 14, 1865.

I. In obedience to telegraphic orders from the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States, that portion of the Twenty-third Army Corps, Major General J. M. Schofield commanding, now serving with him in the field is relieved from duty in the Military Division of the Mississippi, and will proceed with as little delay as possible to Annapolis, Md. The command will move from Clifton, Tenn., to Louisville, Ky., by water, and thence to Annapolis by such route as General Schofield may consider the most practicable. The transportation of the corps will be left behind and new furnished from Washington. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

