
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Clifton, Tenn.,

No. 12. January 14, 1865.

1. Special [Field] Orders, No. 7, paragraph 6, of January 9, 1865, directing the troops to move to Eastport, is hereby revoked. The troops will be prepared without delay to move by boat, with five days' rations. All wagons, ambulances, and public animals (except artillery horses, officers' private horses, and those of the escorts and mounted orderlies) will be turned over to an officer to be designated from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, at Clifton. The Third Tennessee Volunteer Infantry will remain at Clifton in charge of quartermaster's property until the same shall be removed or otherwise disposed of, when the regiment will repair to Nashville to be mustered out of service. Major-General Couch will take temporary command of the corps and direct the execution of this order and special instructions furnished him herewith.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

5. The new forts, constructed and in progress, under the direction of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Simpson, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, in Kentucky, will be as follows:

Louisville, commencing at the extreme right and extending in the following order to the left of the line: Fort Elstner, after Lieutenant Colonel George R. Elstner, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, killed in action near Utoy Creek, Ga., August 8, 1865; Fort Engle, after Captain Archibald H. Engle, aide-de-camp on the staff of Major-General Schofield, and captain Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, killed in battle of Resaca, Ga., May 14, 1864; Fort Saunders, after Captain E. D. Saunders, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, killed in action in front of Dallas, Ga., June 2, 1864; Fort Hill, after Captain George W. Hill, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, killed in action in front of Atlanta, Ga., Augusta 6, 1864; Fort Horton, after Captain M. C. Horton, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, killed in action in front of Dallas, Ga., May 28, 1864; Fort McPherson, after Major General James B. McPherson, brigadier-general, U. S. Army, killed in action before Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864; Fort Philpot, after Captain J. T. Philpot, One hundred and third Ohio INfantry, killed in the battle of Resaca, Ga., May 14, 1864; Fort Saint Clair Morton, after Major James Saint Clair Morton, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, killed in an assault on Petersburg, Va., June 17, 1864; Fort Karnasch, after Second Lieutenant Julius E. Karnasch, Thirty-fifth Missouri Infantry, topographical engineer on the staff of Major-General Schofield, killed in action in front of Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864; Fort Clark, after Lieutenant Colonel Mervin Clark, One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Infantry, killed in the battle of Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864; Fort Southworth, after Captain A. J. Southworth, ONe hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, killed in action in front of Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

Lexington: Fort Crittenden, after the late Honorable J. J. Crittenden.

Defenses of Camp Nelson: Battery Studdeford, after First Lieutenant Josiah S. Studdeford, adjutant Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, killed in the battle of Crampton's Pass, Md., September 14, 1862.

Louisa: Fort Bishop, after Captain William Bishop, One hundred Ohio Infantry, mortally wounded in action in front of Dallas, Ga., May 28, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

