HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., January 14, 1865.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Twenty-eighth Michigan Infantry, Nashville, Tenn.:

Should you be ordered from Nashville by any one other than General Schofield, please inform me at once.

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 5. Gravelly Springs, Ala., January 14, 1865.

I. Division and brigade commanders will, without delay, cause their commands to erect stabling and quarters on the ground assigned for camps. One week will be allowed for this purpose. Too much time must not be consumed in work which may be interrupted by an active campaign.

II. Commanding officers will make requisitions for and see that their troops are supplied with everything necessary for an active campaign. These estimates will be furnished without delay. Brigade and division commanders will report in writing by the 17th instant evetything that may be required to render their commands efficient.

III. All duty, till further orders, must be done dismounted. Horses may be ridden to water, and orderlies at division and brigade headquarters on important duty may go mounted. Every effort must be made to recuperate the horses and mules of the command.

IV. The tactics to be used hereafter will be those of 1841, double ranks information. Instruction in school of the trooper dismounted will be begun as soon as possible.

V. Strong guards will be established by brigade and division commanders about the camps, in order to prevent the men from leaving camp on improper purposes. Marauding and pillaging must be stopped, and for this purpose all officers of the command are authorized to shoot at once those caught in the act of stealing or destroying wantonly the property of unoffending citizens.

VI. Brigade and division commanders will not be permitted to live in the houses of the country, and enlisted men are forbidden to enter farm-houses for any purpose, unless by permission or order of a commissioned officer. Violations of this order will be punished severely.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

HENRY E. NOYES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, January 14, 1865-10.18 a.m. (Received 11.15 a.m.)

Brigadier General L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding First Division Cavalry;

Inform us whether you have crossed Duck River, and how you are off for forage.

By order, &amp;c.:

LEVI T. GRIFFIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

