
French Broad, and with a less number of men than we now have it would be utterly impossible to do it. I am impelled, under these circumstances, to earnestly request that two companies of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry be ordered to report to me as soon as practicable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. SHANNON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., November 14, 1865.

Major J. F. HERRICK,

Commanding Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry:

The general directs that you move with your regiment to Richmond, Ky., to-morrow, and make the headquarters of the regiment at that point. You will send detachments of your command to such points as you deem best in the counties of Madison, Garrard, Lincoln, Casey, Pulaski, Estill, Rockcastle, Laurel, Jackson, and Owsley, and give protection to the counties and citizens by hunting guerrillas and prowling bands of thieves. You will keep your men under good discipline and communicate with them by courier. Any important news will be telegraphed to these headquarters. One company of your regiment will be left at Lexington, Ky., and ordered to report to commandant of post for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EASTPORT, MISS., January 15, 1865-12 m. (Received 5 p.m. 16th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Arrived at this place this morning. Major-General Smith reports that Hood has gone, with his whole infantry force, to Tupelo, West Point, and Columbus, Miss. Forrest is at and about Okolona with his main force, with small advance parties at Jacinto, Boonville, and Corinth. Forrest's command, as well as Hood's infantry force, is said to be very much broken up and in a disorganized condition. We have had very heavy rains, making the roads almost impracticable. The Tennessee River is also very high, which makes it quite convenient for us to get supplies here, as the largest class of steamers can readily ascend to this point.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

EASTPORT, MISS., January 15, 1865-12 m. (Received 6 p.m. 16th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The fleet is ready for the troops of Major-General Schofield's corps to embark which he is now doing. He will proceed to his destination as rapidly as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

38 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

