
instant, were received to-day. Major-General Schofield commenced embarking his troops yesterday, 15th instant. He consulted with me as to the propriety of taking his troops on boats as far up the Ohio River as possible, which I authorized him to do. I will forward him a copy of your instructions by dispatch boat, and I hope he will be able to communicate with Colonel Parsons by telegraph from Paducah and perfect the arrangements for a comfortable and speedy trip.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 13. Eastport, Miss., January 16, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Battery A, First Tennessee Artillery, Captain A. F. Beach commanding, now stationed at Decatur, Ala., will proceed to Pulaski, Tenn., and report to Brigadier-General Johnson, commanding Sixth Cavalry Division, for duty.

IV. The Forty-seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers, now at Bowling Green, is hereby relieved from duty at that place and will proceed to join its brigade at Eastport, Miss. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment MINNESOTA VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Eastport, Miss., January 16, 1865.

Major J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

In reply to a communication from Major General A. J. Smith, by Major J. Hough, assistant adjutant-general, addressed to Brigadier-General McArthur, commanding First Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, referred to me by Colonel L. F. Hubbard, commanding Second Brigade, calling for explanation regarding a foraging party captured beyond the lines, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 15th instant I ordered a foraging party, consisting of twenty men, in charge of Captain Orlenzo Morehouse, Company H, with three wagons, to go to the vicinity of a mill about three miles from the camp of the brigade, for the purpose of procuring lumber to build shelters for the line officers of the regiment, and procured the approval of a pass for the party by Colonel Hubbard. Captain Morehouse reports that he proceeded to said mill, and being unable to find lumber there, and being informed by a woman residing near the mill that he could find lumber a mile beyond, at an old camp-meeting ground, he proceeded on the road, sending two mounted men in advance to reconnoiter. After proceeding about three-quarters of a mile, the men he had send forward being out of sight, he sent another man forward, mounted, to see where the others had gone, who, after going about sixty rods, discovered a body of mounted men approaching on the road, about forty in number,

