HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, January 16, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following statement and suggestions regarding the Fifth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry for the consideration and action of the major-general commanding the District of Tennessee: When I took command of the defenses of this road, in June, 1864, the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry was stationed at this post. I found it camped outside of the picket-line of the post, men and officers boarding at private houses, inside and out of the lines. I found that officers and men were absent at home and elsewhere without authority. In fact, I found the regiment utterly void of order and discipline. I at once made it specially with my then acting assistant inspector-general (Captain Baird) to try and reduce the regiment to some sort of discipline, and to this purpose he worked faithfully, but without any perceptible benefit. I have tried every means known to me to bring about order and efficiency in the regiment, but have not been rewarded with success, even until this day. In fact, the regiment is as far from being an efficient organization as it was in June. The field officers seem to have no conception of their obligations and duties; have no control over their subordinates or men. Officers and men absent themselves without authority whenever they take notion to visit their homes. The regiment is about 800 strong, and the largest number that can be paraded in camp at any time will not exceed 200. Most of the 600 absentees are unaccounted for. I have been informed that Colonel Stokes was able to keep the men together, and did hold them under reasonable discipline. I therefore suggest that Colonel Stokes be ordered back to his regiment, because without him the regiment is a rabble and entirely worthless to the service. I further suggest that even if Colonel Stokes is ordered back to his regiment, that it be sent beyond the State of Tennessee-clear beyond the reach of their homes-as a sure means of making them of service to the Government. Many of the officers and men live within one or two days' ride of this place, and so long as they are so situated they will be worthless as soldiers. I respectfully request that this regiment be ordered away from my command, and that a regiment of cavalry from some other State be sent in its stead.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 16, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah:

GENERAL: Headquarters arrived last night at 7 o'clock. Malloy's and Boughton's commands comfortably camped at Rains' house, one mile outside the artillery. From dispatch received from Stevenson, which reported Colonel Culver there with his brigade at 2.12 p.m. yesterday, I shall have the entire division on board by to-morrow by 2 p.m. at the latest, with the addition of over 200 of the Eighteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, which General Miller desires me to take with me. Shall telegraph to you further particulars a little later. Fully expect to leave this for Louisville to-morrow, Tuesday, morning early.

THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

