HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., January 16, 1865.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON,

Commanding, Brigade U. S. Colored Troops:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that the Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry proceed without delay and take post on the Northwestern Railroad. They will be so placed as to afford protection to the construction parties on that road, and give aid, as much as possible, toward the rapid completion of it. They will move out with the advance parties of workmen.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, January 16, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On my return here I learned from reliable source that guerrillas infest again the country between here and Shellmound. Some citizens living in the neighborhood are suspected to be in connivance with them. They came as near as a mile from our lines. I have taken the necessary measures to stop the nuisance, and will report again when they are successful.

FELIX PRINCE SALM,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, January 16, 1865. (Via Paducah.)

Major-General STEEDMAN:

The major-general commanding direct some to say he has to-day received a port from James G. Brown, Dalton, relative to certain movements of the rebels southeast of Dalton, and also to inquire whether you have learned anything of such movements; and if so to make a report of them, with all the information you can gather on the subject. The major-general commanding directs that you send in to these headquarters as soon as possible a full report of your operations from the time you left Chattanooga to take part in the campaign before Nashville up to the time of your return to Chattanooga.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, January 17, 1865-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I presumed that your order in regard to Schofield's corps was intended to supersede that in relation to General A. J. Smih's command, and that the latter was to remain with General Thomas. Was I right?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

