
WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 17, 1865.

Colonel . B. PARSONS,

Paducah:

Schofield's corps is to be taken to Alexandria, instead of Annapolis.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 17, 1865.

Major WILLETT,

First Regiment Veteran Volunteer Engineers,

In charge of Engineer Department, Nashville:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that the pontoon train now at Nashville be sent to this place, and that one-half of the train be turned over to Major-General Smith, commanidng Detachment Army of the Tennessee, and that the other half be turned over to Major General J. H. Wilson, commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. The land transportation will be sent with it, and the major-general commanding desires that you will also come with it yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 5. Washington, January 17, 1865.

I. By direction of the President, the Department of the Ohio is united to that of the Cumberland, which will embrace such parts of Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia as may be occupied by troops under the command of Major-General Thomas.

II. Major-General Schofield will turn over to General Thomas all archives, papers, &amp;c., appertaining to the headquarters of the Department of the Ohio.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assisting Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 14. Eastport, Miss., January 17, 1865.

* * * *

III. the artillery of the Detachment Army of the Tennessee, Major General A. J. Smith commanding, will be organized into a brigade, consisting of four batteries of four guns each, two batteries of light 12-pounders, and two 3-inch Rodmans, all under command of a chief of artillery, who will receive orders from Major-General Smith and the chief of artillery of the Army of the Cumberland. The chief of artillery of Major-General Smith's command will immediately equip his four batteries completely by transferring horses,harness, and other necessary material from the batteries ordered to Johnsonville and Paducah, turning in surplus guns to the ordnance department at Nashville, Tenn. All horses and harness belonging to batteries ordered to Johnsonville and Paducah will, after supplying the batteries of General

