
Smith's command, be turned in to the quartermaster's department and ordnance department at Nashville. Captain John W. Lowell, Company G, Second Illinois Light Artillery, is appointed chief of artillery to Major-General Smith's command.

IV. The Ninth Indiana Battery will proceed to Paducah, Ky., to await orders for muster out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

V. the following-named batteries will proceed to Johnsonville, Tenn., and report for duty to the commanding officer of the post; the quartermaster's department will furnish transportation: Battery A, Second Missouri Artillery; Battery I, Second Missouri Artillery; and Cogswell's Independent Illinois Battery.

* * * *

VII. The batteries of the Fourth Corps will be reduced to four-gun batteries, to be selected by the chief of artillery of that corps. Two of the surplus batteries, to be designated by the corps commanders, will be sent to Decatur, Ala., and one to Bridgeport, Ala., dismounted, the horses and harness sent to Chattanooga and turned in to the quartermaster's department accordance department at that post. Battery F, First Ohio Light Artillery, will be retained as the mounted battery at Decatur, Ala.

VIII. The Kansas battery will proceed to Chattanooga, Tenn., and join the light artillery reserve, reporting to Captain Bainbridge, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

IX. The Ninth Ohio Battery, now at Bridgeport, Ala., will be dismounted. The horses and harness will be turned in to the proper departments at Chattanooga, Tenn.

X. Two mounted batteries will be stationed at Nashville as part of the garrison artillery.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 17, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you will order the commanding officer of the infantry detailed for the reconnaissance to Corinth to report with his command to Brigadier General J. T. Croxton, commanding cavalry brigade and reconnaissance, on the Iuka road, at some point beyond and near the picket-line.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 3. Eastport, Miss., January 17, 1865.

I. First Lieutenant William G. Mead, Seventy-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is hereby announced as upon the staff of the major-general commanding as acting assistant adjutant-general, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

