
men, you will take six days' rations-three in haversacks and three in wagons. You will also take your ambulance train, and one wagon to each regiment for cooking utensils. One battery will sufficient. The cartridge-boxes of the men should be full, and about 30,000 rounds of ammunition taken as a reserve supply. Cavalry will accompany you, and full directions given before the time of starting. You will command the expedition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 17, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: For the purpose of making the reconnaissance to Corinth there will be a force equal to a division ordered to report to you from the Detachment Army of the Tennessee. Major-general commanding directs that with this force and your own cavalry [you proceed] as far as Corinth, going by way of Iuka and Farmington. Should you find that the enemy still occupies Corinth, and uses the railroad south of that place, you will destroy the railroad bridge over Tuscumbia Creek; or if you can get to it without too much trouble, you had probably better destroy it in any event. Having accomplished this work, ascertaining at the same time all that you can concerning the present position of the enemy and his future intentions, you will return to your camp on the right bank of the river, unless other orders should be given you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, January 17, 1865-11.10 a. m.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

On arriving here from decatur General Wood sent me in pursuit of rebel General Lyon, with directions to go to the mouth of Paint Rock. On reaching that point ascertained that General Lyon, with hi artillery and most of the force, had already crossed the Tennessee River. I then got the gun-boats Generals Thomas and Sherman to cross my command, and by night march got int he rear of Lyon's entire force, which was camped near Red Hill, ont he road from Warrenton to Tuscaloosa. I descended Sand Mountain at cold Spring Gap, near Summit, and dividing my command, surprised each of the enemy's three camps a half hour before daylight on Sunday morning, capturing his camps half hour before daylight on Sunday morning, capturing his artillery (one 12-pounder howitzer) and about 100 men, including 3 captains and 3 lieutenants, and also something over 10-0 good but jaded horses. We also captured General Lyon in his drawers and stockings, but, unfortunately, the sergeant who had charge acceded to the general's request that he should be allowed to get his pants and boots, and went back into the room with him for that purpose, when the

