
several skirmishes, in which he was infirmly successful, killing over 100 of Palmer's men and the guerrillas, and wounding a large number; he captured 32 prisoners and 56 horses. He did not penetrate into North Carolina beyond Warm Springs.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 18, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

I learn from General Canby that if General Thomas proposes to move on Selma, or some other point toward the Gulf, he (Canby) can co-operate with a force of from 15,000 to 20,000 men. To do this efficiently he will require remounts for a part of his cavalry. You will remember that since about the 1st of October all cavalry horses purchased in the West and Northwest have been sent to General Thomas, to the entire exclusion of Missouri, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana. Consequently, these departments must now have a large number of dismounted cavalry. The question now arises whether we shall continue to send all cavalry horses to General Thomas, or whether General Canby's command should receive its due proportion. This must be decide, in a measure, by your plan of ulterior operations in that part of the country. Whatever that may be, it is obviously important that there should be a concert of action between Canby and Thomas, for the former cannot safely reduce his garrisons on the Mississippi River to operate against the interior of Alabama unless the latter assists at the same time by pursuing Hood or keeping him away from Memphis, Vicksburg, Natchez, &amp;c. Canby seems very anxious to make a campaign this winter while the weather is favorable, if a palm can be determined on and he can be certain of the co-operation of Thomas. I feel confident that Selma and Montgomery can be taken this winter, if Thomas' and Canby's forces can either unite or co-operate. General Sherman writes me that abundant supplies will be found in all the interior of Alabama.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., January 18, 1865-9 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I now understand that Beauregard has gone west to gather up what can be saved from Hood's army to bring against Sherman. If this be the case Selma and Montgomery will be easily reached. I do not believe, though, that General Thomas will ever get there from the north. He is too ponderous in his preparations and equipments to move through a country rapidly enough to live off of it. West of the Mississippi we do not want to do more than defend what we now hold, but I do want Canby to make a winter campaign, either form Mobile Bay or from Florida. You might order all the cavalry horses now in the West to Canby and direct him to make an independent campaign, looking to the

39 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

