HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,[December 5, 1864.]

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the result of my journey to Saint Louis and Memphis, made in accordance with orders, instructions, &amp;c., from General Thomas' headquarters and from headquarters Cavalry Corps:

I left here on the morning of the 20th ultimo and arrived in Saint Louis on the 23rd. The unusual length of time en route to Saint Louis was caused by an accident to the train, and by another circumstance, which I make the object of a special report. At General Rosecrans' headquarters I learned that Colonel Winslow's command would probably arrive in Saint Louis by the 1st of December. I met Colonel Winslow, and after making the necessary and most speedy arrangements for the transfer of that portion of his command to this place, we left November 24 for Memphis. Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, was left in Saint Louis to superintend the transfer. General Rosecrans assured me that he should have every facility for remounting, re-equipping, &c., as quickly as possible. We arrived in Memphis Monday morning, November 28. I saw General Washburn, district commander; at first he did not seem inclined to part with Colonel Winslow's command. The next morning Colonel Winslow and I had another interview with him, when he concluded to let Colonel Winslow's old brigade (Third and Fourth Iowa and Tenth Missouri) go, retaining the following regiments: First Mississippi Mounted Rifles, Second New Jersey Cavalry, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Seventh Indiana Cavalry. These he claimed as ordered to be left there by the brevet major-general commanding the Cavalry Corps. As far as I have been able to learn the First Mississippi Mounted Rifles amounts to but little. The Second New Jersey Cavalry is a very large regiment, but nearly half the men are one year recruits; the regiments is every poorly disciplined. the two remaining regiments (Fourth Missouri and Seventh Indiana) constitute the real strength of what is to be left, and of these I should think the Fourth Missouri the better regiment. Colonel Winslow's letter to en, written after I had left him, will give you a good idea of the matter, and from what I saw of him I judge him to be a very efficient officer, although now unfit for field duty, having been recently wounded. He was perfectly informed on the most minute points, even concerning the condition, wants, &c., of his command, and seemed to take great pride in it. I think his opinion worthy of more than ordinary consideration. The organization of the portion of the command to be left in Memphis shows an aggregate of about 3,000; of this number not more than 1,000 or 1,200 are effective, and it appeared difficult to keep even these effective. That portion which is to leave Memphis will number about 1,400 effective; add to these the detachment from saint Louis, say 1,300, it gives an aggregate of about 2,700. This calculation includes only the following regiments: Third and Fourth Iowa and Tenth Missouri (Winslow's old brigade). Before leaving Memphis General Washburn assured me that he would render Colonel Winslow the necessary facilities for a speedy departure; but as a portion of the command was about starting on a scout, thought they would be unable to leave before to-day (5th). the saint Louis detachment will probably leave to-day also. In Memphis I learned that General Grierson was at his home in Jacksonville, Ill. He had been absent several weeks.

