
capture of Mobile, first, if the job does not promise too long a one, and Montgomery and Selma, and the destruction of all roads machineshops, and stores, the main object. Thomas can do without horses for some time; a portion of his troops could be sent by water to Canby. If Thomas does not* move in co-operation, probably the best route for him to take would be by way of Chattanooga, repairing the road to Rome, and starting from there. These I give as views. What I would order is, that Canby be furnished cavalry horses and be directed to prepare to commence a campaign, and that Thomas be telegraphed to to say what he could do, and when, and get his views upon the choice of routes, looking upon Selma as his objective. Thomas must make a campaign or spare his surplus troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, January 18, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In order that no injustice may be done I would respectfully request that the report of Major General George Stoneman, who commanded the late expedition in Southwestern Virginia, may be examined before any promotions be made for services rendered in that expedition, and I would respectfully call your attention to the services rendered by the Tennessee troops under Brigadier General Alvan C. Gillem. I hope the honorable Secretary of War will show this dispatch to His Excellency the President of the United States.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 18, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport:

The proposition of General Wilson to send dismounted cavalry north of the Ohio River to impress horses is entirely disapproved. The places to impress horses are Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Cavalry Bureau.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 18, 1865.

Captain VAN ANTWERP:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with a flag of truce from this place to Columbus, Miss., the reported headquarters of General J. B. Hood, C. S. Army, where you will turn over to a proper officer, who will deliver the same to General Hood, the several communications addressed to him, placed in your hands with the Confederate

---------------

*So in Grant's record book, but as received by Halleck the word "not" is omitted.

---------------

