
soldier Private Wright, Thirtieth Alabama, taking receipts from the officer to whom you deliver them. This duty performed, you will return to these headquarters with the command constituting the flag of truce.

I am captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 18, 1865.

Colonel PALMER,

Fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry:

I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your report* of operations in the pursuit and capture of General Lyon and a portion of his command, and to express to you and your gallant little troop of officers and men his thanks for the services you revered in giving this party of raiders a finishing touch after they had succeeded in crossing the Tennessee River and considered themselves safe. The blow you struck him probably used up his command "as a command," as President Lincoln remarked the other day about the dog in telling one of his stories to illustrate the situation of the Confederacy at this time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 4. Eastport, Miss., January 18, 1865.

I. Captain George R. Brown, Ninth Indiana Battery, having been relieved from further duty as chief of artillery of this command, Captain John W. Lowell, Battery G, Second Illinois Light Artillery, is hereby announced as chief of artillery and as upon the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly. Division commanders will at once direct all the batteries within their commands to report to the chief of artillery for orders, and will cause them to be dropped from the rolls of the brigade and division.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 7. Gravelly Springs, Ala., January 18, 1865.

First Lieutenant George B. Rodney, Fourth U. S. Artillery, having reported for duty at these headquarters, is temporarily assigned to duty as inspector of artillery for the corps. He will at once make an inspection of the batteries attached to the command and report their condition and want.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

HENRY E. NOYES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 798.

---------------

