SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENN.,Numbers 16. Eastport, Miss., January 19, 1865.

I. Company A, Seventh Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, is hereby detailed for detached service as provost-guard, and will forthwith report to Captain Ross Wilkinson, provost-marshal at these headquarters, for duty.

* * * *

V. Company G, Eighth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, is hereby relieved from further duty as guard at these headquarters, and will forthwith rejoin their regiment for duty.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATHENS, January 19, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

We have a report that some 400 to 800 rebels, supposed to be from Hood's command, are at John Gallagher's, on the north side f the Tennessee River, and have torn down a warehouse and are building boats to cross the river below Kingston. I will start a scout in a few minutes.

JOHN MCGAUGHEY,

Major, Commanding.

P. S.-A scout in states that they are crossing now.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., January 19, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Information received, deemed here reliable, that Peter Everett, with 200 or 300 men, contemplates attacking the railroad trains near Paris, for the purpose of taking he paymaster who they are informed is to pay the troops at Mount Sterling. They are reported to go down Licking and cross by Millersburg. We are in a bad fix now, seven rounds of cartridges to a man; not horses enough to mount ten besides the pickets. I sent 100 dismounted men to Flat Rock on the 17th instant. They discovered nothing in that vicinity. Can five or ten boxes of Spencer cartridges be forwarded to me from Lexington, to supply me until I obtain a supply on my requisition? The attack is to be made this afternoon or to-morrow.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. B. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Michigan Cavalry.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., January 19, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebels, over 300, returned from the direction of Paris about an hour and half since. They crossed the pike about six miles north of here in direction of Owingsville. They traveled through the fields

