
mostly, and were armed with revolvers, no guns or carbines; so say the Union citizens whom they arrested and took with them, and after crossing the pike released them.

S. B. BROWN,

Colonel Eleventh Michigan Cavalry.

PARIS, KY., January 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

Sixty rebels passed within six miles of Paris, going toward Jackson and Sharpsburg. We have not sufficient horses to follow. Colonel Jesse supposed to be with them. They are robbing citizens. another squad reported by an escaped prisoner are coming up.

JOHN W. THROCKMORTON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Cincinnati, Ohio, January 19, 1865.

Major General A. P. HOVEY,

Commanding District of Indiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your communication of the 17th instant, and am instructed by the major-general commanding the department to state in reply that His Excellency the Governor of Indiana complains to him of the depredations committed on the citizens of Southern Indiana by guerrillas from Kentucky, and request that proper steps may be taken by the military authorities to prevent it. The general is satisfied that the complaint is just and the request reasonable, and he believes that the available force in your district, in conjunction with the Union forces in Kentucky, is sufficient to remove all cause of complaint on this score. The character of the people engaged in these marauding parties is not such as to render them formidable in any respect. They are mostly horse-thieves and that class of wretches who prefer to make a living by stealing rather than honest labor and are not inclined to expose their persons to danger in the accomplishment of their infamous purposes. They will starve sooner than fight, except to sane the necks from the halter. It is this class of persons who acre infesting the country south of Ohio and who must be kept from crossing into Indiana to threaten and plunder our people, and the general is determined that an end shall be put to it if he has to go there himself. In his opinion no considerable force will be required at any one point. An efficient corporal's guard at any one point will suffice for the protection of persons and property. Indeed the citizens themselves, if requested to put their rifles, double-barrel shotguns, and pistols in order and to place them where they can conveniently lay their hand son them, would in most instances answer the purpose. It is quite as necessary to have the persons and property of our people protected as Government property, where you state you have troops stationed. In your letter you say that the only mode of driving the guerrillas from the border is to send a mounted force across the river, when you know that repeated applications made from this office for horses have been uniformly refused by the Government, as the general believes, for good and sufficient reasons. So long as this is the case

