
the general believes it is our duty to make use of the means given us in our own department instead of making application for a force we have not, to regulate the department of others.

If in your judgment it should be necessary to employ the Forty-third [Indiana] Regiment to insure perfect security and protection in that part of your district bordering on the Ohio River, he directs that you make use of it irrespective of the indications to which you refer. We must put an end to these complains. It is our duty and if we can't do that we had better go to bed. As these complaints have been communicated through His Excellency the Governor of Indiana, the major-general commanding requests that you will confer with that officer and, if possible, make such arrangements for the preservation of good order and the security of the southern portion of the State as will be satisfactory to both of you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 20, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

SIR: In order that an accurate list may be prepared in this office of all the forts, permanent batteries, and field works in the possession of the United States on the 1st day of January, 1865, you are requested to furnish this office, as soon as practicable, with a complete list of all such works in your department at that time. Every detached work of any description which is armed with field, siege, or garrison guns in position, not accounted for to the office on a light battery return of ordnance stores, hold be included. The name or number of the work, it geographical position, the number and kind of guns mounted, the name of the commanding officer and post-office address, should all be given. Printed forms showing the particulars required, and on which the statement is to be made, are sent herewith.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MAYNADIER,

Colonel and Acting Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 20, 1865.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Yours of January 12 has been received. I am about to return to Nashville and remove the headquarters from Chattanooga to that place. For that reason and that the general commanding may himself return at any time to Nashville, would render it inconvenient for you to occupy any of the buildings set apart as headquarters of the department. There was considerable room in the house situated upon the corner of Union and Cherry streets, which you could make use of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

