SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 31. Washington, January 20, 1865.

* * * *

35. Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Northern Department, will repair to this city, and report in person as a witness to the chairman of the Committee on the Conduct of the War, as soon as his duties will permit. As soon as his services can be dispensed with by the Committee he will immediately return to this proper station.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., January 20, 1865.

Captain JOHN GREEN,

Special Inspector, Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: I am doing everything in my power to get the men together and ready for the field, and have sent back from time to time such instructions as I thought necessary, also such general information as I could gather for your guidance. Before leaving Athens I sent an order directing all dismounted men to be sent to this place, and wrote to Chambliss and Price requesting that remnants be sent to this place from Cairo, Saint Louis, and Louisville by water giving general data upon which to base estimates. General Thomas yesterday telegraphed General Halleck requesting him to do the same thing, or to issue the necessary orders. You cannot fail to see the advantage of having everything concentrated here, and of everybody doing his utmost to push forward the equipment and organization. I want Hatch's division fixes up as soon as Upton's is complete, and then Knipe's. Johnson having to remain north of the Tennessee, or at all events not to start until everything else has moved, may be left to the last to receive his horses and new outfit. The question of arms is a very grave one. I hope when you arrive here nothing will remain to be done in the matter. I have written, I believe, more than once to everybody in the United States approximately or remotely concerned in horses and Spencer carbines. Colonel Miners letter in regard to the depot at Edgefield is very satisfactory. As soon as they are done, find horses somewhere to put in them. There are plenty that will amply repay you for the expense and trouble. In regard to the workmen, say to Colonel Miner that i will not allow details for a permanent party, but will send him all the scalawags, convicts, and shirks I can get for hard-labor men. If this don't supply the demand the quartermaster's department must employ others. In regard to Knipe's dismount brigade, I think it had better come here at once, so that it will be ready to go mounted, if possible, but dismounted, if necessary. Our camps here are fine. Everybody is hard at work, and the command is doing well. I send you a report of horse stock. The class called second are receiving extra care and attention. I wrote to Beaumont to have you come down here. You can render me valuable assistance in every way. If you have matters back which require your care, leave an officer with proper instructions to carry out your wishes.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

