
I inclose the letter* of Colonel Winslow referred to on the preceding page.

I left Memphis November 29 and arrived here this morning (December 5). Was delayed a day or two in louisville, as the regular trains were not running.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. NOYES,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 7. Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

The following allowance of transportation for the Cavalry Corps has been adopted, and will be at once carried into effect under the direction of the chief quartermaster: For headquarters of the corps, four wagons for baggage and desks, and a sufficient number to carry subsistence stores for sales to officers and issues to enlisted men on duty at headquarters. For a division, thirty-five wagons, of which sixteen shall compose the ordnance train of the division, eight shall carry subsistence stores, eight, quartermaster's stores, and three shall be for the division commanders and staff. For brigade headquarters, two wagons for every 1,000 men in the brigade, thirteen wagons for subsistence stores and two wagons for quartermaster's stores. For each regiment there will be allowed five wagons, to be used as follows: One for regimental headquarters, two for baggage of officers, one for quartermaster's and commissary tools, and one, under control of the regimental commander, to carry surplus ordnance stores until they be turned over. In addition to the above, and for operations at a distance from the supply trains, there will be allowed for division and brigade headquarters, each, one light wagon; to each regimental commander, one pack-mule, one to every two field and staff officers, one to officers of each company, and one to every twenty-five men. The allowance of ambulances and hospital wagons will be regulated by the medical director of the corps, but for present use, in case of an emergency, there will be allowed to headquarters of the corps and division two ambulances, to each brigade, one, and to each regiment, two.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 28. Nashville, December 5, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general, Seventeenth Army Corps, having reported for temporary duty in compliance with orders from Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, is assigned to duty on the staff of the brevet major-general commanding.

III. Captain Levi T. Griffin, Fourth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, having report in obedience to orders, is assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general and stationed at cavalry headquarters, Nashville, Tenn. This order to date from November 30, 1864.

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

