
EASTPORT, January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

Your telegram of 10 a. m. 13th is received. The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that your directions to Brigadier-General Cruft to proceed to Chattanooga is approved; as also your directions to Colonel Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to pursue the scattered forces of the rebel general Lyon. Your telegram respecting Bridge's battery has been also received, ad it will receive attention from General Brannan, chief of artillery.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pulaski, Tenn., January 21, 1865.

Colonel E. MIX,

Commanding Eighth Michigan Cavalry:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding you will detail one company from your regiment well mounted and in command of an energetic and intelligent officer, to proceed to Columbia, Tenn., starting about noon to-morrow, so as to arrive there at night. They will go very light; rations and forage can be procured at the post of Columbia, so that none need be taken. Upon arriving at Columbia the officer commanding will report to Colonel Blodgett, commanding that post. It is expected that Colonel Blodgett will have guides and scouts ready to go with them, so that on their arrival there, after resting and feeding their horses, they can at once proceed to the duty intended for them, which is the capture or annihilation of a gang of bushwhackers now in that neighborhood. Colonel Blodgett will be telegraphed to expect them late to-morrow night and to have guides ready. They must go light, and march slowly and steadily, in order not to fatigue the horses. Only men who are well mounted should be of the party. The officer in command will report at these headquarters before starting from town. He will be furnished a copy of this letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pulaski, Tenn., January 21, 1865.

Colonel BLODGETT,

Commanding Post:

COLONEL: General Johnson directs me to say, in answer to your communication of this date, that the man (Gamer) ought not to be captured, but should have been killed on the stop. He directs me further to say that a company of cavalry will be sent to report to you probably to-morrow, starting late, so as to arrive in the night-time. You will be telegraphed when to expect them, but the general suggests the propriety of keeping their arrival a secret, and that you have scouts or

