HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, January 21, 1865-12 m.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

Your telegram of the 13th instant is received. All that I am able to learn tends to confirm the information you send me, and in addition I am in receipt of reports that Hood is assembling his troops at Columbus, Miss., but has orders to proceed to Georgia with them. I will let you know from time to time the reports I get of his movements and will be obliged to you if you will communicate any information you receive.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 22, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that he is constantly in receipt of rumors that there are great numbers of guerrillas in the country west of Pulaski, and between the Tennessee River and Duck River. You are directed to have the country thoroughly patrolled and scouted, and all such persons destroyed, and you are also instructed to frequently explore and examine the country north of Huntsville, and about New Market, Fredericksburg, and Salem, which is also reported infested by guerrillas. Immediately upon receipt of this the major-general commanding desires you to make him a report by telegraph as to how you are getting along at Pulaski and also what is the condition of the country.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 22, 1865.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON,

Commanding Post of Johnsonville:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will return with your command to Johnsonville and occupy the Northwestern Railroad as before the recent demonstrations of the rebel army in front of Nashville. There is now a white regiment at Johnsonville, to which will be added two or three batteries of artillery, to man the fortifications at that place, which will be constructed in accordance with the plans laid out by Major J. R. Willett, of the Engineer Department, Nashville. The troops referred to above will remain at Johnsonville, and form part of the garrison of the place. The major-general commanding directs also that you will use every means to permanently and thoroughly clear the country of the guerrillas ow infesting it, and for this purpose you are authorized to mount from 200 to 500 of the men of your command upon horses taken from rebel sympathizers along the line of the railroad and the surrounding country.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

