
Columbus. I therefore think that it will be impossible to move from the Tennessee River upon Montgomery and Selma with a large force during this winter. it was my purpose, after having driven Hood out of Tennessee, to have assembled my available force at or near Huntsville, Ala., for the winter, and, as soon as the roads became practicable in the spring, to cross the Tennessee River at Whitesburg and Decatur, move by Somerville and Bluntsville, through Brown's and Murphree's Valleys, via Elyton, Cedar Grove, Montevallo, and Summerville [Summerfield?], upon Selma, this country having been represented by various persons as being perfectly practicable and abounding in supplies. That country, however, is in the same condition as the country between this point and Columbus, Miss., at this season of the year, and I do not believe I could make a winter campaign, within reasonable chance of complete success, starting from either this point or Decatur. Should Lieutenant-General Grant determine upon a winter campaign from some point on the Gulf I could send General Canby Major General A. J. Smith's command and all of the cavalry now here, except two divisions, feeling able to securely hold the line of the Tennessee and all the territory now held in East Tennessee with the Fourth Army Corps, the troops in East Tennessee, and two divisions of cavalry. General Smith's command, if all present for duty, would number about 18,000 men. He reports present for duty about 12,000. The cavalry force I could send would also number about 12,000 men.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 1, 1864.

(Via Tallahassee. Received 3rd.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Four 10-inch banded guns have been shipped from Selma to Wilmington. General Maury needs them. As they cannot reach Wilmington, can General Maury have them?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 38. Near Franklin, December 1, 1864.

The commanding general congratulates the army upon the success achieved yesterday over our enemy by their heroic and determined courage. The enemy have been sent in disorder and confusion to Nashville, and while we lament the fall of many gallant offices and brave men, we have shown to our countrymen that we can carry any position occupied by our enemy.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

To be read at the head of each regiment.

