
IV. Captain W. W. Van Antwerp, Fourth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, having reported in obedience to order, is assigned to duty as acting aide-de-camp. This order to date from November 30, 1864.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you replace all the men belonging to General Watkins' brigade that are on detached duty by men from your other brigade, and hold General Watkins' brigade in readiness to move at short notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, December [5], 1864.

General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division:

Mount all the men for whom you have horses, arms, and equipments, and report to me what articles you are short, and how many. The order of the Secretary of War contemplates and authorized the seizure of every species of property necessary to put your command in an efficient condition. If saddles, blankets, or arms can be found you should take them at once. Answer as soon as possible.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GALLATIN, December 5, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts in; chased by the rebels to the river. Breckinridge, with three brigades of 8,000 mounted men, left Lebanon this morning, and is expected to cross at Carthage to-night or to-morrow. He is to go to Kentucky, striking the railroad near Bowling Green. He arrived in Lebanon Sunday. Citizens say that Forrest will cross near Clarksville. Biffle's brigade is in Lebanon, and is though by some to be a re-enforcement for Breckinridge; by others to remain and watch us and the rebel rear. The men went to three miles and a half of Lebanon before being suspected. I have another out alone, who expects to be in the town to-night and reach me before morning. The country south of the river is full of rebels gathering horses and clothing and receiving horses and supplies from this side. I will get all the horses in the country; there are but few. I have 400 men out in all directions pressing. Have been destroying all the boats I could find since arrival. I have started all my available force to Carthage, thirty-three miles east, as a corps of observation, besides scouts.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

