
GALLATIN, December 5, 1864.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Schofield's train, with 400 infantry and fifty of my men as advance guard, left here for Nashville at 1 o'clock this morning; 500 wagons.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding Seventh Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: You will send a staff officer to Clarksville, with orders to bring the detachment of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry from that place, also all other detachments of Winslow's or Hatch's divisions which may have arrived at that place. They will march through the country, and bring in all serviceable cavalry horses that may be obtained, bringing their baggage and equipments by wagons. Colonel Johnson, commanding colored troops, will give them all the assistance in his power. Inclosed find a quantity of blank receipts.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

LEVI T. GRIFFIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 5, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Murfreesborough:

It is reported to me that General Milroy has captured six pieces of artillery from the enemy, who attacked block-houses 6 and 7 yesterday p. m. If this report is correct I desire you to have pieces taken to Murfreesborough and put in position in the fortifications at that place. Make me a full report of your operations since our communication has been broken up. We are all right here, only waiting for our cavalry, which will be here in a few days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., December 5, 1864.

Major JAMES T. HICKEY,

181st Ohio Volunteer Infantry:

SIR: Major-General Rousseau directs that you take command of a construction train and guard and move out, with as little delay as possible, to repair the railroad between this place and Nashville. You will take with you a telegraph operator and an instrument, and establish telegraphic communication with this place. You will communicate promptly to these headquarters all the information you can obtain of

