
threaten Missouri, in order to compel the enemy to recall the re-enforcements he is sending to General thomas. I beg to urge upon yo prompt and decisive action. The fate of the country may depend upon the result of Hood's campaign in Tennessee. Sherman's army has lately abandoned Atlanta on a venturesome march across Georgia to the Atlantic coast about Savannah. His object is, besides the destruction of public and private property, probably to re-enforce Grant and compel Lee to abandon Richmond. It is hoped that Sherman may be prevented from effecting his object, but, should, it be otherwise, the success of Hood in Tennessee and Kentucky would counterbalance the moral effect of the loss of Richmond. Hence the urgent necessity of either re-enforcing Hood or making a diversion in Missouri in his favor.

Hoping that you may give us the desired assistance, I remain, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 2, 1864.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Macon, Ga.:

It is important to put in running order the railroad from West Point, via Atlanta, to Augusta. Cannot you impress or otherwise obtain 900 negroes, to report to Major Hottle, assistant quartermaster, who has charge of the work? Prompt action in necessary.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 2, 1864-3 p. m.

Major General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

I will leave in the morning for Savannah.

* * * *

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 2, 1864.

(Via Corinth and Tuscumbia.)

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

Scouts from vicinity of Memphis report Steele passing up river on 24th with 15,000 men. They are doubtless intended to re-enforce Thomas. Endeavor to defeat either before a junction. Keep me advised of your movements.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CONFIDENTIAL CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Near Nashville, December 2, 1864.

General Lee will form his corps with his center upon the Franklin pike; General Stewart will form on General Lee's left; and General Cheatham on General Lee's right.

