
The entire line of the army will curve forward from General Lee's center so that General Cheatham's right may come as near the Cumberland as possible above Nashville, and General Stewart's left as near the Cumberland as possible below Nashville. Each position will be strengthened as soon as taken, and extended as fast as strengthened. Artillery will be placed in favorable positions. All engineer officers will be constantly engaged in examining the position of the enemy and looking to all his weak points. Corps commanders will give all until further orders, unless the enemy should advance on us.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 2, 1864.-For Mason to Cheatham and Mason to Bate, relative to operations against railroad from Murfreesborough to Nashville, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 744.]

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY,

Numbers 1. In the Field, December 2, 1864.

I. There are four regularly organized and recognized companies of scouts for this command, viz: Captain T. Henderson's company, Captain Harvey's company, Captain Kizer's company, and Captain Cobb's company. None others will be recognized, and all men acting as scouts on the independent order or under instructions otherwise than from these headquarters will be ordered to report at once to their respective commands.

II. All quartermasters and C. S. army sergeants, non-commissioned officers of the staff and line, and privates who do not have a gun, by the 1st day of January, 1865, will be dismounted and placed in infantry.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRENGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 2, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

I intended visiting Mobile in a few days, but have to leave immediately for the Atlantic coast. My headquarters will remain here. Meanwhile direct all matters in your department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 2, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Action in case of General Smith approved. Is General Leadbetter in Mobile, and can he be spared? Your communication in regard to Halligan has been forwarded, but General Beauregard desire you will confer with Commodore Farrand, and act as you shall decide on.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

41 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

