
MOBILE, December 2, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Montgomery, Ala.:

Enemy reported in Franklinton, La., yesterday, moving east. Fewer ships in lower bay than usual. Hartford gone. Salute of thirteen guns fired yesterday, probably for Granger.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA.,

Numbers 145. Mobile, Ala., December 2, 1864.

I. All officers and men serving in this department, who are absent on leaves of absence, or furloughs, and able to perform duty, will immediately rejoin their respective commands, and their leaves of absence and furloughs are hereby revoked, as every man able to render service is needed immediately. It is expected that this order will be promptly complied with, and as soon as the existing emergency has passed a renewal of the leaves and furloughs thus revoked will be grained.

II. Until further orders, no leaves of absence or furloughs will be approved at these headquarters, except in extraordinary cases.

III. It is enjoined upon all officers to use their utmost exertion toward effecting the immediate return to their commands of all absentees.

By command of Major-General Maury:

WILLIAM M. LEVY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

MOBILE, December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General DAN. W. ADAMS,

Talladega:

Please send Dawson's and Brown's companies to Pollard; they are Confederate cavalry. Will you be able to send any forces to me?

D. H. MARUY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 2, 1864.

General F. GARDNER,

Jackson, Miss.:

Abbay will go to Meridian this evening. Jenifer went to Montgomery. I telegraphed Brent your wish. Davidson will probably move toward Winchester or to Pascagoula. I hope you will be able to assemble sufficient force on Mobile and Ohio Railroad at such points as will best protect it. Governor Clark will be able, I think, to place militia near Winchester or Shubuta in time.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

