
MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 3, 1864.

Captain W. A. REID,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

Mabry's constitutes garrison at Corinth. Patterson is under orders of General Roddey. If pickets and details are needed from Patterson call on General Roddey for them.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,Midway, December 3, 1864-10 p. m.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy under General Irvin [?] moved from Bean's Station above Mooresburg yesterday, but returned in the evening. This force came from Kentucky. Scouts from the rear of the enemy, in the direction of Cumberland Gap, report their strength to be from 2,000 to 3,000. Information derived from Union sources represents the forces under Irvin [?] to have come to Bean's Station for the purpose of protecting a wagon train moving in the direction of Strawberry Plains. A force came up to Russellville this evening, driving in my pickets. I did not ascertain their strength. I suppose it to be the same force that was at Mooresburg, having crossed an Noah's Ferry, north of Morristown. No enemy have made their appearance this side of Strawberry Plains. A portion of Gillem's command is moving up the south side of the French Board River. In view of the enemy's re-enforcement, I have fallen back this side of Lick Creek. I would suggest the propriety of the country west of Saltville, in the direction of Cumberland Gap, being watched, for fear the major portion of Burbridge's force moving in that direction. I shall guard, as far as possible, all approaches in the direction of the railroad. I have Major Day's battalion on the Rogersville road. My trains are at Evans' Cross-Roads, east of Warrensburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Major Day will scout in the direction of Cumberland Gap. General Duke is with me as yet.

Semi-weekly return of French's division, December 3, 1864.

Command.	 Effective	 Total.	 Aggregate

 total.

General staff.	 ...	 10	 15

Cockrell's brigade.	 247	 403	 438

Sears' brigade.	 810	 964	 1,046

Total.	 1,057	 1,377	 1,499

