
RICHMOND, December 4, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

Your telegram of the 2nd instant is referred to me for answer. If General E. K. Smith can now act as you suggest it would be well he should do so. You are authorized so to inform him, and to request his prompt attention. He has, however, failed herefore to respond to like emergencies, and no plans should be based on his compliance.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR MACON, December 4, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

General S. COOPER:

General Hood reports, from near Columbia, Tenn., 28th ultimo, enemy's force has evacuated Columbia, retreating to Nashville, He anticipates no difficulty about supplies.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,December 4, 1864-8.35 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWARD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I inclose a note from Chalmers. General Hood directs you to place a brigade on the Hillsborough pike and send a couple of Parrott guns to Chalmers. The brigades should be properly posted, and should connect with the other portion of your skirmish line to guard against any misfortune.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' DIVISION,December 4, 1864.

Colonel A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: It would be of great assistance to me in my operations on the river if a brigade of infantry can be sent to occupy this (Hillsborough) pike, so as to relieve Colonel Rucker's brigade and enable me to move him down to the river. I think the infantry would be of more service to me if used in that way than in any other. I would be glad to have the section of Parrott guns belonging to General Stewart's corps ordered to report to me for duty on the river. I have now a good supply of ammunition for my two Parrott guns, but have almost none for my other two guns (James' rifles). At the last account there were six gun-boats and one monitor in the river, and two guns a rescarcely sufficient to attack them successfully. I am informed (unofficially) that a considerable body of cavalry was heard moving down on the opposite side of the river last night, but have heard nothing of them since.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

