
MOBILE, December 4, 1864.

(Received 7.20 10th.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Farragut has gone to the North. The Hartford and other heavy vessels have disappeared from down bay. Steele, with 15,000 men, reported to have gone from Memphis up river last week. Governor harris reports all of Tennessee south of Duck River in our possession. People of Tennessee and army in high spirits. A column of cavalry, under Davidson, 4,000 strong, reported moving from East Louisiana for Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Halligan, recently appointed lieutenant, has not yet used his torpedo boat; I do not believe he ever will. His boat is reported a most valuable invention. Many officers, army and navy, are urgent for command of her. May not Commodore Farrand or myself place proper officer in command, to attack enemy at once?

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MIDWAY, December 4, 1864.

(Via Jonesborough.)

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Below you will find dispatch from Major Day, north of Holston River. Enemy near Bull's Gap last night advancing.

WARRENSBURG, TENN.

General VAUGHN:

My scouts from Rocky Springs have returned. I do not think there is any doubt about General Burbridge being in the vicinity of Bean's Station with his Saltville crew force; but I do not think that he will advance on Bristol by this route, but rather think that he will go to the railroad by the way of Noalr's or Long's Ford. Make your arrangements to meet heavy re-enforcements in East Tennessee; they are here. Will return to a point three miles above Warrensburg to-night. Dispatch to me by Collier's Ford. The enemy blockaded Flat Gap yesterday. There is no danger by Sneedsville. Let me hear form you.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 5, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

(Care of General Cobb, Macon, Ga.:)

General Gardner reports to-day from Meridian that he has information considered reliable that the troops lately landed at Memphis have gone up river. He will go to Corinth soon as he can be spared.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 5, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

(Care of General Cobb, Macon, Ga.)

Dispatch from Grand Junction, December 3, reports General A. J. Smith and forces coming down river to Memphis; Washburn and forces moving up river; also troops from direction Vicksburg moving up river without stopping at Memphis.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

