HEADQUARTERS,Near Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 5, 1864.

Major-General BATE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 7 a. m. this morning just received. Two good brigades, with a battery each, have just been sent to the vicinity of Murfreesborough. General Hood directs that you will report to Major-General Forrest, and that the defeat of that portion of the enemy at Murfreesborough is of the first importance.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRING HILL, December 5, 1864.

Dr. J. B. COWAN,

Chief Surgeon, Forrest's Cavalry:

SIR: In accordance with your order I began the removal of wounded from Franklin to Columbia, but arriving at this place with six wounded men I learned that no hospital had been established at Columbia for our men, and that those who were there were suffering very much for comfortable lodging and medical attention. I therefore deemed it best to acquaint you with these facts before I proceed further. Those men I brought to Spring Hill have comfortable places, and I have placed them under the charge of Dr. Fitz Gerald, assistant surgeon Seventh Tennessee, who was left in charge of the wounded at Sprung Hill. Those men at Franklin are doing well. The citizens have plenty and are anxious for them to remain. I will return to Franklin to attend those wounded and to await your decision.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCAMPBELL,

Surgeon in Charge Chalmers' Division Hospital.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 5, 1864.

Brigadier General RODDEY,

Commanding Cavalry, &c., Northern Alabama:

General Hood directs that you not only destroy the railroad from Huntsville to Stevenson, but also from Stevenson to Murfreesborough. Communicate with General Hood in order that he may send you further orders.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Near Greeneville, December 5, 1864. (Vua Jonesborough.)

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Major Day dispatches, me, 3p. m. yesterday, from the north side of the Holston, that Burbridge with seven regiments was at Bean's Station on the 3rd instant. Scouts report no enemy in the vicinity of Bull's

