
II. Commanding officers will forward, with as little delay as possible, the names of those officers and soldiers who passed over the enemy's interior line of works at Franklin, on the evening of the 30th of November, that they may be forwarded to the War Department and placed upon the roll of honor.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,In Field, December 6, 1864.

Captain GALE.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the men detailed to work on batteries finished works for eight guns, and, if necessary, they may be put into position to-night. For want of tools the men were not able to finish the work for the remaining four guns, but will do so to-night. The line, as run out by the engineers on the right of my division, seems to be too much on the side of the ridge, so much so that the view in front is shut out by the summit, forty yards in front; therefore, to establish a battery on this part of

the line, it would be necessary to establish it fifty yards in front of the main line. I fear some error has been made, and would like to have the engineer to look over this part of the line that it may be rectified if necessary. The engineer did not report last night as expected, but I believe the works have been very well laid out. In case you wish to put artillery in position to-night be kind enough to let us know before dark, that everything may be put in readiness beforehand. There seems to be no change in my front.

Respectfully,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,December 6, 1864

Major HAMPTON,

Officer of the Day:

MAJOR: If it can be done I wish work thrown up behind the house where we have the pickets. The house can then at some time be burnt. Also let our skirmishers advance to the stone wall that separates them from the enemy as soon as it is dusk.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

ON THE LINE, December 6, 1864.

Major General S. G. FRENCH:

GENERAL: I deem it entirely unnecessary to advance skirmisher to the stone wall, as our pits can be strengthened without it and such a position is very much exposed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HAMPTON,

Major, Twenty-ninth North Carolina.

Increase the party at the house.

S. G. F.

