
ner will send some troops to defend road. Governor Clark will have militia sent for same purpose. Does General Beauregard desire the construction of 100 pontoons to continue? The work absorbs all my mechanics. The present condition Army of Tennessee may render them unnecessary.

General Taylor has reached here. Have directed pontoons to be continued, which will be done in a few days.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,

No. 6. Montgomery, Ala., December 7. 1864.

I. General Beauregard has seen. with pain and mortification, that large numbers of the Confederate cavalry are absent from their colors without leave, avoiding all duty, shirking from contact with the enemy, roaming over the country engaged in the pillage and robbery of defenseless women and loyal citizens, and devastating a fair and fruitful county, on' the productions of which our country depends. He has determined that a rigid scrutiny shall be had in regard to all such acts, and will bring to punishment offenders. He enjoins on all commanders to institute immediate inquiry, arrest offenders, and bring them to trial. Existing orders and regulations on the subject of transferring dismounted cavalrymen-those guilty of improper conduct in face of the enemy and of violence to citizens-must be strictly executed.

II. To this end depots will be established at Macon, Opelika, and Okolona, under command of officers of rank and discretion, to which commanders of cavalry will all immediately send all cavalrymen who are dismounted, or who do not keep themselves prepared with serviceable horses, or shall misbehave before the enemy, or shall be guilty of illegally wasting, spoliating, or appropriating to thee own use any private property, or doing violence to any citizen. Brigade or regimental commanders of cavalry will, at the same time, detail a suitable officer to proceed with such officers and men to the nearest camp, and will forward duplicate descriptive lists of all such as may be sent-one to the army headquarters and the other to the commandant of the camp.

III. All cavalry soldiers found absent from their commands without proper authority will be arrested and sent with a written statement of the facts concerning their arrest to the nearest camp, and duplicate to his commander. Their horses and equipments will be turned over immediately notify the chief guartermaster of the army of the fact.

IV. The commanding officers of the camps will forward weekly to army headquarters [lists] of all officers and men sent to their camp, with such other statements and remarks as will enable the army commander to make the necessary order of transfer to infantry commands. Those returns will be promptly revised by the army commander, who will, with as little delay as practicable, make transfer in all cases deemed by him proper, and forward to these headquarters copies of his orders, with his reasons for the transfer.

V. Commanding officers of these camps will be held responsible for the drill and discipline of the men under his command. He will organize them into companies and assign them suitable officers. Guard duty will be strictly performed, and the roll called, and other duties prescribed in army regulations, and general will be duly observed.

