
MOBILE, DECEMBER 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Reports indicate the enemy as marching on Shubuta, Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Clanton's brigade reaches Shubuta to-day. Governor Clark promised to have all the militia whom he could to send at Shubuta during the week. General Gardner has been directed to send all the supernumerary and dismounted men in camp in camp at Crawfordsville to Shubuta; intend putting 1,000 men at Shubuta, and same number at Bucatunna. Have directed prisoners at Meridian to be moved to Cahaba and stores to be ready to move to Demopolis. I hold such cavalry as I can spare here in readiness to move against the column reported to be advancing by lower road on Mobile and Ohio Railroad or its vicinity. Still receive reports of preparations at Pascagoula to move against Mobile. No movements yet commenced from Pensacola.

Believe Farragut has gone North.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Mobile, December 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will proceed to Meridian and direct the movements of the troops against the enemy, who is moving from Pearl River toward the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. General Gardner has gone to Corinth, but a telegram has been sent recalling him to Meridian. Put yourself in communication with him as quickly as possible. The dismounted men of Clanton's brigade, about 350, leave Meridian for Shubuta this evening. The governor of Mississippi will send militia as rapidly as possible to aid in the protection of the railroad. There is a company of cavalry of the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment marching from Enterprise, which I have ordered to be stopped at Shubuta to report to Colonel Colvin, to scout, &amp;c. I will hold as much of the cavalry in the District of the Gulf as can be spared to aid in operations against the enemy. When it becomes necessary to remove the stores from Meridian of elsewhere on the road they will be sent to Demopolis. You will report to General Gardner and act under his orders. In default of your ability to communicate with him rely on your own judgment and the above instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. M. LEVY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Mobile, December 7, 1864-10.45.p. m.

Colonel R. Mc. CULLOCH,

Dog River Factory:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that you will move at day dawn to-morrow with all your available force (leaving only the necessary pickets) to Leakesville, Miss., where telegraphic orders will

