
be sent you form Citronella. Please throw out scouts in the direction of Augusta and Ellisville, and in any other direction likely to be taken by the enemy. Colonel Maury, with 250 cavalry and Tobin's light battery, will reach here to night from Bakely. He will be ordered to report to you, and to move on the Leakesville road at day light or as soon thereafter as practicable. If you take with you Tobin's battery, it is deemed expedient to leave behind the section of Winston's guns which you have with you. Your quartermaster has been instructed to place six days' forage of corn at Citronella. At Bucatunna you will find a supply of forage for your animals and rations for your men. Colonel Colvin, with 350 men and a battery, arrived at Shubuta of Bucatunna to-night. Put yourself in communication with him in the defense of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Colvin will probably have with him the company of sixty-six men of morning. The general commanding places great reliance upon your known vigor and promptness, and hopes, with the co-operating force of Colvin and others which are expected, that you will be able-to thwart designs of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, December 7, 1864.

General GARDNER:

If there is no movement against Corinth send at once every man you can spare to Meridian and to points on the railroad below Meridian which may be threatened. I have sent General Thomas to Meridian, and ordered him to take command of all troops there and below as far as Bucatunna and oppose the enemy. I hold the available cavalry and light artillery here ready to move to meet column reported advancing in this direction. Did Hood order the troops away from Crawfordsville? I ordered them to be sent to Bucatanna before I left Meridian. General Martin is ordered to you by General Beauregard, also Captain Jenifer. Thomas is sent to Meridian for this emergency. I have ordered the prisoners away at once to Cahaba, and stores when necessary. Urge Governor Clark to urge out the militia.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 7, 1864.

Major General F. GARDNER,

Meridian, Miss.:

A company of McCulloch's brigade, sixty-six strong, marched yesterday morning from Enterprise toward Mobile. Orders will find it at Shubuta or Bucatunna. Use it if you find it necessary, informing me where you send it. Send King's company down to Bucatunna at once, giving them small-arms. Send their cannon with them if they have any. How soon can you have troops at Bucatunna, and what force?

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

