
GREENEVILLE, TENN., December 7, 1864-7 p.m

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Yours of the 6th instant has just reached me. In regard to sending General Duke's command north of the Holston River as soon as I can spare them, that time will not come as long as the forces remain in East Tennessee that were in our front when you left us, and now there is a force that came from Cumberland Gap of from 2,000 to 4,000 men, so all my scouts and citizens report. But is my intention to send General Duke's command to Hawkins County to-morrow or next day, if everything is quit. My scouts were at Noah's Ferry of Ford, yesterday p. m., and the enemy were still encamped in the vicinity of Bean's Station, with pickets at all the fords on the Holston near there. This county is full of parties from the Federal Army bush whacking. General Duke's men were attacked to-day, while foraging, within four or five miles of Greeneville, and

two of his men captured. The forces of Colonel Palmer do us no good. The enemy have foraged none above the Strawberry Plains since you left south of the Holston River. General Carter and I agreed to exchange all citizen prisoners, except a few who are indicted for treason. I have sent a copy of the agreement to the Secretary of War. Whether they will agree to it or not is to be seen. I did what I thought was best for our friends. The railroad is repaired only abound half way to Greeneville at this time. To send Cosby's and Giltner's brigades into Hawkins or Hancock Counties, in Tennessee, or Lee Country, Va., would threaten Cumberland Gap and cause the force at Bean's Station to fall back. There is plenty of supplies of all kinds in either of those counties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

GREENEVILLE, December 7, 1864.

(Via Jonesborough.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Burbridge's forces still at Bean's Station, Tenn., yesterday. I think he is awaiting the result of Hood's campaign in Middle Tennessee.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 8, 1864.

(Received 14th.)

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

(Care of General Cobb, Macon, Ga.)

P. Ellis, assistant adjutant-general, reports following from Jackson, Miss., 7th:

Fourteen boats loader with troops reported went up river from Memphis on 3rd instant.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.)

