HEADQUARTERS, Six Miles from Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 8, 1864-2p. m.

Major-General FORREST,Commanding Cavalry, Army of Tennessee:

General Hood directs me to say that he sent Lieutenant Wade, aided-camp, this morning to tell you to drive the enemy back; he does not wish that you shall so construe this order as to mean to attack the enemy's works at Murfreesborough, but you will endeavor to drive them back to Murfreesborough, and then give them an opportunity to go out from there either toward Lebanon or any other direction they may chaos. General Hood is fully satisfied that you have done all that could be done in the case, and desires that you will continue to act upon your best judgment of the case.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Six Miles from Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 8, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General FORREST,Commanding Cavalry:

General Hood directs that you will send Major-General Bate's division and Sears' brigade back to the army, keeping the other two brigades of infantry and whatever artillery you deem necessary. As soon as Bate's division arrives here General Hood will send you another division of infantry, one of the best in army. Keep your scouts out well in the direction of Lebanon.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, December 8, 1864.

Governor CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

I have sent General Thomas to Meridian to command the troops. McCulloch's brigade, with Maury, go toward Bucatunna. Gardner has ordered down Mabry and others, sufficient, I believe, to check him, and if your State troops get out promptly he will be ruined. Urge everything out to report to General Thomas at Meridian, those about Bucatunna to Colonel Colvin.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 8, 1864-2.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR:

Have just heard from Gardner and Governor Clark. Enough troops are in motion to defeat enemy. Think they will concentrate in time, probably near Bucatunna. Nothing will be moved from Meridian,unless road is cut below and near. Prisoners will be sent off at once.

