
BRIDGEPORT, December 5, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have the honor to report the safe arrival of my command at Stevenson, about 250 wagons, followed by a large concourse of refugees and contrabands. Five hundred or 600 of the enemy's cavalry followed us yesterday, threatened the train, but were easily driven off. The roads were wretched, and the streams barely passable. The locomotive and two cars sent back to Huntesville were escorted by 120 men, all that could be got on. They were not captured, but lost by the carelessness of a frightened engineer, who ran the engine off the track, being fired at by a few citizens, who were all the enemy in the town.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, December 5, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville, Tenn.:

The enemy are in our front, and we are only waiting to get out cavalry up, when we will resume the offensive again. What news have you of the enemy's movements in your vicinity, or of General Sherman's in Georgia?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, December 5, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

All accounts agree in locating the enemy north of the Wautaga River; I will know for certain to-morrow or next day. I am shoeing horses and collecting my party together for a sudden push in the direction indicated in my telegram; also to destroy the railroad desired by General Thomas.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

Colonel Grider informs me that when the Twenty-sixth Kentucky leaves Bowling Green that place will be left almost without troops. Where are th four regiments I sent to relieve the Twenty-sixth? It is nearly a month since the change was ordered and the Twenty-sixth is not here yet. See to it at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

BEAN'S STATION, December 5, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

Captain J. BATES DICKSON:

I am informed that a large rebel force is concentrating for the invasion of Kentucky at Jonesborough and bristol. I do not credit it, but if an invasion occurs they will probably go by way of Estillville, Jonesborough,

