HEADQUARTERS, Six Miles from Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 9, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General FORREST,Commanding Cavalry:

I wrote you yesterday that General Hood directed you should send up Bate's division and Sears' brigade, and that he would send you another division of infantry. He now desires me to inform you that you will send up Bate and Sears, as heretofore directed, but that he will not send you another division of infantry. The two brigades of infantry which you will retain you will make intrench themselves strongly on Stewart's Creek, or at La Vergne, as you may deem best, to constitute a force in observation of the enemy. Keep a battery with these two brigades, or two, if you think one will not be enough. General Hood directs also that you have a brigade of cavalry in the neighborhood of Lebanon, to picket from there to the "Hermitage," and hold the remainder of your cavalry in observation of the enemy at Murfreesborough, keeping your headquarters on or near the main Nashville and Murfreesborough road.

A. O. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Six Miles from Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 9, 1864-2.20 p. m.

Major-General FORREST,Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hood is making such dispositions as to endeavor to prevent the enemy from re-enforcing Murfreesborough, and also to defeat the force at Murfreesborough should they attempt to leave there.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Numbers 171 In the Field, December 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. Captain C. S. Hill is announced on the staff of the major-general commanding as chief of ordnance, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, December 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR.

Montgomery:

Following dispatch just received, dated Shubuta, December 9, 1864:

No very reliable information of enemy's movements. Scout, arrived here this morning, who has been miles south, reports having seen Colonel Scott's cavalry, who said enemy crossed Leaf River, at Enon, Wednesday night, with 8,000 infantry

