
and 2.000 cavalry, moving in direction of Winchester or State line, and says he obtained this information from a major in Colonel Scott's command. A citizen arrived at Waynesborough last night; states he traveled from Woodville on a line parallel to enemy twelve miles distant; saw Scott's men, who said enemy were 5,000 cavalry, two negro and one white regiment of infantry, with wagons and pontoons. All statements agree that they are moving slowly. Rained slowly all night and now very hard, which must raise streams.

Enon is on Leaf River, twelve miles west of Augusta, about fifty miles dane west of Mobile and ohio Railroad, and on the lower road to Mobile. All previous accounts represent the enemy's force as exclusively cavalry, with seventeen pieces of artillery.

D. H. MAURY.

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 9, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General GARDNER,

Meridian, Miss.:

Reports from Mr. Fleming, at Shubuta, this morning, say enemy crossed Leaf River on Wednesday night, at Enon. Please push troops down to Bucatunna, and have preparations made to move them still lower. Thomas reports that he can learn nothing of any enemy above Shubuta.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 9, 1864-7 p. m.

General THOMAS,

Enterprise:

If you cannot hear of other position of enemy act on the report of his having crossed Leaf River on Wednesday. Draw more troops to Bucatunna, and be prepared to move them promptly down from there.

Left me hear from you fully and often.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[DECEMBER 9, 1864.-For abstract from field return of Stewart's corps, see Part I, p. 679.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, EAST TENNESSEE, Greenville, December 9, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

DEAR SIR: Captain Messick, who was captured a week ago by Burbridge's forces, made his escape from Bean's station on the night of the 7th. Below you will find a copy of his letter:

RUSSELLVILLE, December 8, 1864.

General VAUGHN or DUKE:

While a prisoner among the Yankees at Bean's Station, I learned that General Burbridge had with him three brigades-the First,commanded by Colonel Brown; the Second, by Colonel Buckley; the Third, by Colonel Wade, of the Sift U. S. (colored) Regulars-nine regiments: Eleventh Kentucky (Colonel Boyle), Twelfth, Thirtieth,

