
Fifty-fourth, Thirty-ninth (or Fifty-ninth) Kentucky Regiments, Twelfth Ohio (Lieutenant-Colonel Bentley), Eleventh Michigan, two negro regiments, five pieces of artillery that I saw (eight in all, I think), one 12 the others 6 pounders. His couriers represented three regiments of infantry on Clinch Mountain on the 6th. on their way to the station. He has between 5,000 and 6,000 cavalry and mounted infantry.

Respectfully, yours,

W. R. MESSICK.

Burbridge's forces have remained stationary at the station for one week; they certainly are waiting the movements of Hood's army. If Hood should be defeated, I think he will make a move up the country, but I think it quite likely that he is protecting the evacuation of East Tennessee by way of Big Creek and Cumberland Graps. I have pickets and scouts, about 100 strong, at Russellville, and shall watch them closely and keep you posted.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Near Nashville, Tenn., December 10, 1864.

I. General Hood deems it highly probable that we will fight a battle before the close of the present year, and it is necessary, therefore, that our troops should be kept well in hand at all times. Should it occur in front of Nashville, he directs that, when it appears imminent to corps commanders, they will send all their wagons, except the artillery, ordnance, and ambulances, to the vicinity of Brentwood to go into park.

II. Lieutenant-General Stewart will at once select all good points in rear of his left flank, and have them fortified with self-supporting detached works to secure it against any attempt the enemy might make to turn it. Major General Cheatham will do the same on his right flank.

III. Lieutenant-General Lee will select all good points in rear of his right and left flank, and fortify them with strong self-supporting detached works, so that should it become necessary to withdraw either of the corps now upon his flanks that the flank thus becoming, the right or left flank of the army may be in condition to be easily defended.

IV. General Hood desires that corps commanders will superintend in person as much as possible these works, not leaving them either to subordinate commanders engineer officers. Let them urge upon all we may be fully prepared to meet any movement of the enemy.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS, December 10. 1864.

General WALTHALL:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Stewart to say to you that he considers it of the greatest importance to hold the hill at the burnt

