
house, and for this purpose he desires you to leave one of your guns in position to protect it. He considers the risk of losing the gun as more than counterbalanced by the additional security afforded.

I am, general, respectfully,

W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION, December 10, 1864.

Major Trueheart will leave one gun in position at the burnt house, pursuant to the within order.

By order of Major-General Walthall:

A. F. SMITH,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Six Miles from Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 10, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General FORREST, Commanding Cavalry, Army of Tennessee:

General Hood directs me to say that there are still reports coming in of the talk among the enemy of their cavalry (which is now concentrated at Edgefield) fitting up for a raid, although their newspapers say Thomas is much crippled for the want of cavalry. Should they cross up the river, General Hood thinks it would be best for you to meet them and drive them back with your main force of cavalry, leaving some with the infantry on Stewart's Creek to observe the enemy at Murfreesborough, sending your trains to La Vergne.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Overton's House, December 10, 1864-11.40.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding Cavalry:

General: General Hood directs that you will send Biffle's command to the right flank of the army. Give him one piece of artillery, or a section if you think you can spare it. Order Biffle to ride forward here and report in person to General Hood for instructions.

Yours, respectfully,A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Six Miles from Nashville, on Franklin Pike, December 10, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY, Mobile, Ala.:

Copy of General Beauregards letter to you of 22nd of November received.* Please send forward all men belonging to this army. The States of Alabama and Mississippi ought to furnish the local garrisons from Corinth.to Huntsville, inclusive. Please urge this upon the governors of those States.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

---------------

*See Brent to Maury, Part I, p. 1238.

---------------

43 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

