
McCulloch was near Leakesville, probably, last night. Have ordered trains to be ready to move your force at Bucatunna lower down should you find it necessary. Communicate with McCulloch. Endeavor to unite with him at proper time to attack enemy. Left me hear from you often as to your present force, re-enforcements coming down to you, and reported position of enemy. You are in command of all forces operating against enemy. Notify McCulloch of this, as I shall endeavor to do. Do not permit your command to be prevented from coming to Mobile wheel necessary.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 10, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General THOMAS:

McCulloch at Leakesville this morning; believe enemy will cross Pascagoula, at Farley's Ferry. Unless better information control you, move your main force to Citronelle. Leave guard at Bucatunna. Communicate McCulloch by telegraph to Citronelle; couriers are there. Keep General Gardner informed of yours and enemy's movements. Keep enemy constantly harassed by your cavalry. Keep as close to him as you can. Attack him with all your force together. Do you need wagons or supplies? Answer.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 10, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Meridian, Miss.:

The dispatch which you supposed was intended for Thomas, was a copy for your information. Enemy captured four of McCulloch's men last night at Robert's Ferry, on Chickasawha, short distance above Farley's Ferry. McCulloch is near the enemy, who seems marching upon Mobile. Please continue to organize and send down troops. General Taylor will probably be here to-morrow. Is the militia turning out well?

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, December 10, 1864.

Major J. D. SAYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

Following dispatch received:

JACKSON, TENN., December 5, 1864.

I require at once a commissary and quartermaster and supporting force. I think I can raise a considerable force here.

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

Submit it to chief quartermaster and chief commissary for action relative to quartermaster and commissary, and to General Gardner relative to supporting force.

W. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

