
and through Crank's Gap, or through Stony Gap or Pound Gap. Be vigilant. I will watch the lower gap, and you look out for Stony and Pound Gaps. Consult General McLean and General [L.] Thomas, and have him get troops ordered into Kentucky, and hold the State until I can return.

BURBRIDGE,

Major-General.

BEAN'S STATION, December 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General McLEAN:

I am informed that a large force of rebels is concentrating at Jonesborough and Bristol for the invasion of Kentucky. I do not credit it, but if an invasion occurs they will probably go by way of Estillville, Jonesborough, and through Crank's Gap or Pound Gap. Be vigilant. I will watch the lower gap, and [you] look out for Stony and Pound gaps. Consult with General L. Thomas, and if danger comes get him to confer with the authorities [at] Washington, and have troops ordered into the State, and hold it until I can return.

BURBRIDGE,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., December 5, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD, Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Send a good officer with fifty men of your regiment to Crab Orchard, to reach there to-morrow night, with instructions to patrol the telegraph line with squads to Cumberland Gap. He must be vigilant, and use his judgment as to the places to put men.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 5, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON:

The forty-eighth, Fifty-second, and Fourteenth kentucky regiments and one battery Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery are at Bowling Green. If they will do their duty they can hold the place against an ordinary force.

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., December 5, 1864.

S. GILL,

Superintendent Louisville and Lexington Railroad:

SIR: General McLean directs me to inform you that he will order a detachment of troops now at Versailles to march to frankfort to-morrow, to go to Bagdad and Eminence, for the protection of the railroad and telegraph offices. The detachment will number about forty men, and is ordered to be at Frankfort by 12 m. It would be well for you to have transportation ready for them. The force will be equally divided between the two stations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. T. STAGG,]

Aide-de-Camp.

