
CORINTH, MISS., December 12, 1864.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE,

Inspector-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: On the night of the 10th I received the following telegram, dated December 5:

Send forward at once all men belonging to this army in proper detachments, with officers, to preserve discipline and prevent straggling on the march.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

I designed sending a detachment of about 300 officers and men this morning, and orders were given for them to be in readiness to leave by the train, but were late in reporting, and some other delay occasioned the departure to be postponed. There is no transportation that can be had to transport rations for the men from Barton Station to the army. It is necessary to issue three day's rations here to the men, and have at leads five day's hauled. For the detachment of 300 men and 17 officers, which will leave in the morning in command of Major Raxdale, I have found it necessary to impress two wagons and eight mules from a Captain Calhoun, under orders of Major Dillard, to process to the Army of Tennessee to collect hides. He applied to me to be allowed to go to Barton, and there wait until a train should leave for the army witch an escort. He represented that his wagons would go up well nigh empty, only having personal baggage and perhaps a little salt, some two or three sacks. I proposed that he should go with hist three wagons, and at the same time transport the necessary rations for the detachment. This be objected to for various reasons, none of which could be considered good in view of the necessity of having the transportation for the detachment. He desired to remain a few days to look after some business matters, and will proceed to the army with the remaining wagon left him. Please arrange it so that some quartermaster shall take charge of the two wagons and mules and hold them subject to Captain Calhoun's orders. Captain Calhoun acknowledged to me that my taking this transportation from him did not interfere with the execution of his orders. I shall also send a detachment of 150 men, witch complement of 7 officers, to-morrow morning to report to the ordnance officer at Barton, for the purpose of quarding the ordnance train to start from Barton on the 14th. This detachment goes under the command of Captain R. W. Atkinson. The men of both detachments go armed, but with no accouterments. There are none of the latter on hand, and none expected here from below. Ten rounds of cartridges will be issued. I showed General Hood's order about sending all the men of the Army of Tennessee to the front to Colonel Brent, and called his attention to the following order:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST, November 18, 1864.

I am directed by General Beauregard* * * . You will retain of the troops returning to the Army of Tennessee for the defense of the post, 1,000 infantry, including a complement of field and company officers.* * *

A. R. CHISOLM,Aide-de-Camp.

The following is a reply to Colonel Reid's dispatch:

MONTGOMERY, December 11, 1864.

Colonel J. C. REID:

Retain enough men to garrison Corinth. Send rest as ordered by General Hood.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

