
Corinth will not have a sufficient garrison. It is now an important post, and I have ordered Colonel Reid to retain men enough to garrison it until you can provide for its defense.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, December 12, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Montgomery:

Ample arrangements have been made against the enemy's raiding party. Mabry's brigade ordered to Mobile. Garrison at Corinth will be attended to.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Mobile, Ala., December 12, 1864.

His Excellency THOMAS H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: I desire to call your attention to the condition of the military defenses of the State of Alabama, and to urge the necessity of such action on the part of its Legislature as will strengthen the Confederate authorities in their efforts to secure the State from invasion. The events of the war have removed the enemy from your eastern frontier, the Army of Tennessee protects your northern boundary, and on your western confines the State troops and militia of Mississippi afford protection against any invading or raiding parties. From the Gulf and the southwestern portion of the State alone are any apprehensions of attack, to be entertained. The occupation of the lower bay by the enemy's fleet renders the city of Mobile liable to an attack at any moment. While the fortifications and other defenses of the city are in good condition, they can only be held by the requisite number oaf troops. The force of this department now in Mobile, or who in any emergency can be thrown into it, are inadequate to its successful defense if a serious and determined attack should be made. The only source from which the garrison can be increased is the militia of your State, and in view of the importance of the matter I sincerely hope that such legislation will be had as will enable you to send an adequate number to serve during the winter and spring, until the probability of an attack on Mobile ceases to exist. While Alabama is free danger of invasion in every other quarter, this vulnerable point should surely not be neglected. The serious results which would follow the fall of Mobile, the penetration by the enemy into the very heart of the State, and the devastation and ruin which would be inflicted upon the people, cannot be portrayed in too strong language, and I therefore beg to urge upon you the necessity of such action by your State Legislature as will strengthen the military authorities and avert the danger of a disaster.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

