
MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 14, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

General Clanton reports enemy advancing in heavy force this side Pine Barren. Maintain sufficient garrison at Corinth. If you can do this without Roddey let him execute the orders of General Hood.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 14, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Montgomery, Ala.:

COLONEL: I arrived here this morning and had an interview with his excellency, Governor Charles Clark. He informs me that only 1,000 of the militia of Mississippi have responded to his call, and does not speak hopefully of any material increase of that number. I also found Major-General Gardner at this place, who will leave to-morrow for the northern portion of his district. Major-General Maury has been directed to send forward to Corinth immediately all the men now in the District of the Gulf who belong to General Hood's army, and these troops will be hastened to the appropriate commands. Such dismounted men as can be made available for that purpose, including those of Gholson's brigade, will be sent to Corinth for post duty. The mounted pickets and scouts between Corinth and Memphis will be given timely notice of any movement from the direction of the Mississippi River,and Roddey's command will render the same service to the east, while a small mounted force will suffice for observation in the front along the Tennessee River. The scarcity of forage in the vicinity of Corinth, and the distance which it has to be transported, render it important to keep only such cavalry as are absolutely necessary in that locality. Much confusion and conflict arise relative to the post at Corinth, as to the command to which it properly belongs. Orders are issued by General Hood relative to its conduct, and, whilst it is within the limits of my department, military control is exercised over it by General Hood. If any instructions have been given from division headquarters on this subject, I respectfully ask that a copy may be communicated to me so that I may be guided thereby. A portion of Roddey's command has been ordered to Corinth and its vicinity by General Hood, and while operating at and near that place it holds itself independent of the post and district commander, and takes no order nor instructions from those officers. In obedience to the instructions of General Beauregard, I directed General Roddey, with his command, to report to General Hood,f commanding Army of Tennessee, but unless orders to that effect have issued from General Beauregard's headquarters, I do not conceive that Roddey's command can operate within my department independent of me and my local subordinates. Be pleased to advise me of any orders issued by you on this subject also. The confusion existing in the hospital at Columbus, and perhaps at other points in this department, cannot, under existing arrangements, be well rectified by me. The hospital of General Hood, under the control of his own medical director, have been removed to localities within my department, but they are not placed within my control or that of my medical director. Several camps of

