
dismounted men belonging to the Army of Tennessee have been established in this department by General Hood, without any consultation with or notification to me. Complaints are made by the governors of the States of Alabama and Mississippi, and citizens,of lawless conduct and frequent depredations upon private property committed by these bands of men. Unless specific instructions from division headquarters require me to allow these camps to remain, I shall take steps to remove them, and order all such men to rejoin the Army of Tennessee.

Citizens residing in the northern counties of Mississippi and Alabama represent that officers, acting under the orders of General Hood, are seizing their good mules, substituting in their places worthless and broken-down animals. The right thus to impress or seize property within my department by an officer commanding another army or department will not be recognized by me, unless I am ordered to do so. Major Ewig, chief of field transportation for a district comprised within my department, is impressing mules and transportation generally for the use of General Hood's army this without my authority or consent. I shall interpose to prevent such action, unless heirs is acting under orders from division headquarters. Be pleased to inform me whether the action of the officers herein referred to is based upon instructions from your headquarters; and, if so, I respectfully ask to be furnished with copies of the same. Be pleased to inform me what orders have been issued from division headquarter relative to Gholson's brigade; I understood that it had been ordered to report to Major-General Gardner. I would be glad if you would inform me of the locality of General Gholson himself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

ABINGDON, December 14, 1864.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON:

I am informed by numbers of straggling cavalry that Bristol was captured by the enemy at 4 a. m. I can but credit their reports.

J. G. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

ABINGDON, December 14, 1864.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Duke sends dispatch by courier that the enemy, at 4 a. m., were moving in heavy column, in the direction of this place, on Reedy Creek road.

J. G. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Nashville, on the Franklin Pike, December 14, 1864.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, Provisional Army, C. S.:

In sending you the inclosed,* I am directed by General Hood to say that the prompt organization of these forces of great importance to us,
---------------

* Not found.

---------------

44 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

