
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 5, 1864.

Major E. H. LUDINGTON,

Assistant Inspector-General, Capital Hotel, Frankfort, Ky.:

MAJOR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 29th of November,* and to direct that you await the return of General Burbridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 5, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Affairs in East Tennessee look unfavorable. General Burbridge, in cipher to General Stoneman, says: "Citizens reported on the 3rd that Bushrod Johnson had arrived at Greensville with two divisions of infantry, and considerable force of cavalry still foraging at Chunky Bend." Duke is at Bull's Gap to-day; Burbridge at Bean's Depot. Telegraph works by way of Knoxville and Chattanooga to Murfreesborough.

S. BRUCH,

Captain, &amp;c.

ACTING ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, Mich., December 5, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I am informed that a plot is being matured in Canada for the burning of our lake cities. This information is derived partly from persons who are looked upon as being thoroughly in the confidence of the rebel agents in Canada, and is confirmed by information through other scourges. my attention has of late frequently been called to the largely increased number of rebels in Canada, and I sought and obtained an interview with an East Tennessean who resides in Canada and who was said to be a loyal man. He explained the reason why he came to Canada, and I became assured that it was from no want of loyalty to the Government that he was there. He also stated that Colonel Butlers' regiment of Kentucky rebel troops had been disbanded in Kentucky, with directions to make their way through the lines and report in Canada, and that they had done so in large numbers, and that Colonel Butler himself has arrived in Canada. The information I receive is, that as soon as the ice forms in Detroit River a large force is to cross on the ice and openly attack this place. I have but a small military force here, not more than enough to guard prisoners, and I have though it proper to call the attention of the Governor of the State and the mayor of the city to the subject, and recommend that a regiment of militia be organized and armed for local protection. I beg also to recommend that the attention of the honorable Secretary of State be called to this subject, with a view

---------------

* See Part I, p. 1165.

---------------

