
the Army of Tennessee has applied to them to have 1,000,000 of rations placed at Corinth, to be held at that point subject alone to the order, and intended solely for the use, of the Army of Tennessee. I would respectfully present for the consideration of the general commanding the Military Division of the West the following suggestions: With such an accumulation of rations, a constituent portion of which would be meal, at least four-fifth of to would spoil before it was ready fuse. If General Hood should be able to maintain his occupation of Tennessee, I understand that his chief commissary states that the he can abundantly support his army in the country which he occupies. If he is forced to retire from that country, his retrograde movement would surely not be practicable via Corinth, or by any route whence it would be practicable to draw his supplies from Corinth, as the enemy, having control of the Tennessee River, would effectually prevent his keeping up communication with that place, and in all probability render Mussel Shoals the most available point for crossing the river. If I am correct in the views which I have advanced, I think the proposed accumulation of these supplies at Corinth by no means advisable, and respectfully submit the matter to the general commanding for his consideration and action.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, Meridian, December 15, 1864.

Major J. D. SAYERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have just been informed that all troops sent by me to Bucatunna were not sent to Mobile, as first reported, but that militia and a few other troops were retained at Bucatunna. I respectfully request that order may be given for the return of these troops, as well as those that have gone to Mobile from this district, if such be the determination of the lieutenant-general commanding.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

HDQRS. General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of Central Alabama, Talladega, Ala.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to state to you as follows:

Colonel J. C. Reid has been relieved from command of the post at Corinth, Miss., and ordered to report to you. There are several companies belonging to Colonel Reid's command in Walker and adjoining counties, and quite a considerable number of his men scattered about your district. You will direct Colonel Reid to collect his command, and as soon as this is done, relieve the men of Clanton's, Armistead's, and other commands on duty in the field who are at posts, and on other light duty, in your district, replacing them with Reid's and other new

