
men, and if necessary, with militia and State troops, whom Governor Watts will, he assures me, at once furnish on your application to him. The men of Clanton's, Armistead's. and others who are on duty at Opelika, Tuscalosa, Talledega, Selma, Cahaba, Coosa bridge, and other posts and garrisons, should be sent forward to their respective commands as rapidly as possible; and as it is important that this should be done speedily, the lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will adopt prompt and energetic measures to cause Reid's and the other troops referred to to be collected and stationed as indicated above.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

GLADE SPRINGS, December 15, 1864.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON:

Enemy at Abingdon and moving in this direction. Am moving to Saltville with the forces I have. Push forward all the troops carefully, and let them stop at Seven Mile Ford and march over to Saltville. See that they have arms and ammunition as they pass. Direct Witcher to move with all possible haste to Saltville. Send horses to Seven-Mile Ford to be sent across to Saltville.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

SALTVILLE, VA., December 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wytheville:

The enemy were at Glade Springs this morning, and have moved up the railroad toward Marion. Keep a bright lookout for them. Let everything coming this way move cautiously.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 16, 1864.

(Received Richmond 18th.)

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Enemy, about 800 strong occupied Pollard at 7 this a. m. Brigadier General Tyler, with 800 strong, left this afternoon for that point. Two brigades are moving against this force from Tensas and Blakely. Brigadier-General Clanton held the enemy with a small force in check for many hours.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General G. T. Beauregard, care of General Cobb, Macon.)

