
MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 16, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Savannah:

(Care General Cobb, Macon, Ga.)

General Hood, six miles from Nashville, on the 9th, telegraph that it is very important that Lewis' and Williams brigades should be sent to the Army of Tennessee as soon as the interest of the public service will allow. Enemy's cavalry, supposed to be 700 strong, appeared opposite Pollard at 9 a. m. yesterday. Communication with Pollard stopped. Clanton's brigade moving up from Tensas, and another brigade cavalry operating from Blakely. Will be able to send 600 men from this place this a. m.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS, Near Lea's House, December 16, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART:

GENERAL: Should any disaster happen to us to-day, General Hood directs that you will retire by the Franklin pike, and Lee is directed to hold it in front of this large ridge, that you may pass to his rear. After passing Brentwood you would again form your corps you. There are some narrow gorges beyond Brentwood toward Franklin. At all times the road must be left open for artillery and wagons, the men marching through the fields and woods.

A. P. MASON,Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Cheatham would move by the Granny White pike.

A. P. M.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION, December 16, 1864.

Pursuant to orders from General Hood, General Reynolds will withdraw his brigade for the purpose of cutting off a small Federal force on our left and rear. He will move his command up the trenches toward the left to the rear of the hill occupied by General Bate, where special instructions will be given him. Colonel Shotwell and General Shelley will fill the gap occasioned by his withdrawal. Brigade commanders will see that all men are notified of the object of this movement before it commences, and will take all steps necessary to prevent confusion.

E. C. WALTHALL,Major-General.

IN THE FIELD, [December 16, 1864]-2 p.m.

General WALTHALL:

Should Bate fall back, keep your left connected with him, falling back from your left toward right and forming a new flank line extending to hills in rear.

Respectfully,

A. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.

