HEADQUARTERS, Spring Hill, Tenn., December 17, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

In front of Nashville on the morning of the 15th the enemy attacked both of our flanks about the same time. On our right they were repulsed with heavy loss, but towards evening they succeeded in driving in our infantry outposts upon our left flank. Dispositions were made during the night to meet any renewed attack. Early on the 16th they made a general attack on our entire line, and all their assaults, were handsomely repulsed, with heavy loss, till 3.30 p. m. when a portion of our line to the left of the center suddenly gave way, causing, in a few minutes, our line to give way at all points, our troops retreating rapidly down the Franklin pike. We lost in the two days' engagements fifty pieces of artillery, with several ordnance wagons. Our loss in killed and wounded is very small. Major Gene. Ed. Johnson, Brigadier Generals T. B. Smith and H. R. Jackson, are among the prisoners. Our loss in prisoners is not yet fully ascertained, but I think it comparatively small. I still have artillery enough with the army, and am moving to the south of Duck River.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

(Same to General Beauregard.)

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

General Clanton reports that the enemy, after burning the Government and railroad buildings and a portion of the town, retired from Pollard, going the same direction they came.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General G. T. Beauregard, care General Cobb, Macon, and Lieutenant General R. Taylor, Meridian.)

SPRING HILL, December 17, 1864-10 v. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Don't burn the railroad; there is a train here still to go down.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS, Near Springfield [Spring Hill], Tenn., December 17, 1864.

The troops of this corps will resume the march to-morrow morning at daylight, the division of General Walthall in front, that of General Loring following. All the wagons and ambulances of the corps will be sent forward at once to Columbia. The ambulances, brigade ordnance

