
of presenting it to the Canadian authorities. Unless a military force is maintained by the canadian authorities on the frontier to keep in check the rebels congregated there, there will be frequent raids from Canada at exposed points, which will lead to retaliation by our citizens whose property may be destroyed, and lead to trouble between the two Governments, which it is desirable should be avoided.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 6, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Attack Hood at once, and wait no longer for a remount of your cavalry. There is great danger of delay resulting in a campaign back to the Ohio River.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 6, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram of 6.30 [8] p. m. December 5 is just received. As soon as Im can get a respectable force of cavalry I will march against Hood. General Wislon has parties out now pressing horses, and I hope to have some 6,000 or 8,000 cavalry mounted in three days from this time. General Wilson has just left me, having received instructions to hurry the cavalry remount as rapidly as possible. I do not think it prudent to attack Hood with less than 6,000 cavalry to cover my flanks, because he has, under Forrest, at least 12,000. I have no doubt Forrest will attempt to cross the river, but I am in hopes the gun-boats will be able to prevent him. The enemy has made no new developments to-day. Breckinridge is reported at Lebanon, Tenn., with 6,000 men, but I cannot believe it possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 6, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 12.25 a. m. 7th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram of 4 p. m. this day is just received. I will make the necessary disposition and attack Hood at once, agreeably to your order, though I believe it will be hazardous with the small force of cavalry now at my service.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

