
MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 17, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

About 500 enlisted foreigners, under Colonel O'Neal, of Hood's command, leave per first boat unarmed. If needed, they might be used between Corinth and Huntsville. Clanton reports he just started in pursuit of enemy toward Pensacola.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Montgomery, Ala., December 17, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of your communication of the 14th instant, in regard to the movements and distribution of troops, and the confusion and conflict existing at Corinth, growing out of orders in your department issued by General Hood. In the absence of General Beauregard, I hasten to advise you of all orders emanating from these headquarters touching the several inquiries contained in your letter.

First. There is no order detaching General Roddey from your command at these headquarters. On October 23, 1864, these headquarters were advised by you, among other things, that General Roddey was directed to co-operate in every possible manner with General Hood to divert enemy's attention, threaten his communication, or attack Huntsville, as may be best, and to obey promptly any orders from General Hood. In your communication of the 27th of October is the following:

At the railroad crossing of Bear Creek, General Roddey had better make the necessary defenses, and he being accessible to General Hood, proper orders may be given him directly by General Hood.

What interpretation and effect were given to these instructions by Generals Beauregard or Hood I am unable to say, except that on the 8th day of November, in a communication of the former to the latter, the following passage occurs:

Brigadier-General Roddey's command is now the only one available, scouting in the direction of Memphis, which he was told by me to do when I last saw him. It might be well for you to repeat the order, as he is now subject to your orders.

This is all the information of record at these headquarters.

Second. On the subject of hospital arrangements and accommodations, I can find no order. An officer has been ordered to inspect the difficulties which may exist growing out of this anomalous condition of affairs, and all necessary orders and instructions given to rectify them.

Third. No instructions have issued from these headquarters authorizing the establishment of camps of dismounted cavalry men in the limits of your department without notification or consultation with you. The lawless conduct of these men, and depredations committed upon the persons and rights of the citizens, are clearly within your reach and power, and steps should be at once taken o have them arrested, collected, and forwarded to their appropriate commands in the Army of Tennessee.

