
moring, returning as they came, having burned the ordnance and medical purveyor's depots; also Wytheville and Max Meadows depots and intermediate bridges. They report that it was the combined force of Stoneman, Burbridge, and Gillem. Enemy reported that Saltville had been taken at 12 o'clock yesterday, but not credited. Nothing heard from General Breckinridge; Vaughn reported near Wytheville.

J. F. KENT.

The enemy were withing two miles and a halft of Wytheville when our scouts left.

D. S. HOUNSHELL.

CENTRAL [DEPOT], December 17, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON:

Just arrived with me forces from Lynchburg. Have assumed command. Keep me informed of the movements of the enemy.

M. S. LANGHORNE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Montgomery, December 18, 1864.

[General G. T. BEAURGERD:]

GENERAL: I was informed about 1 o'clock that you had ordered Major Willis hence, and I avail myself of the occasion to forward you an copy of a journal kept of our proceedings from the 9th instant to this date. I have advised daily by telegraph of al movements and events of a general nature which have taken place.

* * * * *

You will perceive by the journal that two days since I was considerably embarrassed when the raid on Pollard was threatened. We succeeded in organizing enough troops to resist and defeat the enemy, but we could not obtain guns nor ammunition. Columbus, Ga., and Selma were both called on, and the replies of Colonels Wright and Moore were that they had no guns and ammunition. This is an important matter and deserve attention. Arms and ammunition are becoming a desideratum. The arsenal at Columbus is closed; the one here is idle. Should our communications continue to be interrupted, serious difficulties might occur for want of arms and ammunition here. In my judgment a small depot for arms, &amp;c., should be established at this place.

* * * * *

There is another difficulty existing which requires attention; it is the total want of quartermaster's funds. Owing to this, all the branches of the service are at a standstill, transportation is embarrassed, supplies slowly and with difficulty obtained, and impressments also totally impossible. Certificates of indebtedness will not be received by the people, and the indebtedness of the different departments has become so great as to become a source not only of embarrassment to public officers in the discharge of their duties, but also one of suffering and discontent to the citizens.

* * * * *

