
Major Mobley is now absent in Northern Mississippi to see about means of supply. When the present stock on hand and that to be obtained from the tax in kind has been exhausted, it is difficult to ascertain from what source supplies will be obtained. Whilst the army is in Tennessee every effort should be made to add to our stock. But one difficult stares us right in the face-the want of money.

* * * * *

All proper orders have been issued for the speedy completion of the railroads destroyed by the enemy, and confusion was likely to grow out of the fact that Colonel Meriwhether and Major Hottle were acting in regard to the same subject under different orders. Colonel Meriwether a few days ago asked that the rials on the Columbus and Girard railroad might be taken, in order to complete the West Point and Atlanta railroad and save the Gainesville Branch for the removal, of which he had authority from the Secretary of War. I did not feel warranted in issuing this order. Major Willis informs me that this whole subject has been placed in his charge by you, and I have no doubt his energy will insure the prompt completion of the roads.

* * * * *

I am, very truly, your friend,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Charleston, S. C., December 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the War Department for its information and attention.

G. T. BEAURGERD,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 4, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General, who will please make his response to so much of this communication as pertains to his department, and afterward refer the paper to the Chief of Ordnance for the like object.

By command of the Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 7, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

I cannot too earnestly join in the opinion that our army is paralyzed by want of funds in the Quartermaster's Department, on which it entirely depends for every prompt movement.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

45 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

