
[Fourth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 12, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

JANUARY 15, 1865.

Mr. S[HEPHERD]:

Send to the honorable Secretary of the Treasury the remark relative to the want of funds and General Lawton's indorsement, and invite his attention.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Sixth indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

On the 17th of December, one of the "two days" referred to within, there were 320 rifles in store at Columbus, Ga., and 831 muskets, caliber .69, at Mobile, with over 1,600,000 rounds of small-arms ammunition at the latter place.

J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

In the Field, December 18, 1864.

All horses and mules taken from artillery and wagons lost in the recent engagements or on the retreat will be at once turned over to Major Landis, inspector of field transportation.

By command of General Hood:

JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Columbia, on the Pulaski Pike, December 18, 1864-1.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding:

GENERAL: General Hood desires you will let your wagons move out on the Pulaski pike, camping within a mile or two miles of the town.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

Numbers 67. In the Field, December 18, 1864.

Before taking temporary leave of this corps, I desire to express to the officers and men of my command my high appreciation of the good conduct and gallantry displayed by them at Nashville in the engagement of the 16th instant, and to assure them that they can be held in no manner responsible for the disaster of that day. I extend to them all my thanks for the manner in which they preserved their organization in the midst of temporary panic, rallying to their colors and presenting a determined front to the enemy, thus protecting the retreat of the army. I would also respectfully thank the officers and men of Holtzclaw's and Gibson's brigades, of Clayton's division, and of Pettus'

