
brigade, of Stevenson's division, for the gallantry and courage with which they met and repulsed repeated charges of the enemy upon their line, killing and wounding large numbers of the assailants and causing them to retreat in confusion. I desire also to tender my heartfelt thanks to Major-General Stevenson and the officers and men of Tettus' and Cummings' brigades, of his division, for their skillful, brave, and determined conduct while protecting the retreat of the army from Franklin yesterday; constantly attacked in front and on either flank, these brave troops maintained an unshaken line, repulsed incessant attacks, and inflicted heavy loss upon the enemy.

In conclusion, my brave comrades, I beg to assure you that I am not only satisfied with your conduct in the recent campaign, but that I shall repose unalterable confidence in you in the future-a future which, despite the clouds which seem to lower around us, will yet be rendered bright by the patriotic deeds of our gallant army, in which none will gain prouder laurels or do more gallant deeds than the veterans whom I have the honor to command.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. STRAHL'S BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

In the Field, December 18, 1864.

Major A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

SIR: It is a duty I owe myself, brigade, division, to the commanding general, and to the country to state facts in regard to the panic of the army on the afternoon of the 16th. The lines were broken about 3 p. m. on a high hill west of the Granny [White] pike about half a mile, which hill was occupied by Tyler's brigade, Bate's division, and given up to the enemy without a struggle. My command was on Tyler's left, and the right of Cheatham's division. This hill, occupied by the enemy, overlooked the right of the army, and the troops seeing it in the hands of the enemy, and seeing the left wing of the army running without making a stand, fled also. It was not by fighting, nor the force of arms, nor even numbers, which drove us from the field. As far as I can now learn, I did not lose more than thirty men and about thirty-five small-arms, already replaced. For the first time in this war we lost our cannon. Give us the first chance and we will retake them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW J. KELLAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, December 18, 1864.

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile during the week ending December 17, 1864:

FIRST DIVISION.

I have the honor to state that the past week has been occupied in placing the redans along the line in fighting condition. All but the one between I and K are in condition for a fight, but are not complete.

