
The melons are all in but one. No revetment has yet been put to the melons. At redan between I and K a large force is employed in strengthening the parapets and connecting the curtains.

Buchanan has been repaired.

SECOND DIVISION.

Gladden: Finishing bomb-proof and repairing traverses; making new wharf northeast of battery.

McIntosh: Making parapet on east side and raising gun; making gallery in rear of bomb-proof, and transporting sand for bomb-proof.

Round battery: Sodding and finishing battery.

THIRD DIVISION.

Blakely: Battery in rear of brickyard completed. Battery near saw-mill completed except platforms and embrasures. Clearing extended to road leading to Spanish Fort. Loading barges, getting wood, &amp;c.

Spanish Fort: In Numbers 2 six embrasures have been made. A short line of abatis made in front of batteries. Constructing traverses in Numbers 1. Repairing damages by rains and improving drainage. Driving piles in channel.

Huger: Excavation for new magazine completed. Parapet around gun on magazine nearly completed.

Tracy: Repairing interior slope with sod.

FOURTH DIVISION.

Torpedoes: Seven Singer's torpedoes in a line across Bay Minette, 2,500 yards south of Spanish Fort and beginning at the lower point of island separating Blakely River from Bay Minette. Seven Rains' torpedoes in a line 50 feet north of those above described; all anchored in from 9 to 10 1/2 feet water, half flood tide. Preparing material.

Respectfully submitted.

W. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Engineers, District of the Gulf.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. CLANTON, or

Brigadier General R. C. TYLER,

Pollard:

Retain men enough to protect Pollard against a raid, and forward all troops, infantry and dismounted men, to Mobile to General Maury. He apprehends an attack.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 18, 1864.

Major JOHNSTON:

Colonel kent requested me to bring you this dispatch, and to tell you that Brigadier-General Vaughn had retreated toward Hillsville. My horse gave out. I will come down in the morning.

Very respectfully,

W. T. BALDWIN.

