HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DEPOT,December 	18, 1864.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON,

Dublin:

MAJOR: Yours of to-day was handed me by Captain Stanton. If Gillespie's men can be found they will be sent out on the lead-mines road (east side) to scout as far as the mines. If no enemy is found they will join their command. As General Breckinridge came out to attack the enemy he will either defeat them or be defeated himself before we could render him any aid, and if defeated will either make his way back to Saltville or come to our relief. I therefore think it unsafe to leave New River bridge uncovered. Moreover, these men under my command are mostly convalescent men, and would not babble to make a march. Captain Stanton is anxious to take the troops under Lieutenant Peyton up to Wytheville. With the forces you have west of this place I consider it hazardous; but, as he thinks you have information and instruction from General Breckinridge that will justify such a move, I consent to it. But, major, every caution should be taken to prevent their being cut off. My opinion is that it would be much safer to blockade the roads, as directed by General B[reckinridge], with the Thurdmond command and the forces you have with you.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

M. S. LANGHORNE,

Colonel, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 19, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Hood, on the 12th, says when Sherman completes his raid he deems it important that all available cavalry should be sent to him. Wants Baker's brigade at Mobile, and all troops that can be spared.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, December 19, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Clanton telegraphs the following from Pollard, 18th instant:

We pursued the enemy thirty miles, capturing a portion of his transportation, baggage, and supplies. The road for miles is strewn with his dead, principally negro troops. General Liddell, our commander, acted with great spirit and energy, as did his entire command. Our men and horses were completely exhausted, which rendered farther pursuit impossible.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.)

