
DUBLIN, December 19, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

I am here. In absence of your orders, General Lee has directed me to hold troops at New River, that you may fall back to that line if necessary. They are ready to go forward whenever your order. I await your instructions.

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LYNCHBURG, December 19, 1864.

Major JOHNSTON:

Is it certain that the enemy are finally retreating? What news from the salt-works? Will any more re-enforcements be needed?

R. E. COLSTON,

Brigadier-General.

CENTRAL [DEPOT], December 19, 1864.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dublin:

MAJOR: Your several favors of yesterday and to-day have been received. I am satisfied that it is not your wish or intention to assume improperly to rank me by the virtue of your position as assistant adjutant-genera of General Breckinridge's department. On my arrival at this place, on the 17th, I telegraphed you that I had assumed command of the forces at this place, of course including those at the bridge. Until communication is opened with General B[reckinridge], it will afford me much pleasure, major, to co-operate with you and the forces with you for the defense of this place and any other point that may be necessary and proper. Please keep me advise of the movements of the enemy and anything that may be proper or useful for me to know.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. S. LANGHORNE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CENTRAL [DEPOT], December 19, 1864.

Major JOHNSTON:

Please have the following dispatch forwarded to General Breckinridge. If you think it safe to state the number of troops here, you can let him know that I have about 400 convalescent and detailed men and a battery of four pieces:

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Shall I leave New River bridge with the forces I have to join you?

M. S. LANGHORNE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WYTHEVILLE, December 19, 1864-8 o'clock.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a dispatch from Major Johnston, and you will understand by it that the troops at New River bridge cannot move without your order. If you wish them here send rapid

