
Savannah, Tenn.; batteries thrown up at Chickasaw Bluffs, on the Tennessee River; ferry established at Cheatham's and Garner's Ferries, on the Tennessee River, and the supply-train for General Hood's army forwarded. The Memphis and Charleston Railroad from Corinth, Miss., to Barton Station, Ala., repaired.

Twenty pontoon boats were turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Presstman, chief engineer Army of Tennessee, to complete his train. In accordance with instructions from General Beauregard, I directed 100 pontoon boats to be made as a reserve train for the Army of Tennessee-one-half to be constructed at Demopolis, Ala., and the remainder at Mobile. At Mobile the facilities for getting seasoned timber being greater than at Demopolis, the work of constructing the boats was commenced about the 15th of November, and about two boats made per day as soon as the work was well under way. Twenty boats were completed at this point. At Demopolis the lumber had to e gotten out and kiln-dried, and the operation of putting the boats together did not commence until about the 1st of December. The frame-work for fifty boats were gotten out, and the boats will soon be completed. Arrangements were made with he quartermaster's department at Meridian, Miss., to saw and send to Corinth, Miss., the necessary number of balks, chess, and other bridge timber; but from some cause unknown to me the timber though gotten out in good season, or at least part of it, was not shipped to Corinth before the Mobile and Ohio Railroad was cut by a raid of the enemy, which rendered such shipment impossible. The pontoon boats at Columbus, Miss., ordered by Major-General Gardner to Panola, were stopped at Meridian and sent to Corinth. The fortifications at Corinth were repaired and rendered tenable for a garrison of 1,000 men against a large force, by taking the salient points of the enemy's works, making inclosed works of them, and repairing the detached works already existing. Reconnaissances were made along the Tennessee River from Florence to Savannah, with a view of making a thorough map of the country, determining the best crossings and best positions for obstructing navigation. The battery made at Chickasaw Bluffs, on the river, was for four Parrott guns. The ferries established at Cheatham's and Garner's Ferries were kept in operation by the engineer troops. The repairs on the railroad were made by engineer troops and engineer negro force.

In the District of Central Alabama, Captain P. Robinson in charge, the work on the detached redoubts around the city of Montgomery was continued, repairs made on works at Opelike, and a force employed in finishing works already in progress, and in making arrangements for free communication between the works. At Coosa and Yellow Leaf bridges, on the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad, laborers were engaged on the road between the two points and in finishing redoubt at the latter place.

In the District of the Gulf, Lieutenant Colonel V. Sheliha, chief engineer, repairs were made on works around the line of city entrenchments, rendered necessary by rains. Work was continued on N and other unfinished redoubts, and Battery Gladden repaired and put in fine condition. Repairs were made on Battery McIntosh and additional galleries commenced for bomb-proofs. The round battery was placed between Gladden and McIntosh by order of the major-general commanding, and secured in position and work of refitting it commenced. Sandbags having been taken up were replaced by sods of Camel battery, and a heavy gun has been mounted on the left flank of this battery; its magazine is in good condition. Pile obstructions have been placed in Conway's Creek, and a pass made through the lower obstructions

