
by removing piling has been again closed by crucial obstructions. At Battery Huger the magazines and bomb-proofs have been very much strengthened, and the parapet has been raised one foot on the old glaces; the service magazines have been made stronger, superior and exterior slopes sodded, and the covered way strengthened. The manufacture of torpedoes has been delayed from want of powder. A large quantity of torpedo stores has been shipped to Major Winter at Corinth, Miss. In the workshops at this point machinists have been engaged in putting up machinery, carpenters in framing magazines, making pontoons, &amp;c., and blacksmith in making and repairing tools, carts, and other engineer materials. During the month I also visited and inspected the works at Demopolis, Selma, and Montgomery, Ala.

I have the honor to bee, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I visited the District of the Gulf for the purpose of inspecting the hospitals therein. After visiting the Nott hospital, which I found cleanly, well administered, and well appointed in all respects, I learned that Surgeon Brodie, medical director of the Western Division, had just completed an inspection, which i concluded would obviate the necessity of any official action on my part for the present. I have the honor to furnish you the accompanying list of hospitals in the district, their capacity, names of officers in charge, and number of patients now under treatment. I have the honor also to state that Surgeon Heustis, medical director of hospitals of this department, informed [me] that the capacity of the hospital in Mobile could be largely increased, sufficiently so to meet any emergency that may occur.

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, &c.,

P. B. McKELVEY,

Surgeon and Assistant Inspector of Hospitals,

Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

List of hospitals in the Gulf District.

Hospitals.	 Capaci	 Station.	 Surgeon in charge.

 ty.

 Beds.

Ross.	 250	 Mobile, Ala.	 S. L. Nidelet.

Cantey.	 150	 ..do........	 William Henderson.

Moore.	 123	 ..do........	 W. C. Cavenagh.

Le Vert.	 30	 ..do........	 R. H. Redwood.

Nott.	 51	 ..do........	 G. A. Nott.

Nidelet.	 120	 ..do........	 S. L. Paine.

Heustis.	 90	 ..do........	 J. M. Heard.

Miller.	 170	 Greenville,	 G. Owen.

 	 Ala.

General	 150	 ..do........	 R. B. Maury.

hospital.

Total sick in hospital, 712.

