
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Pulaski, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

General Hood desires to call the attention of corps commanders to the importance of preserving the artillery and transportation of the army on its present march. To do this with hope of success, it is necessary that strong fatigue details, under energetic officers, should be placed with all trains, and in cases of necessity animals will be taken front he wagons to draw the artillery, and the loads of any wagons will be partially or entirely thrown out to preserve the wagons and teams. Every possible exertion will be made to collect forage at this point, that teams may leave here with a supply, which will be used as sparingly as possible. Battery commanders will have grass pulled for their animals wherever it can be found.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Pulaski, Tenn., December [21?], 1864.

Major-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Corps:

Unless otherwise ordered, General Hood directs that you will move forward with your two divisions at early dawn to-morrow morning, marching in rear of the pontoon train, and making as good a day's march as possible without pushing the troops too much. Push forward all the wagons with you.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS INFANTRY FORCES

IN REAR OF ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

December 21, 1864.

Brigade commanders will at once order all the tool wagons of their respective commands to be unloaded, and the wagons sent down the Pulaski pike, three or four miles, to gather up forage. The wagons will turn off to the left of the pike three or four miles from here and search diligently for forage, and return with the least delay.

By command of Major-General Walthall:

D. W. SANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 21, 1864.- For abstract from inspection report of the artillery, Army of Tennessee, see Part I, p. 682.]

COLUMBIA, TENN., December 21, 1864.

Major D. W. SANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Walthall's Division:

MAJOR: Citizens report that the enemy are trying to effect a crossing at Johnston's Knob, about two miles above this place. Johnson's

