
Knob is on the opposite bank of the river and commands a large extent of country on this side. Reports say that the enemy digging down the bank at that point.

Very respectfully,

H. R. FEILD,

Colonel, Commanding Maney's and Strahl's Brigades.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., December 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have ordered back a train of impressed wagons that was transporting arms to the Trans-Mississippi Department, under Lieutenant-Colonel Crow, because the movements of the enemy left the train without proper support and under the risk of being captured. The wagons have been ordered to be returned to their owners, and the arms are at Brandon.

I deem it my duty to report that the transportation of arms in large numbers across the Mississippi River is impracticable. The only way in which arms or other supplies can be crossed with anything like safety is to send a small number at a time. Large trains attract attention, and the enemy is sure to be informed of the movement, while small one move with more rapidity, are less liable to capture, and the supplies carried can be gotten out of the way with much more ease and facility.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 22, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Taylor reports that naval force at Mobile is substantially a part of the local defenses, and that all should be under one head. A conflict exists between land and naval commanders in regard to a torpedo boat-the former ordering it into active service, the latter refusing to obey. What must be done?

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 305. Richmond, December 22, 1864.

* * * * *

III. The following-named assistant adjutant-general are assigned to duty with the undermentioned commands in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, in accordance with paragraph VI, General Orders, Numbers 44, current series. They will report immediately, and will not change their assignments except on orders from this office: Cavalry Division, Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers commanding, Captain W. A. Goodman, Captain R. M. Hooe.

* * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

ED. A. PALFREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

