
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Pulaski, December 22, 1864-7 a. m.

Corps commanders will at once send all their pioneer parties, under charge of an engineer officer, to work the road from Richmond Creek out to the ridge, some five miles, corduroying well all bad places. The senior engineer officer present will direct the whole.

By order of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,December 22, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that you will move your command at once while the ground is frozen, marching some eight or ten miles out on the Lamb's Ferry road. Get all your wagons out to that point, and artillery; gather forage there, and collect your rations at that point. General Hood desires to see you at once.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Pulaski, December 22, 1864-Sunset.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding:

GENERAL: I inclose you two notes.* General Hood says you must judge for yourself when you arrive at this point, six miles and a half, as to which will be the best road for you to move by. Push forward as far as you can to-morrow, and after crossing Sugar Creek send your best teams back to get the ordnance trains over that creek.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

SIX MILES AND A HALF FROM PULASKI,

LAMB'S FERRY ROAD,

December 22, 1864-1 p. m.

General J. B. HOOD, Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: At this point I take the right-hand or Powell road; it intersects the Florence road four miles this side of Lexington and is five miles shorter; has not been traveled, and is the best route, with a good ford over Sugar Creek. I have sent an officer to examine the lower ford, and, if not fordable, will send boats sufficient to bridge it, and to remain till ordered to be taken up by you. Will camp to-night sixteen miles from Pulaski. Have already passed the worst portion of the road, and will make better speed to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. PRESSTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Actg. Chief Engineer, Army of Tenn.

---------------

*Only one found as an inclosure.

---------------

46 R R-VOL XLV, PT II

