
remove the confusion which previously existed in my mind. I wrote you for the purpose of obtaining a clear understanding on the subjects therein referred to, to enable me to act advisedly, and render more substantial co-operation, because it would then be clearer. Regarding the lines of communication with Mobile and the safety of that city as of vital importance, not only to this department, but to the maintenance of General Hood in Tennessee, and as those lines are threatened by the enemy, I have ordered General Gardner to send all his forces from Southern and Central Mississippi and East Louisiana to a point on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, whence they can co-operate with Major-General Maury either in an attack on the enemy or in resisting and driving back any attempt to strike the road. While this leaves the Mississippi Valley unprotected, I am led to the adoption of this course by the following reasons: The concentration of the forces under General Granger near East Pascagoula indicates that the enemy must have reduced all its garrisons on the Mississippi River; and the cavalry, under Davidson, being still near West Pascagoula, the enemy cannot at present send any considerable force into the interior. Even should re-enforcements be sent to Canby to enable him to send raiding parties into East Louisiana and Mississippi, they could only temporarily occupy the country and plunder the people, while the interruption of the line of communication above referred to, for any considerable length of time, would cause the loss of Mobile and probably entail disaster upon the Army of Tennessee. My arrangements have placed every disposable man within my department in position to co-operate in the defense of Mobile and its communications. Mabry's and Gholson's commands and the Mississippi reserves will garrison Corinth, and as the pickets extend to wishing a short distance of Memphis, timely notice would be given of any movement from that place. Hood's army protects Corinth front he front and east, and no other arrangements can be made to provide against the enemy sending a force up the Tennessee River on boats and landing their troops within a day or two's march of that place.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 22, 1864.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Pollard:

All your troops at Selma are needed at Mobile. I have given the order, but please repeat it.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 22, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

GOVERNOR: The enemy have landed at East Pascagoula between 6,000 and 8,000 men (a large proportion being infantry), under command of Major General Gordon Granger, who now threaten Mobile and its commu-

