
CHARLESTON, December 23, 1864.

(Received January 3, 1865.)

General J. B. HOOD:

I regret to inform you that no re-enforcements can possibly be sent you from any quarter. General Taylor has no troops to spare, and every available man in Georgia and South Carolina is required to oppose Sherman, who is not on a raid, but an important campaign. Should you be unable to gain any material advantage in Tennessee with your present means you must retire at once behind the Tennessee River, and come with or send to Augusta, by best and quickest routes, all forces not absolutely required to hold defensive line referred to.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Eighteen Miles from Pulaski, December 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that you will send back in the morning early 200 men, under energetic officers, to bring forward those broken pontoons we passed to-day. Let this force be divided into details for each boat.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS,December 23, 1864.

General Loring will furnish 100 men and General Shelly also 100 men, in compliance with the within order.

By order of Lieutenant-General Stewart:

W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Waldrop's, Three miles North of Lynnville,

December 23, 1864-7.05 a. m.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general directs me to say that as our forces and trains have not all left Pulaski, it is important that we hold the enemy in check as long as possible, and therefore the major-general directs that you move back at once toward Columbia until you meet the enemy, and demonstrate strongly upon him, as if you intended to reoccupy the town. Generals Buford and Jackson have been ordered to advance on this pike. The major-general will not leave here to-day unless forced back.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The major-general will go in person to the front this morning.

J. P. S.

