
MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 23, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

Captain Reid, assistant adjutant-general, at Corinth, says scouts report no indication of raid from Memphis. Large number of transports passed, supposed to take troops up river. Force in Memphis estimated 25,000, new recruits, 2,000 cavalry, besides two regiments mounted negroes. Scouts also reports from near Collierville heavy column enemy's infantry passed Forrest Hill, at 12 o'clock on 21st, on State Line road. Brigade infantry camped White's Station night of 21st, where cars are running. Enemy are preparing to run Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 23, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

GOVERNOR: Dispatches have just been received be me to the effect that the enemy in considerable force is moving out from Memphis on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. The object, doubtless, is to attack Corinth or interrupt the line of communication with Hood's army. If successful in this, it is by no means improbable that they would penetrate and desolate the rich interior prairie country of Mississippi. With these threatening forces near Corinth and Mobile, you can readily perceive that, with the small force at my disposal, my hands are full. In Northwestern Mississippi, Major-General Martin, with his little force, and in Northeastern Mississippi, Colonel W. R. Miles, have the only troops which are at present available to resist any serious advance of the enemy in the northern portion of Mississippi. In our last interview we discussed the matter of an invasion of your State and the immediate danger thereof. I therefore hasten to communicate to you the latest information which I have on the subject, in order that you may decide in your mind upon the propriety and practicability of calling out the militia or organizing State troops to assist in repelling the ivasion. I need not renew to you, Governor, the assurance that in the event of your calling out the militia, or adopting any other measures which will render assistance at this juncture, I shall use all the means in my power toward placing such troops on the most efficient footing and supplying, to the extent of my ability, their wants. I would be glad to have your views on the subject-matter of this communication.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 23, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to state to you as follows:

Dispatches just received indicate a movement of the enemy in considerable force from Memphis on the line of the Memphis and Charles-

