HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,At the River, December 25, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: General Hood directs me to say that two fords on Shoal Creek above the one over which the army is now crossing have been reported to him-one a mile above, and the other three miles above; the latter is called Huff's, and the road on the other side may be partially blocked. Have them both examined at once, and if in your judgment you can save time by it cross your wheels at either or both of them. Captain Smith, of General Hood's staff, reports the one a mile above a good ford, without obstruction and not deep. Let us know when your wheels are over Shoal Creek.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS,

December 25, 1864.]

Lieutenant-General STEWART:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that as soon as all of your wheels are over Shoal Creek you will cross your command and carry out the order written you yesterday, to take position on this side of that creek, with reference to holding it.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 25, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

Captain Reid telegraphs from Corinth that Lieutenant Vernon, engineer troops, reports enemy landed at Chickasaw yesterday morning. Saw their boats; whether transports or gun-boats unknown.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., December 25, 1864.

Major General F. GARDNER,

Commanding District of Miss. and East La., Jackson, Miss.:

Rumors from above, and the official reports of the enemy, seem to establish the fact that General Hood has sustained a serious reverse. The lieutenant-general desires you, in consequence, to be governed by your own information as to how far the troops under General Adams shall be sent on to the support of Martin and Mabry, whom it is presumed will be able to meet the force coming out under Grierson. Should General Hood cross the Tennessee the enemy may push him some

