
fifty miles south of it, or as far as the condition of the roads will allow, and will then doubtless deflect that portion of his army furnished by Canby, some 20,000 men, for a serious attack on Mobile. In this event General Hood will have ample cavalry for his purpose, while all of yours will be needed near Mobile and along the Mobile and Ohio railroad to harass the enemy and protect our line of communication. I am directed to add that the telegram sent you od-ay with regard to Colonel Scott's command was forwarded with the view of authorizing you to give him such instructions as you might propose. To repeat, push forward General Adams only in case he can arrive in time to be available and in the event that General Hood does not cross the Tennessee.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 25, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to state to you that, from the rumors which reach him from our own army and from the official reports of the enemy, he is satisfied that General Hood has suffered a severe reverse. He now feels convinced, for the first time, that Mobile will be seriously threatened, not immediately, but so soon as the enemy, having pressed his pursuit of our army as far south of the Tennessee as the condition of the roads will permit, shall be in a position to return the force, some 20,000 men, which he obtained from Canby. The lieutenant-general commanding desires you, therefore, to make steady and energetic preparations for the anticipated movement, weighing well your dispositions to meet it and studying carefully every means by which the enemy can be annoyed and harassed by our cavalry. Your defensive works should be pushed forward with all possible vigor, and, if necessary, you should employ your soldiers to complete them. The lieutenant-general commanding will place at your command all the assistance he can himself control and all that he can obtain from Governor Watts and General Withers.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, December 25, 1864.

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during week ending December 24, 1864:

FIRST DIVISION.

Redans: During the work the force was kept on the redans, the larger part being upon the one between I and K, which is rapidly approaching completion.

I: Completing magazine and galleries. Steam engine burst on Friday, killing two negroes and scalding and wounding five or six others. The engineer was badly scalded. The machine is a complete wreck.

