
on a raid but on an important campaign. Should you be unable to gain any material advantage in Tennessee with your present force you will retire at once across Tennessee River, and come with or send to Augusta, by best and quickest route, all forces not absolutely required to hold that defensive line. We have no advices, since telegram of the morning of the 15th instant, about Captain Hazlehurst.

Since then I have been informed that the enemy's cavalry has cut the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and a large force is now moving on Corinth. This movement may possibly cut you off from your retrograde march via Corinth, and force you to adopt another route, possibly higher up the river, basing yourself on the Blue Mountain road. Be good enough to let us know your plans, so that we may provide for you accordingly. General D. W. Adams, at Talladega, Ala., has been directed to establish a line of couriers to communicate with you.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 27, 1864.

(Via Corinth, Miss.)

General J. B. HOOD:

Telegraphed you on yesterday as follows:*

Since that have been informed that Corinth may ba taken and your march may be another line to recross the river. Let us know by courier, via both Columbus and Talladega, of your plans, so that supplies may be furnished.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, Ala., December 27, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Hood directs me to inform you that Major-General Bate has batteries in position on this side of the river, which will protect the pontoon, and you can therefore withdraw the batteries on your side.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS,Bainbridge, December 27, 1864.

Major-General WALTHALL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Stewart directs that you will move your command back and occupy the line which Major Foster will indicate to you, leaving a brigade to watch the ford to Shoal Creek and the roads in your front. When in the new position you will dispose of your force as

---------------

*Same as embodied in next, ante.

---------------

