
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., January 12, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, accompanying report of Major-General Gardner.*

These instructions were directed before leaving Jackson, and the information embodied is obtained from telegrams.

R. GARDNER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, December 27, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th instant, which has been submitted to the lieutenant-general commanding, who directs me to state to you as follows: The lieutenant-general commanding did not think that the enemy contemplated in his present movements the siege of Mobile. Your dispatch of the 21st instant represented that-

Captain Moore reports that he saw an infantry force landing at Grand Bay yesterday morning. Four thousand infantry, five guns, and a squadron of cavalry were added to the force now on Franklin Creek. The whole infantry amounts to 7,000, according to least estimate. I went to General Thomas' command yesterday. His whole force, 1,450.

In view of this, and apprehending that the enemy intended to attack the railroad communication with Mobile, General Gardner's force were ordered toward the road for the purpose of protecting it, and, if feasible, attack the enemy whenever it could be done with advantage. On the 20th you telegraphed as follows:

Forces now here can defend Mobile against any known force of enemy. Enemy on Franklin Creek cannot be attacked unless he leaves that position. Please arrest movement of troops to this place required elsewhere, &amp;c.

About this time, also, the movement on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad from Memphis developed itself, and General Gardner's troops were arrested in their march toward the lower line of the railroad and ordered above. The lieutenant-general commanding has written you since the date of your letter, explaining his views fully relative to the probable designs of the enemy in this department looking to ulterior movements against Mobile. It is important that whenever the reports which reach you of strength and movements of enemy in your district or vicinity are contradicted or disproved you will immediately inform him of such contradiction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[DECEMBER 28, 1864.- For Beauregard to Cooper, requesting recall of order extending limits of his command to Atlantic coast, &c., see Vol. XLIV, p. 996.]

---------------

*See Part I, p. 865.

---------------

