HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, Ala., December 28, 1864-10.15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that you will order General Forrest to hurry Patterson and Burtwell to Roddey as rapidly as possible. The enemy took possession of Decatur last night at dark. As soon as your command is over the river let them move to the vicinity of this place and go into camp. Get them over as soon as you can.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS,

Tuscumbia, Ala., December 28, 1864.

The march will be resumed to-morrow morning at sunrise, left in front, passing through Tuscumbia and going toward Iuka. The division of General Walthall will move in front, that of General Loring following. General Loring will place two regiments in his rear as a rear guard. The trains will move in advance of the troops.

By command of Lieutenant-General Stewart:

W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. INFTY. FORCES OF THE REAR GUARD,

December 28, 1864-3 a. m.

Featherston's brigade will move promptly (without further orders at daybreak across the bridge, to be followed by Feild and then Palmer. General Reynolds will withdraw his command from Shoal Creek in time to reach the main line by daybreak, and leave a skirmish line behind for a half hour; he will follow Palmer. Ector's brigade will cover the road until the whole command has passed, then will follow, passed on to the bridge. It is important that the movements be conducted with promptness and in good order.

By command of Major-General Walthall:

E. D. CLARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS GILTNER'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Glade Springs, Va., December 28, 1864.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Having been left temporarily in command of this brigade by the absence of Colonel Giltner, who has gone ahead to see his family in Russell (having applied to the major-general commanding to do so), I have the honor to report my location, &amp;c., for the information of the general commanding, and ask for instructions, orders, &c., as directed by Colonel Giltner. The men are generally well collected in camp here, or en route to the rendezvous at Hanson's, in Russell County, where it was expected they would meet the brigade. All of our wagons, by direction of Colonel Giltner, have gone from Liberty Hill, via Lebanon, to Hanson's, except three, which were sent to the brigade to assist in

