
MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

General Adams has opened line of couriers to the Tennessee and has sent dispatches to General Hood. If communication with Corinth has not been re-established, would it not be well for you to send by courier from Columbus orders to send pontoons and supplies from Corinth to Tuscumbia?

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 29, 1864.

(Via Talladega.)

Colonel MILES,

Corinth:

If General Hood has not recrossed the Tennessee all stores at Corinth should be moved toward Tuscumbia to supply his army-pontoons, ammunition, and provisions.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEERS,Mobile, Ala., December 29, 1864.

Colonel S. H. LOCKETT,

Chief Engineer Department of Ala., Miss., and East La.:

COLONEL: On your arrival I wish you to turn your attention particularly to the following, while urging all the works forward: Prepare positions for light artillery around the works at Spanish Fort, particularly at Numbers 3., for guns to fire in front of Numbers 2 and on the approaches to it. These guns will require to be traversed or placed just to the right and near the terminus of the main work and countersunk. Numbers 3, I think, can be defended best from Numbers 4, or from points between Nos. 3 and 4. A safe communication between Numbers 2 and some fresh water for the use of troops in also needed, as also a direct communication between Nos. 2 and 3. A communication to the rear from Numbers 3 also seems necessary, as well as from the heavy better to Numbers 2. Push forward the abatis, both at Blakely and Spanish Fort, until it becomes impassable under fire. The track across the marsh to Battery Huger ought to be commenced at the earliest possible moment; small piles driven in the marsh by hand, with light cross pieces joining them together, will probably give sufficient strength for the plank roadway and any weight that may pass over it. The heavy gun at Numbers 2 ought also to be mounted, and the covering at the magazine finished. Keep the troops at work on the abatis. I have directed more piles to be cut, in order to fill up the gap just left in the obstructions near Spanish Fort, and if there is time drive piles across the channel leading over the bar of the Apalachee and Blakely Rivers. I wish you to study Numbers 2, and see if you cannot still strengthen it without great expenditure of time and labor, as it may very well have a fire from the fleet as well as land batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General and Chief Engineer, Mil. Div. of the West.

