
[Indorsement.]

The above instructions will be strictly carried out, and with as little delay as possible.

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL' OFFICE,Numbers 308. Richmond, December 29, 1864.

* * * * *

XVI. Major J. P. Horbach, quartermaster, is assigned to duty as quartermaster of General Chalmers' division, Army of Tennessee, to relieve Major William Barnewall, jr., quartermaster.

By command of the Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 30, 1864.- For Davis to Beuaregard, directing the latter to resume command of the district west of Augusta, see Vol. XLIV, p. 1010.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 30, 1864.

(Received January 2, 1865.)

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Hood, under date 27th, headquarters in the field, dispatches General Taylor that some spare troops from Corinth have been ordered down the Mobile road to drive enemy away, and requests that he co-operate from below with sufficiently large force to accomplish this purpose. Colonel Miles, at Corinth, says enemys' gun-boats have all gone down river, and that railroad is but slightly damaged this side of Tupelo, which will be repaired in a few days. Enemy's cavalry, at last accounts, said to be at Ellisville. General Taylor says communication will be open with Corinth soon as possible. Following just received:

MERIDIAN, December 30, 1864.

Enemy moved yesterday in evening direction of Houston, leaving their wounded, 40 in number, and ours, 5 or 6. General Gholson badly wounded. No damage to railroad above Tupelo.

WM. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Gardner reports from West Point that enemy last night were moving on two roads to Grenada and Jackson, and that he had ordered cavalry to meet them from the west.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to S. Cooper, adjutant and inspector-general, Richmond, Va., and Major General H. Cobb, Macon, Ga.)

