HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Iuka, December 30, 1864.

[General W. H. JACKSON:]

GENERAL: You will leave Brigadier-General Ross at this place (Iuka) with his brigade, leaving one regiment at Bear Creek bridge, and send one regiment to Eastport to picket the Tennessee River from the month of Bear Creek tot he mouth of Yellow Creek. You will bring General Ross' train to Burnsville, except commissary, with a sufficient [sic] to procure forage from the country for the present. The regiment sent to the river must forage from the citizens until the road is opened. General Ross will report to me at Burnsville, for the present, any movements of the enemy. You will stop General Armstrong's train and General Ross', if you think best, up Bear Creek for the present. General Armstong, with a portion of this brigade, has been ordered back to Tuscumbia, General Roddey being hard pressed by the enemy from Decatur. I desire you to take charge of Bell's brigade and Rucker's brigade, and proceed to Jackson, Tenn. You can make your arrangements accordingly. Bell';s and Rucker's brigade have been ordered to Burnsville, where you meet them, and you can report to me in person at Burnsville. Harvey's scouts have been ordered on Tennessee River, in the vicinity of Eastport, and will scout and act in conjunction with the regiment that you may send over to Eastport.

Yours, respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

The major-general thinks probably you had better stop General Ross, and General Armstrong's wagon train up Bear Creek, where they can procure forage.

Respectfully,

J. P. S[TRANGE],

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Montgomery, Ala., December 30, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of your communication of the 25th instant, inclosing copy of your instructions to Major-General Maury for the defense of Mobile, and asking that Governor Watts and General Withers be requested to send to that point every available man under their control. In accordance with your wished, I have this day written to them to impress upon them the danger which threatens Mobile, and to urge them to end forward every man they can raise for its defense.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, December 30, 1864.

[General FRANK. GARDNER:]

The enemy's cavalry reported near Collierville on the 22nd instant; artillery and infantry near there. Notice of above received on the 23rd.

