
I at once telegraph Commander Mabry's brigade, at Macon, to move up at once, via Okolona and Ellistown. Same dispatch sent to Wade's regiment. Telegraphed Brigadier-General Gholson and Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Henderson to move up with all their cavalry and King's batte- ry, and send up all dismounted men or railroad to Corinth; also dispatched for all men to be sent up from Lauderdale Springs, Macon, and Okolona. On 24th instant I received notice that the enemy's cavalry had crossed Mississippi Central Railroad, and were marching rapidly through Lamer on road to Salem. I at once dispatched Henderson at Verona, Gholson at Okolona, Wade at Columbus, Colonel Lipscomb at Macon, to concentrate in front of Tupelo or Okolona to resist raid from Memphis; made known to them the approach of the enemy. The enemy moved without halting but once to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, striking it at Booneville and between Baldwyn and Guntown, doing but little damage to the track at Booneville and partially destroying one bridge below Baldwyn. The two columns above named went west, and joined main forces near Ellistown. The whole force then moved down and struck the road at Tupelo and Verona, destroying most of the bridges and burning depots, but doing but little damage to the track elsewhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. MABRY,

Colonel, &amp;c.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 31, 1864.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

On reaching the Army of the Tennessee, am I authorized to appoint General Taylor to its command, should I find its condition such as to require a change of commander? Please answer at Montgomery.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 31, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston:

General Taylor reports this evening, on authority of an officer from General Hood's army, that the crossed the river at Bainbridge Ferry, a short distance from Florence, on the 26th and 27th instant.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General S. Cooper, Richmond, and Brigadier General D. W. Adams, Talladega.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers -. Burnsville, Miss., December 31, 1864.

I. Lieutenant-General Stewart will take post with his command at this point, and repair at once the dirt road from here to Corinth.

II. Major-General Stevenson will take post with his command at Rienzi, first repairing a piece of swamp between here and Rienzi, and then repairing the dirt road from Rienzi to Tupelo.

