
days on this duty, but is still in want of several thousand horses. he therefore desires you to press all the serviceable cavalry horses and mules you may find in the vicinity of your line of march and bring them with you to this point. I send you a package of memorandum receipts, which you will cause the officers detailed for the duty to give to the persons from whom they take the animals, and say to them that these receipts will be replaced by the proper Government vouchers upon presentation to carling, chief quartermaster of this corps, at Nashville, Tenn. Should a horse be taken that is not worth the maximum price paid by the Government ($160), the officer singing the receipt will state his estimated on the receipt. All the horses you may be able to obtain will be turned in on your arrival to Captain W. M. Wilson, acting assistant quartermaster. It is desirable in this matter that the citizens be treated with all due consideration, and that receipts be given with every animal which is taken.

by command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Division:

The general commanding directs that you send an officer to Colonel La Grande, and urge him to reach this point by Friday night at the farthest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, December 6, 1864.

General ELI LONG:

telegram of to-day received. If the proper arms are not ready by the time you are all mounted take anything you can get, and leave an officer to receive the arms required as soon as they arrive. This is a matte of very great importance and allows of no delay. is the Fifth Indiana all at Louisville? If Major Chambliss is not there to carry out the instructions in regard to seizure, give them to the commanders of all detachment and act for me till he arrives. As you come through from Louisville direct your division and brigade quartermasters to seize all horses fit for cavalry service and bring them through for transfer to the chief quartermaster of the corps for issue to the dismounted men here. Communicate this order to McCook, so that he may give similar instructions to La Grande. We need 4,000 horses here.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

Your communication of December 4 has just been received. I telegraphed to-day directing you to mount all your men at once, or as soon

