
III. Major-General Cheatham, with his command, will take post at Corinth, repairing at once the dirt road from Corinth to Rienzi and also the works at Corinth.

By order of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Burnsville, December 31, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that you will halt your command for the present at Iuka and send your wagons up on Bear Creek to find forage. There is said to be some on the upper part of Bear Creek. While you are halting at Iuka you must work the road from Iuka to this place. Keep your pickets out toward the Tennessee. You will not probably be at Iuka more than two or three days, but General Hood desires you will gather all the forage you can, as the road is cut below us.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., December 31, 1864.

AGENT OF THE SOUTHERN RAILROAD,

Meridian, Miss.:

SIR: The last dispatch from General Gardner reports the enemy, at 3 p. m. yesterday, going south on road from Sparta to "Wilboro." This is supposed to mean "Hillsborough," eight miles north of Forest, on your road, and though General Taylor thinks it doubtful that the enemy will make for that point, he directs that you be informed of the report so that you can make your preparations accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYTHEVILLE, December 31, 1864.

[General BRECKINRIDGE:]

GENERAL: Colonel Tucker writes me that the brigade is still unable to move from the region of its present encampment on account of the condition of the horses and their want of shoeing. He tells me that forage can easily be procured and that the horses are rapidly improving. Many men are badly in need of clothing, and all are clamorous for their pay. Guns, saddles, and cartridge-boxes are also needed. I trust that these wants may in a great measure be supplied, but aware of the difficulties under which you have labored and still experience I am prepared to wait with patience until your quartermaster and ordnance officer can furnish the articles required. I, however, hope that pay funds

