
will soon be provided, as nothing will more tend to satisfy the men than the receipt of their pay. If you will conclude to station my brigade in the front and vicinity of Abingdon, as seemed your intention when I conversed with you upon the subject, I will beg that you give me early notice so that I may endeavor to provide comfortable quarters for the men and make arrangements to secure forage.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

B. W. DUKE,

Brigadier-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 1, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Dispatch of 26th ultimo asks if General Hardee has reported, &amp;c. I suppose you men Hood. He reported by telegraph December 3, and forwarded to you on the 8th, the day of its receipt; also by letter received the 29th ultimo and forwarded you the 30th by mail; copies forwarded to War Office.

The following just received from Lieutenant-General Taylor:

Federal raiders all going westward. Mobile and Ohio Railroad clear. Couriers are stationed across the gap from Egypt to Tupelo, and telegraph communication thus established with Corinth and Hood's army.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, January 1, 1865. (Received 3rd.)

General J. B. HOOD:

General Beauregard desires a report of your operations since your report of 11th of December. Advise by telegraph as far as practicable. Write fully the condition of the army and what is necessary to give it effective mean for operations. We have no dispatches since yours of the 15th of December.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Corinth, January 1, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that on your arrival at Rienzi you will consolidate, temporarily, Holman's, Biffle's, Wheeler's, Ninth Tennessee Battalion, First Confederate, and that portion of the Seventh Alabama Regiment that have horses, into four regiments, which will compose one brigade, placing the senior officer in command of the consolidated companies and regiments. The dismounted men of the Seventh Alabama Regiment you will furlough for twenty days, and send them in charge of an officer to their homes, to collect absentees, procure clothing for those left behind, and mount themselves,

