
and report at Rienzi or wherever your headquarters may be. You will furlough the Fifth Mississippi Regiment for fifteen days, to assemble at the expiration of that time as directed. You will furlough the Tennessee brigade until the 20th instant, to assemble at the point designated above, and instruct them that all men, on their return, that will bring with them a deserter or a recruit well mounted will be entitled to a furlough of twenty days in the next twelve months. Colonel Kelley will proceed in charge of the Tennessee brigade, at or near Brownsville, Tenn., and will at all times have 200 men in camp. Colonel Kelleys will report with his brigade at Rienzi, or wherever it may be, by the 20th instant. Your battery will be left at this place, and you will endeavor to procure corn and send to this place for the horses. As soon as one regiment is organized with from 400 to 500 men, you will order the commanding officer to report to these headquarters at this place. You will endeavor to collect all the Middle Tennessee companies and parts of companies, and organize them into one of the regiments, temporarily, which you are instructed to organize. You will send forward details from the Fifth Mississippi Regiment, with orders to collect all men absent from McCulloch's and other commands, and report with them at Rienzi. You will make requisitions for all clothing, cooking utensils, and other quartermaster supplies you may need, and endeavor to have that portion of your command in camp ready to move at a moment's notice. Holman's regiment is yet behind, but as soon as he comes up will be ordered to report to you.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, January 1, 1865.

General S. COOPER:

Colonel T. H. Taylor, commanding Mobile, reports $35,000 four per cent. bounds, counterfeit, were received through the post-office here. The postmark of the letter containing the bonds was counterfeit; also postoffice way bill. Many other counterfeit bonds reported to be in circulation in Montgomery and other points. Please send out proper detectives and orders.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Secretary of Treasury will confer with Secretary of War and adopt proper measures.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 4, 1865.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President. The detective of this department, Mr. McGibbon, who is in Montgomery, has been ordered by telegraph to proceed immediately to Mobile and take all necessary steps to detect the offenders and bring them to trial.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of Treasury.

