HEADQUARTERS,Corinth, Miss., January 2, 1865.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding Lee's Corps:

General Hood direct that you will continue your march to Tupelo, sending all your wheels that can possibly be spared from the troops at once to Columbus, Miss. The troops can obtain rations from the railroad, but the men that go with the wheels must take bread at least to last them to Columbus. When you reach Tupelo you will receive there orders to move to West Point or Columbus. Send the carriages of your artillery, and those of General Cheatham's also, to Columbus, and not to Tupelo, as directed in my note on the cars, written this morning. The officer in charge of your wheels will report to Major-General Elzey on arriving at Columbus.

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Stewart, dated January 3.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

In the Field, January 2, 1865.

The corps will be in readiness to continue its march in the direction of Booneville at 9 a.m. to-morrow, in the following order: Deas, Clayton, Pettus. One-half of the brigade ordnance wagons, such ambulances as h ave serviceable animals, the cook wagon, such of the supply train as will be designated by the chief of subsistence of the corps, the headquarters wagons, with such baggage only as may be indispensably necessary on the march, one tool wagon, with select tools, one forge to a division, and the medical wagon, lightly loaded, of divisions, will accompany the troops, moving habitually in front of and assisted forward by their respective divisions; all other wheels, including the artillery of this corps, and such of Cheatham's as may be at this point (the guns being left in charge of an officer of each corps), and a suitable guard at the depot (to be shipped by rail), will be collected by the chief of the departments of divisions and battalions to which they respectively belong, not later than 9.30 a.m. to-morrow, near the depot; there to be organized into a train, under the charge of an officer who will be ordered from these headquarters. One regiment from each division, commanded by an officer below the grade of lieutenant-colonel, will be selected by the division commander, to report to the commander of the train at the depot at 8.30 a.m. to-morrow, as guard to the train; an engineer officer, and one company of prisoners, to be selected by the chief engineer officer, will accompany the train. The pioneer companies of the corps will at once be increased temporarily, until further orders, to thirty-five men. No one not assigned to any of the regiments or battalions with the train will be permitted to accompany it, without special permission from the officer in charge. The troops with the train will be furnished with not less than eight days of breadstuff and a fair proportion of the cooking utensils, the latter from the commands to which they belong.

By command of Major General C. L. Stevenson:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

