
MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

General Beauregard left Charleston to-day at 11 o'clock. Have no doubt he desires to see you. When he leaves Macon will advise you so that you may meet him here.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Corinth, Miss., January 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I have just had an interview with General Hood, and am informed by him that the Army of Tennessee is ordered to Augusta, and that I will be left to defend as well as can be done this section of the country. I regret to say that the means at my disposal are not adequate to the task devolving upon me. My command is greatly reduced in numbers and efficiency by losses in battle and in the worn-down and unserviceable condition of animals. The Army of Tennessee was badly defeated and is greatly demoralized, and to save it during the retreat from Nashville I was compelled almost to sacrifice my command. Aside from the killed, wounded, and captured of my command, many were sent to the rear with barefooted, lame, and unserviceable horses, who have taken advantage of all the confusion and disorder attending the hasty retreat of a beaten army, and are now scattered through the country or have gone to their homes. The enemy have about 10,000 cavalry, finely equipped and recently mounted on the best of horses, and I ask that you will send McCulloch's brigade to me at once, with any other cavalry you can possibly spare. I am also greatly in need of artillery horses. I have four batteries of four guns each, but have not a sufficiency one third of a ration of corn per day (say four pounds to the horse), and if they remain much longer upon that allowance they will be worthless; in fact, from the hard service performed and want of forage, it will require at least six weeks to put them in condition for active service in the field. I shall remain in General Hood's rear until he moves off from here, and if the railroad can not supply me with forage in a short time will be compelled to leave a small force here and follow him down to the prairies and save my stock, if possible to do so. Our mules are also worn down and many of them unfit for service, and unless recruited will prove a total loss.

I assure you, general, that any assistance you may have it in your power to give me in fitting up my transportation and artillery will be appreciated, and, if in your power to do so, would be glad to see you up here, or have the privilege of visiting you myself, as I am anxious to see you personally in regard to changes, &amp;c., in the cavalry of my command. Many regiments are greatly reduced, and it is absolutely necessary to reorganize it. As soon as the Army of Tennessee gets away, I will forward you full reports, giving the effective of reorganizing the cavalry, and never having visited Richmond, I would like much to

