
will be losing strength faster than if engaged in battle. As the horses become emaciated the men become disheartened, and I appeal to you to save your cavalry, if possible, from a position in which they must, in my judgment, certainly meet with ruin and disgrace. If we had time to reorganize, recruit, and fit up the command in a place where forage could be procured, we can whip the enemy's cavalry, and every man in your command is anxious that you should have a fair trial of strength with Major-General Wilson. You will pardon me for the plainness of this letter, but there are times when every man should think, and should not hesitate to express his thoughts.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

J. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, January 3, 1865.

General J. B. HOOD,

Corinth, Miss.:

I will leave for Okolona on Thursday morning, 5th, if you can meet me there; if you cannot, I will endeavor to meet you at Tupelo, as requested. A raid from Decatur reported forty miles from Columbus, Miss. Let me know if you know anything of it, and advise me whether you can come to Okolona.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, January 3, 1865.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

General Hood's army crossed Tennessee River at Bainbridge on 26th and 27th ultimo. General Hood telegraphs me from Corinth to-day. Don't believe a word of presence of enemy at Smithville. In any event, Columbus will be defended.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, January 3, 1865.

Colonel MILES,

Commanding Post, Corinth, Miss.:

Raid of enemy reported coming south from Decatur. Send me immediately any information you have on subject.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHEAST MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, January 3, 1865.

Captain P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Yours of the 28th ultimo by courier just received. The dispatch for General Hood had just been repeated to him at Burnsville, the original kept to be delivered to him to-night or to-morrow. The enemy struck the railroad at Booneville on the morning of the 25th [December], and

