
tore it up at intervals from there to Tupelo. From the latter place to Okolona the road was badly damaged; but large working parties are engaged repairing it, and the cars will be running by Thursday or Friday. On the 26th I sent an engine down the road to ascertain the extent of damage. On the 27th I send down a construction train and another train with 500 men, under Colonel Cole, as a guard. The road was repaired as far as Tupelo, and both trains reached there that night. At that point Colonel Cole telegraphed me he could gain no reliable information and asked further instructions. In reply, I sent him telegrams Nos.1 and 2. From Tupelo Colonel Cole moved forward to Okolona, from which point he telegraphed me on the 29th that a fight had occurred at Egypt, resulting in the loss of 500 prisoners by us, and that they were being sent back to Memphis under a guard 800 strong. Colonel Cole also announced his intention to intercept the guard and liberate the prisoners. Since then I have not heard from him, and suppose he is in pursuit. I sent scouts as far as Grand Junction, who bring me word that no infantry or artillery is advancing; on the contrary, the force that had come as far as Moscow had returned to Memphis. General Hood's army is all this side of the Tennessee River, and I understand one corps is to be stationed here. Should this prove true, I shall move my headquarters to some point nearer the center of the district. I have just seen Major-General Forrest, a small portion of whose command is here and will move on to Rienzi to-night. He promises to push on after the enemy to-morrow, if his whereabouts can be ascertained, though his horses and men are too much jaded for efficient service.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CORINTH, December 27, 1864.

Colonel COLE,

Tupelo:

Stay where you are, unless forced back, until you can get reliable information from your own scouts. Send them out at once, with orders to bring you positive information, and let me know early in the morning. Is Colonel Mabry with you yet?

W. R. MILES.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

CORINTH, December 27, 1864.

Your mission is to protect the road, if practicable, but you must not let the enemy get between you and this place. Keeping this in view, use your best discretion in your movements, and I will send your rations in the morning.

W. R. MILES.

MERIDIAN, January 3, 1865.

Brigadier General DAN. W. ADAMS,

Tallageda:

Enemy's raid reported coming from Decatur and at Smithville on yesterday. Do you know anything of it? Answer immediately.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

