HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, January 3, 1865.

JOHN ARMSTRONG, Esq.,

Editor, &amp;c., Meridian:

DEAR SIR: The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to say that he thinks your information relative to the enemy having been to Grenda, &c. (as published in your paper of this morning), is erroneous. Brigadier-General Adams reports a fight with the enemy on yesterday, between Big Blad and Yazoo Rivers, and says he has seen citizens who positively state the enemy has not been to Grenada. Nothing has been received here to justify the belief that the trains referred to in your paragraph have been captured; indeed, all the information we have induces the belief that the trains have not been captured, nor the enemy visited Grenada. From the fact that your paper is published so near headquarters of department, it has occurred to the general that more importance will be attached to your assertions than if they appeared in sheets published elsewhere. He therefore requests that you will hereafter, on receipt of such information as that referred to, give him the opportunity of either verifying or contradicting the same, as the publication of such rumors must cause much unnecessary alarm and uneasiness to those persons having friends or other interests at or near designated points. I am further instructed to assure you the lieutenant-general commanding will at any time take pleasure in furnishing you for publication all information received at headquarters which can be properly be made public.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,No. 2. Corinth, January 4, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, commanding, will relieve Captain H. A. Gartrell's company, now commanded by Lieutenant C. W. Hooper, and order him, with his company, to report to these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, commanding, will relieve all detachments which properly belong to regiments now in Georgia, to report to Colonel Harvie, inspector-general of the Army of Tennessee, at once; those of the Ninth and Tenth Tennessee Regiments, and should a majority of the Ninth Battalion Tennessee Cavalry, Major Akin, be in your command, it will be retained or not, as Major may think best, and all unattached and unorganized companies from Middle Tennessee are expected, which will remain with your command; all others will be relieved, and ordered to report as directed.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Corinth, January 4, 1865-9 p.m.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will collect all the effective cavalry you can find, and also send for the Kentucky

