
cavalry under Colonel Shacklett, which went in the neighborhood of Boonesville, and have them in readiness to move to-morrow evening, with five days' cooked rations and sixty rounds of ammunition to the man. If any should be without arms they can be supplied by Captain Hill, ordnance officer, who will take 100 stand of arms down in the morning. You will also send for Captain Cobb's company of scouts; they were ordered down to Blackland to be shod up. You will also send men down as far as Tupelo to collect all cavalry they may find, and order them across to Ripley and Holly Springs. You will also order some men immediately to proceed to Coldwater, and order them to destroy all the boats on Coldwater between Panola and Hermando, with instructions to report to the major-general either at Cockrum's Cross-Roads or in the vicinity of Holly Springs. You will order Cobb's scouts to proceed immediately to Coldwater, to assist in destroying the boats; and if the enemy should attempt to cross he will cross on the north side, and endeavor to prevent it. The major-general commanding directs me to say that Grierson has burned Grenada and is quietly wandering about destroying the country, and his object is to get between him and Memphis, and it will require all the troops he can raise to capture him; and you will use every effort to collect all the force you can, and instruct the men you may send down the railroad, and also those they may find that cannot return to Rienzi to-morrow evening, that they meet the major-general at Ripley with those they may collect on the evening of the 6th, or at Holly Springs on the evening of the 7th instant. The major-general will be at Rienzi to-morrow morning and move with you.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The major-general directs me to say that he will not take any wheels with him.

IUKA, January 4, 1865-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Corinth:

Dispatch directing move to Rienzi received. If command is to go on any expedition please have the serviceable cavalry with Colonel Montgomery to join me; also 111 men sent off yesterday, under Lieutenant-Colonel Whitfield, with wagon train, to Verona, most of whose horses, though in bad condition, can still be used. I will be Rienzi to-morrow evening.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

General JACKSON:

The major-general directs that you will order General Ross to send after his men himself.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

