
Giltner's Cavalry Brigade.*

Colonel A. L. PRIDEMORE.

4th Kentucky Cavalry, Captain John G. Scott.

10th Kentucky Mounted Rifles, Colonel Benjamin E. Caudill.

10th Kentucky Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel George R. Diamond.

64th Virginia Cavalry, Major James B. Richmond.

Jenkins' (Kentucky) Cavalry Company, Captain Barton W. Jenkins.

TUPELO, MISS., January 6, 1865.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Thomas appears to be moving up the Tennessee river. Up to 9 a.m. on the 5th scouts report six gun-boats and sixty transports had passed Savannah, going toward Eastport, loaded with troops and supplies.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

(Copy to General Beauregard.)

RIENZI, January 6, 1865.

Major-General FORREST,

Corinth:

Wheeler and the detachments belonging in Georgia were ordered off yesterday. I have sent Nixon at once to Jacinto. Biffle went out last night seven miles for forage; he will be in to-night, and move at once. Cobb's scouts went to Coldwater under my first order, and cannot be overtaken before they reach there.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 6, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge a dispatch from the honorable Secretary of War, received at these headquarters on the 29th ultimo,+ directing, if practicable, the crossing of troops in aid of General Hood, or a diversion in his favor by a movement into Missouri.

The heavy rains which have fallen, unusual even at this season, with the exhausted condition of the country and our limited transportation, make it impossible, before early summer, either to attempt crossing troops or to renew operations against the enemy.

I have delayed my reply to this dispatch until views of Lieutenant-General Buckner could be obtained, the matter being them under consideration, a letter previously received from General Beauregard on the same subject having been submitted to him.

I inclose copies of Lieutenant-General Buckner's letter; also fo General Beauregard's communication, with my reply thereto.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

---------------

*Glade Springs Depot, Va., January 5, 1865, as shown by inspection reports.

+See December 7, 1864, Vol. XLI, Part I, p.123.

---------------

