
Trusting you appreciate the difficulties under which I labor and believe in an honest desire on my part to assist you, I remain your friend and obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[Indorsement on copy received by General Beauregard.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Columbia, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Respectfully forward for the information of the War Department. Notwithstanding the opinions of General Smith and Lieutenant-General Buckner, I am still of the opinion that troops can be crossed to this side of the Mississippi River, even if it be in canoes constructed by the troops near the points selected for them to cross. No reference is made as to why a movement cannot be made against New Orleans, that troops may be dawn off from the armies of the United States now operating on this side of the Mississippi.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith special orders* in reference to Colonel Scott's command. I deem these orders necessary, because of the great number of stragglers in that country, whom Colonel Scott assures me, by his presence (with the assistance of the few men marching in this direction), he can immediately get back and reorganize. It is also necessary, on account of the threatening aspect of affairs at Baton Rouge, as Scott's command can arrive at Summit on its present march as soon as it could reach this place, and the prospect of getting the whole command together, to be immediately ready for service, is important. Colonel McGuirk's regiment has already been ordered to Brandon, which will more than replace the men Scott moves south. I had also ordered Mabry will all the cavalry, except Wade's (which I leave under his command to be organized), to march to Canton as soon as relieved from the present raid of the enemy toward Columbus. But it seems that General Forrest has assumed command of that cavalry, by what authority I am not informed. I inclose a copy of a telegram this morning to Colonel Mabry.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

JACKSON, MISS., January 6, 1865.

Colonel H. P. MABRY,

West Point, Miss.:

Inform Major-General Forrest that you are moving your troops under my orders. If he has instructions to take command of any of my troops he must communicate them to me.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

