HDQRS. SEVENTH CONFEDERATE BATTALION CAVALRY,Stony Creek, January 6, 1865.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department:

SIR: I have very reliable information of the enemy being in the lower end of this county and Lee, committing depredations of all characters. A scout from this battalion, just returned, state that they found a party of home guards encamped on Looney's Creek, in Wise County. They have robbed citizens of everything they could conveniently carry away, and are still making their appearance. I would most respectfully ask that you would send by the courier some ammunition. In the condition of the battalion now we could do nothing, and if furnished with the necessary amount of ammunition they can be drive away. Captain Jones, commanding the scout, engaged the enemy near the Stone Gap of Stone Mountain, killing eight and driving the enemy entirely away; his loss, none. Stone Gap is about twelve miles from my camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. FRENCH,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

RICHMOND, VA., January 7, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Hardee needs aid. If Hood has not complied with your suggestion, please give the matter prompt attention.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

MACON, January 7, 1865-11 a.m.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

General Hood reports form Spring Hill, December 27 [17], 1864, that on morning of 15th instant, in front of Nashville, the enemy attacked both flanks of his army. They were repulsed on the right with heavy loss, but toward evening they drove in his infantry outposts on the left flank. Early on 16th the enemy made a general attack on his entire line. All their assaults were handsomely repulsed with heavy loss, until 3.30 p.m., when a portion of our line to left of center suddenly gave way, causing our lines to give way at all points, our troops retreating rapidly. Fifty pieces of artillery and several ordnance wagons were lost by us n that day. Our loss in killed and wounded very small; in prisoners, not ascertained. Major General Ed. Johnson, Brigadier General T. B. Smith and H. R. Jackson are captured.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MACON, January 7, 1865. (Received 4 o'clock.)

General S. COOPER:

General Hood reports from Corinth, Miss., January 3, 1865, that the army recrossed Tennessee River at Bainbridge, without material loss since battle of Franklin,* and that will be assembled in few days in

---------------

*See dispatch as sent by Hood, p.757.

---------------

