
MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 9, 1865. (Received 2 p.m.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Your views on the application of General Hood, relative to his Trans-Mississippi troops, coincide fully with my own. Your instructions shall be followed at once.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Resolved, That a joint committee of five on the part of the Senate and nine on the part of the House of Delegates be appointed to proceed forthwith to take into consideration the state of the country and devise and report to the general assembly such means as they my think adapted to the present emergency, and that such committee have leave to sit during the session of the general assembly and to confer with such persons as they deem expedient in order to advance the objects of this resolution.

Adopted January 9, 1865.

WM. F. GORDON, Jr.,

Clerk House of Delegates and Keeper of Records of Virginia.

In joint committee, January 9, 1865.

Resoled, That the chairman of the committee communicate to the President of the Confederate States a copy of the joint resolution under which the committee have been appointed, and to request respectfully on behalf of the joint committee an interview upon the subject thereof at this earliest convenience.

CONCURRENT RESOLUTION.

Resolved (the House of Representatives concurring), That if the President will appoint General J. E. Johnson to the command of the Army of Tennessee, it will, in the opinion of the Congress of the Confederate States, be hailed with joy by the army and will receive the approval of the country.

[Indorsements.]

A concurrent resolution relative to the assignment of General Joseph E. Johnston.

SENATE, January 16, 1865.

Passed the Senate.

JAMES H. NASH,

Secretary.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, January 18, 1865.

Considered and passed.

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE, C. S. A., January 21, 1865.

I do hereby certify that this resolution originated in the Senate; and that the within is a true copy of the same as finally passed by the two houses of Congress.

JAMES H. NASH,

Secretary.

