
MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

General Beauregard will leave this evening for Meridian.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION,Near Tupelo, Miss., January 10, 1865.

General FRENCH:

DEAR GENERAL: This has been the first opportunity since I reached the Tennessee River I have had to write to anyone, and take advantage of this chance to say a few words about your division and things in general. After the first day's fight at Nashville your division and staff were ordered to report to General Walthall, and this arrangement still continues. Major Sanders has been sick and unable for duty since the 24th of December; he leaves us to-morrow for home on a thirty days' sick leave. Stores has gone to Columbus, Miss., with his artillery; he was the only one in the corps who saved his artillery. Walthall lost every piece, and his chief of artillery, Loring, most of his. The second day's fight was a perfect rout and defeat. The line broke first at the salient point-that is, the large hill in rear of Stewart's headquarters. The line toward the right was more or less parallel to the Franklin pike, the left retiring and following the range of hills, you may remember, which runs toward the Franklin pike. The salient, which was held the day before by Ector's brigade, was strongly entrenched that night and held by Bate's division; he gave way about 4 p.m., which broke the whole line; not a man was in reserve to meet the enemy as he came up. A few minutes after every man took his own counsel and made the best of his way to Franklin; an effort was made to rally the men at Brentwood, but did not succeed well. I think, from all the information I can gather, we lost four or five general officers and 6,000 or 7,000 prisoners and most of the artillery. Walthall had command of the infantry forces which composed the rear guard. Not many wagons were lost after leaving Columbia, but the enemy's cavalry captured the remains of our pontoon train on this side of the river, near Tuscumbia, and 400 or 500 wagons which had been started to Tuscaloosa without a guard. It is reported that the enemy had only 250 men. We expect to go into winter quarters somewhere near here in a few days. Lee's and Stewart's corps are here; Cheatham at Corinth until the place can be evacuated. Hood seems undecided whether to winter here or at West Point. Cockrell's brigade joined us at the Tennessee River. Ector's brigade expects to be furlouthed as a brigade in a short time; at least, Hood approves it, but says he will have to get the permission of the Secretary of War. Sears' brigade is now commanded by Major Nelson. General Sears was near me when he was wounded; a solid shot passed through his horse and struck him just below the knee; the lower part of his leg was amputated. It was found impracticable to bring him out, so he was left a short distance this side of Pulaski. Captain Henderson and Lieutenant Harper were both very badly wounded and left in enemy's hands. Cockrell's, I think, was brought out, but Colonel Gates left; his arm was amputated. I was slightly wounded in the foot by a shell, which prevented me from walking a few days only. Your division is still under command of Walthall, which is not very pleasant; all are looking for you back anxiously. I think your division numbers more

