
than any other at this time. If you will return soon you will be able to save it, but if not, I much fear it will be broken up. I have nothing scarcely to do, and my present position is anything but agreeable. The whole army cannot muster 5,000 effective men. Great numbers are going home every day, many never more to return, I fear. Nine-tenths of the men and line officers are barefooted and naked. I hope, general, you will have sufficiently recover to return and take command; it will make you more popular than ever; we all feel like outsiders in this present arrangement, and are treated more or less so accordingly. I do not know where Shingler is; I have heard he was at Corinth.

You will please excuse this letter, as I have to sit by the fire to keep warm, while at the same time it is snowing. When I see you, which I hope will be soon, I will then be able to give you a better understanding about matters during the past mouth. It is reported, general, here, that you are married; if such is the case, I am pleased to congratulate you on your good fortune. I would be pleased to hear from you.

Truly, your friend,

E. T. FREEMAN.*

CHARLESTON, January 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE:

On the 3rd day of October last I was put in arrest by order of General Bragg ordered to report to General Hood in Georgia for trial. This order is herewith inclosed, marked "A". I went to Georgia in obedience to this order, but found General Hood gone to Tennessee. I followed and overtook him near Columbia, when he informed me that he had no charges or even a complaint against me. He could not then and there give me the investigation asked, and therefore ordered me to report to General Beauregard, to whom he wrote a note asking him (Beauregard) to cause an investigation of my case as soon as possible. This letter is filed herewith, marked "B". General Beauregard by written indorsement upon said letter referred the case to you. It is thus that, without any charges against me, I have been dragged across the country for more than 2,000 miles as a public prisoner, greatly to the damage of my military reputation. I do not desire to have this case dismissed without an investigation. If I have been guilty of an offense against the laws of my country, I should be punished for it; if I have been improperly arrested, the officer making the arrest should be rebuked for his conduct. I hope, therefore, you will take such steps as will procure me justice in the premisses.+

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure A.]

RICHMOND, October 3, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

(Forwarded from Dublin.)

Arrest Brigadier General J. S. Williams, commanding detachment of Wheeler's cavalry, and order him to report in person immediately to General Hood in Georgia for trial.

B. BRAGG,

General.

---------------

*Acting Assistant Inspector-General on staff of General French.

+See also Lee to Breckinridge and Bragg to Hood, Vol. XXXIX, Part III, pp. 786, 801.

---------------

