
studied them, especially No. 2, with the view of making this important part of our defenses as secure as possible. No. 2 has been greatly strengthened by putting the field guns in embrasures, protecting them by traverses, or countersinking them where the position was an exposed one. A heavy gun (7-inch Brooke) has been mounted on the right flank of this work for distant fire on D'Olives Bay and the bar of Blakely River. A very strong abatis has been made encircling this work, and the work generally put in good condition. I consider it safe against assault, and in its present condition will compel a siege, and is as well able to stand one as if twice the work was expended on it that it has already received-that it, its present condition will force the enemy to sapping and mining operations, which will not in the least be retarded by any additional labor in thickening and raising the parapet or deepening the ditch. A safe communication with a stream of water behind the hill that No. 2 occupies is being prepared. The store-houses will also be under this hill and protected by it. A safe magazine for ammunition is nearly finished in the center of the work. I have had no bomb-proofs for the garrison made, as I think past experience in this district indicates very plainly that such temptations to the garrison to leave its post on the parapet are extremely dangerous, or, at least, of doubtful property. The other accessory works to Spanish Fort have been also strengthened by traverses, embrasures, abatis, &amp;c. In regard to the location of Huger and Tracy you will find by consulting the map that they are at the farther point from the hills on the eastern shore, which was the prevailing reason, I am informed, that influenced the selection of their present site. They are also at the junction of Blakely and Appachee Rivers, and are mutual supports to each other. I agree with you in thinking that these works would have been better located near Blakely, but there has been too much labor expended on the works as they now stand to admit of any change. I have scrupulously avoided making any material alterations in the works at this point, as this policy has already been pursued almost to a ruinous extent, resulting in great increase of expense and retardation of operations that long since should have been completed. The floating battery was placed between Gladden and McIntosh by order of the major-general commanding. Colonel Sheliba and myself united in desiring to have it placed to the east of McIntosh. To do this it would have been necessary to open a gap in the obstructions, which the major-general commanding did not think advisable at the time.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Dept. of Alabama, Mississippi, &c.

MERIDIAN, MISS., January 13, 1865.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I regret to inform you that, from General Taylor's report of the disorganization and demoralization of the Army of Tennessee, and from the bad condition of the common roads and railroads hence to August, no re-enforcements can be sent in time to General Hardee from that army, which does not now number 15,000 infantry.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

