
Proclamation.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Wytheville, Va., January 13, 1865.

A proclamation dated November 7, 1864, having been issued from these headquarters offering pardon to all citizens of East Tennessee who, having joined the U. S. Army, should, prior to January 1, in good faith abandon the service and return to their homes for the pursuit of their lawful avocations, notice is hereby given that the limit therein fixed is extended to the 1st of March, 1865. Deserters from the Confederate Army and persons who have been guilty of high crimes are alone excluded from the benefit of these terms. All others who embrace the terms of the proclamation shall be held free from molestation of any kind, subject only to the conditions that they shall conduct themselves as peaceable citizens and refrain from all acts in violation of civil laws or military orders.

JOHN C. BRECKINDRIDGE,

Major-General.

TUPELO, January 14, 1865. (Received 4 o'clock 16th.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

General Beuaregard will arrive here to-morrow. I will then communicate more fully in regard to my request contained in cipher telegram of yesterday morning. I have only [the] interest of my country at stake.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Tupelo, Miss., January 14, 1865.

Colonel FLEMING,

Chief Engineer and Superintendent Mobile and Ohio Railroad, West Point, Miss.:

We are rapidly running out of breadstuffs at Tupelo and Okolona. General Hood requests that you will push your trains forward with all possible speed. We are almost out of provisions.

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tupelo, Miss., January 14, 1865.

I. Corps commanders will cause a thorough inspection to be made to-morrow at 10 a.m. of their entire commands.

II. Regular drills of all troops not on guard or fatigue duty will be commenced on Monday, the 16th instant, and continued daily, whenever the weather will permit, until further orders. Companies and battalions will be properly sized for drill without reference to their real organization.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

