
MONTGOMERY, January 14, 1865.

Honorable JEFF. DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: Although I am aware of the great press of official business daily presenting itself, and, above all, your constant though for the welfare of our country, yet I thought I would write a line, though done with some pain, owing to a slight injury to my right hand, and speak of the condition of things in this section. Though not as favorable as they have been, yet they may be a great deal worse; but come what may, there is yet a determination on the part of [the] majority of our people to continue firm and to use all our resources to conquer or die. I regret to say, however, that since Sherman's raid through Georgia and the possession of Savannah, together with the falling back of Hood's army, some are disposed to despair of our cause. It is true the present is not encouraging as the past, but we must expect reverses. Our resources are yet sufficient, if properly applied, to gain our independence, and without it we must not stop. Reconstruction is subjugation. Many now think that you were right in recommending the placing in the service the able-bodied negroes in the field. Better to drill them to fight for us than to fight against us, which they will be made to do if taken by the enemy. The removal of Johnston whilst at Atlanta was not well received at first, but our people, having such confidence in you, complained but little' but now that Hood has been tried, and by many believed incompetent in so important a position and somehow exerts but little moral influence on his men, the opinion and feeling among our people and with those now returning from Tennessee is that it would produce a happy influence if General Johnston could be returned to the command of the army. Whilst none question your ability to decide or your self-sacrificing spirit for the good of our country, I will candidly state that the return of Johnston at this time would have a better influence than anything that could be done. I hope it may be done.

The complaint yet exists, and not without cause, that too many hearty young men occupy places in this section that could be filled by others not able to perform the duty of a soldier. If General Bragg, or some other competent officer, could take hold of this matter, it would be of great service. I know you will bear with me in what I have suggested, as I have no object but the good of my country.

Very respectfully, yours,

EDMD. HARRISON.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred, by direction of the President, to the honorable Secretary of War.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 15, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Meridian:

(To be forwarded.)

By telegraph of yesterday [13th], General Hood requests to be relieved from command of Army of Tennessee. His request is granted, and you

