
TUPELO, January 16, 1865. (Received 6.30 o'clock 17th.)

General SAM. COOPER:

To prevent disorder and desertion in Army of Tennessee, I have approved a judicious system of furlough. Copy of order will be forwarded for information of War Department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 16, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Tupelo, Miss.:

General Cobb has been ordered by War Department to change headquarters to Augusta. The West Point railroad will be repaired in two days.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, January 16, 1865.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

If I am allowed to remain in command of this army, I hope you will grant me authority to reorganize it and relieve all incompetent officers. If thought best to relieve me, I am ready to command a corps or division, or do anything that may be considered best for my country.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

WEST POINT, January 16, 1865.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE:

Captain Goodman, General Chalmers' adjutant-general, informs me that General Forrest ordered General Chalmers to furlough all West Tennesseeans for thirty days, dismounted Mississippians for fifteen days, and dismounted Alabamians for twenty days. I am having all such arrested, and Colonel Forrest, who is now here, is doing likewise.

POLLOK B. LEE,

Assistant Inspector-General, Army of Tennessee.

MERIDIAN, MISS., January 16, 1865.

Colonel E. J. HAVIE,

Inspector-General:

SIR: Colonel Henry called on me yesterday and requested a written statement of the capacity of the railroads and their ability to move troops, as well as the condition of the roads. I gave him the report, and added a few suggestions. Probably he has forwarded the report to you. In case he has not, a few lines from me will do no harm. If the ordnance should be sent to Columbus, it can be sent from there on boats direct to Montgomery without being unloaded. This would save a great deal in the way of transportation, and would save several handling, and would get it through faster than if could be sent by railroad. I would also advise that the boats be ordered to Columbus for it at once. I learn there is now a fine stage of water in the Bigbee River for boats, and if the boats were ordered now there would be no

