
danger of the river getting too low before the boats could get up to Columbus. The hospitals at Columbus can be sent by boats also to Montgomery. I reported to Colonel Henry that I thought at least one-third of the men should be sent via Selma. If you think as I do, please order the transportation given accordingly, and then when the men arrive here I will know exactly what men are to go on to Mobile and what men are to go via Selma. I think we should be able to move from 2,500 to 3,000 men per day, easy. Lieutenant Harvey has not yet arrived; will tell him when he comes to telegraph to Tupelo to you, and await your reply before he goes on.

Yours, respectfully,

GEORGE WHITFIELD,

Major and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tupelo, January 16, 1865.

Major W. CLARE,

Assistant Inspector-General, Okolona, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have received your telegram of yesterday's date and submitted it for the consideration of the medical director. He promises to send a surgeon and vaccine matter at once to Okolona. General Hood desires these Yankee prisoners to be marched to Meridian. Railroad transportation cannot be furnished. He desires you to look into this matter and start them off at once if it be practicable to do so. Of course, small-pox cases and those pronounced unfit for marching by the medical department will have to be retained at Okolona. These are the general's wishes. Comply with them or not as you deem them practicable. I would like further to know your views as to retaining a post at Okolona. What business is there necessary to be transacted that cannot be done elsewhere? What number of men should be kept there? I would much prefer bringing every one to the army, if proper to do so. Give me your views.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

MERIDIAN, January 16, 1865.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE,

Inspector-General:

Trains from Montgomery and Selma come in nightly crowded with soldiers returning to the army. Should they not be stopped at Selma? I send you a communication by train this morning.

G. A. HENRY, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 12. Richmond, January 16, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XXVI. The Sixteenth Georgia Battalion Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel S. J. Winn, having been increased to ten companies by the addition of three

