
at any time an order may be issued to that effect from these headquarters. He also directs that you hold in readiness to move, upon the receipt of similar orders, another battalion of three light batteries at Columbus, Miss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,

No. 1. Near Buena Vista, January 19, 1865.

I. In obedience to orders from Major-General Forrest, the following organizations will be made:

The Ninth and Tenth Tennessee consolidated, under command of the senior officer; the Fourth and Seventh Alabama consolidated, under command of the senior officer; the Fourth and Eleventh Tennessee consolidated, under command of Colonel Holman.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

L. T. LINDSEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tupelo, Miss., January 19, 1865.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, near Okolona:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you collect as far as possible all the scattered remnants of General Wheeler's command, and proceed immediately with your whole command to Columbus, Miss., from which place you will escort the wagon train of General Lee's corps to Milledgeville, Ga. You will go as a guard for this train, and be responsible for its safety. It is not expected, however, that you will interfere with the officer having charge of it. He will regulate its marches and select camps. Please acknowledge the receipt of this, and comply with the order as soon as it reaches you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

TUPELO, January 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

General [Taylor] desires you to direct Major-General Martin to now make such disposition of his troops as will enable him to concentrate rapidly in front of and fight and harass enemy effectively in the event of his attempting cavalry raid from Mississippi River toward railroad.

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

