
TUPELO, January 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

The general desires you to obtain from Major-General Martin, as soon as practicable, full information of enemy's movements in Mississippi. Direct him to get full reports form scouts as to forces going down the river; while they report comparatively few passing down, a large force is reported below organizing for expedition.

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, MISS., January 19, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Talladega:

Ascertain and report as soon as practicable what force and time will be required to obstruct main roads leading from Tennessee River to iron and coal region of Alabama and erect ordinary and field works thereon to defend obstructions.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, ALA., January 19, 1865.

Honorable JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Canby's army reported returning from Tennessee toward New Orleans, and preparations making to attack Mobile. My present effective force of infantry and artillery about 4,500.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS GILTNER'S BRIGADE,Rye Cove, Scott County, Va., January 19, 1865.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Inclosed I send a petition of a number of citizens of Russell County representing the disorderly character of Colonel Prentice's command, and asking for protection from it; also, a letter from a Mr. John Burton upon the same subject. The whole country is filled with complaints of this command, and I have many applications from the citizens to inform how to proceed to rid themselves of the presence of these marauders, for they have degenerated into a band of thieves and plunderers and are a plague to the country they pretend to be defending. It is but just, though, to say that I hear of no complaints from the company commanded by Captain Carter. He, I believe, is a good officer, and controls his men; he is camped separate from his battalion and keeps his men in camp, and is generally in good repute through this county in which he is now located. Upon the application of the citizens of Russell I sent Captain Barrett with fifty men to Castlewoods,

