
guess-100,000 Sharps, 100,000 Burnside, and 60,000 Spencer; if you need more it can be sent. The Fifth Iowa will march out to report to you to-night, and 300 men of the Thirteenth Indiana. I have ordered Major Carland, Ninth Indiana, to take command of all the detachments that came in as guard to the train, to collect all stragglers, and send them to you as rapidly as possible. We have no mounted men except the detachment that General Thomas ordered to be mounted for courier duty. These are now on picket and patrolling he Lebanon, Murfreesborough, and other pikes. Our cavalry line stretches from in front of Camp Webster obliquely toward the city, and is expected to fall back across the brigade on the Lebanon pike to the rising ground just this side the creek and join General Miller's line. All the dismounted men we could get hold of have been armed with infantry musket, and the force you see on paper has been organized into companies of fifties and battalions of 300 and 400 men. I have been, of course, unable to communicate with you, for General Thomas could not tell where you would be.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Brentwood, December 1, 1864-11.30 a. m.

The command will march in the following order:

1. Fifth Division by the road north of Brentwood to Thompson's Chapel, forming behind the little stream at that place and on the right of the pike, facing south.

2. The Sixth Division and Croxton's brigade by the road in front of Brentwood to same place, forming across the pike.

3. General Hammond's brigade by road parallel with Winsted pike to Thompson's Chapel, forming on left of the pike, facing south.

All division commanders will keep out strong rear guards and watch the movements of the enemy, reporting promptly all information gained.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Five Miles from Nashville, December 1, 1864-7.30 p. m.

The Cavalry Corps will retire in the morning at 6 o'clock in the following order: Fifth Division by the right flank of brigade parallel with the pike; Sixth Division by the right flank on the pike, Croxton's brigade covering the rear; Seventh Division (Hammond's brigade) by the left flank parallel with the pike. The picket will be withdrawn in time to begin the movement with their commands, and will be deployed as skirmishers to cover the movement.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

JOHN N. ANDREWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

