
KNOXVILLE, TENN., December 6, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of last evening, just received, sets our minds at ease. Enemy have and fallen into Virginia and North Carolina, with but little opposition. Rumors, not reliable, that Bushord Johnson is on his way with a force down to Bristol. I will have the railroad destroyed in a few days, as you wish. I will him hit them a lick they are not prepared for. No news from Sherman. Bristol papers say Hood has whipped Thomas badly, and that Hood is on his way into Kentucky, where he will be joined by Longstreet. Have not seen the paper myself, but am so told by a person who says he saw it. I have every available man employed in completing and strengthening the lines around Knoxville. About forty officers who escaped from Columbia, S. C., have arrived here during the past two weeks. I can issue them rations and clothing, but the,aster here refuses to pay them. They are, of course, entirely destitute.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 6, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville:

Your dispatch of 10.30 p. m. 5th instant and 12.30 p. m. to-day are just received. If you can effectually destroy the railroad for twenty-five or thirty miles beyond the Virginia line, East Tennessee will, I think, then be perfectly secure from further invasion. After destroying the railroad and the salt-works, if you can, you had better draw your main force back to the vicinity of Knoxville for the defense of East Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville:

I approve of the first part of the plan proposed in your letter of November 26, viz, to push the enemy as far back as practicable into Virginia and destroyed the salt-works and railroad. I cannot decide as to further operations until affairs here take a more definite shape; therefore, do not undertake the other enterprise without further orders. Inform me by telegraph when you start, and keep me advised of your progress.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., December 6, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Bean's Station, Tenn.:

Dispatch received. Several days ago ordered scouts from Louisa to watch Stony, Pound, and Lousia Fork Gaps, also sent out from Mount Sterling on road to gaps. Will be vigilant, and in case of invasion, do all that is possible in defense.

McLEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

