
ordnance, naming exact amount; balance to Demopolis, to be subject to my orders. If those orders have miscarried, telegraph General Hood at Tupelo immediately for their repetition.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, January 21, 1865.

Colonel I. W. PATTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Spanish Fort:

COLONEL: I have ordered Lieutenant Elmore, of the Engineers, to send all the hands from Spanish Fort to this place to-day. This is to carry out instructions from General Maury to put up a new work on this side at once. I hope your lines are now secure, or, at least, in such condition that the troops can finish the necessary work. I directed Lieutenant Elmore to leave you a supply of tools. I am sorry I could not have Spanish Fort sodded, but the storm of two weeks ago interfered greatly with my plans by driving three of my flats high and dry on the marsh. General Maury is anxious to have the sub-terra shells placed in front of Numbers 2-Lieutenant Elmore can help you in that; also to have additional obstructions. I recommend a fraise in rear of the abatis, thus,* and pits in front of it. I would like to furnish you with wire, but hardly think it possible. I suppose by this time that your magazine is finished, slopes reverted with logs, traverses and embrasures all made, as indicated on my last visit. Please direct Lieutenant Elmor to have fascines made to replace the sand-bags, as they will not last long in this wet weather; also to have head-logs made and placed on the infantry parapets. The sand-bags when removed from the embrasures can be used to make loop-holes for infantry. Your men all understand these processes. I would have been over last week, and went as far as Blakely, but was brought back by General Taylor, who concluded to go no farther. Will have to go up to Choctaw Bluff in a day or so, and will visit you on my return.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

S. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel, &c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION,FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,

Numbers -. Near Buena Vista, January 21, 1865.

I. Lieutenant James Dinkins, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will report to Captain C. T. Smith, commanding escort, for duty with his company.

* * * * *

by order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

L. T. LINDSEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Diagram omitted.

---------------

