
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 6, 1864 - 10 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

You will make every possible exertion to destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, by which Hood's army is now supplied.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Commanding ar Cairo will forward this by a special messenger.

H. W. H.,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 6, 1864 - 10 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Memphis:

You will immediately endeavor to cut the Mobile and Ohio railroad so that Hood's army cannot be supplied by that route. Call on General Reynolds for assistance if necessary.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Commanding officer at Cairo will forward this by special messenger.

H. W. H.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of a letter dated 3rd instant, just received from Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Fill, commanding the District of Michigan, as it contains information of importance to all of our frontier bordering upon Canada. The information has been furnished by one of our most reliable detectives, and unusual confidence received by me. From the letter it will be seen that refugees and deserters from the rebel Confederacy are engaged in the manufacture of Creek fire from the rebel Confederacy are engaged in the manufacture of Creek fire at Windsor, in Canada, to facilitate their incendiary purposes. With regard to attacks from armed bodies of rebels, I feel much less apprehensive than from individual efforts to burn and plunder our cities, as my means of information are such that I hope to be able to anticipate the former. It is almost unnecessary for me to add that I have enjoined unceasing vigilance and activity on the part of the military and civil authorities throughout my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN,Detroit, Mich., December 3, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Northern Dept., Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to report that from information I have received I am satisfied that very extensive preparations are being made in

