
Canada for burning not only cities on the lakes, but others; and it is very necessary that great precaution and vigilance should be observed everywhere. I have the assurance that Creek fire is being prepared in Windsor. Buffalo, Cleveland, an this city will be the principal cities to be burned, and there will be armed attempts to rob and plunder; Cincinnati and Louisville are also mentioned. I am also informed that by some means a large number of rebel soldiers have been introduced into Canada; some, it is said, have been furloughed, and have made their wy through the lines, I have at this time very excellent means of obtaining information, and the only apprehension I have is that the persons in my employ may fail at the last moment. In this city I have called the attention of the hotel keepers to the necessity of observing great vigilance in regard to their guests, and the hotels are daily visited by a secret agent in my employ.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding District of Michigan.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, December 6, 1864 - 11.45 a. m.

Colonel B. J. SWEET,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Ill.:

The writ of habeas corpus has been suspended by proclamation of the President in all cases arrested by or charged with any offense against the Government when the officer having custody of the person makes affidavit that he is so held.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, ILL., December 6, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

The undersigned, having been appointed a committee with reference to public safety, would respectfully urge your presence here. Matters of the utmost importance in connection with the recent arrests seem to demand prompt and early action. Please answer in regard to your coming.

GEO. SCHNEIDER.

PETER PAGE.

S. JOHN.

J. L. HANCOCK.

C. P. J. ARCON.

CHAS. G. WICKER.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, December 6, 1864 - 11.45. a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel B. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Michigan, Detroit:

Can you learn locality in Windsor in which the preparations you speak of in your letter of the 3rd instant re being made?

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

