
DETROIT, December 6, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

I cannot give the place, but I am informed that some of the preparations were purchased in this city. I believe I will have a clue to whole affair.

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 7, 1864 - 10.20 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

You remember that when Steele was relieved by can by he was ordered to cairo to report to this Department. What shall be done with him? The order superseding Rosecrans by Didge has been issued. Thomas seems unwilling to attack because it is hazardous, as if all war was anything but hazardous. If he waits for Wilson to get ready, Gabriel will be blowing his last horn.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CITY POINT, VA., December 7, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

You probably saw my order to thomas to attack. If he does not do it promptly, I would recommend superseding him my Schofield, leaving Thomas subordinate. Steele is an admirable corps commander, and I would say order him to report to Canby until there is an opening to put him in command of a corps. I would have no abjection [and] would like General Steele appointed to command of Ninth Corps, and General Parke ordered to report to General Canby.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 7, 1864 - 5 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The Richmond Sentinel of to-day has the following quotation:

Intelligence received yesterday from East Tennessee announces the advance of Burbridge from kentucky, which was met on the part of General Breckinridge by a retrograde movement to Greenville, in order to protect his communications with the rear.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 7, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m. 8th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.

Your dispatch of 5 p. m. this day is just received. Major-General Stoneman telegraphed me yesterday that Breckinridge had fallen back. I have directed Stoneman to pursue him as far as he can into Virginia, breaking and destroying twenty-five or thirty miles of railroad, and also to destroy the salt-works if possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

