HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 7, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I made a through examination of the entire front of the Fourth Corps late this afternoon, with a view, first, to advancing the picket-line and, secondly, to developing, if possible, whether the enemy is in force in our immediate front. The examination led me to the conclusion that I could advance the picket-line on the right and left of the fortified ridge immediately in front of Colonel Streight's brigade, without much trouble or loss; but immediately in front of that ridge the skirmishers on both sides, in their entrenched holes, are only a short distance apart, and no advance, except in force, could be made with any hope of success. To take the ridge would necessarily be a much more serious affair than merely advancing the picket-line, and would probably require the movement of a considerable part of a division at least, if it is occupied with a force proportionable to the apparent strength of the works on it. It would be useless to advance the picket-line on the right and left of the ridge, beyond it, without also taking it, for the enemy remaining on the ridge could flank our advanced lines to the right and left of it. I consequently concluded, after a full examination, that it would not be judicious to make any movement of the picket-line this afternoon, and think it may not be judicious to make any movement until we are ready for final and decisive work. I rode out on the Hillsborough pike as far as our picket-line, and the examination strengthened the opinion that the enemy's entrenchments do not extend farther toward [sic] than the most westerly point of the ridge immediately in front of Colonel Streight's brigade. My opinion is that his works terminate on that ridge with a very short return, bearing in a southwesterly direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Nashville, Tenn., December 7, 1864.

Division commanders will at once have subsistence trains loaded to their utmost capacity with the following articles: Full ration of bread, sugar, coffee, salt, and salt meat, in proportion of two days in seven. Trains will be kept constantly loaded ready for an instantaneous movement. Arrangements will also be made so that, without interfering with the stores in trains, the troops may be constantly supplied with three days' rations. The remainder of the meat ration, five out of every seven days, will be carried on the hoof, and commissaries must make necessary arrangements for the cattle. Ordnance trains must be filled to their utmost capacity, and must be constantly supplied with sixty rounds in cartridge-boxes. Ten days' forage, at the rate of six pounds to the animal, will be kept constantly on hand, except for the artillery, which will take full forage. The order in regard to allowance of six pounds per animal will not apply while in camp. Animals will get full forage while the command is in camp.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

