HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., December 7, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Sixth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires to know if Lieutenant Smith, with his battery of the Fourth Artillery, has reported to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

Lieutenant Smith reported yesterday and brought his battery over to-day. I have instructed him to draw some more horses, so as to make the battery able to go where and when cavalry can go.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Edgefield, Tenn., december 7, 1864.

Colonel JAMES BIDDLE,

Commanding Sixth Indiana Cavalry:

General Johnson directs me to say that orders have been issued from the headquarters of Major-General Thomas some days since requiring you to report with your regiment at these headquarters. He desires you to report without delay, in order that so much as is practicable during the present delay here may be done toward refitting you.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GUN-BOAT BRILLIANT, Numbers 18,

Cairo, December 7, 1864 - 12 m.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps, Nashville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have just returned from a through scouring of the country, from the lower Gallatin landing back five miles and around to this place. At the same time I sent a strong party under Colonel Jackson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, into Lebanon. The information obtained by my party and his, after sifting and allowances, amounts to the same thing, viz: Breckinridge is expected at Lebanon with a large force, and is supposed to be now somewhere about Sparta on his way; and that Bifle has been near Lebanon, but has gone, not known here certainly. Th only force now in front of me is guerrilla, which pickets the river and watches me. There are a good of them, also a number of rebel soldier in squads of two or three. The force that chased my scouts on Sunday was citizens. The nearest large force we could hear of is one on Stone's River, supposed to be part of Cheatham's command. I heard from Sparta direct yesterday and day before; no force there then, or as far up as Livingston. I found the country all the way to Lebanon cleaned of horse; all run off to the rebel army; we only obtained eight of any account. Could find no indications of pontoons, only rumors, and only one spot et to examine. I believe that it would be well to have a picket opposite the mouth of Stone's River; the citizens

