
SWEETWATER, December 7, 1864 - 7.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General AMMEN:

Reliable man just in from near Madisonville reports between 75 and 150 rebels approaching Madisonville, and were at 4 o'clock within three miles of town. Captain Lyons, in command of the forces there, was then hurrying off his stores toward Loudon. It was reported rebels intended striking railroad at Sweetwater to-night. I have twelve men here with arms, but no ammunition. There is considerable corn stored here; also two cars on siding. Can you send some men from Loudon to-night?

G. M. LYONS,

Agent and Operator.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: A delegation of prominent citizens of Kentucky are now upon their way to Washington to urge upon you a change of policy in the military administration of their State. In view of which, I have the honor to submit the following conclusions relative to such administration at which I have arrived, after consultation with many influential citizens of different localities and of conflicting opinions:

I. - THE CONDITION OF THE STATE.

There is scarcely any security for person or property. In nearly every county guerrillas are destroying the property and taking the lives of all who have been, or now are, in the U. S. armies. The citizens are so bitterly arrayed against each other as to afford immunity, if not assistance, to these desperadoes, for each party is glad to see men of the other murdered. From this intestine hatred guerrillas have their origin and maintenance.

II. - TEMPER OF THE PEOPLE.

Kentucky remained in the Union to preserve slavery and avoid becoming the theater of war, although strongly in sympathy with the rebellious States. Being humored and favored for the first two years, many people avowed their devotion to the Union; but the moment that Government attempt to draft men or enlist negroes, the true feeling of these people was evinced. They resisted our officers, and became more violent in their denunciations of the administration than the original rebels. A large majority of Kentuckians are to-day undoubtedly disloyal.

III. - CHARACTER OF TROOPS IN KENTUCKY.

The forces consist almost entirely of regiments raised in the State for the term of one year's service within the State. They are generally distribute in very small detachments as soon as organized - never serving together as regiments. As a rule, their officers have little capacity and are entirely ignorant of their duties. There is neither drill nor discipline among the men; they are merely a uniformed mob. Serving at home with their local prejudices their own

