
interest instead of the country's. They do little to punish guerrillas - much against personal enemies. They capture few men in arms, but show their zeal in seizing unarmed people. Theu plunder largely at their own discretion. As a natural result their victims, with all their friends, become exasperated against the Government, and thus the very troops it employs to serve it prove its worst enemies. Not a regiment raised in Kentucky ought to serve in the State.

IV. - CIVIL ADMINISTRATION IN KENTUCKY.

Governor Bramlette prefers union to rebellion, but he loves slavery also. He has slender capacity, great vanity, and greater ambition. He hopes to gravity his aspirations for election to U. S. Senate by yielding to the presume bearing upon him from the slave interests in the State. He knows his people are disloyal, and so qualities his Unionism. His advisers do not conceal their hostility to enlisting negroes. The Governor's policy is simply self first, State second, Union last. But he has not backbone enough to make a direct issue with the Administration; therefore its policy need not be affected in any way by his views.

V. - MILITARY ADMINISTRATION.

Realizing the difficulties surrounding the military administration of affairs in this State, General Burnbridge has relied much upon the advice of others. Their prejudices and interests have at times led him astray, but his administration has been mainly a good one. He has shown some vacillation, attributable, no doubt, to his relying upon others. In matters purely military he appears to be somewhat lax. Everything seems to be in confusion. After making every allowance for the inefficiency of field and line officers under his command, there is evident want of capacity or energy. He is now heartily hated by a majority of people in the State, but that signifies nothing if he pursues a policy stringent and impartial. In all I have heard there is nothing to demand his removal, but the substitution of a man stronger in capacity and character would be an advantage.

VI. - SUGGESTIONS AS TO POLICY.

First It is absolutely necessary to crush out the guerrillas in the State. This may be effected by placing in each exposed county 100 good troops from another State, mounted and well officered.

Second. All troops raised in Kentucky should be assigned to duty elsewhere. They would become efficient, and there would be no objection to the Governor's organizing and officering them, and thus one great cause of complaint upon his part would be removed. No troops should be allowed in State service.

Third. Noisy and active sympathizers with rebels and rebellion should be dealt with most rigorously. Offenses should be clearly proved, and after proof, no relenting. Every distinction should be made in favor of active and tried Union men.

Fourth. The policy of the Administration should be rigidly enforced, and Kentucky feel herself governed, as she now is not either by civil or military authorities. If the Governor should array himself against the Administration, there should be no hesitancy in superseding him.

Very respectfully submitted, and I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. H. LUDINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

