
CITY POINT, VA., December 8, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. It looks to me evident the enemy are trying to cross the Cumberland River and are scattered. Why not attack at once? By all means avoid the contingency of a foot race to see which, you or Hood, can beat to the Ohio. If you think necessary, call on the Governors of States to send a force into Louisville to meet the enemy if he should cross the river. You clearly never should cross except in rear of the enemy. Now is one of the finest opportunities ever presented of destroying one of the three armies of the enemy. If destroyed, he never can replace it. Use the means at your command, and you can do this and cause a rejoicing that will resound from one end of the land to another.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 8, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

No material change has been discovered in the enemy's position to-day. He attempted to advance his picket-line on the Franklin road, but was driven back. With every exertion on the part of General Wilson, he will not able to get his force of cavalry in condition to move before Sunday. I have a report from the river as high up as Crathage; no body of the enemy can be seen or head of. I also have information that there is no enemy between Carthage and Albany, Ky. There are two iron-clads above Harpeth Shoals, on the Cumberland River, and Admiral Lee is at Clarksville with the Cincinnati. I have requested him to patrol the river from Clarksville to Harpeth, so as to discover and difficulty prevent any attempt of the enemy to cross below.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 8, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis:

Send all the troops you can spare to General Thomas by such route as you may deem best. They can be returned to you when required.

I think 5,000 men can be spared from Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 8, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

No change in position since last report. Enemy still in force in front, as was found out by reconnaissance, and a large artillery force upon south bank of the Cumberland below, between here and the Shoals. One of our gun-boats came to grief in exchange of iron at Bell's

7 R R - VOL XLV, PT II

