
NASHVILLE, December 8, 1864.

Acting Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Clarksville, Tenn.:

Your two dispatches just received. Under the circumstances I think it would be advisable to take the transports down with you, and will be obliged if you will convoy them.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CALRKSVILLE, TENN., December 8, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Since telegraphing you I have seen the harbor master, who informed me that this vessel cannot cross Davis' Ripple, and my pilots state that, unless I go down immediately, this deep-draught vessel cannot get out of the river, and will, in probability, have to remain all winter. I therefore now return down the river. Have seen the colonel commanding and offered to convoy what transports he may wish to send away, though General Donaldson's telegram provides for keeping them here. I will attend to General Lyon's force, which I am informed will attempt to cross the river below here. I deeply regret not having met a rise to allow a junction of my force to co-operate against the batteries which are now inaccessible to my iron-clads.

S. P. LEE,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

CLARKSVILLE, December 8, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

telegram received. I will take the convoy down as you desire, or will remain to take the chance of wintering here, if you think it justifiable.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

CLARKSVILLE, December 8, 1864 - 4.45 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your telegram received. I will cheerfully remain here, as you desire. Please inform Lieutenant-Commander Fitch, who has not communicated with me to-day, as he proposed, of this. Can you send a cipher operator here?

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 8, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Clarksville:

Your three dispatches - of 11 a. m., 12.30 p. m., and a latter dispatch, not timed - have juts been handed me. They were taken by one of my staff officers to follow me up while on the lines, and he has just returned.

