
I will start working parties to repair the Memphis and Charleston Railroad immediately, and would like you to examine the Somerville Branch and meet us at Mescow to-morrow with any hand cars that can be found.

I would be obliged to you if you would give me such information as you possess of the position of yours and McClernand's troops.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,June 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General DENVER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

SIR: You will march with your command early to-morrow morning on the State Line road to Moscow, examine into the state of damages on the memphis and Charleston road where it crosses the valley of Wolf River, and do all things possible to restore it to a running condition as soon as possible, to which end you are authorized to call upon palters in the neighborhood for negroes, oxen, wagons, or whatever is necessary to a speedy restoration of the road.

Two companies of Dickey's cavalry will be ordered to report to you this evening for orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 15, 1862.

Brigadier General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division, Grand Junction:

SIR: The chief purpose of our being here is to cover the reconstruction of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, so as to open up communication from Corinth by way of Jackson, Grand Junction, &amp;c., to Memphis. To this end I have called on the planters here for a force to repair two pieces of trestle-work destroyed here, and to-morrow General Denver will move forward to Moscow to commence the reapers there, and in anticipation of your arrival at Grand Junction I instructed Mr. Smith, and extensive planter there, to call upon his neighbors for a force adequate to repair the road up till he meets a party coming down.

I have already had a messenger at Bolivar, who reports two regiments of Lew. Wallace's command there under command of Colonel Sanderson, but his information about the railroad an telegraph repairs is so scant that I wish you would send up another party on that especial business and to urge forward telegraph as rapidly as possible. I look to you to picket strongly the Ripley road to the southeast and the Holly Springs road at Davis' Mill; also at once open a direct road from your camp to La Grange, if there be not already one.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-I sent to Somerville, where I supposed Lew. Wallance to be.

W. T. S.

