
enemy, I now fear alarms, hesitations, and doubt. You cannot be replaced out here, and it is too great a risk to trust a new man from the East. We are all the losers; you may gain, but I believe you would prefer to finish what you have so well begun.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 161. Corinth, Miss., July 16, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General McKean is assigned to the command of paroled prisoners at Benton Barracks, Saint Louis.

II. The District of West Tennessee, Major-General Grant commanding, will include the Districts of Cairo and Mississippi; that part of the State of Mississippi occupied by our troops, and that part of Alabama which may be occupied by the troops of his particular command, including the forces heretofore known as the Army of the Mississippi.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 162. Corinth, Miss., July 16, 1862.

The major-general commanding the department in giving up the immediate command of the troops now in the field and heretofore constituting the Armies of the Ohio, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Southwest desires to express to them his appreciation of the endurance, bravery, and soldierly conduct which they have exhibited on all occasions during the present campaign. As separate corps [they] won the memorable victories of Milford, Mill Springs, Pea Ridge, Fort Donelson, New Madrid, and Island Numbers 10, and when partially united they defeated the enemy in the bloody battle of Pittsburg and drove him from his intrenchments at Corinth. In the latter of these operations, and in the labor of repairing railroads, which the enemy had destroyed, the commanding general bears personal testimony of the good conduct of the troops, and of the cheerfulness and alacrity with which they endured the fatigues and hardships necessary to secure the great objects of the campaign.

The soldiers of the West have nobly done their duty and proved themselves equal to any emergency. The general commanding desires to express to the commanders of corps and their subordinate officers his warmest thanks for their cordial co-operation on all occasions.

Soldiers, you have accomplished much toward crushing out this wicked rebellion, and if you continue to exhibit the same vigilance, courage, and perseverance it is believed that under the providence of God you will soon bring the war to a close and be able to return in peace to your families and homes.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

