SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 136. Corinth, Miss., July 16, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General Morgan's division of the Army of the Mississippi will hold themselves in readiness to move to the east on the line of the Memphis and Charleston road, to relieve the command of Major-General Thomas, when directed to do so. All supplies that may be left at Eastport by General Thomas will be taken charge of and issued to the troops. For further supplies this place will be looked to. All the points now occupied by the troops of Major-General Thomas' command will be taken possession of by the troops relieving him.

II. Brigadier-General Morgan's division of the Army of the Mississippi will move at an early hour on Monday, the 21st instant, to the east, on the Memphis and Charleston road, and relieve the command of Major-General Thomas on duty guarding said road. The assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of the staff of General Morgan's division will proceed to Iuka and Eastport and relieve the assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of General Thomas' division. Brigadier-General Rosecrans will detach his largest regiment of cavalry to proceed with General Morgan.

By order of Major-General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 62. Corinth, Miss., July 17, 1862.

In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 161, from Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Corinth, Miss., July 16, 1862, the undersigned takes the command of all the troops embraced in the Army of the Tennessee, the Army of the Mississippi, and District of Mississippi and Cairo.

All reports and returns required by army regulations and existing orders will be made to the district headquarters, Corinth, Miss.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 53. Moscow, July 17, 1862.

I. The division will march to-morrow at early daylight on the State Line road westward in the following order: Denver's brigade, McDowell's brigade, Smith's brigade. The head of the column will halt beyond La Fayette at a distance to bring the rear of the column opposite the depot, and will rest until afternoon to enable McDowell's brigade, now at La Fayette, to fall into its appropriate place. The column will hold itself prepared to march the same evening to some point 5 or 6 miles beyond La Fayette for camp.

II. The second day's march will be in the order of McDowell's brigade, Smith's brigade, Denver's brigade. The third day's march, and until we reach our camp, back of Memphis: Smith's brigade, Denver's brigade, McDowell's brigade.

III. More attention must be given to keeping the artillery and trains closed up on the infantry masses. In no case during a march should teamsters attempt to water their teams unless a general halt for noon or

