
night be made. Should a wagon become disabled it must at once be moved out of the road and the trains pass on. The disabled wagon, with its guard after repairing damages, will fall in and recover its place at the next noon or night halt. Brigade and regimental quartermasters must be with their trains all the time, and will see that the wagon guards keep near their respective wagons and carry their arms and accouterments.

IV. The division train and the ammunition train must follow the train of the first or leading brigade. The rear brigade will send its train in advance of the infantry. The leading brigade will always keep out an advance guard of two companies, with skirmishers in front and on the flanks when there is an appearance of danger; also a company with axes and spades to repair bridges when necessary. The rear brigade keeps out a rear guard to pick up stragglers. The cavalry will send the wagon train in advance of the last infantry brigade, but will serve as a rear guard during the march. The artillery will be assigned to brigades by the chief of artillery for the purpose of the march, but any battery may at any moment be called out of its place for special service.

V. Officers and men must not have their ranks on a march or at a halt without the permission of their colonels, and then only for a necessary purpose. The march will be steady and no long stretches. It is far easer for the soldier to keep his place than to follow the winding and rough paths by the wayside or in the adjoining fields; besides, each regiment must at all times be ready for action. Servants and unarmed men must follow in the rear of each regiment, and the time to fill canteens is the night before the march. Should the days be hot it is better to wait for the first halt before making coffee. Each man should have at all times in his haversack bread and meat enough for two days.

With these rules and care on the part of officers having charge of wagon trains there is no difficulty in making the day's march in six or seven hours, divided between to cool of the morning and evening.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 18, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth:

I have just telegraphed Thomas, inquiring if there are not points south of the road where our troops massed could cover the front, preserve discipline, and damage the rebel bands who come up on adventures and mischief. I am fully satisfied that, with a strong nucleus at Tupelo, waiting attack or opportunity for mischief, they have sent considerable to Vicksburg, with an intermediate point above Grenada, and detached a strong column toward Mobile and Richmond, while another under Price has gone toward Chattanooga or Rome. They cover their front by cavalry and guerrillas. They have a desert country of dry ravines and rough ridges on their front below us, and can move much better toward Fulton or westward by their front.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

