
BETHEL, TENN., July 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General LOGAN:

A man sent in for the purpose reports that a company of guerrillas are in are in Henderson County, this side of Decaturville. They are there to prevent a company from Farmington joining Union Tennessee regiment, and have killed one Union man and have many under arrest. Wiley Miller or James Farmington, at Decaturville, can show where they can be found. My cavalry is all out on duty or I would send them over there.

W. W. SANFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Bethel.

JACKSON, July 18, 1862.

Colonel SANFORD, Commanding:

Your dispatch is received, and forces will be started in the morning to attend to it.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUMBOLDT, July 19, 1862.

General LOGAN:

The information amounts to about this: Colonel Bryant has received word from cotton-buyers and citizens resident that at a place distant about 14 miles from here, in a southwestern direction, and 10 miles from Jackson, in a northwesterly direction, at a place called Poplar Grove or Poplar Corners, is a band of guerrillas 1,600 strong, with three pieces of artillery. He seems impressed that there is a party there, of what number he is not certain. He started one company of cavalry this morning to reconnoiter in that direction. If they arrive before I get a chance to leave I will report.

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 19, 1862.

General ASBOTH, Rienzi:

The brigade of infantry and battery ordered from here to Rienzi has been ordered to return to this camp. The general commanding directs that two good companies of infantry and battery of artillery report to Colonel Sheridan until further orders.

W. L. ELLIOTT,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Trenton, July 19, 1862.

Brigadier General I. F. QUINBY, Columbus:

The guerrillas are pressing me, and I am using all my cavalry force against them. We have been without shoes for horses for a long time, and it renders one-half of the force unfit for service. Cannot you push

