
through on to-morrow's train horseshoes for Second Illinois Cavalry? My cavalry are on the move from Humboldt, Trenton, Kenton, and Union City, with orders to wipe out guerrillas and cotton-burners, to disarm all known rebels in Dyer, Obion, and all the country bordering the Obion swamps. I have ordered increase of guards at bridges.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier General.
HEADQUARTERS, Trenton, July 19, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE E. BRYANT, Humboldt:

I have ordered a battery to you and one company of cavalry. If the enemy have a camp within that distance, pitch into them as soon as forces arrive. In mean time send out your cavalry to get their position. Use them up before they get settled. Disarm all the known rebels in the country around you and in the line of march of your cavalry. Have the arms turned over to you. Look out that your forces do not meet the forces sent from here west and southwest.

G. M. DODGE,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 19, 1862.

Colonel F. D. CALLENDER,

Chief of Ordnance, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Our cavalry is diminishing in numbers by contests with the superior rebel numbers on a front of 60 miles in extent. It is vitally important that they be mounted and armed well. The latter, if promptly done, will give temporary relief. Twelve hundred and fifty Colt's army revolvers and 1,100 carbines or revolving rifles are required for the cavalry division. For the country's sake, provide for this without delay. The cost and risk to which the Government is daily subjected for want of these arms are such that impossibility or imbecility alone could refuse or delay the supply.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 185. July 19, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to First Brigade, Fourth Division, and will report to Brigadier General J. C. Davis, U. S. Volunteers, for duty.

II. The Eighth Regiment Kansas Volunteer Infantry is assigned to First Brigade, and the Fifteenth Wisconsin to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, and will proceed without delay to that division.

* * * * * *

IV. The First Division will proceed to relieve General Thomas' division on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, between Iuka and Decatur. It will take its ammunition and all the forage and subsistence practicable with its present means of transportation and forward its camp and garrison equipage by rail, accompanied by a suitable detail under a competent officer for guard and fatigue duty.

