
MEMPHIS, July 20, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Arrived this morning. Left my troops at a good camp 9 miles out. Came in to select good camp. Will dispatch General Hovey's infantry force to Helena, and enforce your orders about rent of stores; also will communicate your request to the senior commander of the Navy as to destruction of all boats from the north line of Tennessee to Vicksburg.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 55. Memphis, Tenn., July 20, 1862.

In consequence of the total absence of water fit for man or beast at any point near Memphis, save in wells, which are barely adequate to supply the inhabitants, the two divisions under my command will be forced to camp in compact order in and around Fort Pickering, on the river bank, 2 miles south of Memphis.

The Fifth Division will march in the order prescribed early to-morrow into Memphis. On reaching the outer pickets, about 2 miles out, the wagon trains will be ordered to halt and clear the road, and each brigadier will march his brigade in good order straight to the west to Main street, one square east of the levee, then turn south down Main street to Fort Pickering. General Smith's brigade will not enter the fort, but camp some 300 yards to its front or east.

General Denver's and Colonel McDowell's brigades will enter the fort, the former taking the south half and latter the north half of the ground inside the lines of unfinished trenches.

All the brigadiers after selecting the ground for their regiments will send an officer of each regiment back to conduct their train of wagons to camp. General Hurlbut will also pass the column of halted wagons and leave his in like manner behind, to be sent for after the selection of camp, and will pursue the same line of march, viz, down Poplar street to Main, down Main to the fort and camp of Colonel Woods' brigade to the right, and choose camp in the woods next below Colonel Woods' brigade, near the river.

The brigade and regimental quartermasters must remain with their trains, and when the infantry has passed them will, without further orders, follow the column until met by an officer of their respective colonels to conduct them to camp.

There is no use attempting to get water until the river is reached at Fort Pickering, where of course it is abundant in the Mississippi. Every effort should be made to make the march in the cool of the morning as far as possible.

Cavalry will remain and escort the wagon train into camp and then choose their own.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Trenton, Tenn., July 21, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

I have but one report from my cavalry parties sent out; that is a rumor from Big Obion. It is said we have had a small fight 25 miles

