HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,Bethel, Tenn., June 15, 1862.

Major General LEW WALLACE, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch dated June 12, 1862, announcing your safe arrival at Union Station, was received last evening by courier. I am directed by General McClernand to say that he congratulates you on the success of your expedition and its safe arrival at a point where you can readily reach supplies, you having been advised by a previous dispatch to draw your supplies for that part of your command from Memphis as soon as it was practicable to do so. To-day we are moving our headquarters to Jackson, at which point you will communicate with me by telegraph from the nearest point. At present the telegraph is working to Bolivar.

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Grand Junction:

GENERAL: Yours of this morning has been received and ready to the general, who is quite unwell and trying to keep quiet. He is glad to know that you have got through so well. Forage you must obtain by purchase from the people of the country; give receipts for the articles taken, which the owner will hand to the division quartermaster and receive vouches. We cant send you a portion of our train to furnish subsistence until communication opens.

General Denver has moved his entire brigade up to Moscow, where he will attend to the repairs of the road.

Move your cavalry and one of your brigades this afternoon toward Holly Springs; take none but the best marching men that you have and as little baggage as possible. Go 10 miles to-night, and to-morrow morning, starting very early, move 15 miles, reaching Holly Springs at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. General Morgan L. Smith and Dickey's cavalry will move at the same time.

Destroy, if not already destroyed, an important trestle-work which you will find below Holly Springs.

General M. L. Smith will receive similar instructions, and will be directed to meet the commander whom you delegate to carry our these orders at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning at the depot in Holly Springs. When the brigades come together they will act in concert an the senior officer will assume the command, but when the objects are effected the troops will return, each command under its own leader.

General Wallace has gone on to Memphis. Send one section of artillery, picked, with an extra team to each gun.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Ten., June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General MORGAN L. SMITH, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that the objects and intentions discussed this morning by him and you will be carried

