
down the Obion. Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, with five companies, is in that vicinity. At Key Corners they are in force, but by to-night will have left or been attacked.

My fears now are from the Tennessee River. A large band is forming there, I expect, to clear them out west in time to mass my cavalry and meet that band before they get very near to me. I am very much opposed to weakening my cavalry force now, if it can be avoided. We have all the important bridges to hold, with no surplus force at any place, while south of me they have divisions and brigades at points on the road.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Trenton, July 21, 1862.

Brigadier General I. F. QUINBY, Columbus, Ky.:

I have 900 effective cavalry, with the worst guerrilla country to take care of on line of road. All my cavalry are now out, and it is very dangerous to take any away. The guerrillas are determined to give us work. A large force is between here and the Tennessee River, but I have no force to send after them until my cavalry returns. If you send any, the battalion of Curtis' Horse better go, or three companies of Sixth Illinois. The Curtis Horse is thoroughly posted around Humboldt, and I do not like to spare them. Cannot some of the cavalry on the river be pushed out after the guerrillas, or also sent to me.

G. M. DODGE,Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, July 21, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Colonel Leggett telegraphs me that Jackson's cavalry is within 6 miles of him; that Chalmers is at Burk's Spring, 15 miles, with cavalry and infantry, and that they express intentions of attacking Grand Junction and think of attacking Jackson.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BOLIVAR, July 21, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Colonel Leggett wants a couple of rifled cannon and infantry to support them. I have no cannon of that kind and no infantry to spare. Can you furnish them?

How soon can I have additional cavalry force?

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 56. Memphis, Tenn., July 21, 1862.

The undersigned hereby assumes command in Memphis and vicinity. All orders issued by my predecessor will be respected and enforced.

