
Staff officers stationed at Memphis will report at once in writing, giving full information as to the condition of their departments and the locatio of their officers.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 57. Memphis, July 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General Hovey, with all the infantry regiments of his former command, will immediately embark for Helena, Ark., there to report for orders to Major General S. R. Curtis. The chief quartermaster at Memphis will provide steamboats at once, using boats bound up the river if the nature of their business be not of too much importance. He will notify General Hovery when one or more boats are ready that they at once be freighted.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROSECRANS', July 22, 1862.

General GRANT:

Have consulted with Granger. We have one brigade cavalry gone to Tuscumbia; the other can muster about 650 or 700, but they are so distributed down on the front toward Booneville and Blackland and Marietta that they could not be assembled in time for a night march before to-morrow night. A day march would defeat our purpose. Seven hundred cavalry can be got ready for a march to-morrow night by stripping our front for the time being. Should you deem this expedient under the circumstances it will be desirable to know from the guide if there be a road by which we can come in below Ripley and avoid the Hatchie Crossing, where they unquestionably have a picket, and, as I was yesterday informed, had burned the bridges. Please send over the guide, from whom we may get some valuable local information.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp near Rienzi, Miss., July 22, 1862.

Brigadier General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I posted the Seventh Kansas at Jacinto yesterday. I do not think there is any great necessity for having cavalry stationed at that point. There are only three avenues of approach to Jacinto from the south-one via the Fulton road, intersecting the Tuscumbia road at or near Davenport east of Jacinto. At that point General Davis has a force which would hold with perfect security the largest army the enemy could bring to bear from that direction; the place is a very strong one. The second approach is by the Booneville and Jacinto road and Marietta and Jacinto road, both of which interest the Memphis and Tuscumbia road a short distance west of Jacinto, at which point Gen-

