
eral Davis has a force that is entirely sufficient; this position is also a very strong one. The third approach is an obscure road leading directly south from Jacinto, intersecting the Pontotoc road about 10 miles south of Jacinto. On this last-mentioned road I encamped the Seventh Kansas about 1 mile south of Jacinto.

General Davis has all of these roads as well picketed that it was not deemed necessary to establish cavalry pickets in the advance, and the only work required of the Seventh Kansas would be to send out a scouting party every day, so as to give warning of any advance of the enemy in force. I think that General Davis is abundantly able to hold his position against any force that the enemy can bring on a general battle at that point; in case of an attack he has plenty of roads on which to retreat in case of necessity.

I respectfully offer these remarks as the impressions I received from my observations yesterday, and ask your advice as to the policy of moving the regiment nearer to me, where it would be more in hand.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, July 22, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the commanding general. I have ordered the Seventh Kansas Cavalry to join the brigade near Rienzi.

G. GRANGER,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 141. Corinth, Miss., July 22, 1862.

* * * * * *

III. Major-General Ord, commanding United States forces at Corinth, Miss., will have all the cavalry in his command in readiness to march to-morrow evening, with three days' rations and one day's forage. He will report to these headquarters as early as practicable the number of such cavalry as are available.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 58. Memphis, July 22, 1862.

All houses inside the new fort must be forthwith vacated by families or persons not constituting a party of its garrison. Under no pretext must any woman or family be allowed to sojourn inside the fort which must be strictly military, all non-combatants excluded.

A military board, to be composed of Lieutenant-Colonel Loudon, Seventieth Ohio; Major Fearing, Seventy-second Ohio, and Major Fisher, of the Fifty-fourth Ohio, will assemble immediately in the fort and will

