SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 142. Corinth, July 23, 1862.

* * * * * *

V. The general hospital at Jackson will be allowed to retain such amount of black labor as the surgeon in charge may decide as being absolutely necessary to perform such menial service as should not be put upon soldiers. In getting this kind of labor such persons will be taken as are free by act of Congress if possible, and if not they will be hired from owners at a reasonable rate of compensation, to be fixed by council of administration, and should owners object they will be pressed into service and not returned or paid for until proof of loyalty is shown.

Proper diet will be procured from the surrounding country for the sick, to be paid for at reasonable rates, fixed by council of administration, if acceded to by the citizens; if not acceded to by them, by forced contribution. This order is made applicable to all general hospitals within this district outside of the loyal States.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DIST. OF JACKSON, TENN., Jackson, July 24, 1862.

Colonel NEVINS,Commanding Eleventh Illinois Vols. and Cav. Detachment:

You will proceed at once with your command to Lexington, Tenn., and make that place the base of your operations and encamp there until otherwise ordered. You will enforce strict military discipline and order in your camp by keeping your command together and not allowing them to straggle outside your lines. You will use your utmost endeavors to protect the rights of private property, suffering nothing to be taken except what is absolutely necessary for your command, and only then by paying or agreeing to pay to the owner a just compensation for the same. You will keep a vigilant guard posted around your camp to prevent surprise, and also to prevent your men from straggling outside the lines.

Information has just been received that a cavalry force of the enemy in scouring the country on this side of the Tennessee River, opposite Perryville. I desire you to send the cavalry daily in that direction to ascertain what is there, and that you move forward to their support if necessary, using proper precautions, and attack the enemy if there without delay, unless you find them to have a superior force over yours, in which case you will let me know by sending a mounted orderly to report.

The cavalry will be entirely under your control, and you will give them the same instructions as herein given you. I desire you to use your endeavors to cultivate a conservative, friendly feeling with the people where you may be. You will report to me your operations from time to time, and any other information that you may see proper to communicate to these headquarters. You will enlist and swear into service all of the proper age and able-bodied men who may wish to enlist.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

