
BOLIVAR, July 24, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Colonel Leggett moved at dawn this morning. His pickets were driven in last night from La Grange by infantry and cavalry. I have forwarded a strong support and have just received the following:

All well. My command now in motion. I apprehend a little annoyance from cavalry, but nothing serious.

LEGGETT.

The office at Grand Junction is closed. We are out of sugar and meat. Captain Lebo has been unable to have his supplies forwarded. Will you please give us assistance in this matter and have them forwarded to-day if possible?

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1862.

SAMUEL SAWYER, Esq., Union Appeal:

DEAR SIR: It is well I should come to an understanding at once with the press as well as the people of Memphis, which I am ordered to command, which means control for the interest, welfare, and glory of the whole Government of the United States.

Personalities in a newspaper are wrong and criminal. Thus, though you meant to be complimentary in your sketch of my career, you make more than a dozen mistakes of facts, which I need not correct as I don't desire my biography till I am dead. It is enough for the world to know that I live and am a soldier, bound to obey the orders of my superiors, the laws of my country, and to venerate its Constitution; that when discretion is given me I should exercise it and account for it to my superiors.

I regard your article headed "City Council, General Sherman, and Colonel Slack" as highly indiscreet. Of course no person who can jeopardize the safety of Memphis can remain here, much less exercise public authority, but I must take time and be satisfied that injustice be not done.

If the parties named be the men you describe, the fact should not be published to put them on their guard and encourage their escape. The evidence should be carefully collected, authenticated, and then placed in my hands.

But your statement of facts is entirely qualified in my mind and loses its force by your negligence of very simple facts within your reach as to myself. I had been in the army six years in 1846; am not related at all to any member of Lucas, Turner &amp; Co.; was associated with them six years instead of two; am not colonel of the Fifteenth Infantry, but of the Thirteenth.

Your correction this morning, as to the acknowledged error as to General Denver, is still erroneous.

General M. L. Smith did not belong to my command a Shiloh at all, but was transferred to me just before reaching Corinth.

I mention these facts in kindness, to show you how wrong it is to speak of persons.

I will attend to the judge, mayor, board of aldermen, and pol cemen all in good time.

