
Use your influence to re-establish system, order, government. You may rest easy that no military commander is going to neglect internal safety as well as to guard against external danger, but to do right requires time, and move patience than I usually possess is necessary. If I find the press of Memphis actuated by high principle and a sole devotion to their country I will be their best friend; but if I find them personal, abusive, dealing in innuendoes and hints at a blind venture, and looking to their selfish aggrandizement and fame, then they had better look out, for I regard such as greater enemies to their country and mankind than the men who, from a mistaken sense of State pride, have taken muskets and fight us about as hard as we care about.

In haste, but in kindness, yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 143. Corinth, Miss., July 24, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General J. B. S. Todd, at his own request, is hereby relieved from duty with this army. He will report in person or by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The next officer in rank in his division will immediately take command.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 61. Memphis, July 24, 1862.

Travel into and out of Memphis by carriage, wagon, horse, or foot in the usual course of business will be as free and unobstructed as is consistent with a state of war. To farmers, planters, and business men, with their families and servants, free intercourse will be permitted without passes or any hinderance, save the right of examination and even search when the officer of the guard judges it proper and necessary.

This travel must be by daylight, and no exception to the rule will be permitted, save to market and supply carts, which may enter an hour before day, provided they are known to the officer of the guard. Wagons leaving town with an undue proportion of any one article of commodity will be stopped, and if found engaged in illicit trade or deception the road guard will send it to this brigadier, who will take the wagon and contents and imprison the parties implicated if he entertain even strong suspicion.

Travel is limited to the following roads:

1. Raleigh road.

2. State Line road.

3. Pigeon Roost and Byhalia road.

4. Hernando road.

5. Horn Lake road.

A small guard charged with this duty will be stationed on each of these roads about 3 miles from the city, at some house by the roadside, where all travelers will pause or stop until they receive a signal to pass. Written instructions from headquarters will be given from time to time

