
to these guards, and when any officer announces to it traveler his decision it must be instantly obeyed, however inconsistent it may appear with the spirit of this order.

Cavalry patrols and pickets and infantry guards posted for other purposes will not molest the regular travel, but all such pickets and guards will promptly arrest and send to the provost-marshal all persons attempting to enter or depart by any other road and at any other time or manner than is herein prescribed.

Brigadier-General Hurlbut is charged with the execution of this order as to the Horn Lake road, the Hernando road, and Pigeon Roost road, and Brigadier-General Smith as to the State Line and Raleigh roads. Details of one commissioned and one non-commissioned officer and three men will be sufficient for each road-details permanent or weekly at the pleasure of the brigadier, who will strengthen the guard under special instructions or when in his judgment it should be necessary.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 62. Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1862.

The following is announced as the stations of the troops in and near Memphis:

General Denver's brigade in the south half of Fort Pickering, facing east.

Colonel McDowell's brigade in the north half of Fort Pickering, facing east.

General Smith on the State Line road, about 3 miles out from Memphis, facing east, and a regiment detached to the right and left with easy communications to brigade headquarters.

General Veatch's brigade south of Fort Pickering, on a line extending from the Horn Lake road to the river, facing south.

General Lauman's brigade nearly on a line with General Veatch's, toward the east, with its left resting on or near the Hernando road, facing south.

General Hurlbut is charged with guarding the front, from the river around by the south and east to the Charleston and Memphis Railroad.

Brigadier-General Smith is charged with the front, from Wolf River to the Charleston and Memphis road, connecting with General Hurlbut there, at some point hereafter to be designated by the general commanding in person.

One regiment, to be detailed from General Denver's and McDowell's brigades weekly and alternately, will be quartered in the city, to act under special instructions as a provost guard, General Denver making the first detail to-day.

Each brigade will furnish a daily guard of at least 200 men, with a due proportion of officers and a brigade officer of the day. This guard, under the direction of their respective brigadiers, will be posted at some strong position, to be changed from time to time, at least 1 mile from their brigade fronts (excepting the brigades in the fort). From this main guard will be sent forward another mile picket guards to watch roads, paths, or any manner of approach, with vedettes along such avenues of approach.

From the main brigade guards, under the respective officer of the day, will also be frequently sent out active patrols to visit the advance

