
out. General Hurlbut has been instructed to detach his cavalry and one brigade to march 10 miles to-night and 15 in the morning, so as to reach Holly Springs depot at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. He will take one picked section of artillery. Your instructions are nearly the same as his. You will select your best marching troops and as little baggage as possible. Use your own judgment as to artillery, by the general advises that you take only one section, and that the best, and put to it two extra horses to facilitate movements in case of rough roads. Endeavor to reach Holly Springs at 10 a. m. to-morrow and meet General Hurlbut's troops at the depot there.

After the junction, and until the trestle-work below the town is destroyed and the object of the expedition effected, the troops will act in concert and be under the command of the senior officer present. When the return commences they will march under their own officers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,On Scott's Creek, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Hurlbut, commanding division to accompany Special Orders, Numbers 107, inclosed,* with instructions as follows:

To take none but the best marching men and as little baggage as possible. At Holly Springs, at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, General Morgan L. Smith and Dickey's cavalry will meet you. The brigades coming together will act in concert, the senior officer assuming command.

You will destroy, if it be not already destroyed, an important trestle-work which you will find below Holly Springs.

When the object of the expedition is effected the troops will return, each brigade or command under its own leader.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HALLECKS' HEADQUARTERS, June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The railroad east has been repaired to near Tuscumbia, and troops are at work from that point to Decatur; it is open to the north as far as Trenton, 84 miles, and to the west via Jackson to La Grange, within 49 miles of Memphis. General Quinby is working south from Columbus, and is reported to be within 30 miles of Trenton. Our troops are in possession of the road from Humboldt to Memphis, but cannot yet ascertain its condition. The repair of captured locomotives and cars is progressing rapidly. I am mounting our heavy siege artillery in batteries, so as to enable us to hold this place with a smaller force and to send a part of our troops elsewhere.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

