
nor where is General Thomas. Full information is the soul of military life.

As to supplies, provide at once details to load and guard the trains, so as to do it without failure, slackness, or disorder. Organize reconnoitering parties to explore the passes by which your front can be covered. Notify General McPherson and these headquarters what you have done to insure the prompt loading and unloading of the trains.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 25, 1862.

General U. S. GRANT, Corinth:

General Morgan has reached Tuscumbia, and halts there, demanding 100 wagons in addition to his present train before proceeding beyond that point.

General McPherson says he can transfer 50 tons per day along that road, if it be loaded and unloaded promptly and the road protected. But a train was cut off last night from returning by the destruction of a bridge east of Tuscumbia, and a party of infantry, probably Thomas', attacked and probably captured 500 rebel cavalry at Courtland.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

ROSECRANS', July 26, 1862.

General GRANT:

General McPherson says we can supply Morgan on conditions stated. I have telegraphed Morgan that if he cannot protect the railroad train he cannot protect wagon train beyond Tuscumbia; that therefore he should halt at that point, up to which he can so cover his line until such dispositions as are needed can be made. There is no object in pushing his troops beyond the point where he can protect the railroad yet known to me; on the contrary. As soon as I hear from him will telegraph you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, July 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND:

The cotton speculators are quite clamorous for aid in getting their cotton away from Middleburg, Hickory Valley, &amp;c., and offer to pay liberally for the service. I think I can bring it away with safety, and make it pay to the Government. As some of the Jew owners have as good as stolen the cotton from the planters, I have no conscientious scruples in making them pay liberally for getting it away.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, July 25, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

I have information, which I consider reliable, that on the night of 23rd about 100 cavalry passed through Estanaula, crossing the ferry at that

