
old divisions entire; Wallace's seems to be broken up in a measure, and some of McClernand's seem to be adrift.

I hesitated long in sending Slack's regiment, and insisted on General Hovey furnishing the original of General Grant's dispatch, of which I kept a copy. All were slow in moving, but got off yesterday morning and are now doubtless at Helena. I have Wallace's artillery and cavalry.

As soon as General Hovey drew in his pickets I sent a brigade (Morgan L. Smith's) out on the State Line road 3 miles, with orders to establish a main guard 1 mile farther out, and pickets and vedettes extending another mile, and cavalry to scout and patrol out to White's Station, 9 miles out.

I quartered two brigades inside of Fort Pickering, with orders to push the work on which they are now engaged. About 750 negroes and all soldiers who are under punishment or are arrested by the provost guard will be made to work on the fortifications.

General Hurlbut's division is encamped south of Fort Pickering, right on the Mississippi, left on the Hernando road, with orders to picket the Pigeon Roost, Hernando, and Horn Lake roads. In this manner I cover all approaches and at the same time push the construction of the fort. Captain Prime, sent here by General Halleck, returned yesterday to Corinth and will have reported to you his opinions as to the mode of making Memphis a secure depot of troops and supplies; he does not contemplate a line of redoubts, but a strong fort on the side of old Fort Pickering, on the southern edge of the city, with a battery looking back upon the city.

On my arrival I was somewhat embarrassed by an order (Numbers 1) of General Hovey, in regard to persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five. I doubted the propriety of allowing such to go South, untrammeled by even a parole, whereas they are by the law of the Confederacy conscript soldiers and have doubtless gone to the army. Such should have been made to take a parole and then go South or North.

All in Memphis who are hostile to us should be compelled to leave, for so long as they remain correspondence will go on; and in case of military movements they will manage to convey the information to their friends. But if all who are not our friends are expelled from Memphis but few will be left. I will do nothing hastily; only if any persons manifest any active hostility I will deal with them summarily.

Your orders that when the head of a family is in the South the family too must go I will enforce. And I have said that when any man feels and entertains hostility to us and favor to our enemies it is a breach of honor to remain, and shall, if necessary, be so regarded.

I have issued an order limiting travel to daylight and to the five principal roads, on each of which I will post a small permanent guard, with nothing to do but watch the travel. By giving special instruction to these guards I am satisfied we can protect ourselves against spies and illicit trade more perfectly than by the usual system of provost-marshal passes.

I have, pursuant to your order, ordered the quartermaster to employ a suitable agent to take possession of all vacant buildings, register them and rent them for account of whom it may concern, keeping a true account current with each piece of property and accounting for rents to the quartermaster. I have also had all the negroes registered and will cause a time-table to be kept of their work, so that this matter may also admit of final settlement. There are squads of guerrillas in the country, but I cannot hear of any real force. A negro reports the arrival at

