
BOLIVAR, July 26, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Captain Townsend has just returned from Middleburg. The enemy, from 500 to 800, but estimated by the citizens and negroes at a much higher number, left Middleburg at about 1 o'clock and moved southwest, toward Moscow. Four of a foraging party were captured by the enemy about 7 miles from here. I cannot suppress them. I have no knowledge of their present location.

L. F. ROSS,

Commanding.

BOLIVAR, July 26, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

I have to-day had a careful examination made into the condition of our cavalry force here. We have total 340 fit for duty; about 103 quite poor.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, July 27, 1862.

General GRANT:

Sheridan's cavalry will attack Ripley from three directions to-morrow morning. If the attack from the south, which have the longest rod, is a little it will make no difference, as the rebels will fall back in their road.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

ROSECRANS', July 27, 1862.

General GRANT:

Colonel Sheridan sends to-night one regiment cavalry to Hatchie Crossing to dash into Ripley at daylight and then strike the Ripley and Fulton road, 12 miles south of Ripley. The Third, with the battery and two companies infantry, goes to Blackland, and the cavalry advance on the rebel pickets toward Carrollville and Ellistown, while Ord's cavalry goes via Kossuth and Ruckersville, on the Ripley and Pocahontas road, and attacks Ripley from the north. The whole Ripley force then moves south and joins Sheridan at Blackland.

Nothing especial from Morgan, except a terribly grumbling letter at the misbehavior of Thomas' troops at Courtland. Three companies of our cavalry had a skirmish with rebel cavalry southwest of Courtland, in which we lost 23 killed, wounded, and missing. No further particulars, except all safe.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, July 27, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

I am surrounded by a large force. Two thousand infantry, said to be the advance guard, were at La Grange yesterday morning. Cavalry are on all sides, said to be 5,000 strong. They have also plenty of artillery. We shall have a fight.

ROSS.

