
BOLIVAR, July 27, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

I have all our teams engaged in hauling cotton for fortifications. By morning they will be in good condition for us.

Our pickets have been fired on, on the two roads leading west, but all quiet at present.

The citizens nearly all wish to leave, but I have refused to allow them to do so for fear of their carrying information. I may let them go in the morning. Had I better do so?

ROSS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General MORGAN:

I observe by your dispatch to General Elliott that you are pushing your corps eastward, but in your dispatch to me you do not state, so explicitly as I could wish, your grounds. You will observe that your original instructions about relieving General Thomas have been so far modified that you are desired to send your troops only as far east as you can successfully cover and use the railroad. The principle of our movement is that the railroad is made subservient to us, not our forces to the railroad.

Send me some sketch of the country.

Two hundred and seventeen sick and 50 wagon loads of stuff of your division go by train east this morning.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

FORT HEIMAN, July 27, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Last night I received the following dispatch, viz:

CHANDIT [?],

-------

26.

W. W. LOWE, Commanding Fort Henry:

I have just received a communication from reliable Union men of Eddyville, who have fled to the woods, stating that a band of some 150 or 200 are near Eddyville, and contemplate an attack on that place, and that this office and the men guarding the line are in great danger of being attacked immediately. An officer in the rebel army was in Eddyville this p. m. holding a consultation with secesh citizens.

Most of the Union citizens have taken to the woods. I am asked to urge upon you to send a force to that place. I think it very important that the force at this place and Fingo [?] Station should be increased without delay. Strange and suspicious looking persons have been seen near here yesterday and to-day.

R. B. GRIFFIN,

Military Telegraph Operator.

From this it will be seen that the small force here is inadequate to the demands. I at once had all that could be spared sent down 40 miles by boat.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

