SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 147. Memphis, July 27, 1862.

The Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Grierson, will to-morrow morning proceed on a scout toward Germantown, going by the State Line road and returning by the Pigeon Roost or Holly Springs road. The commanding officer will proceed with great caution, falling upon and destroying or making prisoners all in arms, and arresting and bringing in all known to be aiding or abetting the public enemy.

Three days' rations for the men will be taken along, but the horses will be foraged in the country. When forage is taken a receipt may be given, to be settled for in Memphis on the party proving his loyalty.

The scouting party will examine the country from Wolf River to the Pigeon Roost road. The Eleventh Illinois Cavalry will in like manner proceed to scout the country between the Pigeon Roost road and the river, going out well toward Hernando, breaking up and destroying any party they may encounter.

These parties will remain out two or three days and return to their camps, the commanding officers exercising large discretion and making written reports of their scouts on their return to camp. They will be provided with the countersign for three days.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUMBOLDT, July 28, 1862.

General GRANT:

We have been expecting an attack here all day. Rebels burned trestle-work 5 miles below here at 11 o'clock this morning. Forces in line of battle here. Colonel Bryant gone out with re-enforcements of cavalry from Trenton to find enemy. Engagement this morning. Enemy drove in our cavalry on march to Jackson.

HOLDREDGE,

Operator.

JACKSON, [July] 28, 1862. (Received at Corinth July 28, 1862.)

Major-General GRANT:

My forces have been all sent to Bolivar against my protest; some two small regiments, not enough to do picket duty. My cavalry, including orderlies, have been sent also this morning.

The road has been attacked this side of Humboldt and the bridges burned. I am sending all the force I have to repair and hold it. What will become of this place you can imagine. I shall hold it or be burned in its ashes.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, July 28, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

A large force of cavalry have attacked the road this side of Humboldt, driven our guards away and burned the trestle-work, cut the

