HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 17, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. DENVER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Moscow:

GENERAL: The general is unwell, but has read your letter. He directs me to say that you can use discretion in making the repairs, but that in forage and provisions the usual custom must be adhered to, viz, give vouchers payable after the war on proof of loyalty. You can explain that the people on the road having permitted the destruction of property must now put up with the inconvenience of our presence while repairing the injury.

Continue to use every precaution against surprise an to learn all that is possible about the country and roads.

General Smith, of this division, and one brigade of Hurlbut's division have gone to Holly Springs. They marched light, each with one section of artillery and extra horses. They were to meet at the depot in Holly Springs at 10 o'clock this morning and jointly to destroy trestle-work and bridge or to otherwise render the railroad impassable to the enemy at that point; after that, to return to their respective camps at Grand Junction and this place.

The train from Bolivar arrived last night, but brought no mail or news of any kind. When the regular trains will arrive it is impossible to say, but it will be soon.

There is no further news from Richmond. The town is quiet and the people apparently well satisfied with the conduct of our men. The greater part of Captain Smith's train is up and the remainder is expected to-morrow.

I have signed the requisitions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOLIVAR, June 17, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND:

General Sherman's troops are in Grand Junction and on the road to Holly Springs. The road in good order to Grand Junction.

W. L. SANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbus, Ky., June 17, 1862.

Colonel JAMES R. SLACK,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Memphis, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The Crescent City has at this moment arrived from Memphis, and by her your dispatch of the 15th is received.* I fully appreciate the difficulties of your position, and wish it was in my power to send you a sufficient force to enable you to overcome them at once and effectually. I have been waiting for the last week for a transport by which to send you five companies of cavalry from this place. The Crescent City will start with them so soon as they can be placed on board and the steamer be called.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

