
JACKSON, July 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General DODGE, Trenton:

I am informed by dispatch per messenger that Colonel Bryant is after the rebels and will camp at Poplar Corners to-night. He requests that I should inform you.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROSECRANS', July 28, 1862.

General GRANT:

Sheridan has returned from the front. Has captured a captain of cavalry and some thirty letters on a private mail carrier. They show the enemy moving in large force on Chattanooga. Has sent the letters up. They had 19 miles to come. Will dispatch you when they arrive.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, July 28, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND, Bolivar,

Brigadier-General LOGAN, Jackson:

Return a portion of the forces to Jackson as soon as possible. The two brigades which will reach Bolivar in the morning will enable you to do this. Answer if this is not so.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 65. Corinth, Miss., July 28, 1862.

I. Hereafter no passes will be given to citizens of States in rebellion to pass our lines at any of the stations from Tuscumbia to Memphis, including Bolivar, except to persons employed on secret service, and to those only by generals commanding divisions.

II. Deserters from the rebel army, or those claiming to be such, presenting themselves to the outer guards will be taken prisoners and sent under guard to the nearest commanding officer, who will give them a thorough examination and will only release them on their taking the oath of allegiance and his conviction that the persons so released take the oath in good faith and with the intention of going North.

III. Goods will not be permitted to pass out in any direction where they may be carried south of our lines, nor persons except when employed in secret service, and then only on permits from division commanders.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., July 29, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Information just in from Colonel Sheridan, who attacked and drove 600 rebels from Ripley this morning, says large force leaving Saltillo for Chattanooga by rail. Wagons moved across the country. General

