
Cheatham with division had gone west; Withers to follow with division. The Hatchie northwest of Bolivar is now occupied by rebels. McClernand is there with about 6,000 men.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Trenton, Tenn., July 29, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of troops in my division for the past ten days:

After the attack on my forces near Humboldt and their dispersion of the enemy I ascertained that a force had been sent from Jackson to attack the enemy near Ripley, Lauderdale County; also that a force of the enemy was threatening Bolivar. I ordered Colonel Bryant to take all the cavalry, with a force of infantry, to follow up the enemy's forces north of the Hatchie River and toward Brownsville, at the same time starting a force from here toward Dyersburg. Last night Colonel Bryant camped in rear of the enemy's force at Poplar Corners, and is still following them. I trust, in connection with the Jackson forces; he will cut off their retreat across the Hatchie and thereby bag them. The enemy's forces are on the increase both north and south of the Hatchie. Those north I believe I shall be able to attend to, but they are so slippery and dodge through such small holes that they may evade me. As I have taken charge of the bridge south of Humboldt I shall endeavor to so guard it that so small band of the enemy can take or destroy it. I have in process of erection there a strong block-house, which when finished will add greatly to the strength of the position. The bridge burned I have had rebuilt, and in one hour after we obtained possession of the road had telegraphic communication south. I must say that the strain upon my health and nerves lately has not added much to the state of my health, though I have full faith that I shall weather it and get through safe. I would be glad to visit Columbus, as the general suggests, but it is not best just at this time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 29, 1862.

General GRANT:

GENERAL: I send accompanying telegrams from Colonel Sheridan, giving information of the movements of rebels and his operations yesterday.

Two divisions left from below for Chattanooga. Cheatham's left last Friday and Saturday. Withers' was to leave Sunday or Monday.

The 600 cavalry escaped from Ripley, retreating toward Salem. The Seventh Kansas pursued them, and have not yet returned; probably foraging.

You will note Sheridan says there are at least 10,000 men at Saltillo. You will also observe that the division of Withers was leaving Saltillo.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

