
[Inclosures.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, July 29, 1862.

General GRANGER:

I have reliable information from Okolona Saturday, Tupelo Sunday, and Saltillo yesterday. The enemy have been and still are moving in large numbers to Chattanooga, via Mobile and Montgomery, concentrating at Rome, Ga. A large number of troops are at Saltillo, not less than 10,000. The transportation of the troops moving to Rome is going across the country from a point near Okolona. A large train of 200 wagons started across on Saturday. The Second Michigan drove in the enemy's pickets toward Saltillo yesterday, until the could hear the enemy's drums beating. Hicks returned from Tupelo yesterday. I have sent for him this morning and may get additional information.

P. H. SHERIDAN,Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, July 29, 1862.

General GRANGER:

GENERAL: Our cavalry captured Ripley yesterday morning.* Colonel Hatch has just returned, bringing back Judge Thompson and two Confederate soldiers. Our party failed to secure 600 rebel soldiers encamped there, they having made their escape toward Salem. The enemy had decamped just one hour before the arrival of Colonel Lee, who was delayed by bad road and darkness. Colonel Lee has not yet returned. He may bring in some of them. All the male inhabitants of Ripley had fled; the stores and houses all closed. I am sorry to say the soldiers of both regiments were, through carelessness of their officers, permitted to break into and pillage some of the stores and private places. The whole country out here is very much alarmed and stampeded.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Second Brigade.

ROSECRANS', July 29, 1862.

General GRANT:

From pursual of a large number of letters written by members of the Twenty-sixth Alabama and a few others from Richmond, captured by Sheridan, it is clear that there is very considerable movement of troops from Saltillo and vicinage via railroad to Chattanooga; two or three of them say thence to Huntsville, and all speak of a movement in Northern Alabama-of expelling the Yankees from Northern Alabama. One says a considerable force will be left at Saltillo, supposed to be enough to meet the emergency. Two days' cooked rations and the railroad via Mobile is in [sic]. Nearly all of them to leave to-morrow morning. Two or three talk of going from Chattanooga to Huntsville. Unfortunately they are all of the Twenty-sixth Alabama, but the impression is abroad among them that with Bragg on the east and Price in the center, as they say, the Yankees will be made to skedaddle.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

---------------

*See report of Colonel A. L. Lee, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, of expedition from Rienzi to Ripley, Miss., July 27-29, 1862, Part I, p. 25.

---------------

