
is Bolivar. It is reported that a considerable force of cavalry and mounted infantry got up into that angle and threatened Bolivar. Some got across the Hatchie below Grand Junction and Jackson, on the Mobile and Ohio railroad, and even go tin on the Columbus Railroad, but are cleared. It is possible John B. Villepigue has advanced into the gap we left open. Inquire into this. Eastward, four regiments of infantry. Frank Armstrong, with his two regiments of cavalry and two batteries, took the eastward road and arrived at Moulton. Hardee's advance gives the best memoir of map of Hatchie route. You can move up and look for Brown's Creek front, but it may be well for us to scratch this cavalry on our right first. I will ascertain.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Memphis, July 30, 1862.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,Headquarters Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: I had the honor to write on the 25th instant, since which nothing has happened here in the vicinity worth reporting. My infantry and cavalry pickets go well out, and I have sent two parties of cavalry, one to Hernando and one to Germantown,to be gone three day. I feel certain that small parties of cavalry and armed citizens are hovering about for mischief, but I have no reliable intelligence of any force being near us. That an attempt may be made ont he river at some point north of us is very probable. Should any large force go north of the Hatrchie they would be in danger from you; if south of the Hatchie, my forces would be in position.

I am pushing the construction of the fort, and have now at work about 800 negroes, all of which are registered and an account kept of their time and labor. The engineer, Captain Hoepner, will report progress, through Captain Prime. The armament of the fort should be ordered at once from Island Numbers 10, Saint Louis, or Pittsburg. I am informed there are no guns at Fort Pillow. I sent Colonel Fitch, who was there half a day on his way down, and he asserted al the guns there were disabled and carriages destroyed.

General Curtis, I am informed, goes to Little Rock very soon; indeed, I hear the army moves to-day. I have also learned that the Navy boat Sallie Wood, with about 40 passengers of the fleet and army before Vicksburg, was disabled at Carolina Point, about 90 miles Vicksburg, and run on shore. All passengers were made prisoners except three, who succeeded in reaching an island and getting on board the Carondelet. One of them, a lieutenant of a Wisconsin regiment, was my informant.

Information has also reached us that our fleet before Vicksburg has raised the siege, the lower fleet returning to Baton Rouge, and upper, on its return, maybe, to this place. This will embolden Van Dorn, and we must soon expect to hear from him.

I have been very busy in answering the innumerable questions of civilians, and hope they are now about through. I found so many Jews and speculators here trading in cotton, and secessionists had become so open in refusing anything but gold, that I have felt myself bound to

