
stop it. This gold has but one use-the purchase of arms and ammunition, which can always be had for gold, at Nassau, New Providence, or Cincinnati; all the guards we may establish cannot stop it. Of course I have respected all permits by yourself or the Secretary of the Treasury, but in these new cases (swarms of Jews) I have stopped it.

In like manner so great was the demand for salt to make bacon that many succeeded in getting loads of salt out for cotton. Salt is as much contraband of war as powder. All the boards of trade above are shipping salt south, and I cannot permit it to pass into the interior until you declare a district open to trade. If we permit money and salt to go into the interior it will not take long for Bragg and Van Dorn o supply their armies with al they need to move. Without money-gold, silver, and Treasury notes-they cannot get arms and ammunition of the English colonies; and without aslt they cannot make bacon and salt beef. We cannot carry on war and trade with a people at the same time.

I have had all the vacant houses registered, and the quartermaster will proceed to rent them for account of whom it may concern at once.

Our men have received in great part new clothing, and will soon gain rest and be prepared for the fall campaign. General health good.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., July 31, 1862.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: A scouting party returned last night from Colliersvile and beyond; captured some officers and guerrillas; also intercepted several letters from Tupelo, from which it appears that the whole army was on the point of starting for Nashville via Chattanooga. I take it for granted you are advised of this, and I merely repeat it as confirmatory. I inclose one of the letters.

All quiet here and hereabouts.

I have supplied General Curtis my extra ammunition. Will you please order the ordnance officer at Saint Louis to fill my requisitions for ammunition and ordnance to arm the fortifications now under construction here, either drawing from Pittsburg or the forts above?

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HUMBOLDT, July 31, 1862.

General LOGAN,

Commanding Post, Jackson:

Have you heard any news from my cavalry to-day? Falkner's guerrilla band was within 2 miles of Cageville last night. There are 75 of them. I shall send out in the morning.

GEORGE E. BRYANT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

