
FIFTH DIVISION.

Brigadier General GORDON GRANGER.

36th Illinois, Colonel N. Greusel.

44th Illinois, Colonel Charles Knobelsdorff.

47th Illinois, Colonel John Bryner.

2nd Missouri, Colonel Frederick Schaefer.

2nd Missouri, U. S. R. C., Lieutenant Colonel Herman Zakrzewski.

15th Missouri, Colonel Francis J. Joliat.

7th Illinois Cavalry, Major Horatio C. Nelson.

2nd Iowa Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Edward Hatch.

7th Kansas Cavalry, Colonel Albert L. Lee.

2nd Michigan Cavalry, Colonel Philip H. Sheridan.

3rd Michigan Cavalry, Colonel John K. Mizner.

1st Missouri Cavalry, Company F, Captain James Clifford.

5th Missouri Cavalry, Company C, Captain Albert Borcherdt.

2nd Illinois Artillery, Battery I, Captain Charles M. Barnett.

2nd Iowa Battery, Captain Nelson T. Spoor.

6th Wisconsin Battery, Captain Henry Dillon.

In charge of siege guns.

First U. S. Infantry, Captain George A. Williams.

CORINTH, MISS, August 1, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

It is now almost an absolute certainty that there is but a small force in front of us, most having gone eastward. Bolivar seems to be the most important point to guard and retain troops here to re-enforce Buell if necessary. I would suggest driving the rebels toward Columbus as far as possible preparatory to leaving Corinth with a small garrison.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS, August 1, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Dispatch from Buell; believes not more than two regiments of infantry, brigade of cavalry, and battery at Moulton. Thinks garrison of Decatur not safe; would be made so by a brigade at Courtland. Gives no reasons for holding that road. Morgan has no reliable information, but reports continue to indicate considerable force at Moulton; says commandant at Courtland is informed by cavalry of a force 7 miles from there; strength and ion of troops not stated. Lightning prevents using wires to get answer about this. Granger telegraphed last night from Rienzi all troops have left Tupelo except Price, with 20,000 men; gone east by rail; baggage and artillery by Tuscaloosa toward Rome. Means heavy attack on Buell or Richmond.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

STEAM-RAM SWITZERLAND, Off Helena, Ark., August 1, 1862.

JAMES BROOKS, Special Quartermaster, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: I arrived at this place last night with my fleet, in company with the whole gunboat squadron.

We were compelled to move north, owing to the crippled condition of our fleet from so large a proportion of our crows being disabled by

