
Ohio Cavalry down the Hernando road to Nonconah, the infantry to scout up and down the creek, the cavalry to scout well beyond the Nonconah, sweeping around by the west to the Horn Lake road; the expedition to remain out three days.

The commanding officer of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry will report to General Smith, to do picket duty in front of his brigade during the absence of the Fourth Illinois, and the Eleventh Illinois to General Hurlbut, to picket in front of his division till the return of the Fifth Ohio.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 2, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Corinth:

Your letter of July 28 is just received.* It is very desirable that you should clean out West Tennessee and North Mississippi of all organized enemies. If necessary, take up all active sympathizers, and either hold them as prisoners or put them beyond our lines. Handle that class without gloves, and take their property for public use. As soon as the corn gets fit for forage get all the supplies you can from the rebels in Mississippi. It is time that they should begin to feel the presence of war on our side. Bolivar and the Hatchie River should be well defended, in order to secure our railroad communications.

See that all possible facilities are afforded for getting out cotton. It is deemed important to get as much as we can into market. I see it stated in the newspapers that General Sherman has forbidden the payment of gold for cotton, while General Butler advises the payment of gold, in order to induce planters to bring it to market. I have called the attention of the Secretary of War to this difference, and he directs me to say that the payment of gold should not be prohibited. Instruct General Sherman accordingly.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., August 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I will try and hold the road to Decatur. Think it can be done without much difficulty. Anticipate no serious trouble on the Hatchie; nothing more than an occasional raid from mounted men.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

JACKSON, August 2, 1862.

General U. S. GRANT:

I have swept both sides of the Hatchie from Bolivar to Brownsville, on the road to Somerville. The enemy fled precipitately and escaped capture. The force I have on the Hatchie, together with those you are sending and the three regiments here, exclusive of the Eleventh, secures things in these quarters for the present. I will send the Eleventh the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

