
first opportunity. I have some 300 negroes at work on the fortifications at Bolivar. I will probably return them on Monday. The 2,400 ammunition has not come.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,August 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General GRANGER, Rienzi:

General Mitchell informs me they have had spy in the rebel cavalry camp near Bay Springs Factory.

The "rebs" have a battalion there; another 3 miles in rear, and reported some infantry support 3 miles in rear of them. Hundred and eighty bales of cotton there, and factory running for rebel use.

Arrange the details of an expedition of infantry from Jacinto and cavalry from your front that will cut off this force unless strongly supported, capture the cotton, and destroy, or disable the mills. Give me all the news.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,August 2, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth:

No report from the front. General Morgan reports the Town Creek Bridge safe, and the command returned there.

General Davis reports a brisk trade in salt and other contraband goods going on from Pittsburg south through the region east of him. He has seized twelve barrels in transitu. It seems to me the provost-marshal and commanding officers at Pittsburg and Hamburg Landings should be held responsible for it. Patrols will be necessary to prevent unprincipled sutlers' clerks and discharged soldiers from selling whatever they please of contraband.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

CORINTH, August 3, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Cadwalader has reported for duty here. Order directs him to report to you. Where shall he be assigned? The efficiency of this army is weakened by making commands for so many officers of high rank.

U. S. GRANT.

Major-General.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS, August 3, 1862.

(Received Corinth, August, 3, 1862.)

Major-General GRANT:

I have ordered Davis to send Mitchell's brigade to Iuka to relieve Morgan's command, thence to Bear Creek Bridge. Morgan's troops go

