
A portion of Bragg's infantry encamped on Wolf River, and there is a rumor that they intend to move to La Grange in a day or two. Thirty of Jackson's cavalry left La Grange on the 2nd for the neighborhood of Estanaula. I shall send a force of about 40 after them to-day.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

L. F. ROSS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 154. Corinth, Miss., August 5, 1862.

* * * * *

Major General E. O. C. Ord is hereby relieved temporarily from the command of the Second Division, Army of the Tennessee, and of the town of Corinth.

Major General George Cadwalader is assigned to the command of the forces constituting the garrison of Corinth, and will relieve Major General E. O. C. Ord.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Brownsville, Tenn., August 6, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I have to report the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 214, and also of an order in relation to property of private citizens.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg has assumed command of all the cavalry force in this vicinity, and I would respectfully suggest that he be permitted to make his headquarters at a point on the road between here and Brownsville Crossing. This is a central point to the crossings on Hatchie River, and from there communications with all points above and below can be had much more rapidly than at any other point.

Night before last a detachment of the Second Cavalry scouted as far down the river as Green's Ferry; another detachment going north from here met the first detachment at Durhamsville, whence both returned to this point. They report that no organized force can be found in that territory. We shall at once endeavor to communicate down the river with the cavalry scouts from Fort Pillow, and report.

Yours, with respect,

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

COLUMBUS, August 6, 1862.

Major-General GRANT;

Major-General Sherman sends you, through me, a letter written by a rebel officer on the 24th ultimo, from which it seems that the rebels then were on the point of moving on Nashville via Chattanooga. He wished me to telegraph this much.

L. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.

