
Supply your command with long forage by cutting corn from the fields and partially drying it in the sun, cutting it up and feeding with salt for your stock, the quartermasters to take up and account for it; use that of rebels in preference.

By order:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, [August] 6, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

Do you wish me to occupy Toone's Station and guard the railroad as before your recent order?

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 69. Corinth, Miss., August 6, 1862.

I. Hereafter no coin will be permitted to pass south of Cairo or Columbus except such as is carried by Government agents and for Government use. The same restriction will be observed at Fort Henry and Fort Donelson.

II. Neither coin, Treasury notes, or goods will be permitted to pass south of Memphis except for the use of the army. The payment of cash for any article of use in aid of the rebellion for Southern products will be discouraged in every way possible.

III. All cotton and other articles coming from points below Memphis will be seized and sold for the benefit of whom it may concern, the proceeds being used by the quartermaster until directed by proper authority to turn them over to other parties, unless the same has been passed by Special permit from the Treasury Department.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, August 7, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.,

News from the front continues to indicate movement of the rebels toward Chattanooga. My opinion is that the best troops are being sent to Richmond, and conscripts, with a little leaven from the more disciplined, are left to hold the Western army in check.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Jackson, Tenn., August 7, 1862.

General ROSS, Bolivar:

General Logan is mistaken in telegraphing you that the order for the relief of Lawler's brigade by sending the Twentieth and Twenty-ninth Illinois is countermanded. It was suspended at his suggestion that Lawler's men were unable to travel. I am just informed that he has asked you

