
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 66. Memphis, Tenn., August 7, 1862.

I. The general commanding announces with shame and mortification that he has discovered a case of bribery in one of the public offices in Memphis, viz, the payment of $100 to a clerk in he office of the provost-marshal-general for a pass to Helena.

II. All officers, soldiers, and employes in the service of the United States are salaried persons and cannot charge a fee for any official act whatever. It is not only a crime but a disgrace to the whole country. In like manner it is a crime for a citizen to officer a bribe; and if any citizen has ever paid or is ever asked to pay a fee, bribe, or has afforded an opportunity to make profit, to corrupt or influence any person in the service of the United States, he is hereby notified that he must give notice thereof to the commanding general forthwith, that justice may be done and the honor of the nation protected against even the suspicion of corruption.

III. To guard against corruption in the future it is ordered that no house taken possession of by the quartermaster under general orders from General Grant, "To take possession of and let to loyal tenants the vacant houses in Memphis," shall be occupied by any officer or employe of the United States Government except by regular assignment under the army regulations by the quartermaster, approved by the commanding general. No rents will be paid except to the quartermaster in person or to one of his clerks on the written receipt of the quartermaster,signed by himself and not by proxy.

IV. Anonymous communications will not be entertained, but any citizen or person having cause for grievance will reduce it to writing, stating names and facts, and signed with the proper name, when redress will be given if necessary. Such communications will be addressed to the adjutant-general of the division, Major J. H. Hammond.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 67. Memphis, August 8, 1862.

Inasmuch as by law of Congress recently enacted the President of the United States is authorized to receive and employ the labor of slaves or fugitives from slavery, and such fugitives on coming to our camps seeking protection, the following rules will be observed at and near Memphis until the President prescribes other rules, when these will necessarily be superseded and made to conform to the pleasure of the President:

I. All able-bodied negroes who apply for work at Fort Pickering will be received and put to work by the engineer in charge, Captain Hoopner; the names of owners and slaves registered, with date of commencement of work, and a general description by which the negroes can be known. Such negroes will be entitled to rations, to be drawn on provision returns similar to those used for soldiers, and will be supplied with necessary clothing and tobacco at the rate of one pound per month. An account will be opened with each negro, and his wages will be charge with the value of the clothing and tobacco; but no wages will be paid until the courts determine whether the negro be slave or free. The negroes employed on the fort are working as laborers, and will be allowed to return to their masters or mistresses at the close of any week, but masters or

