HEADQUARTERS,Trenton, Tenn., August 10, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND, Jackson, Tenn.:

A large force of mounted men have gathered between here and the Tennessee River and threaten the road north of this place. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, with the cavalry belonging to this division, to report here immediately. Porter's company of Jackson's cavalry are north of the Hatchie. Last night they were working north. All my cavalry are after them. The dispatches taken from Falkner show that Porter and Falkner were ordered to burn all cotton between the Tennessee and Mississippi Rivers, and if possible get into Kentucky. Falkner's men are scattered, trying to remount themselves and stealing arms. I got nearly all their horses and some 60 of their arms, with their ammunition. They are working south in squads.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

BOLIVAR, August 10, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

General Grant telegraphs me to destroy the bridges and ferries on the Hatchie except such as we can guard. Is Colonel Lawler still at Estanaula, and if so, am I to use his ferries to carry out the above order, or will Colonel Lawler attend to the matter in his section without my orders? To what point, if any, on the Hatchie toward Estanaula am I expected to defend the crossing? There are two ferries between here and Pocahontas. I will destroy them to-morrow. The bridge at Pocahontas had better be attended to by force from Corinth, as its is nearer

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, Tenn., August 10, 1862.

His Excellency Gov. ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville:

SIR; Your esteemed favor of August 1 was handed me yesterday by Mr. Smith cashier of the Memphis Branch of the Union Bank of Tennessee, and I promptly gave him the desired permission to go to Grenada to look up the assets of his bank, but I know full well that his visit will prove unsuccessful. No officer there would dare give up anything of use or value to them. I explained at length my views to Mr. Smith of the duties and obligations of himself and associates in the present strait. The bank has put in circulation notes to the extent of over a million of dollars and are indebted to their depositors for funds to a large amount. These liabilities are of a high and honorable character and the bank must redeem them. As trustees of this debt they will be held to a strict account. They must do all that is possible to secure the property and assets of their bank and apply them honestly to the redemption of their circulation and depositors.

It seems their bullion in coin and assets, notes made here and elsewhere, have been carried away by force and fraud. They deny complicity. They have not the power to retake their coin, which is therefore lost to them, but they can secure the notes. These notes are made payable here and are secured by property in Tennessee. Although the

11 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

