
8 miles below Ripley-a spy who went to the Grand Prairie and thence to Grenada, thence back via Ripley. At Grenada, 50 conscripts and the sick. Infantry brigade formerly there gone south to West Landing, 39 miles lower down on the railroad. Breckinridge gone south, to Baton Rouge. No forces except cavalry north of Grenada. Price's force, said to be 12,000 or 15,000, above Tupelo.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROSECRANS', August 11, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

I have just received the following from General Granger in reply to my dispatch predicated on yours of to-day:

I have already captured the guerrilla party referred to. You have probably received as I forwarded to you, with a free pass to Alton. It consisted of 17 instead of 800.

In reply to my advice he says: "Sharp is our name, game, and practice." It seems so.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

BOLIVAR, August 11, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

My scout has returned from Somerville, La Grange, and to camp of enemy, 12 miles below Holly Springs. Total force there reported 18,000, under General Villepigue, of which 900 are cavalry, 24 pieces of artillery; 6 pieces 24-pounders. They are advancing as rapidly as they can reach the railroad, and expected to be at Holly Springs to-day. He says everybody going into the service able to bear arms. Active preparations going on at every house. It is reported in the Confederate camp and believed by them that the gunboat Arkansas was sunk.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 68. Memphis, Tenn., August 11, 1862.

The following orders have been received from department headquarters, and are published for the benefit of all concerned;

In pursuance of orders from the Headquarters of the Army at Washington all restrictions on the sale of cotton and prohibition of the payment of gold therefor are hereby annulled. Every facility possible will be afforded for getting cotton to market.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 160. Corinth, Miss., August 11, 1862.

I. In accordance with directions from Headquarters of the Army, Brigadier General W. L. Elliott is hereby relieved from duty with the Army

