
of the Mississippi, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Pope, commanding the Army of Virginia.

II. The Second Reserve Corps, Missouri Volunteers, Colonel Kallman commanding, will proceed immediately and without delay to Saint Louis, Mo., and report for duty to Brigadier-General Schofield.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 12, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

Please telegraph the present position of the several divisions under your command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Trenton, Tenn., August 12, 1862.

Captain DAVIS,

Commanding Officer, Sixth Illinois Cavalry:

You will proceed with your command toward Chestnut Bluffs;l will join Captain Lynch, who is now scouting in that neighborhood. It is reported that there is a force of rebels in that neighborhood some 200 strong. You will get on track of them and give them no rest till you rout them or drive them out of the country. After disposing of this band you will proceed to Dyersburg and administer the oath to such citizens as desire to come forward and take it. Disarm all known sympathizers with the Southern rebellion and notify the citizens of the consequences of harboring these guerrilla bands. Arrest all persons who are known to have aided Falkner's company. Send them in here with all their property that can be used by the United States Government. Be very strict and allow none of your men to commit any unauthorized depredations upon the person, or property of any citizen. If you obtain knowledge of any other hand of rebels you will give them no rest till they are either whipped or run out of the country.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

GEO. M. REEDER,

Lieutenant, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROSECRANS', August 12, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth:

The following has been received from Brigadier-General Granger:

RIENZI, August 12.

Lieutenant-Colonel KENNETT, Chief of Staff

A deserter from Saltillo, belonging to one of the Missouri regiments, reports as follows:

"Left there yesterday at about 11 o'clock. General Price in command; headquarters at Guntown. Everything has left below except Price's division, which he re-

