
The commanding officer of the party will call on the commanding general this evening for written instructions and information not proper to communicate to any other person than himself.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND

Assistant Adjutant-General

CORINTH, MISS., August 14, 1862.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Two divisions (Sherman's and Hurlbut's) with the Fifty-second Indiana Engineer Regiment, five companies Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Rodgers' battery, one section De Golyer's battery, and the cavalry and artillery belonging to General Wallace's division, except one battery, at Memphis, Tenn.; McClernand's division, four regiments and one battery of Wallace's Third Division, six regiments and one battery of General McArthur's Sixth Division, Seventh Regiment Missouri Infantry, one company cavalry, Fifty-third Illinois, and Captain Foster's Fourth Independent Cavalry, at Bolivar and Jackson; General Davies' Second Division and the Sixth Division, excepting what is at Bolivar, at Corinth. Divisions of the Army of the Mississippi are stationed as follows: General Paine's First Division, with an additional cavalry regiment, at Tuscumbia; General Davis' Fourth Division on line of roads between Tuscumbia and Corinth; General Stanley's Second Division at Camp Clear Creek; General Hamilton's Third Division at Jacinto; the Fifth Division at Rienzi. The several regiments of cavalry divisions are distributed at the several stations with the infantry division. General Quinby's command remains same as when you were here. The Fourteenth Regiment was not at

-----

.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 14, 1862. - For Halleck to Grant, and Grant to Halleck, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p. 333.]

HUMBOLDT, August 14, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

Governor Johnson telegraphed Captain Young to muster in all Tennessee troops he can under your directions. The captain is at Isaac Hawkins' to-day, where there is a war meeting. Shall I clothe the company and forward them to you? Governor Johnson also says that Morgan attacked Gallatin yesterday and burned twenty subsistence cars, took two companies prisoners, and burned three bridges. My scouts took 4 prisoners yesterday 15 miles east of here; 5 more escaped from them. By letters found on them it appears that several hundred Kentuckians are on their way south,aiming to pass between Humboldt and Jackson, in squads of 5 and 10. Will send you by mail a copy of letters. I thought perhaps you would like these Tennessee troops to guard all the roads and capture these men.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE E. BRYANT,

Colonel.

