HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 19, 1862.

General HALLECK, Corinth:

The expedition sent to Holly Springs is now returning, having scattered all the loose fragments of the enemy and pushed them toward Grenada, doubtless their center for this field of operations. I will report more in detail when the columns come in. The quiet of a New England Sabbath prevails at La Grange, and our men are pretty well behaved.

There is a point on Wolf River, 6 miles south of Grand Junction, where the Mississippi Central crosses, where there is a good road bridge and three large mills (Davis'). I am satisfied the point from which I can best cover the road lies west of this, and I think we should burn these mills and several of the bridges by which guerrilla parties could dash in and out on this part of the road. Of course I know you do not want any destruction of private property, unless the public service demands it. In the case of Davis' mills I think they should be utterly destroyed.

The people here are known to be secesh, but thus far have made not the least manifestation of it. There are very many highly intelligent and influential men residents of this place.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 19, 1862.

General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

Bridges as far as Moscow will be done to-morrow night. I think Grand Junction should be occupied by a small force detached from Bolivar, and that my forces be limited from Moscow to Memphis, in which case I would leave some small guards along the road and take post with my whole force at some point about 25 miles east of Memphis and 4 or 5 miles south of the railroad, commanding Holly Springs on the one hand and Hernando on the other. I will send an expedition to Hernando and break that road at some point south of Hernando, so as to prevent an attempt to run a superior force by cars between me and Memphis. We have provisions on hand to include the 30th instant, and I can easily send into Memphis and have a supply come count and meet me in season. The breaks west of Moscow are all trivial and we can repair as fast as we march, viz, 10 miles a day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Louis:

I am glad to learn from Mr. Horton that you are at Saint Louis today. If your orders will admit, and you can be absent long enough from your command, I would be glad to see you at Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

2 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

