
It is hereby made the duty of the brigade commander of the Second Brigade, Fifth Division, to organize his guard so as to compel all prisoners confined under this order, as well as such as are or may be sentenced to work by regimental or general courts-martial, to labor nine hours each day on the fortifications. He will cause his guard-house to be carefully repaired and reconstructed, so as to enable the officers of his guard to confine prisoners safely and to control their food. Prisoners who will not work are not entitled to rations, and must be put on short diet.

III. The regiment of infantry on duty as provost guard in the city and the cavalry detailed for the same purpose are hereby declared to be on guard duty the time of their detail, and are subject to the conditions of the forty-fifth Article of War.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 15, 1862.?]

[General LOGAN:]

GENERAL: I have just received the following telegram:

HUMBOLDT, August 15, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

A messenger from Isaac Hawkins says some 400 or more Kentuckians dressed in citizens' clothes were near Huntington last night. They intend to capture Young and his party of 30 men and then cross our lines near Purdy. I have sent out cavalry to captain's assistance.

BRYANT.

Colonel, Commanding.

Instruct Colonel Haynie to take such measures as will enable him to capture enemy if he shows himself in that quarter; also taken effectual measures to capture him if he should attempt to pass between Humboldt and Jackson.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 15 and 16, 1862. - For Grant to Buell and reply see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, pp. 337, 344, 345.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 211. August 15, 1862.

I. The Second Division will proceed to relieve the troops of First and Fourth Divisions now guarding the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. They will carry with them all their transportation, arms, ammunition, camp equipage, and baggage, reducing the latter to the quantity allowed by regulations. They will prepare and carry three days' cooked rations.

The First Brigade will move on Sunday morning, the 17th instant; the Second as soon thereafter as practicable.

Second as soon thereafter as practicable.

The First and Fourth Divisions, up being relieved by the Second Division, will proceed without delay to Decatur.

* * * * * *

By order of General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

First Lieutenant Twelfth Infty., Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

