
CORINTH, MISS., August 16, 1862-1.20 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The rebels have bridge across the Tallahatchie completed and run cars to within 8 miles of Grand Junction. If General Curtis could move on Panola from Helena rebels could be cleared out of Northwest Mississippi. I could send General Sherman at the same time on Oxford. Four divisions of the Army of the Mississippi are now moving to occupy the road to Decatur and to re-enforce General Buell. Reconnaissance far to the front shows the country to be so dry that an attack on this place is hardly to be apprehended.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., August 16, 1862-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Colonel Sheridan, with three regiments of cavalry, made a forced reconnaissance on the enemy's lines, extending from near Carrollsville and approaching within 6 miles of Guntown, but found no water from the time he left until he returned to Rienzi. Brought back from Butternut 300 head of animals, good mules, fair horses, cattle, a lot of contrabands, and the Mobile Advertiser of the 12th. This paper has very late news from New Orleans and Baton Rouge. Lieutenant Read, of the Arkansas, reports to Mobile Register that the Arkansas went down to co-operate with General Breckinridge in his attack on Batonn Rouge and arrived in afternoon; engines gave out in the fight in the morning; commodore Porter attacked her with the Essex, when she ran ashore, was set on fire and deserted, and blew up an hour afterward. Advertiser further states that the New Orleans Delta of the 12th claims great Federal victory; Lovell killed and General Breckinridge lost an arm; two exclamation points. No contradiction. Says large Federal re-enforcements gone from New Orleans to Baton Rouge. Federals expect to save entire army.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

BETHEL, August 16, 1862.

General JOHN A. LOGAN:

There are now about 50 rebels, not well armed, near Sampson's Ferry, on the Hatchie. I have some cavalry after them. Tell General Ross to send from Bolivar, around behind them, south. I will attend to them in the north. Let him send from Bolivar. Go behind. I sent this evening infantry to guard the road, and the cavalry force I have is small.

Answer.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 165. Corinth, Miss., August 16, 1862

* * * * *

II. The following changes in the disposition of the cavalry force of this district is hereby ordered:

The Fourth Illinois Cavalry, excepting Company A, Captain Osband,

