
will report to Brigadier-General Quinby, commanding District of Mississippi, for orders, marching from Memphis and Jackson to Trenton, and from there reporting by telegraph.

Companies F and G, Fifth Ohio, Sixth Illinois, and Thielemann's cavalry will report to Major General W. T. Sherman for duty.

The battalion of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, now at Memphis, and all of the Second Illinois Cavalry, excepting the force at Paducah and Company B, Captain Hotaling, will report to Major-General McClernand at Jackson.

Captain Osband, Company A, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, will report for duty to these headquarters.

To effect this change troops will march across the country under instructions from their present commanders. The movement will commence from all points on the 23rd instant, except Columbus, which will commence on the 25th instant.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 212. August 16, 1862.

* * * * *

IX. The movement of troops directed by Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 211, from these headquarters, will be deferred.

The First Brigade will move on Monday as soon as is practicable after the muster ordered by General Orders, Numbers 71, from district headquarters.

By order of General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth Infty., Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CORINTH, MISS., August 17, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Now that two divisions are on their way to General Buell, would it not be well to abandon railroad from Tuscumbia to Decatur?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

ROSECRANS', August 17, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Do you understand that two of our divisions are to be sent to Buell, and that we are moreover to try and hold the line through to Decatur? If so, the troops at Danville or other places must go to Iuka. If we cross at Eastport and Tuscumbia, Stanley's division, will go to Iuka and Tuscumbia; Mitchell will cross at Eastport and Paine at Florence. Stanley will try to cover the road till more troops can be got, but we must be careful.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

