
have been expelled from Raleigh. I have taken some of the richest rebels and will compel them to buy and pay for all the land, horses, cattle, and effects, as well as damages, and let the Union owner deed the property to one or more of them. This they don't like at all. I do not exact the oath universally, but assume the ground that all within our lines are American citizens, and if they do any act or fail in any duty required of them as such then they can and will be punished as spies.

Instead of furnishing a permanent provost guard I give Colonel Anthony two good officers to assist him and change the regiment weekly. All are in tents and have their transportation ready to move. I am also in tents. I think 4,000 men could land opposite Helena, march rapidly to Panola, destroy that bridge, then to Oxford and Abbeville and destroy that, thus making the Tallahatchie the northern limits of their railroad. Afterward, Grenada, Jackson, and Meridian must be attacked. Break up absolutely and effectually the railroad bridges, mills, and everything going to provide their armies and they must feel it. The maintenance of this vast army must soon reduce their strength.

The lines of the Mississippi must be under one command. As it is, Curtis and I are perfectly independent of each other. He was here the other day. I know him well; he is very jealous of interference and will do nothing at another's suggestion. If you want him to do anything you must get Halleck to order it. Fort progresses too slow; 1,300 negroes at work on it. One installment of guns received; balance expected every hour. Weather heretofore unbearably hot, but now pretty cool.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 18, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

As General Buell's communications in Tennessee and Kentucky are seriously threatened your communication with him should be kept open if possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 18, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Letter of General Davis of the 1st instant is just received. You will take stringent measures to prevent all articles deemed contraband of war from reaching the enemy. Arrest and exclude from your lines every sutler or trader engaged in unlawful traffic.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

COLUMBUS, August 18, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

All persons who bring undoubted proof of loyalty have been permitted to take specie and other money South over the railroad. I do not permit the express company to take packages, except to officers of

