
have given to well-known Union men some of the arms that they had been robbed of, and have turned over some to the Tennessee troops by request of Governor, Johnson. That these bands are being largely re-enforced I have no doubt. They obtained some 500 good arms out of a rebel boat sunk by us in the Tennessee River and have made good use of them.

I now have four companies of cavalry on the Tennessee, in Benton County, following up a force said to be 600 strong; four companies in Dyer and Lauderdale following Porter's band, 300 strong, besides separate companies on the Obion. If it is possible I wish one more company of cavalry could be sent to Colonel Harris at Union City. He needs another company, but I cannot spare it. If 100 saddles could be sent me I would mount some infantry on the contraband stock and could use them to good advantage.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

FORT HEIMAN, August 19, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Commanding officer of Donelson telegraphs me yesterday that Clarksville was surrendered yesterday and that Donelson is in danger. He asks me for assistance. I am impressed with the belief that it is a scare, though I know guerrillas are organizing everywhere, and feel that there is necessity for more troops in that section. I need some infantry companies, and the remaining companies of my own regiment I start out to-morrow.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS,

August 19, 1862.

General GRANT:

Mobile Advertiser of 15th here. Breckinridge was whipped at Vicksburg;* General Clark and two colonels killed. They lost 250 men, and say our troops acknowledge loss of 1,000. They mention seventeen regiments cavalry being in the fight; say these numbered 3,500 men when they started, but 500 dropped sick by rain and heat on the way. B. H. Helm was knocked over, contused by their running cavalry; Captain Todd, Mrs. Lincoln's brother, was killed.

Granger's spies say movements eastward. Two sutler's clerks and a soldier of the Fifty-ninth Illinois taken prisoners last Sunday week returned to-day liberated. They learned or were told that the rebels intended to have Corinth at all cost; that they were getting out timber to repair bridges on the railroad and that conscripts were constantly coming in; they had already 25,000 men. General Haynie has a drover from the South who says that Van Dorn's command, except that with Breckinridge, is at Jackson, and that Bragg i at Chattanooga with 40,000 men; he says he will march to Nashville or fight for it. Granger has sent out a cavalry regiment to attack Marietta at daylight to-morrow morning.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*At Baton Rouge.

---------------

