
BOLIVAR, August 19, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

Scouts which returned from below last night report Villepigue's forces still 12 miles below Holly Springs. I am quite unwell, and would like to be relieved from the command for three or four days and permitted to visit friends in Northern Alabama.

L. F. ROSS.

Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., August 20, 1862-3.45 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

The guerrillas are becoming so active in West Tennessee that a large mounted force is required to suppress them. Cannot a portion of General Curtis' cavalry be sent me?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 21, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

General Curtis' cavalry is fully employed in Arkansas. Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, was requested some weeks ago to raise some cavalry regiments to act against guerrilla bands. I will send you more cavalry as soon as we can get it. You have charge of everything in your district, but no one has yet been designated to command the old department. It will probably be divided.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CORINTH, MISS., August 21, 1862-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Two steamers are said to have been captured by guerrillas on the Tennessee on the 18th. Steamer Terry has gone down armed with four guns and a company of sharpshooters. General Tuttle informed me that three new regiments were to leave Springfield for Cairo yesterday and to-day. I have directed one of them and the Eleventh Illinois to occupy Paducah and Smithland; one to be sent to Columbus, and the other to remain at Cairo. There is such a demand for cavalry that I will have to mount infantry making secessionists furnish horses and forage. Should there not be two or three light-draught steamers bought and fitted up, proof against Minie balls, and armed with two guns each, to carry Government freight on the Tennessee from here?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

You will take all possible measures to put down the guerrilla operations on the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers. Act wherever you

