
can, without regard to district lines. Clarksville should be retaken and occupied as soon as possible. It is believed that most of the enemy's forces have left your front.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CORINTH, MISS., August 22, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I gave orders yesterday for Colonel Lowe to take command of Donelson in addition to Henry and Heiman; that I would re-enforce him, and he must retake Clarksville. Colonel Webster goes to-morrow with my instructions.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

TRENTON, August 22, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Messenger in from Dyersburg reports Jackson's forces within 10 miles of there, on south bank of Forked Deer River. I have sent re-enforcements to Dyersburg; they will attack and follow up. The train of Sixth Illinois leaves here in the morning. Good commanding officers will be given the instructions you suggest. Jackson's whole regiment is north of Hatchie, and all Union men are running from him. The train and two companies of Second Illinois will go direct to Jackson from here, the rest will go direct from Dyersburg or wherever they leave the Sixth, unless you desire them to cross the Hatchie with the Sixth. They are instructed to attack Jackson and drive him south before the two regiments separate.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

FORT DONELSON, [August] 22, [1862].

Major-General GRANT:

You are doubtless aware of the fact of the surrender of Clarksville to the forces of Colonel Woodward on Monday last at 2 p.m. No gun fired on either side. The officers and men all paroled, and are now at Paducah or on their way home. It leaves me here at this post with the four remaining companies of the Seventy-first, numbering less than 200 men, with limited rations, no artillery or cavalry, threatened by Woodward and others.

Will you allow me to suggest the importance of re-enforcements as early as possible? Whether re-enforced or not I will hold the place until forced to yield. Can I have the re-enforcements?

JAS. H. HART,

Major Seventy-first Ohio.

BOLIVAR, August 22, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Shall I send force to Somerville with cavalry to gather up and bring in horses, mules, negroes, and forage? Everything of use to an army

