
in that section is being run off South, and unless we act promptly will be used against us by the rebels. I wrote you of the matter this morning, but telegraph because it will not admit of delay if anything is to be done.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

TRENTON, August 23, [1862].

Major-General GRANT:

Have 900 shot-guns, 500 rifles, taken from guerrillas and citizens.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General

COLUMBUS, August 23, 1862.

General GRANT:

Twenty-two guerrillas were captured on Monday night and Tuesday morning 25 miles below here on the Missouri shore. It is the party that fired into the Champion Sunday night. They were not duly enlisted in the rebel service, but were on their way to Arkansas, armed and mounted. I propose, with your sanction, to try them by a military commission. They are now here. I have a list of prominent men in river counties in Missouri, some of which are not within my district, who are engaged in forwarding recruits to rebel army; proofs undoubted. Shall I arrest all such, even though without my immediate command?

I. F. QUINBY.

Brigadier-General.

SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Corinth Miss., August 24, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I can now state to you that the condition of the railroads between Columbus and this point is quite satisfactory and improving daily. I have received five new engines and a number of freight cars and have repaired several engines and cars so that I can send two trains daily between Columbus and Corinth and an extra train from Columbus to Jackson three times a week. I apprehend no difficulty in supplying a much larger force over the road than I have to supply at present.

Nearly all the public property at Columbus has been brought down and distributed at different points along the line, and the master of transportation, Captain Lyman, assures me that the whole of it will be shipped by the 26th instant.

If I can once get Columbus clear I shall have no difficulty in keeping it so. There have been a good many improvements made at Columbus which were absolutely necessary for the transaction of a large amount of business. Side tracks have been put down in the main street leading to the ordnance and commissary storehouses and two extensive side tracks to the new quartermaster's storehouses on the south side of the main depot, the repair shop fitted up, water-tanks arranged, and everything necessary to facilitate the business.

