
ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS, August 25, [1862]-8 p.m.

Via Corinth, Miss., August 26, 1862-11 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have sent Callender my spare arms, at his request, and promise to replace them with first-class arms in time for the recruits. Now he reports Saint Louis Arsenal bare. We are without either old or new. Recruits are coming in. We cannot arm them. One regiment requires 100 muskets. I beseech your order me 5,000 first-class muskets and some carbines, or revolving arms.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 25, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

General J. A. McClernand will repair to Springfield, Ill., and assist the Governor in organizing volunteers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, Tenn., August 26, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss:

SIR: In pursuance of your request that I should keep you advised of matters of interest here in addition to the purely official matter I now write. I dispatched promptly the thirteen companies of cavalry-nine of Fourth Illinois and four of Eleventh Illinois-to their respective destinations punctually on the 23rd instant, although the order only was received on the 22d. I received at the same time from Colonel Dickey the notice that the bridge over Hatchie was burned, and therefore I prescribed their order of march via Bolivar. They started at 12 m. of the 23d, and I have no news of them since. None of the cavalry ordered to me is yet heard from.

The guerrillas have destroyed several bridges over Wolf Creek, one at Raleigh, on the road by which I had prescribed trade and travel to and from the city. I have a strong guard at the lower bridge over Wolf River, by which we can reach the country to the north of that stream, but as the Confederates have burned their own bridges I will hold them to my order and allow no trade over any other road than the one prescribed, using the lower or Randolph road for our own convenience.

I am still satisfied there is no large force anywhere in the neighborhood. All the navy gunboats are below except the Saint Louis, which lies off the city. When Commodore Davis passes down from Cairo I will try to see him and get him to exchange the Saint Louis for a fleeted boat, not iron-clad, one that can move up and down the river, breaking up ferry-boats and canoes, and preventing all passing across the river. Of course in spite of all efforts smuggling is carried on. We occasionally make hauls of clothing, gold lace, buttons, &amp;c., but I am satisfied that salt and arms are got to the interior somehow. I have addressed the board of trade a letter on this point that will enable us to control this better.

