
WASHINGTON, August 27, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

My dispatch of the 25th is repeated. The object is to prevent officers and men in the Government service from trading in cotton on their private accounts: "The Secretary of War directs that you seize, in the name of the United States, all cotton purchased or shipped by officers or men in the military service of the United States, and turn the same over to the Quartermaster's Department, to be sold on account of whomsoever it may concern."

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,Numbers 210. Memphis, August 27, 1862.

General S. A. Hurlbut will prepare Veatch's brigade with light transportation and two days' rations for a scout; the commanders will report to General Sherman at 7 o'clock this evening for instructions. One hundred of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry will also prepare with two days' rations fora scout; the commanding officer will report in person at these headquarters this evening for instructions.

II. Colonel Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, will prepare 100 men with two days' rations for a rapid scout; the commanding officer will report in person this evening at 7 p.m. for instructions.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 28, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

General Buell asks for re-enforcements. You will give him all the assistance you can spare.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAIRO, ILL., August 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK;

Two divisions have gone to Buell, and two more are expected to guard the line of railroad without sending there. I do not see how I am to further re-enforce him.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 28, 1862-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Cairo and Columbus being within the Ohio Department have I any longer control over the quartermasters at those places? General Rosecrans urges the purchase of two light-draught steamers to be used for the protection of transports on the Tennessee River. He says it is unsafe to depend upon the railroad for the supplies of his command. Shall I take any steps in the matter?

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

