
Holly Springs. We should either hold Holly Springs or select a point whence it could not threaten our road. We can never expect to be advised of the movements of our enemy, because all the people are with them in heart; we can only endeavor to anticipate them. I don't think there are 50 organized secesh within 30 miles, but there will be, and this is not the point where the whole road can be guarded.

Am I to understand your telegram of to-day that I hold the bulk of my division in front of the Junction, or merely take it as one of the points under my protection?

The bridges here, and I suppose at Moscow, are done, and my working parties must push west, and the want of provisions may also compel me to move the bulk of he forces eastward within reach of supplies. I could leave one regiment at the Junction, one at Moscow, and halt the main army, say 10 miles west of Moscow, whence it would be comparatively safe to dispatch wagons. Would this meet your approval?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 20, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, La Grange:

Your forces will guard the road at Grand Junction, while Wallace's division will probably take position near Henando. If possible, avoid destroying mills and road bridges. I hope soon to be able to cut the railroads as far south as the Tallahatchie River The forces of McClernand and Quinby have met and are working on the last bridge. Road to Columbus will be open to Columbus by Wednesday next; McClernand's division will then be available for other duty. Deserters and contrabands report the main force of the enemy at Tupelo, Okolona, Aberdeen, and Fulton-headquarters at Tupelo. They have been taking up the rails between Baldwyn and Tupelo and transporting them south, probably to complete road from Meridian to Uniontown. Telegraph line east still down, and nothing from Washington since 17th.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 20, 1862.

General DENVER, Moscow:

SIR: General Halleck, by telegraph to-day, instructs me to remain in this neighborhood and not move, as I had contemplated, to a point 25-miles from Memphis, where we could have got supplies by wagons; as it is we must push the railroad.

Please send a small guard party to the next break and tell them to use all expedition. I will send the railroad regiment beyond. Write me what amount of damage you have heard of, and, if you can, hire some good men to go down the road into Memphis with a letter to the commanding officer asking him to start a party working in this direction. I am still too sick to be of any use, and if you will push this road so we can get out supplies in eight or nine days I will be much obliged. Write me at length.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

