
ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS,

Iuka, August 28, 1862

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have a disciplined cavalry regiment only half filled. We are in the presence of the enemy superior in numbers, having a cloud of irregulars to do their hard riding and messenger work. It is cruel and impolitic to leave us in this condition, and this is spoken advisedly. You can double our force; that is to say, add five regiments to our cavalry by giving 2,500 revolving rifles and 2,000 revolvers. Even good rifled carbines would add a full regiment to our strength. This is a great matter. You have power. No arms should be given to new troops until old ones are supplied. We are receiving infantry recruits, and the army will need 5,000 Springfield or Whitney rifles within four weeks. Two thousand are wanted to-day to arm those who are in front of the enemy. Wants elsewhere may be pressing; these are extreme. All spare muskets are sent to Saint Louis Arsenal to be issued to new troops, with the distinct understanding that they were to be replaced by first-class arms when required. The public reasons for supplying these troops are strong. I need hardly remind the Secretary it would be one of those things he could do for me personally.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Bolivar, Tenn., August 28, 1862.

Colonel CHAMBERS,

Commanding Fifth Brigade:

SIR: I have just received a dispatch from Major-General Grant to the following effect:

It is reported that a rebel force of 6,000 cavalry have been sent to attack our lines. Keep a sharp lookout.

In case of any alarm during the night you will at once send a staff officer to report to these headquarters.

You will please report in person at 7 o'clock a.m. to-morrow.

By order of Colonel M. M. Crocker, commanding division:

JAMES WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 29, 1862-10.50 a.m.

General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Columbus is not in the new Department of the Ohio, and Cairo, was not intended to be. The arrangement was intended as only temporary in order to get the new troops organized and in the field. If General Grant requires two small-armed boats in the Tennessee River get them for him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

