
GENERAL ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS,

Iuka, August 29, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

With your approval I propose to cover the road to Decatur by the following dispositions:* Eight companies infantry, six cavalry and a section of artillery at Moulton; the same at Russellville; four companies infantry and four of cavalry at Frankfort; one regiment from Tuscumbia to Decatur; two at Tuscumbia. That will require the lines from here to be stretched a little toward Decatur.

Reasons: The valley in which these troops will be placed covers all the approaches to the Tennessee River. The troops can hold it against all guerrillas, and they will be driven into the mountains, where corn is scarce. To attack a force will only give the better chance to retreat or concentrate. A surprise would be no worse there than elsewhere.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General U. S. Army.

IUKA, August 29, 1862.

Major RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have no doubt that the poverty and destitution of the mountaineers in Northern Alabama is such that we could raise a large force for border service. They appear to desire an organization as Alabama troops. I have suggested to them the possibility of being at once organized as Tennessee troops. It is the opinion of Colonel Mizner that this will not effect the purpose. Could you not obtain authority from War Department to organize Alabama and Mississippi regiments? I think the measure should be promptly taken in hand, or the people will be driven by want into brigandage.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

IUKA, August 29, 1862

Major-General GRANT:

Nothing from Buell. Will give these Mississippi and Alabama boys an opportunity to go into the cavalry.

There is no doubt but what on 23rd the troops in Jackson were in a great state of excitement, and Van Dorn under orders for Vicksburg, where they had learned that there was a Federal fleet of eight gunboats and forty transports landing at the mouth of the Yazoo.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS.

August 29, 1862-7 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Independent forces can be organized here, and from here east to Decatur. Shall they be accepted and received into the service? I am only in favor of it when they go into our old organizations.

U. S. GRANT.

Major-General.

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 225, Headquarters Army of the Mississippi, August 30, 1862, p. 193.

---------------

