
POST HEADQUARTERS,

Estanaula, Tenn., August 29, 1862.

Colonel M. K. LAWLER:

SIR: I received your communication advising me of the probable approach of the enemy to attack our lines and the necessity of keeping up a strict watch to prevent being surprised.

I beg leave to state, colonel, that I learn from sources which I deem perfectly reliable that General Bragg is at Guntown with an army of seven brigades of infantry and 6,000 cavalry. He has advanced 2,000 cavalry to within 5 miles of La Grange, Tenn. He is busily engaged repairing bridges on the Mississippi Central Railroad. His cavalry seems to be covering his left wing. I also learn that General Price's headquarters is at Tupelo, Miss.

I receive this news from a source which I deem perfectly reliable and I think can be depended on as being true, as he had ample opportunities to learn all these facts without much personal danger.

There is nothing of importance transpiring here. So far there has been no enemy seen in these parts since my arrival.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Trenton, Tenn., August 29, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: From all the information I can obtain there is some movement in contemplation in West Tennessee by the rebels. They are massing all their cavalry; have drawn in all their guerrilla bands, and everything is very quiet. General Grant telegraphed me last night that they had massed 6,000 cavalry and intended to attack our lines at some point. I have ordered the building of stockades where my forces are weak and entrenchments at Humboldt and this place. There is no position here that is very defensible. I will make a strong abatis around our camp and near the water, which is on rather low ground. The Fourth Illinois Cavalry from Memphis is just coming in. They are weak in men, horses, &c. I do not believe that they have 400 men in all told for duty. I have mounted two companies of infantry at Humboldt, one at Trenton, Kenton, and Union City. The equipments shipped me I have never received and cannot find them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, August 30, 1862.

Colonel HAYNIE, Commanding Post, Bethel:

You will hold your command in readiness to resist any demonstration of the enemy. Brisk skirmishing is now going on at Bolivar. That place attacked by about 4,000 cavalry.

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding First Division.

