
IUKA, August 30, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

We have reliable evidence that 100 of the enemy's cavalry are camped within 6 miles of us, and they expect to attack us to-night. Infantry supposed to be following. We are prepared for them and will "welcome them with bloody hands to hospitable graves." When I had arrived here Colonel Harrington was here and had moved the camp to the depot, as I told you we were expecting to do. Colonel Miles not present; consequently I telegraph.

Yours,

SCHMITT,

Major Twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 225. Iuka, August 30, 1862.

I. Brigadier General D. S. Stanley having been instructed to relieve with his the troops of the First Division, is assigned to the duty of occupying the Tennessee Valley, and guarding the railroad from Iuka to Decatur, the road to Eastport, and the depots at that point.

II. He will for he present occupy Iuka with one brigade, covering with these troops everything as far east as Cane Creek.

III. The other brigade will be posted as follows: Two regiments at Tuscumbia, one on the road thence to Decatur, eight companies of infantry at Moulton, eight at Russellville, and four companies at Frankfort.

General Stanley will order block-houses to be erected, after plans to be furnished from these headquarters, at all the bridges and trestle-works requiring guards, in the most suitable position for commanding the points to be guarded. Should time suffice, defensive works, on plans to be furnished, will also be made at Iuka, Eastport, Tuscumbia, Courtland, and Decatur.

IV. Brigadier-General Granger will direct Colonel Mizner to post six companies of cavalry and a section of artillery at Moulton, six companies and a section of artillery at Russellville and four companies at Frankfort, and to co-operate with the forces of General Stanley fully as heretofore on the same line.

V. Brigadier General E. A. Paine, having reported sick, is relieved from duty. He will turn over the command of his division with his instructions to Brigadier General J. M. Palmer.

VI. Brigadier General J. M. Palmer, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the First (Paine's) Division, and will immediately assume command of it, and carry out with the least possible delay the instructions which will be turned over to him by General Paine.

VII. Brigadier-General Paine is allowed to remain at Tuscumbia for a few days to recruit his health and will report by letter to these headquarters.

By command of General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

First Lieutenant Twelfth Infty. Ohio Vols. Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

13 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

