
the attack on Medon by attacking them the next day, after they crossed at Brownsville, and unless they leave this portion of country before to-morrow night I shall attack them and take the chances. They must have been aware of the movements of our cavalry, as they would not have dared to some so near me if I had my old cavalry force. This now here has only 350 effective men.

I wish to call the attention of the general to the importance of my having one more regiment at least at this place or Humboldt. If one of the new regiments could be obtained to take the place of the Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry it would be of great benefit to the service. The general must be aware that with a large force of the rebels north of the Hatchie I can only act on the defensive, which as all wrong and sure defeat in fighting these rebels. If I can have any spare force I will follow them whenever they cross, no matter how strong they are. All I want is to feel secure on the railroad. They are now moving a force of 2,000 or more on the Tennessee River under Falkner. It is a part of this force that took Huntington. I trust the general will represent these facts to Major-General Grant, and if possible procure a regiment or two for me. I am convinced that General Grant sees the necessity of this. Dyersburg is now in their hands, and it is an easy matter, while they have a lodgment there, to strike the railroad at any point from Humboldt to Big Obion. If I could get arms-rifles or muskets-I could arm three companies of Tennesseeans, who are now at Humboldt.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Trenton, Tenn., September 2, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: There is no doubt but there is a large force of rebel infantry and artillery south of the Hatchie River. They are driving out Union men, who represent them as very strong. I know that they picket all the crossings and that they are much stronger than any force we have this side. Whether they intend to cross any more I cannot surmise. That they have a large force in front of Bolivar I suppose there is no longer any doubt. We as yet have no communication with that place. In the fight near Denmark we lost two pieces of artillery. With the country entirely open east of here, and a chance for them to operate unmolested, they will be able to mass quite a force of renegade Tennesseeans and runaway Kentuckians.

All the prisoners we take agree that Price is moving a force north for the purpose of cutting up our communications and doing what damage he can to keep any of our force going east to Buell. The holding of the road so long between Jackson and Bolivar convinces me that we are underrating their strength. The general may be informed of all their movements from Corinth, but I will keep him posted as far as I can. From the dispatches I get from the south I judge they think that a large force is moving north. Falkner is in command of forces near Dyersburg. The Haywood Rangers are with him. I have spies in his camp, and will know by to-morrow how strong they are.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

