HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Jackson, Tenn., September 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General LOGAN, Cairo:

It is reported that a body of 5,000 cavalry were within 7 miles of this place at sundown-reliable-and intended attacking here-not reliable. My impression is that they intend to cut the road above us. We need more men. Telegraph me on your arrival and departure from Cairo.

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Jackson, Tenn., September 2, 1862.

General JOHN A. LOGAN, Cairo:

Re-enforcements have been sent. The enemy are still in check.

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, KY.,

Via Cairo, Ill., September 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Telegraphic communication is cut off below Jackson. General Ross reports Bolivar invested by a strong rebel force from below. There has been no communication with that place for the last thirty-six hours. He also reports a rebel force of from 6,000 to 8,000 within 7 miles of Jackson, between that place and Denmark. He asks for re-enforcements, but already this place is almost stripped of troops. The new regiments from Illinois do not come forward, it is said, for want of arms. The Seventy-sixth Illinois is now here with but 200 muskets (altered Springfield), half of them useless. Give us arms and we will do more than hold what you have conquered.

I. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.

TUSCUMBIA, September 2, 1862.

General GRANT:

Your dispatches received and orders given accordingly. One brigade will cover Iuka and points east. Tuscumbia must be held till the tents of two divisions and other public property are taken away. Iuka covers Eastport and is the surest way of our getting provisions. It must be well held. Have ordered the troops at Iuka to get ready to move. Will move them as soon as they can replaced. If that is a real attack on Bolivar it will be good for us. We must watch the front.

Leave by hand-car to get train at Barton.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

IUKA, September 2, 1862.

General GRANT:

Brand Stout, detailed from the Twenty-fifth Illinois and serving here in some capacity, has deserted, and the circumstances show a bad case for him. He can and will probably tell everything he knows about our

