
lines. We must change them right away. You will not send Granger's cavalry, will you?

Your dispatch received. I have ordered Stanley to prepare at once with secrecy and dispatch to remove his troops to this place, and instructed not to lose a pound of anything; to cover the movement by an apparent advance southwestward toward Fulton. Similar directions have been given the cavalry under Mizner. It will require four or five days to perfect this.

Please tell me where the Kentucky affair took place.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, September 2, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth:

I telegraphed you yesterday that Colonel Dennis' command, moving in from Estanaula, were surrounded by a superior force of rebels. O sent him all the re-enforcements I could spare, and have not heard yet from the expedition. Bolivar is reported invested by a large force under Price. I can spare no force to assist them being threatened here by largely superior numbers.

Colonel Crocker reports heavy force of enemy at Van Buren and Middleburg and rebel pickets within 4 miles of Bolivar, and has moved all his supplies within the fortifications. A force of rebels, reported 6,000 to 8,000 strong, encamped 7 miles from here last night. General Villepigue is reported to have crossed the Hatchie near Brownsville night before last with infantry and artillery. Can you send me assistance? I send a locomotive with this dispatch, being satisfied that telegrams between here and Corinth are intercepted by the enemy. Being doubtful of this reaching you I telegraphed to General Tuttle to assist us if possible, but have little expectation of help from there.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 3, 1862-12 m. (Via Cairo, Ill., 3 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch for troops to go to Kentucky was received at 12 last night. Arrangements were immediately made to send some troops, but your dispatch could not be made out where they were to go nor what route. They will be sent as promptly as possible. Bolivar has been surrounded for several days, but I think can hold out. Jackson was threatened with strong force of cavalry, estimated at 4,000; I think, however, only four regiments. They were badly handled in our front, again in front of Bolivar, then at Medon, and at last a few miles west from there, which I reported to you. One hundred dead were left on the field. Reports now show that we buried 179 of the enemy's dead. I understand that the whole country around the scene of battle is a hospital for rebel wounded. I have ordered one division from Memphis to Brownsville, and by concentrating the troops west of us at that place I can hold it, if that is important. I will do it at all hazards or be very badly beaten. I immediately telegraphed back for correction of your dispatch.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

