
GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 4, 1862-3.15 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I am hurrying Granger all practicable. Your dispatch was explained by one from General Boyle.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Corinth, Miss., September 4, 1862.

General JOHN A. LOGAN:

If not already you will soon have a force from Sherman's command in supporting distance of you. Be as quiet as possible with your men, to give them all the rest possible.

Price has not moved toward Saulsbury.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Trenton, Tenn., September 4, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I desire to call the attention of the general to the importance of keeping a portion of our troops at Brownsville as a point of defense, and to watch the movements of the enemy. It is superior to any north of the Hatchie. Its position is such that no troops could get by it to do any damage north of the Hatchie without our knowledge. From Humboldt to Brownsville there are only two bridges on the railroad out which could be put in a very short time, giving us railroad and telegraphic communication with the place, and the railroad, running as it does parallel with our present line of communication, can be easily protected. It appears to me as very important that the road should be repaired and the place occupied, as it would keep all small bands of the enemy out of this country and give us due notice of the approach of a large body, with an opportunity to dispute the crossing of the Hatchie. It appears to me that the general commanding the District of West Tennessee, upon proper representation of the importance of a force at that point, would cause it to be occupied.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

BETHEL, TENN., September 4, 1862.

General JOHN A. LOGAN:

I sent scout out yesterday, and this morning at 3 o'clock started others. I will be advised of the approaches of any force this way and advise you.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Colonel, Commanding.

