HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 20, 1862.

General McPHERSON:

General Halleck ordered me to come to this point, which will neces- sitate my utmost energy to reach Memphis with the railroad so as to draw supplies. Can you possibly spare me a locomotive and a few platform cars to hurry forward the work? The breaks here and at Moscow are done, and I must push the Engineer Regiment west on the track. The bridge at Moscow has been built by soldiers.

I am still 50 miles from Memphis-too far to haul provisions in wagons. I have sent into Memphis some empty wagons and must order them to come out loaded, though if possible I must get the track done in five or six days. Instruct your train each day to go as far west as possible, but if you give me a locomotive and cars they can meet at the Junction.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 56. In Field, Corinth, Miss., June 20, 1862.

General Orders, Numbers 54, current series, from these headquarters, of date June 11, 1862, brigading the cavalry of this command and assigning Colonel Dickey, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, to the command thereof, is hereby revoked, and the cavalry will report to the commanding officers of the several divisions to which it was attached before the publishing of said order.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 98. La Grange, Tenn., June 20, 1862.

The Railroad Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Wolfe commanding, will proceed as early as practicable to-morrow morning along the railroad west, and will make such repairs as may be necessary, according to orders (verbal) already received from the general commanding.

By command of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND.

CORINTH, MISS., June 21, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Louis:

The Secretary of War can order you to Washington if he deems proper; but I cannot give you leave, as I think your services here of the greatest possible importance. Your command directly in the face of Beauregard, and I think you should be at its head as soon as you can leave your family.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General QUINBY, Columbus, Ky.:

Send all the troops you can spare to Memphis, but keep everything that will be useful to you in opening the railroad.

H. W. HALLECK.

