
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number -, September 4, 1862.

I. By direction of the general commanding-in-chief Brigadier General Gordon Granger will proceed with the infantry division now under his command, the Second Michigan Cavalry, Colonel P. H. Sheridan commanding, Hescock's battery and Barnett's battery, to Louisville, Ky., and report for orders to Major General H. G. Wright. He will transfer his transportation and spare quartermaster horses to Captain J. W. Taylor, chief quartermaster Army of the Mississippi.

II. The chronic sick of his division will be sent to northern hospital most convenient to his new station, those of the Seventh Kansas and Second Iowa Cavalry to the general hospital at Jackson. Dillon's battery will be ordered to report to Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton, commanding Third Division.

III. General Granger will make his movements with the utmost secrecy and dispatch, covering his front while so doing by the two cavalry regiments he leaves behind. He will relieve Colonel P. H. Sheridan from the command of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, and direct Colonel A. L. Lee to assume command and report by telegraph to Colonel J. K. Mizner.

IV. Colonel J. K. Mizner, Third Michigan Cavalry, will assume command of the cavalry division, Army of the Mississippi.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, Tenn., September 4, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters of the Army:

DEAR COLONEL: Please acknowledge to the major-general commanding the receipt by me of his letter, and convey to him my assurances that I promptly modified my first instructions about cotton so as to condeavor so to control it that the enemy shall receive no contraband goods or any aid and comfort. Still I feel sure that the officers of steamboats are sadly tempted by high prices to land salt and other prohibited articles at way points along the river. This, too, in time will be checked.

All seems well here and hereabouts. No large body of the enemy within striking distance. A force of about 2,000 cavalry passed through Grand Junction north last Friday, and fell on a detachment of the Bolivar army at Middleburg, the result of which is doubtless reported to you. As soon as I heard of the movement I dispatched a force to the southeast by way of diversion, and am satisfied, that the enemy's infantry and artillery fell back in consequence behind the Tallahatchie.

Weather is very hot, country very dry, and dust as bad as possible. I hold my two divisions ready with original complement of transportation for field service. Of course all things must now depend on events in front of Washington and in Kentucky.

The gunboat Eastport and four transports, loaded with prisoners of war, destined for Vicksburg, have been lying before Memphis for two days, but are now steaming up to resume their voyage.

Our fort progresses well, but our guns are not mounted. The engineers are now shaping the banquette to receive platforms. I expect Captain Prime from Corinth in two or three days.

I am, with great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

