
threaten your communications I at once dispatched Veatch's brigade toward Holly Springs, with cavalry on the State Line and Hernando roads to make a big dust and divert attention. I have reason to believe the movement held back the infantry and artillery that was designed to attack Middleburg and Bolivar. I still think the expedition suggested before, which I know met the general's hearty approval, would counteract any movement northward from the direction of Abbeville or Senatobia.

I will again to-day dispatch my cavalry toward hernando for the same purpose. The roads are stifling with dust. You already know that I dispatched thirteen companies of cavalry for Bolivar, and haver received five companies of the Sixth Illinois, and Thielemann's cavalry, now reduced to 80 men, and only 50 horses. I will not give horses to the cavalry till I impress ont them the importance of taking care of what they have. I have sent the Seventy-seventh Ohio, Colonel Hildebrand, to Alton, and now except hourly the battalion of the Thirteenth Regiment Infantry. Guerrillas now are very quiet, and generally things move along quietly and smoothly. We now await with deep anxiety further news from Virginia and Kentucky.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEDON, TENN., September 4, 1862.

General LOGAN:

The enemy were discovered since 9 o'clock; the rumors were about 100 within half mile.

They have fled down the Bolivar road. I cannot even conjecture their force, not deeming it prudent with my small cavalry command to pursue at night, and considering it folly to pursue with infantry.

If you are flush of troops an additional regiment will do no harm.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CORINTH, September 5, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

I am now convinced that the steamers Skylark and Callie burned on the Tennessee River about two weeks ago by rebels was done with the connivance of the captains or Treasury agents.* The steamer Terry, just captured on the same river, was probably done with the connivance of her commander, Captain Klinck. I had just ordered the expulsion of Captain Klinck from our lines on the strength of a letter received, sent through Washington, exposing his secession proclivities, the very morning his brother, the quartermaster, sent him in command of the Terry. Klinck is now in Cairo under arrest.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Brigadier General G. M. Dodge's report of capture and destruction of two steamboats on the Tennessee River, August 18, 1862, Part I, p. 34.

---------------

