
RIENZI, September 5, 1862.

General GRANT:

I think it a matter of great importance for you to occupy Kossuth by a good regiment of infantry. They will have nothing to meet, but the moral effect on the present movement will be fine. The Seventh Kansas will be there by day after to-morrow morning. A squadron of cavalry might go with infantry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Numbers 227. Memphis, Tenn., September 5, 1862.

The Fourth Division, Army of the Tennessee, Brigadier-General Hurlbut commanding, will march via Raleigh, Shelby Station, and the Hatchie Bridge to Brownsville, Tenn., and on arrival General Hurlbut will put himself in communication with the commanding officers at Jackson and Bolivar, and report by letter to Major-General Grant, commanding the District of West Tennessee.

All detachments and extra-duty men from this division are hereby relieved and will join their respective command.

During the march General Hurlbut will take forage and such supplies as the country affords, giving to the owners receipts payable at the pleasure of our Government. He will carry along ten days' supply of rations. The sick of his command unable to travel will be left at the general hospital at Memphis, each man so left behind to be provided with the necessary descriptive list and account of pay, clothing, &amp;c.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Numbers 228. Memphis, September 5, 1862.

General M. L. Smith will post one of his regiments at a point on the Randolph road near the church, with orders to keep one company at Randolph Bridge as a picket. Another regiment will be posted near the Hernando road, near the point now occupied by General Lauman's left.

General Smith will keep up the road guard on the Raleigh, State Line, Pigeon Roost, and Hernando roads, and General Denver will relieve the road guard on the Horn Lake road.

This order to go into effect at once to enable the movements of Brigadier-General Hurlbut's division according to orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, September 6, 1862.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth:

SIR: I had the honor to receive at the hands of Colonel Lagow, aide, the letter of General Grant of September 2. I immediately ordered

