
lieved from duty at Benton Barracks, Mo., and will immediately report in person to Major-General Grant.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Corinth, September &, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

For the information of the general-in-chief I have the honor to report the following changes being made in the disposition of the forces in this district:

The two remaining divisions of the Army of the Mississippi, under command of Major-General Rosecrans, are being collected at this place and form the garrison of Corinth. Rienzi, Jacinto, and Danville will be held for the present. Besides these two divisions there will be here General Davies' division, two brigades of McArthur'a, and the cavalry and artillery, with the exception of one battery, of the entire division. The whole will be under the command of General Rosecrans.

The Jackson command, which guards the road from Bethel to Humboldt and from Jackson to Bolivar, will be under Major-General Ord, the forces remaining as now; that is, the former command of General McClernand has been increased by one brigade from General McArthur's division, and one battery. Two brigades from Memphis will occupy Brownsiville, probably commanded by Brigadier General M. L. Smith. This arrangement gives me Major-General Sherman, commanding on the right; Major-General Ord in the center, and General Rosecrans on the left. With the force at Brownsville the line of the Hatchie will be guarded, and that force will be in readiness to re-enforce Bolivar in case of an attack there, or to occupy that place and leave the present garrison loose to re-enforce Corinth should it become necessary. When this arrangement is entirely completed I will probably move headquarters to Jackson. From that place, with a garrison at Brownsville, I will always be able to communicate with Memphis, by means of courier, in seven or eight hours in case of necessity.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Trenton, Tenn., September 7, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: The larger part of the rebel force that has been between the Forked Deer Rivers has fallen back to the Hatchie, leaving bands of marauders in Haywood County to do what mischief they can. Their camps extend from Brownsville Landing to Estanaula, and they are reported by our spies and Union men as being from 3,000 to 5,000 strong. They are recruiting a large number of men south of the Hatchie and in the counties bordering it on the north.

Where Colonel McCullough is I know not, but judge by their falling

