
back that he must be scouting in Haywood County. If we could have a force at Brownsville to occasionally dash across the Hatchie we could make it too hot even there for them; all their prisoners and our scouts say that they desire to get north of me. The punishment that I have given them in Dyer, Lauderdale, and Haywood Counties makes them bitter. They take all the property of any Union man or any one who even leans that way, negroes and all, and those men who bought the confiscated property at the sales here they punished terribly. A fight occurred in the streets of Denmark Thursday; what it amounted to I know not. The secesh report that their side lost 30 and that the cavalry cut them up terribly and dispersed them in the fourth charge. I trust it is so.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

IUKA, September 7, 1862.

General GRANT:

Report from Hamilton says that information leads him to believe that reports are erroneous, and that no immediate attack is intended, but that Price and Van Dorn have united. Cavalry are out on that route to gather further news.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

IUKA, September 7, 1862.

Colonel WEBSTER, Chiefly of Staff:

If possible we ought to have all the information possible of the roads and paths north and southwest of Corinth and east of Purdy. We may find it greatly to our interest to advance, or if Price should try that to let him cross the Hatchie and then cut him off. Can it be got together?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 187. Corinth, Miss., September 7, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

II. The post-office at Corinth, Miss, will hereafter be under the charge and supervision of the post quartermaster, and its employes will be subject to his orders.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Rienzi, Miss., September 8, 1862.

General C. S. HAMILTON, Jacinto:

GENERAL: I last evening assumed command of this brigade, late Colonel Sheridan's, and now composed of Second Iowa and Seventh

