
CORINTH, MISS., June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM NELSON, Iuka:

Trade on the Tennessee River is now free, except from articles contraband. All that is required is a license from accustom-house inspector.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 21, 1862.

Colonel W. W. LOWE, Fort Henry:

Act of Congress prevents officers from returning slaves to owners, loyal or disloyal. General Orders, Numbers 3, compels you to turn the negro out of your camp as you would any other vagrant. Negroes who have given you important information concerning the enemy will be protected. Negroes who have worked for the Confederate Government are free by act of Congress.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, June 21, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Wallace reports that Captain Burbridge made a cavalry reconnaissance from Union Depot, 13 miles, to Germantown on the 16th instant; that as the advance cavalry entered the rebel pickets left the town, and that a large force of the cavalry were reported to be near, supported by heavy body of troops from Holly Springs; that Colonel Slack, at Memphis, corroborates the report, and that, both hearing that Memphis was to be attacked, he had moved with his detachment from Union Depot to Memphis. I have no corroboration of this report from an officer from Grand Junction, Moscow, La Grange, or Holly Springs; it may be you are more fully advise. Shall I not let General Wallace remain in Memphis for the present, under instructions to continue to guard the roads, and if necessary to take command of post?

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 21, 1862.

General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

On a further examination of your dispatches I see you want our force kept as far east as possible. I will therefore have all of Hurlbut's division here and depend on a few supplies from Corinth till the way is opened to Memphis. I will to-morrow move with my division to a point near La Fayette Station, 7 miles west of Moscow, and thence dispatch a wagon train under cavalry and infantry in for supplies. From that point I can better push the repairs, which are represented as trivial, west of Moscow, and as soon as McPherson can promise me a train I can almost undertake to push it through. At present my repair gangs have to march from break to break. When track is down and we establish our base of supplies I can in one day march back to Junction or to such covering point as your judgment will sanction.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

