
of a large force. One division will arrive from Memphis to Bolivar this evening or to-morrow, which will enable me to use all the force now at the latter place whenever required. Should the enemy come I will be as ready as possible with the means at hand. I do not believe that a force can be brought against us at present that cannot be successfully resisted.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

IUKA, September 9, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Reports from the front show that it is probably four or five regiments of infantry, and that they are in their camp at Baldwyn with no particular sign of movement. I begin very strongly suspect they are practicing a move on us and intend to cover up a movement on Buell's right and rear via Bluntsville, Gunter's Landing, Huntsville, &amp;c. Is it possible they want to push themselves in a position to foil an attack on Vicksburg?

W. R. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

IUKA, September 9, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

A private of Thirty-ninth Ohio, captured while straggling from their camp, just returned from Tupelo, paroled, and with a pass to Bay Springs, dated Tupelo, September 6, signed Brigadier-General Cabell, says he was taken to Baldwyn, thence to Guntown, thence to Saltillo and Tupelo, where he saw General Price; heard two citizens tell him "Damned yankees were coming close, burning, ravishing, and destroying." Price advised them to go home, mind their own business, not shoot any one, as that only made matters worse; he would rectify matters in a week or two. He was told by soldiers that he wanted to know how many engines we had on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, as he wished them all; that the soldiers could not leave till after the fifth; then giving him a pass to go by himself to Bay Springs alone to Mann's company of rebel cavalry; all combined induce me to believe the rebels are playing a game of bluff and very weak, say 12,000 effective.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, September 9, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth:

SIR: I have just heard from General Hurlbut. His column was on Sunday, at 3 p. m., moving in good order near Union Depot, and would move toward Somerville and Bolivar, to a certain point designated in his orders, when he will turn square to the north and move to Hatchie Crossing. The water is very low, and although all the bridges are broken he can easily ford the stream.

