
I hear of Jackson's and Falkner's cavalry, with orders fragments, amounting to about 3,000 men, in his route, but I do not think they will fight him. I think Jackson is waiting for a force from Abbeville, but I have sent Morgan L. Smith's brigade with some cavalry and artillery to the southeast. That will prevent any movement north from that point. The cavalry scout in my last report was fully successful, and I send by this mail Colonel Grierson's report.* I learn that the rebels are constructing a bridge over Coldwater on the Hernando road. To destroy this is a part of General Smith's expedition.

I have just seen a notice in a newspaper that the battalion of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry is at Cincinnati. That is not hardly fair. I detached one of my regiments to relieve this battalion by your order, with the distinct understanding that I was to receive in lieu this battalion, and it now seems I lose both. This is not fair, and I have written to General Wright to that effect. I hope you will do the same. He should either send the battalion at once or let me have the regiment back, viz, the Seventy-seventh Ohio. You know that I have not too large a garrison to hold Memphis and at the same time make offensive moves along the river and into the interior.

The Fifty-second Indiana Engineer Regiment, still attached to General Hurlbut's division, is now on board the steamer Emelin, ordered to land at Fort Pillow, to open communication with General Hurlbut. I do not understand that this regiment is permanently detached from General Hurlbut, though at present operating under Colonel Bissell on the river.

All well here.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 190. Corinth, Miss., September 10, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. The District of Mississippi, commanded by Brigadier-General Quinby, and the District of Cairo, Brigadier General J. M. Tuttle commanding, are hereby merged into one district, to be known and designated as the District of Mississippi, to be commanded by Brigadier General I. F. Quinby, through whom all reports required by regulations and existing orders will be made.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Grierson's report of skirmish at Olive Branch, Miss., Part I, p. 55.

---------------

