
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 11, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

Where are the troops sent to General Wright? They should be pushed forward with all possible dispatch to save Louisville and Cincinnati. There can be no very large force to attack you. Attack the enemy if you can reach him with advantage.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

Corinth, Miss., September 11, 1862-7.30 p. m.

(Received September 12, 10.50 a. m.)

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

Everything indicates that we will be attacked here in the next forty-eight hours, and at present the route indicated is by the southwest. I will be ready at all points. General Rosecrans is not yet in with all his forces, but will be by to-morrow night. Price's forces are estimated at from 36,000 to 40,000. I cannot believe he has half that number of good troops. He may have conscripts to a large number.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

IUKA, September 11, 1862.

General GRANT:

The following is a copy sent to Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton:

JACINTO.

Telegraphed you that Mower was at Barnett's. Fourteen companies of cavalry will be on that same point this evening, a little west and south, on the Bay Springs road; two regiments have gone to Burnsville; two more will follow to-night; two more to-morrow. Our maps show three roads from Jacinto to Corinth-Glendale road by Mrs. Taylor's and Campbell's Mill, and the two crossing Hurricane at Van Derferd's and Rorey's Mill. Mitchell's Mill commands both, and Hurricane is a bad stream to cross. Should the rebels advance on you in force feel and get them in front and stop their advance guard, and quietly and firmly withdraw by these routes, obstructing their passage at advantageous points. Break down the bridges on Hurricane, fell trees, and fight them, but not to entangle yourself, falling back toward your old camp at Clear Creek, where I think we can find a good battle ground. Your baggage should take the Glendale road, covered by a regiment and section of artillery. Establish at once and maintain an efficient line of communication to headquarters.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

IUKA, September 11, 1862.

General GRANT:

Do Bois finds nothing east of the Hatchie. Where are these troops? I don't believe a large force is in motion, for our reports put them all near old positions on 8th instant. Your orders will be promptly obeyed. We must use trains.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

