
IUKA, September 11, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

All our troops have orders to have their three days' cooked rations, and all spare regiments move west to-night; those east of Bear Creck to it; those here to Burnsville. I will order those tents to be dumped and wagons to move only with ammunition and provisions.

Please let me know if the move is on the Pocahontas road, for DuBois says the Ripley front is clear. It is important for me to know all, so as to give orders to Hamilton.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

IUKA, September 11, 1862.

General GRANT:

That force has been at Crockett's for two days, and seems probably to be two regiments of cavalry with a support of two of infantry. Considering all things I see nothing in this to alarm us.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, DISTRICT OF WEST TENN.,In Camp near Hatchie, September 12, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS:

SIR: Last night at half-past 8 I received through Generals Logan and Ross your orders to move on Bolivar. I had more than half completed a bridge across the Hatchie and should have been in Brownsville to-night.

My march from Raleigh was directed on Somerville, and I showed my head of column on that road as far as Hickory Withe, where I turned toward Brownsville. This was under Major-General Sherman's advice to relieve our forces at Bolivar by showing a strong column on the flank of any attacking force.

We have had to repair bridges and makes roads and are delayed, but I expected to be in Bolivar by Saturday night or Sunday morning. My provisions will be out by that time and I shall expect notice where to draw.

On of my regiments, the Fifty-second Indiana, is now, I suppose, at Fort Pillow, and will move thence by land to join me at brownsville. They will require orders to move on from Brownsville to Jackson, which should be sent from Jackson to Brownsville. If they have not left Fort Pillow I wish orders sent to them either for the overland march or to be moved by boat to Columbus and thus to join the division. There is no force except scattered guerrillas within 20 miles of me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, September 12, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: I have been waiting for definite news from the interior to con-

