
ROSECRANS', September 15, 1862.

General GRANT:

Colonel Crocker has not yet reported. I am told that the train going to Iuka leaves in fifteen minutes, but whether with troops or not I do not know. Have sent a dispatch to Colonel Mower, from whom I have not yet heard, to conduct his movement as a reconnaissance. Should Colonel Crocker go out he will consider these his orders if the ranks Mower.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Clear Creek, September 15, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Commanding:

GENERAL: Yours, including list of prisoners paroled and to be exchanged, is received. I dispatch the letter to Colonel Du Bois, with orders to send it down by a handsome escort, the officers to be selected for shrewdness and gentlemanly deportment. They are instructed to obtain, if possible, and bring back a reply.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 82. Memphis, September 15, 1862.

All seizures of personal property, contraband or otherwise, by brigade guard and pickets, provost guard, or other parties in the service of the United States will hereafter be sent to the provost-marshal's office, who will forthwith, after entering the same in his register of such property, turn the same over to the post quartermaster, taking his duplicate receipt therefor, one of which will be sent to the Quartermaster-General. The provost-marshal will caution the post quartermaster not to part with the horses, saddles, mules, &amp;c., of prisoners taken until after a trial, if a doubt exists as to whether they are certainly confiscated, in which cases such horse, &c., may be used, but not issued to regiments until after conviction.

The post quartermaster will keep a separate account of all such seizures, and will issue them to the department to which they may be appropriate: Arma and ammunition to the ordnance officer; provisions to the division commissary; medicines to the division surgeon; and wagons, carriages, horses, mules, harness, &c., he will transfer to other quartermaster or take up on his own returns, according to the necessities of services, the object being to place all captured property in the hands of a proper Government agent in the first instance that it may be traced. The quartermaster may give preference to the brigade or regiment that effects the capture and seizure, provided that there be no other more pressing demand. But any officer or soldier who takes and appropriates to his own use or that of his associates any horse, wagon, or other article of captured property will be deemed guilty of peculation or pillage and tried by a general court-martial.

Any officer or soldier who now has possession of any property hitherto captured of the enemy or of persons trying to evade our police regulations will, through his brigade quartermaster or commanding officer, see that the same is turned in as above directed, any may afterward draw

