
it according to the Army Regulations, if so entitled. The Government of the United States pays its agents salaries which compensate them in full, and the Government is of course entitled to the benefit of all property captured of the enemy. If any articles be captured such as are not needed by any one of the army departments the post quartermaster will submit a list of the same from time to time to the commanding officer, who will order the sale thereof at Memphis, Saint Louis, or elsewhere, but no sale will be vials without such order.

All requisitions for captured property must be approved the same as if the articles had been procured by purchase.

The provost-marshal, if in need of money or property, will make accounts against the Government, which accounts, when approved by the commanding general, will be paid by the post quartermaster and charged against the fund in his hands arising from sale as above or the rents of houses seized for account of the Government. But in no event will the provost-marshal, or any one in his employ, sell, convert, or give away any article whatever coming into his possession from the provost guard or from any of the guards, pickets, or sentinels of the command. When rewards are offered they can be paid as other accounts and not otherwise.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

Near Corinth, Miss., September 16, 1862-8 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

For ten days or more the enemy have been hovering in our front in reported large force. I have watched their moves closely until I could concentrate my forces. All are now in good shape. Hurlbut's division has come from Memphis to Bolivar and about 6,000 troops from Bolivar brought here. General Price is southeast from us, near Bay Springs, moving northeast. It is reported that Van Dorn and Breckinridge are to join and attack. From the best information they cannot reach here under four days. My views is they are covering a move to get General Price into East Tennessee. If I can I will attack Price before he crosses Bear Creek. If he can be beaten there it will prevent either the design to go north or to unite forces and attack here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

The following just been received from Colonel Mower, and is the latest information we have, dated Burnsville:

I have already reported that the people in the vicinity say Price is at Iuka with a strong force. I don't know whether it is reliable or not; I am going to see.

J. A. MOWER,

Colonel Eleventh Missouri Volunteers.

Hamilton report nothing new; all quiet in his vicinity. Cavalry officers think Price is on the Fulton and Iuka road. Scouts are out to ascertain the facts; are expected in soon. Du Bois reports all quiet in his vicinity.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

