SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 239. Corinth, September 17, 1862.

I. The troops of this army will move with five days' rations, three cooked, in haversacks, short rations of forage for animals, 100 rounds of ammunition per man (40 in cartridge-boxes), and without baggage. They will take only the necessary transportation to carry the forage and spare rations and ammunition and a few hospital stores. The ambulances will accompany the troops.

The spare transportation of each regiment will be sent with the regimental property neatly packed in it to Corinth, under guard of such convalescent sick as will not be able to endure the fatigues of a march, under the charge of a responsible officer, where the entire transportation of the army will be parked defensively in some suitable position convenient to water. The guards of the train will be organized under the direction of Lieutenant Colonel H. G. Kennett and placed under the command of the senior officer, who will see that they are armed, attend four daily roll-calls, and perform camp guard duty. Necessary tents for their encampment will be taken from the trains of the regiments to which they belong.

* * * * * * * *

The sick will be sent, with their proper papers, under suitable care to Corinth, with orders to report there to Surg. A. B. Campbell, medical direction, who will see that they are provided for and who will give receipts to the conductors of the sick-trains, as much suffering results from neglect. Regimental and detachment commanders are enjoined to see that the sick of their commands have their proper papers before they go, golding their medical officers responsible therefor.

Fifty rounds spare ammunition per man will be supplies by Lieutenant Charles R. Thompson, ordnance officer. Regimental commanders will direct two wagons to report to Lieutenant Thompson at the ordnance depot in Corinth for the purpose of receiving it. A train guard of 15 men will go with the wagons.

* * * * * * * * *

II. The commanding officer First Brigade will as soon as practicable comply with General Orders, Numbers 100, paragraph 11, and forward proceedings to the commanding officer of the division.

* * * * * * * *

By order of General Rosecrans:

H. G. KENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 18, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

General Butler telegraphs me from New Orleans that the enemy is constructing two iron-clad vessels high up the Yazoo River, and thinks they can be reached by a small land force from Memphis or Helena. Consult with General Steele and the commander of the flotilla, and, if possible, destroy these vessels before their completion.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

15 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

