HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Bolivar, Tenn., September 18, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of West Tenn., Corinth, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of order, a copy whereof is hereto annexed, the Fourth Division marched from Memphis, Tenn., on the morning of September 6, 1862, at 11 o'clock.

It accordance with the suggestions of Major General W. T. Sherman and in conformity with his advice the line of march was so far changed as to leave Shelby to the north-this for the purpose of throwing the head of column so far toward Somerville as should seem advisable to relieve any force which might be at Bolivar. The course of the march was to Raleigh, northeast; thence almost direct east to Green Bottom; thence to Cypress Creek, where, the prevalence of rain rendering the roads impassable for artillery, the column halted one day. At Cypress Creek the column was turned sharp;y to the north, passing through Hickory Withe, across the Loosahatchie, the bridge over which had been held by an advance of cavalry. On the 10th the march was continued as far as the Muddy. On the same evening a bridge was built across the Muddy to replace that one which had been heretofore destroyed. An advance force was thrown forward to the Hatchie and to Brownsville and the erection of a bridge over the Hatchie was commenced. On the 11th evening, the bridge over the Hatchie being well-night completed, orders for the progress to Brownsville were delivered, but countermanded on the receipt of communication, a copy whereof is hereto annexed.*

Upon the morning of September 12 the column marched southwest to Wesley; thence southeast through Dancyville to Bear Creek, where it bivouacked that night.

On the morning of the 13th September marched at daylight to Clear Creek,where it rested, proceeding at 2 p. m. to Bolivar, where it encamped upon Ross' command.

Herewith I have the honor to inclose journal of march, showing roads, water, &amp;c., for the guidance of future operations; also report of the force with marched.*

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully,

[S. A. HURLBUT],

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BOLIVAR, September 18, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

The roads below me are impracticable for artillery from heavy rain, which is still impending.

General Ross' artillery and wagon trains are here in my charge and without forage. In all we have 4,500 animals, and forage must be sent by rail, as heretofore ordered. The country around cannot support this train except for a day or two.

I assume you do not wish my entire command to demonstrate, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

