
shall therefore send five regiments of infantry, one battalion of cavalry, and twelve pieces as soon as the roads will admit. I wish instructions, however, to proceed, and would prefer them by messenger, as there will be ample time before these clay hills are passable.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 18, 1862.

General GRANT:

I telegraphed to Captain [Samuel] Simmons last night to send rations to Colonel Mower, Ross having taken 10,000 which I had ordered, thus preventing Mower's movement until his rations arrived. The telegraph dispatch was not delivered until to-day. Have ordered Mower to move down and join Stanely, making arrangements for his rations to follow him. The rain and darkness prevented Stanely from making progress until this morning. We shall all be concentrated at Jacinto by about 2 o'clock and move forward to the vicinity of the Bay Springs road to-night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. ENCAMPMENT, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September 18, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District West Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. General Stanley's division arrived after dark, having been detained by falling in the rear of Ross through fault of guide. Our cavalry 6 miles this side of Barnett's; Hamilton's First Brigade 8, Second Brigade 9 miles this side; Stanley near Davenport's Mills. We shall move as early as practicable, say 4.30 o'clock a. m. This will give 20 miles march for Stanely's division to Iuka. Shall not therefore be in before 1 or 2 o'clock, but when we come in will endeavor to do it strongly. Troops are in good order. Should there be any reason to believe the enemy not in Iuka you will advise us by vedette line, which will follow headquarters at short intervals. Colonel Mizner will establish scouts south and east of us. everything so far goes to show that their movement has taken place on the road from Marietta that passes above Bay Springs, which he will cause to be examined early to-morrow morning, and the reconnaissance will extend, if practicable, over on to Fulton and Iuka roads.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

BURNSVILLE, MISS., September 19, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

Your dispatch directing that Price should not be permitted to get into Tennessee is just received. My forces are now here. Enemy's pickets and ours within a few hundred yards. General Rosecrans is south of the enemy moving on him, while Ord attacks from the west. Corinth is well watched at a long distance out, and unless the approach of a

