
large force on that place should call us back I think it will be impossible for Price to get into Tennessee. I will do all in my power to prevent such a catastrophe.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

BURNSVILLE, MISS., September 19-7.35 p. m.

Via Cairo, Ill., September 20, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Before leaving Corinth I instructed General Hurlbut at Bolivar to make a great fuss at preparing for a move, and to let word leak out that he expected large re-enforcements there and at Memphis, when a combined movement would be made on Grenada and the Yazoo to destroy boats on that river. The object of this is obvious, but was before your dispatch for this very move to be made real.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,September 19, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN:

GENERAL: In obedience to telegraphic orders from Major-General Grant you will march to-morrow toward Grand Junction. You will make camp below Middleburg (say 12 to 14 miles from here), and push your cavalry forward as far as possible toward Davis' Mill.

It is believed that a force, 2,000 or 3,000, is camped on Wolf River, building a railroad bridge across that stream.

If advisable-that is, safe-destroy that bridge and crush the head of column there.

Give out that this command is about to move, being heavily re-enforced from Columbus; that Sherman, from Memphis, and Steele, from Helena, on the west, are concentrating toward Grenada.

Feel the enemy strongly and ascertain their strength. If they retreat or disperse in front of you destroy the bridge. If they prove too strong to attack safely send me word or draw back if danger is imminent. I need not say to you that the most perfect discipline must be observed and the command in readiness for action at a moment's notice. The movement is a mere demonstration, never letting go your safe return to Bolivar, unless the weakness of the enemy or some favorable circumstances make it advisable to attack in reality.

Much is left to your discretion, and in that I confide.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, TENN., September 19, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Corinth:

I move Lauman's brigade-five regiments of infantry, twelve pieces of artillery, and two battalions of Second Illinois Cavalry-toward Grand Junction to-morrow morning, with instructions not to engage unless the advantage is on our side; but if an opening occurs to break is and destroy bridge at Davis' Mill. I hold the other brigade to support them of overmatched.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Brigadier-General.

