
ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 45. La Grange, Tenn., June 21, 1862.

I. General Denver will detail one regiment to remain as a guard to the bridge at Moscow and to complete the work beyond there, and with the remaining regiments will move forward about 10 miles and select ground suitable for a camp to the whole division; such ground, if possible, to be south of the road and covered in great part with shade trees, water being of course the first consideration.

Colonel McDowell will move his brigade forward to the same place, beginning his march this afternoon. General Morgan L. Smith will march early to-morrow morning forward to the camp to be selected by General Denver.

II. General Hurlbut will occupy La Grange with his division. The cavalry of each division will on marches constitute its rear guard, and will summarily punish stragglers found committing depredations on private property. We may have to draw pretty freely on the inhabitants for forage and rations, but this must only be done in the manner fixed in orders.

The regiments left at La Grange will be supplied from Corinth until the road to Memphis is open, but the bulk of our army must depend on our wagons, and these must be held ready on arrival at camp to be dispatched into Memphis for supplies:

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, June 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Beauregard left Okolona on the 15th, but whether going to Richmond, Charleston, or Chattanooga is uncertain. According to last advices only 3,000 of his troops had left. Some say they have gone to Mobile, others to Vicksburg, and others to Chattanooga.

I doubt very much if any troops have been or will be sent from here to Richmond. General Nelson reported this morning that General price, with 10,000 to 15,000 men, was moving from Fulton toward Tuscumbia to fall on Buell's rear to cut off his supplies and destroy railroad. I have sent three divisions against him. We must either fight by the 24th or fall back. The enemy are making demonstrations in various directions to induce us to scatter our forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON, Iuka:

General Thomas' division will immediately march to your relief. General Rosecrans will also throw a force on the enemy's flank by the Jacinto road.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

