
and that upon being satisfied to its truth General Price or whoever commands here will avoid useless bloodshed and lay down his arms.

There is not the slightest doubt of the truth of the dispatch in my mind.

This by permission of General Grant.

Yours,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Volunteers.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, September 18, 1862.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Left Wing:

Following dispatch just received, which you will read early in the morning to the troops under you command:

CAIRO, September 18, 1862.

General GRANT:

The reports from Washington this evening contain intelligence of general engagement on 16th near Sharpshburg, between rebel army under General Lee and Union forces. Hotly contested all day and renewed on morning of 17th, rebels having been re-enforced during the night by Jackson's army and Union army by 30,000 men from Washington, and entire force on both sides engaged until 4 p. m., at which time Hooker gained position, flanked rebels, and threw them into disorder.

Longstreet and his entire division prisoners. General Hill killed. Entire rebel army of Virginia destroyed, Burnside having reoccupied Harper's Ferry and cut off Retreat.

General Hooker slightly wounded. Action very sanguinary. Requisitions for surgeons and hospital supplies larger than ever before.

Latest advices say entire rebel army must be captured or killed, as Potomac is rising and our forces pressing the enemy continually.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Superintendent.

By command of Major-General Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Colonel and Aide-de-Campt.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY ADVANCE,In the Field, September 19, 1862.

Colonel LEGGETT,

Commanding United States Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding officer of the Confederate forces near Iuka directs me to inform General Ord through you that he does not credit the dispatches from Cairo which the latter has so kindly forwarded to him, and that if the facts were as stated in those dispatches they would only move him and his soldiers to greater exertions in behalf of their country, and that neither he nor they will ear lay down their arms-as humanely suggested by General Ord-until the independence of the Confederate States shall have been acknowledge by the United States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

-------

-------

,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

