
think, last night. Van Dorn, Villepigue, Bowen, Rust, and Colonel Helm are along. They may move back to Wolf River for water, but I expect an attack. They started with one day's rations. This information from an intelligent deserter. There is fine water near Van Buren, about 8 miles, and I expect them to camp there to-day. If they do not fall back to Davis' Mill they will of course attack.

I desire orders. I shall of course hold this place, unless ordered to the contrary, to the last extremity. The force, as reported, is very heavy. Breckinridge, with one-of his brigades, has gone to Chattanooga.

HURLBUT,

General.

NEAR CORINTH, MISS.,

Via Cairo, Ill., September 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Bolivar is now threatened with an attack from Villepigue, a portion of Breckinridge's forces, and possibly some other troops. They marched in three column from Davis' Mill, about 7 miles south of Grand Junction, and will reach to-day, about 8 miles south of Bolivar. They have twenty regiments infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and five batteries artillery. Hurlbut will be so re-enforced to-night as to hold the place if attacked, and to take the initiative if threatened and not attacked. I shall go to Jackson to-morrow, and Bolivar, if necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, September 22, 1862.

General GRANT:

My patrols advise me that the enemy is concentrating in large force 8 miles on the Grand Junction road. I think they will attack early in the morning.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General.

JACINTO, September 22, 1862, VIA RIENZI.

(Received September 22.)

General GRANT:

GENERAL: We arrived here to-night. Chickasaw* escaped from the rebels at Bay Springs and rejoined us to-night. He heard one lieutenant say to another that they were going to the place came from, either Baldwyn, Guntown, or Tupelo. The prisoners were taken to the rear on the morning to be out of the way in the fight which they were told was to come off next day. The train was started out at 3 a. m., and Price went back with a part of the advance guard. When they found out that they were retreating some of the officers said, "Now we have all these forces up here, if Breckinridge and Van Dorn don't attack Memphis we will throw up our commissions."

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*L. H. Naron, a scout.

---------------

