HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, September 22, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Nothing whatever of interest has occurred here since my last. According to the most reliable information up to Wednesday last Breckinridge was at Davis' Mill repairing the railroad and Villepigue at Coldwater. The guerrillas are either getting tired of their vocation or are doing their cause more harm than ours.

Things in town move along quietly and harmoniously, so far as appearances go, and all the worlds is awaiting news from Maryland, Kentucky, and your quarter. With the defenses of Memphis as now guarded a direct assault is not apprehended; but to be of use I ought to have men enough to operate inland. I think Steele will strike at Grenada, and the quicker we break effectually all railroads the better. We cannot use railroads without having detached guards, and the sooner both bellingerents come down to common roads the better. I have a letter from General Steele, at Helena, from which I infer he is also waiting the issue of events above.

I write merely to assure the general that all is well here.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 23, 1862-2.30 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

Arrange with General Curtis at Saint Louis in regard to Steele's cooperation. New troops will be sent you as soon as they can be spared.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JACINTO, September 23, 1862-3 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Information shows that only two regiments of Price's troops had reached the railroad last evening. Rear guard at least staid at Bay Springs yesterday. Country all clear and quiet to 4 miles below Blackland and west to the Hatchied. Shall put a brigade of Stanley's division at Rienzi to-morrow. Am getting full information of the routes by which we should march down. Anxiously await news from you.

O, that Corinth could be left to take care of itself!

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, September 23, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Two loads of Ross' troops have come; the others will not be in before night. The enemy have unquestionably, from all reports, fallen back to Davis' Mill, about 10,000 strong. Cavalry are out in pursuit.

I could [not?] move this morning because Ross' troops did not arrive and the enemy have a day's start. Do you wish me to move on La Grange and Davis' Mill with my own division? My stock is out of forage, and I must send this afternoon for a supply into the country.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General.

