
TRENTON, September 23, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

U. S. Grant's Headquarters:

A deserter from the Seventh Kentucky, under Breckinridge, [who] came in here this morning, is a man I know. He left Davis' Mill, on Coldwater, Friday morning. Breckinridge was then there with 8,000. Two of the Kentucky regiments had been ordered south, their time being out, and the officers were afraid that they would desert if they came north. He says they were gong to Tennessee and Kentucky to join Bragg, there was a large force of conscripts and released prisoners at Jackson when they left that place, and that they had been furloughed sixty days. About 100 left with this man; several have come in. He reports Jackson's cavalry between Somerville and Memphis, and that they caught several of his party.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., September 24, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of the 23rd is received. The enemy being driven from his position in front of Bolivar by the rapid return of troops drawn from there to re-enforce Captain, and everything now promising quiet in our front for a short time, I shall go to Saint Louis in person to confer with General Curtis.

To communicate rapidly with the gunboat fleet and General Sherman at Memphis I would have to visit Columbus, and to go to Saint Louis will keep me away but little, if any, longer from my post than if I should not go. It will also save the possibility of my plan leaking out through the telegraph officers on the route. Another reason for my going is the fact that for several weeks my health has not been good, and although improving for the last few days, I feel that the trip will be of benefit to me. Hoping my course will meet with your approval, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1862.

General McARTHUR:

The enemy who were before Bolivar are reported to have fallen back. Will you please organize all your available cavalry for a scout down to Hatchie to feel if the enemy are approaching Middletown or Pocahontas or are making any attempt to cross the Hatchie and approach the railroad north of us? Send word to commander at Chewalla to be on the alert.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, September 24, 1862.

Colonel C. C. WALCUTT,

Forty-sixth Ohio Volunteers:

SIR: The object of the expedition you have been detailed for is to visit the town of Randolph, where yesterday the packet Eugene was

