
direction of Colonel Bissell. I am just informed that there are still at the fort several guns spiked-I know not how well-and gun-carriages. There are many guerrillas in that section of Tennessee; they will probably take possession of the fort, and by mounting the guns would give our transports trouble. I think Commodore Davis would be willing to guard it and the crossings of the rebels with a gunboat. I am informed that large amounts of contraband goods are shipped from Saint Louis for points in the vicinity of Fort Pillow.

I. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 83. Corinth, Miss., September 24, 1862.

The District of West Tennessee will, until otherwise directed, be divided into four divisions, as follows:

I. The First Division, commanded by Major General W. T. Sherman, will embrace all the territory south of the Hatchie and west of Bolivar occupied by our troops; headquarters at Memphis.

II. The Second Division will embrace all territory south of the Kentucky line and to the Hatchie on the west and Bethel Station on the east, including Bolivar, south of the Hatchie, Major General E. O. C. Ord commanding. It will be the duty of the commanding officer of the Second Division to guard all the railroads within his district. Headquarters will be at Jackson or Bolivar, at the option of the commander.

III. The Third Division, Major General W. S. Rosecrans commanding, will embrace all the territory now occupied by the Army of the Mississippi and by the forces at present commanded by Major-General Ord; headquarters at Corinth, Miss. It will be the duty of this division to guard the railroad south from Bethel from Chewalla so far as the country is occupied by our troops.

IV. The Fourth Division, Brigadier General I. F. Quinby commanding, will be composed of what are now known as the Districts of Cairo and of the Mississippi, including Forts Henry and Donelson, and exclusive of that portion lying in the State of Tennessee and along the line of the railroads.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Numbers 250. Memphis, September 24, 1862.

Colonel J. A. McDowell will prepare a regiment of infantry at 4 p. m. this day. He will cause it to be thoroughly inspected, to see that each man is provided with arms, ammunition (100 rounds), haversacks, canteens, &amp;c.

The quartermaster, Captain Fitch, will character a good steamboat, capable of carrying 500 men and two field pieces, to be in service three days, and also engage passage on this afternoon's packet for 100 men as far up as Fort Pillow, to be returned by the chartered boat.

Major Tylor, chief of artillery, will have a good section of rifled guns, with their due proportion of horses and men, at the levee at 2 o'clock p. m. to embark on the chartered boat.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

