
SAINT LOUIS, September 25, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD:

General Hurlbut telegraphs me that rebels are strongly re-enforced and threaten him. Watch in that direction, and, if necessary, re-enforce him all you can. Communicate with General Rosecrans also.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 25, 1862.

General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Bolivar, Tenn.;

I have communicated to Ord and Rosecrans the substance of your telegram, and instructed that you be re-enforced to any extent that may be necessary. Communicate with Ord until my return.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, September 26, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have received and accepted the appointment of major-general of volunteers for "meritorious services in Western Virginia," to date from the 17th of September, 1862.

A feeling of shame and indignation came over me as I wrote the acceptance. If fighting successful battles having important results; if successfully defending a mountainous country against an active and powerful foe; if pacifying and restoring law and order to a vast region with 300 miles of mountain frontier, and the successful administration of a department deserved anything from the hands of the Government it deserved my promotion form the date of the close of these services crowned with success. But what do I find? Why, I find myself promoted junior to men who have not rendered a tithe of the services nor had a tithe of success. I find myself ordered from the command of an army whose confidence I possess-a separate army in the field-to go and take subordinate position in a new and unformed one, where Buell, Granger, Gilbert, Schenck, Lew. Wallace, Tom Crittenden, and Bully Nelson are my seniors.

Were it not a crisis for the country I would not trouble you to intercede in my behalf but would at once resign. As it is a crisis I beg you to intercede for me, that some measure of justice may be done me.

If I have deserved anything for my services in Western Virginia my rank should date from the close of those services, and that is what I ask in the name of justice. I know and the country knows the strength of this demand. I trust it may seem to the administration, as to me, that no statesman or government ever gains by partiality and injustice.

My dear general, amid the great cares and anxieties of your position it is a tax to read a personal letter, but be assured I shall not fail to appreciate and repay, sooner or later, any care or intervention of yours in this matter. I would be most happy to write you, but feel fearful it would tax your time.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, and Major-General, Volunteers.

