
soon be forgotten. Recent developments seem to show conclusively that her final destruction was partially, at least, owing to the severe shock she received from the Queen of the West, which disarranged her engine and caused her machinery to break down. If at the time of that action the Queen had been iron-clad, so that she could with partial impunity have for ten minutes longer endured the terrific fire she was exposed to, the Arkansas would never again have left her anchorage.

I trust that you will excuse me for the liberty of thus addressing you, and in apology can only say that the question seems to me of such grave importance, the preparation so far as I can see so small to meet it, that I have felt emboldened, from my knowledge of your energy to provide to meet emergencies, to address you this letter.

With sentiments of highest esteem and unlimited confidence, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Colonel, Commanding Ram Fleet.

CORINTH, September 29, 1862.

Major RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have not reported to the major-general commanding the details of the Pocahontas capture, because full reports are not in yet. All but about 400 of our men have come in; some 75 or 80 horses and about as many carbines. The rebels are reported to have burned the Pocahontas Bridge completely and left some horses on this side. Eight companies of Third Michigan Cavalry are out there now, and we shall have reports in soon. Stanley will be in Rienzi to-day. Our scouts surprised and routed a party of shot-gun cavalry 5 miles from Ruckersville yesterday.

Nothing but general report of Price moving west or south.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 206. Jackson, Tenn., September 29, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General G. M. Dodge is hereby assigned to the command of the Fourth Division, District of West Tennessee, headquarters at Columbus, Ky., during the temporary absence of Brigadier General I. F. Quinby.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Numbers 255. Memphis, September 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General Denver will detach one regiment of his brigade and a section of artillery to proceed by river to Randolph and bring away the six guns reported as being at that point abandoned by the

