
rebels. These guns will be either brought away or rolled into deep water of the river.

The officers in command of this detachment will attack any body of guerrillas found at that place or in the neighborhood. The assistant quartermaster, Captain Fitch, will provide a suitable steamboat for the expedition.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman;

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., September 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Price is now at Ripley, Van Dorn at Somerville, and Villepigue at Salem. It looks as if Van Dorne was trying to effect a lodgment on the Mississippi above Memphis. Threatened at all other points, I cannot send out forces to drive him away. If Helena troops could now be sent across the river I think they would meet with no difficultly in getting to Grenada, and perhaps down on to the Yazoo.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, September 30, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

News in this a. m. No signs of the enemy at Hatchie Crossing yesterday. Rumors continue to come, as the following from Hamilton: A citizen scout just in says he saw a secesh soldier whom he knew who says Price, Van Dorn, and Breckinridge had effected a junction and would go to Tennessee through Purdy. Stanely says citizen scouts report Price from Ripley, and would rest in Ripley; don't know where he would go from thence. My reasons for proposing to put Stanley at or near Kossuth is that he would cover all the Hatchie crossings, except heavy forces as far as Pocahontas. Hamilton would them move at least one brigade from Rienzi. Look out from southeast from Bolivar.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, TENN., September 30, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

My best information is that with the exception of a strong advance guard at Davis' Mill a large portion of the enemy have gone east below Saulsbury. I think Van Dorn is in camp below La Grange, say at Ammon's Bridge, and so down Wolf River to Moscow, with a cavalry advance guard near Somerville. It would be well to look to the bridge partly constructed by me over the Hatchie, 7 miles south of Brownsville. My cavalry patrols go daily within 10 miles of Somerville, but report no force guerrillas.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

