
General Rosecrans will push a division forward on the Jacinto road to threaten the enemy's flank.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, June 22, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Third Division, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 18th instant is received. The absence of further instructions from general headquarters has made it unnecessary to communicate with you for a few days past. Major-General Halleck has been advised of your entrance into Memphis and the reasons for it. You will remain there or at any point on the line occupied by your division at your discretion until otherwise directed. It is desired and expected that you will continue your efforts to prevent railroads within your reach from being injured.

A detachment General Sherman's division (General Smith's brigade) has been to Holly Springs and even beyond. No enemy is reported to be there. Major General U. S. Grant, commanding district of West Tennessee, is no his way to Memphis, where he proposes establishing his headquarters when Memphis shall have been secured. Would not Bolivar or Grand Junction be a desirable and suitable place for your headquarters?

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVES,Camp, Jackson, June 22, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Memphis:

It is desirable that you should send your dispatches in future directly to me.

What are General Sherman's men doing that he has called for yours? Your purpose to repair the Mobile and Ohio Railroad is approved.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, June 22, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

SIR: Not knowing the telegraph was in operation to your headquarters I have sent dispatches to Colonel Kelton direct; I will forward copies by messenger. Availing myself of your permission, I will remain at Memphis a few days. Hard service has reduced my cavalry force to about 80 effective men, hardly enough to scour clean for guerrillas and cotton burners. At the earnest request of General Sherman I have detached two of my regiments from this post to work out on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Soon as General Grant arrives I will detach working detachments on the Memphis and Ohio Railroad.

LEW. WALLACE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

