
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS BOLIVAR, TENN.,

Numbers 108. October 1, 1862.

All forces in this command will be held in readiness for action at the shortest notice. One day's cooked rations at all times in haversacks; transportation kept close to several camps; artillery horses harnessed, except in the case of batteries in forts.

The entire cavalry force will be ready for duty, if required, by sunrise. The greatest vigilance will be observed as to guards and patrols, and rapid reports made to brigade and division headquarters of any movement discovered.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 1, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Corinth:

GENERAL: Your unofficial letter of the 26th ultimo is just received. It would have given me the greatest pleasure if your commission could have been dated back, but the War Department has decided that only in case of reappointments can commissions be dated back of the adjournment of Congress. Whether this is right or wrong I cannot say, but so it is. As soon as I arrived here I tried to get you appointed, but found that there were objections. These I finally succeeded in removing.

I know your are ranked by many of less capacity, and by some who have never rendered any services at all; but this cannot now be helped. I hope, however, that we may not be cursed with the appointment of any more political generals.

We must all do the best we can for the country in our several positions. You have my entire confidence, and if it be possible I will give you a separate command. At present it is difficult to determine what will be done.

Yours, truly.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CORINTH, October 1, 1864.

General GRANT:

The following just received from Stanley:

RIENZI, September 30.

Spaulding just returned. He went to Hatchie. No rebels, and is satisfied from good information that there are none 3 miles beyond. Three prisoners of Fourth Alabama, Breckinridge's command, caught. Breckinridge has gone to Kentucky with three Kentucky regiments. His division is commanded by General Rust. Price, Villepigue, and Rust are all together and camped on the Pocahontas road. Villepigue and Rust brought up 15,000 men. Reported rebel force 40,000. Prisoners don't know where they are going.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October, 1, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Rebel cavalry have made their appearance at Young's Bridge and upper and lower, from 2 to 5 miles from Chewalla. The bridges were

