
BOLIVAR, October 2, 1862-1 p. m.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Tenn.:

I have just received reliable information, as I think, from a intelligent Union man near Grand Junction confirming the previously reported fact that Price, Van Dorn, and Villepigue have united near Ripley and are now at Pocahontas, probably 18,000 strong. He also reports that General Pillow is at Holly Springs with from 6,000 to 8,000 men, principally exchanged prisoners, and is fortifying that place.

The talk among the men with whom he conversed is that they propose an attack on this point, coming in by the way of Spring Creek, which is in fact the weakest part of the line. I send a diagram of the relative positions. If they move on this place they must show their flank to Rosecrans' force, and as they cannot well surprise us are liable to be taken in the act.

As I am liable to be removed at any time would it not be well for Major-General Ord to come down and fully examine the ground?

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,October 2, 1862.

Brigadier General L. F. ROSS:

By dispatch just received from General Grant I am informed the railroad has been cut 6 miles south of Bethel.

You will re-enforce Engelmann's pickets with another regiment to-night, and use every caution as to the security of our communication north.

The cavalry which went on the north Purdy road went out 18 miles; found no traces of an enemy.

Your obedient servant,

[S. A. HURLBUT,?]

Major-General.

BETHEL, TENN., October 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding at Jackson, Tenn.:

Lieutenant Hays with scouts just arrived from within 1 mile of Pocahontas; captured 3 of Price's men and 2 spies, citizens. Lieutenant Hays reports that rebels are building a bridge, and it is almost completed, across the Hatchie. There is no force except pickets on this side of Hatchie. Prisoners report that Price's army are 30,000 or 35,000 under Price, Villepigue, Van Dorn, and Breckinridge. At Tupelo forces of the rebels said to be under marching orders, the bridge just being ready this morning, about 11 o'clock; don't know where their orders were to march to. Prisoners don't know where the rebel cavalry is. Rebels came from Bolivar by Ripley to Pocahontas with three days' rations.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Colonel, Commanding Post at Bethel.

