
from his command; with the two that will arrive will be brigaded together and move at the same hour. A line of couriers will be kept up to General Ross, who will telegraph to you.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, [October] 3, 1862.

General GRANT:

Cavalry have just come in; have been within 4 miles of Pocahontas. Cavalry rear guard of enemy left there at 10 a. m. to-day; the main force crossed the Hatchie at Davis' Bridge yesterday p. m. and last night for Corinth; number not ascertained, but large. Heard no firing from Somerville. It is reported that about 800 cavalry are there. I shall move with my whole division to Pocahontas, or in that direction, early in the morning, but have no expectation that I can do more than demonstrate, unless Rosecrans has beaten Price, in which case I shall be in good position. General Ross remains here with his command.

S. A. HURLBUT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., October 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General McKEAN:

The general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your dispatch of this date, just received, that if there are no movements on your front he does not see any reason for calling in the regiment at Smith's Bridge, and thinks in that case it advisable that it should remain there for the present, though, as he said in his dispatch, he leaves it to your judgment. There is, however, a remote contingency which ought not to be overlooked; should the enemy appear at the bridge the road ought to be obstructed. Nearly everything depends upon the movements on your front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

First Lieutenant Twelfth Infty. Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, October 3, 1862.

Brigadier General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Second Division:

I send you map. McKean's left is about a half mile in advance of you and about 1 mile north. You may advance your right up to the road that runs by Battery D, occupying the ridge you are now on; or, if you find better ground, to the road that runs by Mark Suttle's. This will bring you nearer Corinth and put you en echelon.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

First Lieutenant Twelfth Infty. Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

