
cipher message was for this reason sent to Henderson, and from there by courier to you; I feel it to be my duty to call this remissness to your attention.

I. N. HAYNIE.

BETHEL, October 4, [1862].

General GRANT:

This courier left Lawler at 8 o'clock and went into Corinth. When he left Colonel Lawler he (Colonel Lawler) was making for the Blue Cut, 1 mile this side, northwest of the blacksmith's shop. McPherson had not at that time joined Lawler. Courier heard a conversation between a colonel and General Rosecrans; from that he says he learned Van Dorn's forces were up northwest of Corinth, along near to the railroad, on the west side, not far from the blacksmith's shop, in the northwest angle of the railroad. General Rosecrans had ordered at 2 p. m. three regiments and some batteries out in that direction.

Van Dorn's men had not fallen back like Price's. Courier understood from conversation of General Rosecrans with the colonel (don't know his name) that Van Dorn had sixty or seventy guns. General Rosecrans said if Van Dorn held that position he should open on him with his siege guns soon. As courier came on here he heard cannon, about 9 o'clock.

I. N. HAYNIE,

CAMP ON MUDDY, Oct. 4, [1862]. (Received Oct. 5.)

I arrived here this evening at 5 p. m., after exhausting march of 22 miles. We have driven in the pickets of enemy up to Davis' Bridge, where my cavalry encountered two regiments of rebel cavalry at sunset and fell back. Took 2 prisoners, who report a large force between Davis' and Chewalla. The bridges are deceitful, and if the Hatchie Bridge is destroyed, or the Tuscumbia, I cannot advance. I shall move as rapidly as possible, but see no ground to believe that I can reach Corinth to-morrow. A citizen reports Davis' Bridge destroyed; if so, the game is up, and I shall return to save my own command.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

PORTER'S CREEK, TENN., Oct. 4, 1862-11 a. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.:

The command has reached this place, 12 miles, rather tired. I shall rest and push on to Davis' Bridge to-night.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, October 4, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Jackson:

SIR: An order calling for a field return makes me fear that the usual tri-monthly reports have not reached you regularly. I believe they have been sent punctually on the dates prescribed, but I will see that the field report is sent. In former letters I have described thee condi-

