
WASHINGTON, June 23, 1862.

(Received June 28.)

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

If you have not already given your attention to the practicability of making a cut-off in the rear of Vicksburg I beg to direct your attention to that point. It has been represented to the Department to be an undertaking of easy accomplishment, especially under the protection of gunboats. A dispatch to-day received from General Butler speaks of it as a project contemplated by him, but he may not have a force to spare.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, June 23, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Memphis:

Ascertain condition of railroad from Memphis west toward Little Rock; also the means of sending supplies and re-enforcements to General Curtis. Reports heretofore received from Memphis are entirely unsatisfactory. Let me know about the supplies and means of transportation from that place.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS:

A citizen from Columbus reports that a rebel force is moving north toward Rienzi or Kossuth with the intention of surprising and capturing your outposts. Be on your guard.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

(Similar dispatch to Ord.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 23, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

Your dispatch just received; will be advised at once. A regiment and battery will be sent to take post at Danville and cover the passes of the Tuscumbia, our front and right.

Our cavalry have been employed to the south and east, as I advised Colonel Kelton, so as to have very little disposable for the west and south.

Were it possible for a battalion of the First Ohio Cavalry, which Buel detached from this command, to be sent to Kossuth and Nolin's below it would secure you and our right. We cannot watch that point now, but must content ourselves with drawing in from Blackland and watching the roads near there by light patrols. If that Kossuth scout can be furnished as suggested it will be eminently useful.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

