
lies from the comforts of Memphis, whose husbands and brothers go to make up those guerrillas. I will watch Randolph closely, and if anything occurs there again I will send a brigade by land back of Randolph and clean out the country. A gunboat is now at Pillow. I have brought away every gun.

General Steele passed up some days ago, and I was in hopes he would find you at Columbus, but I suppose he has gone on to confer with General Curtis. He told me one-half his command was ordered to Iron Mountain, to which he objected. He is anxious to do what you want-strike Grenada; that road should now be destroyed from Holly Springs to below Grenada, so as to be useless for a whole year. Then we, with the river, would have every advantage; but with that road in full operation they can keep pace with us up and down.

I ought to have ten new regiments, when I could organize a good corps d'armee. I have enough artillery and only want another regiment of cavalry. Such a force could hold Memphis and check any movement along that road.

Excuse so long a letter.

As ever, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 4, 1862.-For L. Thomas to Halleck and reply, in relation to the commands of Buell, Grant, and Rosecrans, see Vol XVI, Part II, p. 570.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Jackson, October 5, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I deem it a matter of great importance in this district to have organized a corps of experienced railroad engineers and builders. Repairs are constantly being required, and if we should penetrate farther into the southern country other road would have to be fitted up.

To take charge of such a corps a man of experience in superintending such work would be required, and one in whose hands I can place the management of the railroads under my jurisdiction.

I would state in this connection that General McPherson is exceedingly anxious to take an active command, and I think it a great misfortune to have such a man without an important military command. I would feel more strengthened to-day if I could place McPherson in command of a division than I would to receive a whole brigade of the new levies.

I would respectfully ask authority to place Colonel George G. Pride in this position. I know that he has the requisite experience and the energy and ability to fill the place admirably. Colonel Pride served on my staff as a volunteer aide at the battle of Shiloh and some time since. I can vouch for his ability. To make Colonel Pride eligible for the position and to entitle him to the position, also to give him the proper command over men, as well as that he may come under proper military restrictions, I would respectfully ask that he be commissioned by the President, with the rank of colonel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

