
BOLIVAR, October 7, [1862]-9.30 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I have the honor to report that I have returned to this point. My First Brigade is now at Porter's Creek, 13 miles. The Second Brigade, with balance of wounded I captured, artillery, and guns, is at Muddy. Both brigades will be here to-morrow. I received dispatch from General Rosecrans at Ruckersville, dated 10 a. m., urgently requesting me to proceed south, but the state of command and your orders had determined that question.

We had no ink or paper in the division on this trip, so that official reports cannot be made until camp is re-established.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

P. S.-My surgeons demand ice for the wounded, say for 200 men. Will your order it from Columbus at once?
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 214. Jackson, Tenn., October 7, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VII. Major-General Ord, commanding Second Division, District of West Tennessee, having been severely wounded at the battle on the Hatchie, on the 5th instant, is hereby ordered to proceed to Carlisle, Pa., and from there report to the Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C., and to these headquarters, by letters.

In parting with General Ord the commanding general of the district regrets losing the services of so gallant an officer and so able a commander, and wishes to express the desire, in all sincerity, not only that he may be speedily restored to duty, but that he may be restored to the same field he is now being relieved from. Especially would this be desirable to the commanding general so long as it is his good fortune to command his present armies.

* * * * * * *

IX. Major General S. A. Hurlbut is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Division, District of West Tennessee (formerly the command of Major General E. O. C. Ord), which embraces all the territory south of the Kentucky line and to the Hatchie on the west ad Bethel Station on the east, including Bolivar, south of the Hatchie. It will be his duty to guard all the railroads within his district, and in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 83, from these headquarters, his headquarters will be at Jackson or Bolivar, at the option of the commander.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 8, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.:

Prisoners of war will be paroled and delivered to the enemy at some point within his lines. A receipted list must be taken in duplicate, and one copy sent to the Adjutant-General, in order to effect an exchange

