HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 23, 1862.

General ASBOTH, Riezi, Miss.:

You are informed by mail to-day that General Davis' division was at Jacinto and a regiment and battery ordered to Danvillee. The telegram from General Halleck to General Rosecrans would have ben sent you if the line had been in working order.

A scout has been ordered from Corinth in the direction of Kossuth and Ripley, so General Rosecrans has been informed.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Fayette Station, June 23, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: The matters herein referred to, being special in their nature, I think should be addressed to you without going through the headquarters of General Grant, now in motion for Memphis. The general and staff passed my camp this morning and will reach Memphis this evening.

On the 9th instant I received at Chewalla General Halleck's instructions by telegraph to move with my one and Hurlbut's divisions on Grand Junction, thence to detach strong working parties forward to repair the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, to use great care in securing my working parties, and to assure the inhabitants of all proper protection, &amp;c. The bridges across the Tuscumbia and Hatchie had been destroyed by the enemy's cavalry, so I sent forward to those points Denver's brigade and Hurlbut's division, and on Wednesday, June 11, I put in motion my whole division, except the Forty-sixth Ohio left behind as a rear guard to some wagons of provisions which had not yet arrived at Chewalla.

Repairing roads as we marched, we reached Grand Junction after night of the 13th. But there was no water there for troops, and on the morning of the 14th I occupied the town of La Grange, 3 miles west of Grand Junction, with my division, and General Hurlbut encamped his on Scott's Creek, about 2 1\2 miles south of the Junction. There were two pieces of destroyed trestle-work in the town of La Grange which I caused to be repaired as rapidly as possible, and learning that the bridge across Wolf Creek, 10 miles west, was destroyed i sent General Denver's brigade forward to repair it an to ascertain what damage was done beyond. Whilst the work was being done at La Grange and Moscow I dispatched General Veatch's brigade of Hurlbut's division and Morgan L. Smith's of mine, with all our effective cavalry, to Holly Springs, with orders for the cavalry to push on as much farther south as was prudent, and if possible to force the enemy to destroy the bridge across the Tallahatchie River. This expedition was well conducted and cleared our flanks completely of an enemy thus far. Their pickets were at Lamar, retreated, burning a trestle there. At Holly Springs there was the remains of an infantry and cavalry regiment, which escaped in cars and by the railroad. Our cavalry brought in of these about 8 prisoners-officers-whom I paroled.

Our cavalry reached the vicinity of the Tallahatchie Bridge and had

