
As soon as Ross returns I shall send the Twelfth Wisconsin back to Humboldt. I expect a report from Ross every moment, which will be forwarded.

What disposition shall I make of the Seventy-sixth Illinois? I am short one regiment in my division, and would like to have them in my Second Brigade. The Fifty-second Indiana has not joined me yet. I suppose it is at Fort Pillow.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, October 9, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Have just heard from Ross; his advanced guard went into Grand Junction about sunrise, too late for a surprise on Davis' Mill. The main body at 9 a. m. were at Van Buren, 9 miles from Junction. Scouts report 2,000 infantry and 300 cavalry at Davis' Mill; infantry, exchanged prisoners, not well armed. Ross has 3,300 infantry, 400 cavalry, and sixteen pieces of artillery. I have ordered him to crown the heights on Wolf River, near La Grange, and push forward and destroy the bridge or force them to destroy it, and return. I still think they will burn it in presence of Ross' force. I will send his report by train.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Ripley, October 9, 1862.

Colonel MIZNER:

Having scoured the country toward Oxford, Hickory Flats, Salem, Orizaba, by the scouts now out, and others if necessary, direct your cavalry to report everything to and act in concert with Brigadier-General McPherson. Cover the front south as far east as Rienzi with a force of sufficient strength; the southwestern and western with a force of greater strength.

General McPherson proposes to make a demonstration on the Hickory Flats and Oxford road to-morrow. I think it will be best for the cavalry to participate in this.

The cavalry had better remain until the night after General McPherson leaves, or longer if deemed prudent, and then move quietly and assemble at a good camp behind the Tuscumbia, to be selected by yourself, where good water and grass are convenient.

Enjoin upon the officers to act constantly in concert with General McPherson and give him a full understanding of all their movements.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

First Lieutenant Twelfth Infty. Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Ripley, Miss., October 9, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE TOWN OF RIPLEY, MISS.:

The following instructions are given for your guidance, viz:

Establish your office and appoint an active and reliable man for provost-marshal, and direct him to make his headquarters at the court-house.

