
Everything progress well in my division, and I am putting it in such order that I can add ten infantry regiments and make a corps with which I could reach Grenada and Jackson. I will again sweep with cavalry the country from the mouth of Hatchie and Somerville, so as to clean out all bands now in the country between Wolf and Hatchie Rivers.

All things civil here are also doing well and in good shape.

As ever, your friend and obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

JACKSON, TENN., October 10, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Light-draught boats can go to Fort Henry. From there will be no difficulty in reaching Clarksville. Will go by Donelson should the Cumberland River be too high to ford.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, October 10, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

General Ross is on his return, having thoroughly destroyed bridge at Davis'. Only cavalry found, who fled. I regret that the bridge was not saved.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Bolivar, October 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. F. ROSS:

I heard nothing from you last night, and hear no guns this morning.

When you have completed your work, if you are satisfied there is no force of considerable size north of Wolf River, push one battalion of cavalry around through Somerville and crush that nest of traitors and guerrillas there.

All is quiet here.

Your obedient servant,

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, October 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As it is possible, perhaps probable, that the debarkation of the Mississippi expedition will be contested by the enemy, it is considered important that it should be formed in part of experienced troops. If the expedition should be limited at first to 20,000 men, one-half or at least one-fourth of that number should be of such troops, and I think they might be taken from the Army of the Tennessee (with which I have been identified) without material detriment to the public service, particularly if their place should be filled by new troops, and since the late defeat and dispersion of the enemy in West Tennessee.

