
Taking a few regiments from that army, even if they were only skeleton ones, and incorporating them with the expedition would be to impart a martial spirit and tone which would be of great value to it; hence I recommend that the Eighth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirtieth Illinois, and Forty-third Illinois and Thirteenth Iowa, the Seventh and Eighth Missouri, and Seventy-eighth Ohio be assigned to the expedition. Most, if not all, of these regiments are sadly reduced and probably would not average 400 effective men each, giving an aggregate of only 5,200 men.

Some of the regiments named are still more desirable on account of the officers commanding them. Among the number of these officers are Colonel T. E. G. Ransom, of the Eleventh Illinois; Colonel Crocker, of the Thirteenth Iowaa; Colonel Leggett, of the Seventy-eighth Ohio, and Colonel C. C. Marsh, of the Twentieth Illinois, who would make excellent brigade commanders. I would also name Brigadier General L. F. Ross and Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, both now in West Tennessee, for division commanders; and ask that First Lieutenant James H. Wilson, of the Topographical Corps, be assigned to duty as a member of my staff. I think this would be agreeable to him.

The forces designed for the Mississippi expedition might be concentrated either at Cairo or Memphis, there being comparatively little difference in their eligibility as places of rendezvous and for depots of military supplies.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.

P. S.-Shelter-tents, capable of being carried by the men, are preferable. Also Springfield muskets (smooth-bore), except for the flank companies of each regiment, which should be armed with the Springfield or Enfield rifled musket.

All the arms of each class should be of the same caliber, and indeed it would be better that all of both classes should be of the same caliber if it were practicable.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 218. Jackson, Tenn., October 11, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major-General McPherson immediately upon reaching Corinth will turn over his command to Colonel Lawler and report himself in person to these headquarters.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS,

October 12, 1862.

Major RAWLINS:

Your orders in reference to McPherson and his troops duly received, and will be carried into effect on the arrival of General McPherson and his command.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

