
WASHINGTON, October 13, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 5th instant in relation to the management of railroads in your command has been received and laid before the Secretary of War. General McPherson should be relieved and assigned to his proper command, and if you have no other officer suitable for the superintending of the roads you are authorized to employ a civil engineer, paying him suitable compensation from the proceeds of the roads. It is impossible to give him a military commission, as the law allowing additional aides is repealed. Perhaps it may be revived when Congress meets again. No difficulty is encountered on other roads from the superintendent not having military rank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS,

October 13, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson:

General McPherson arrived last night. No signs of an enemy. Pushed cavalry 17 miles on the Oxford road; nothing but stragglers. Enemy have gone to Oxford, except a few regiments to Tupelo. A rumor is gaining currency among the secesh that Johnston, with 40,000 men from Virginia, has arrived at Oxford. It must receive prompt attention. Pocahontas is a key which ought to be occupied in case the rebels dispose a portion of their Virginia forces to push in here. It would be a strong move. Tell Sherman to put spies in motion; I will do the same, to find out all I can.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

JACKSON, TENN., October 13, 1862-12 noon.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Rosecrans reports aa rumor that Johnston, with 40,000 men, has arrived at Oxford. Should reports prove true I will concentrate my forces at Bolivar and be prepared to meet him.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DIST. OF WEST TENN.,Numbers 273. Memphis, October 13, 1862.

The Sixth Illinois Cavalry and one battery of artillery, to be designated by the chief of artillery, will take post in the city of Memphis, at the depot of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and the senior officer will be considered the commanding officer of the whole and be held responsible for the good conduct of all. His attention and the attention of his command is called to the thirty-second Article of War. This property is now substantially that of the United States, and any officer and soldier who damages it can be charged on the muster-roll with the amount of damage, besides being liable to such other punishment as a court-martial may inflict.

