
artillery; Fourteen 10-pounder Parrott guns; twenty-eight Napoleon guns; six 24-pounder howitzers (brass); eight 6-pounder smooth-bore guns (brass); four 12-pounder howitzers (brass).

Number and caliber of guns for siege train: Eight 30-pounder Parrott guns; four 10-inch mortars.

Please assign Lieutenant James H. Wilson, Engineers, U. S. Army, who is now here, for duty as a member of my staff.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Jackson, October 16, 1862.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Bolivar, Tenn.:

It will be necessary to keep a vigilant lookout to the front and right flank in direction of Somerville. I wish you would see Colonel Johnson, Twenty-eighth Illinois, when he returns; you may rely on the accuracy of his observations. I apprehend nothing of movements in force, but the enemy are strong in cavalry, and the country between La Grange and Somerville and so to Whitesville is fine foraging ground. The Hatchie is fordable still for cavalry at many points, especially near the mouth of Clover Creek, and, if you are satisfied it can be thoroughly done without too large a risk, I wish the nest of irregular cavalry near Somerville broken up, and a sharp lesson taught them not to come too near.

It was my rule not to send out a forage train without a heavy guard, generally a full regiment of infantry and two companies of cavalry. It is good exercise for the men and answers as a reconnaissance.

Yours, truly,

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 159. Washington, October 16, 1862.

I. The Department of the Tennessee will include Cairo, Fort Henry, and Fort Donelson, Northern Mississippi, and the portions of Kentucky and Tennessee west of the Tennessee River.

II. Major General U. S. Grant is assigned to the command of the Department of the Tennessee.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DIST. OF WEST TENN.,

Numbers 88. Memphis, October 16, 1862.

The engineer in charge of Fort Pickering will lay off a plat of ground of about three acres at some suitable point south or east of the fort for a cemetery, and will inclose it with a good stout fence, with strong gates. The lines should conform as near as may be to the streets and lanes of the survey of the city of Memphis, in order that the ownership of the property may be ascertained at some future time.

