
II. Hereafter all interments of soldiers or employes about the fort will be made in the fort cemetery, and the bodies which have been buried outside the fort will be removed to the cemetery. Whenever a soldier dies the colonel of his regiment will make requisition on the quartermaster for the necessary lumber, and will see that each grave of his men is marked with a suitable head-board. All funerals must be conducted strictly according to the Army Regulations.

Interments for the general hospital will be made at Elmwood, as heretofore.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 17, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.:

What is the condition of affairs in your department? Am anxious to know, as Governor Johnson and General Curtis are asking for more troops.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JACKSON, TENN., October 17, 1862-8.15 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

My effective force is 48,500 exclusive of extra-duty men, located as follows: Four thousand eight hundred in Kentucky and Illinois, 7,000 in Memphis, 19,200 from Union City south, besides Corinth forces-latter 17,500. Another attack is soon inevitable. Re-enforcements necessary to keep up the confidence of our men as well as to give sufficient strength to meet the enemy. The enemy are largely re-enforced.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, October 18, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

DEAR SIR: I am this moment in receipt of the general's letter of the 11th. From some cause there is unusual delay in the letters to and from. I have had several messengers in from the interior of late. Holly Springs is occupied in force, with camps at Davis' Mill, 9 miles south of Grand Junction; at Coldwater, and the Chewalla Creek, east of Holly Springs. Van Dorn and Price were both at Holly Springs yesterday, expecting Pemberton, who is to command all. This is from Ex-Brigadier General Ed. Price, son of the rebel general, who has resigned, and whom I have permitted, on certain letters of General Schofield and Governor Gamble, to return to Missouri. He came in this morning. He came through Oxford a day or two since. There was nothing said of General Joe Johnston being there with 40,000 from the Virginia army. I have heard from many that Ruggles has joined from below with some 4,000 men, supposed to be reorganized regiments of the returned prisoners sent to Vicksburg by us so opportunely for them.

I have no doubt that in and around Holly Springs is now assembled

