
quite a brisk skirmish, driving the enemy across the river, where he had cars and re-enforcements, and the officer did not deem it prudent to push his venture farther, as the men of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry have no carbines. Some of the enemy are reported as killed. We had 4 wounded, 2 of whom were doubtless mortally. They were brought some distance to the rear and sent to a farm-house.

The two brigades remained in Holly Springs two days and returned to their respective camps.

On the 21st instant the two pieces of broken trestle-work in La Grange being done, and being unable to hear definite information of breaks west of Moscow, and our stock of provisions being reported to me as expiring the 27th instead of the 30th, I determined to move forward myself from La Grange to hurry up the repairs and send into Memphis for supplies. Even if the track was done the scarcity of cars may prevent our being supplied in that way. Accordingly yesterday, the 22d, I moved forward my whole division to this point, except one regiment left at Moscow to finish up that bridge and guard it. I find two other bridges destroyed, one 3 miles west and another 3 miles east of this point. I now have strong working parties on all, and I feel confident cars may safely come through to-morrow evening. This morning, most agreeably to our surprise, a train of cars arrived at the break 3 miles west of us, from Memphis, with the Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel P. Kinney, with orders to co-operate with us in repairing the road. This now establishes the communication.

We know exactly what is to be done, and not a minute shall be wasted. We labor under difficulties for want tools, tackle, &amp;c., but I feel confident in promising a through road after to-morrow. This morning, at 3 a. m., I dispatched a heavy train of wagons for Memphis, to bring us out provisions; distance is 30 miles. They should be able to reach there and load to-morrow, and come out in two days, arriving, say, the evening of the 26th, by which date I have no doubt there will be uninterrupted communication between Corinth and Memphis, and then I can move to Coldwater, Holly Springs, Mount Pleasant, or wherever the general thinks best.

There is now great dearth of water in the country, and we have been forced to keep near the Wolf; but our expedition found excellent water in Coldwater, 5 miles north of Holly Springs.

My engineer has been so hard at work on bridges that I have not been able to compile many maps, but I have some sketches, which, at some more leisure moments, I will have him compile and send to Colonel Thom.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Fayette Station, June 23, 1862.

General HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division, La Grange, Tenn.:

SIR: Remain with your whole division at or near La Grange. Don't move on Moscow. I expect after getting provisions to effect a junction with you somewhere in front of La Grange, in the neighborhood of Holly Springs. Grant went into Memphis to-day and will order Lew. Wallace out toward Hernando, which will be a threat on the flank.

