
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 21, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.:

I know nothing of Falkner and his officers, and therefore can give no special directions.

To what point do you wish new troops to be sent-Columbus or Memphis?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS,

October 21, 1862-10.30 p. m.

General GRANT, Jackson:

My sending away paroled prisoners to Benton Barracks was in conformity with previous custom, and in supposed accordance with your views of the propriety of clearing them out of Corinth as rapidly as possible. As soon as made aware of different orders or views they were promptly carried out. The only person I authorized to leave for Saint Louis was Dr. Scott, not a prisoner, who called on you and took a massager from you. Your dispatch complaining of the action is the first intimation I have had of your disapproval. A Captain Tobin was paroled and permitted to go North while I was absent at Ripley, but neither with my consent nor approval. No our instances have come to my knowledge. That part of your dispatch which reefers to newspaper reporters and leaky members of my staff showing the existence of any desire or even any sentiment at these headquarters of keeping up a distinction of feeling and spirit between the troops of my command or the rest of your troops, as if they were not an integral part thereof, I answer that no such feeling has ever existed at these headquarters. No countenance, either directly or indirectly, has been given to such an idea, nor was I aware that such an idea was abroad until I saw indications of it from members of your staff and in your own orders.

I regard it as the offspring of sentiments [rather] than those of a desire for justice or the good of the service, and sincerely hope that you do not participate therein. There are no headquarters in these United States less responsible for what newspaper correspondents and paragraphists say of operations that mine. This I wish to be understood to be distinctly applicable to the affairs of Iuka and Corinth. After this declaration I am free to say that if you do not meet me frankly with a declaration that you are satisfied I shall consider my power to be useful in this department ended.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 21, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Corinth:

Your requisitions of cavalry arms are filled and are on the way to you. The enormous demand for arms occasions some delay, and the Department has been desirous of supplying you as far as possible with arms of uniform caliber. Every exertion has been made and will be

