
made to supply your demands. I take this occasion to express the great satisfaction which your operations have given to the President and the Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, MISS., October 21, 1862-8.40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch announcing the coming of arms for our cavalry was hailed with delight. Profound disappointment followed the receipt of Mr. Watson's dispatch, which shows they all go to little detachments, split up and performing picket duty in our rear. The cavalry for whom I ask are the only ones that are massed, and have had power to chastise and cow the rebel cavalry all summer. For the others, divided up and acting in our rear, the rebels care not a pin. They ought to be well armed, but not until the Second Iowa, Third Michigan, Seventh Kansas, Seventh and Eleventh Illinois have been, for they alone have made the enemy afraid and whipped them in force. Do something for these brave men, who had not less than three fights per week for the last thirty days.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 21, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Corinth, Miss.:

Colonel Dickey, accredited by General Grant as chief of cavalry, represented the regiments to whom I telegraphed you the carbines were assigned, as those who had done all the cavalry service in the department. If you will telegraph immediately how many men you have in each of the regiments you mention without carbines, I will do all I can to supply them promptly.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CORINTH, MISS., October 21, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. Not one of the cavalry command to which you have sent arms has done any real fighting. The Third Michigan, the Second Iowa, the Seventh Kansas, and the Seventh Illinois, who have been in continued combats, say more than fifty fights, this summer, and are the only cavalry that have been massed and managed so as to have power to cow and scourge the rebels effectually, are entirely overlooked in the allotment of arms. They are under my command.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

