
he was in town; did not know if Van Dorn was to remain in a subordinate position or go elsewhere. He estimated the aggregate forces at 40,000, but when he attempted to sum up could not make 20,000. My opinion is that Price and Pemberton have not at this time a force larger than attacked Rosecrans. One attack from the river toward Grenada would draw them out of Holly Springs quick. If ever you design to attack, remember La Grange is an admirable place; then Davis' Mill.

I will continue to report as often as I get definite news. I know that Jackson's cavalry is at our old camp at Roberts', 6 miles north of Holly Springs, and that Brown is at Byhalia, and Blythe at Horn Lake Depot.

All very quiet with us on our picket lines, and all town people begin to respect our power. The defeat at Corinth has had a most salutary effect.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,THIRD DIV. OF THE DIST. OF WEST TENN.,

Corinth, Miss., October 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I have the honor to inclose herewith a map of Corinth and vicinity. Destitute of engineers or topographical engineers, groping our way through an unknown wooded and hostile country, we have been obliged to resort to every possible device to obtain and diffuse information among commanders of troops. Having no copyists, when we get a map we have to resort to an improvised photographer, who, taking likenesses, was required to provide himself with the means of copying maps as the tax for the privilege of staying in camp.

Inclosed I send you two specimens of his handiwork of this place and vicinity.

Very truly, yours,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 22, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I thank you for the kind expressions of confidence contained in your letter replying to mine.

My orders to report for duty to Major-General Wright still stand good.* He says, in a reply to a note I wrote him about the date of my last to you, that he feels fully the weight of my reasons for asking if any arrangements could be made whereby I should not fall under the command of the major-generals of Buell's division, even including General Granger, and will consent to any arrangement that will do away with the difficulties.

Since then we had the stirring times here, and I think it probable will have more of the same, since Bragg has gone over the mountains, and the rivers are low and the roads good; but I am very sorry to say that ever since the battle of Iuka there has been at work the spirit of mischief among the mousing politicians on Grant's staff to get up in his

---------------

*Of September 17, 1862.

---------------

