
mind a feeling of jealousy. The have at last so far succeeded that General Grant last evening telegraphed me that he thought certain leaky members of my staff and newspaper correspondents justified his insinuating that he thought I was getting up a spirit of division and trying to make my army appear independent of him. I dispatched, declaring that he had not had a truer friend or more loyal subordinate than myself; that no such sentiment existed or had been countenanced at these headquarters as the one he alluded to; that no headquarters in these United States were less responsible for the sayings of newspaper writers and correspondents than mine, and that I wished it to be distinctly understood that this remark was especially applicable to what had been said about the affairs of Iuka and Corinth. After these declarations I said, "If you do not meet me with the frank avowal that you are satisfied, I shall consider that my ability to be useful in this department has ended." That now is my opinion.

I am bending everything to complete the new defenses of Corinth so that we may hold it by a division against a very superior force. As soon as I finish this work and my report of the late battle and pursuit I shall hope for something that will settle this matter. I am sure those politicians will manage matters with the sole view of preventing Grant from being in the background of military operations. This will make him sour and reticent. I shall become uncommunicative, and that, added to a conviction that he lacks administrative ability, will complete the reasons why I should be relieved from duty here, if I can be assigned to any other suitable duty where such obstacles do not operate.

I forbear speaking of points in the operations here. You will see in my report of the battle of Iuka that I have observed the same thing. But I must close this personal letter, wishing you were here to command.

Yours, truly,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., October 22, 1862-7 p. m.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

Third Michigan Cavalry requires 690 revolvers, 294 Colt's revolving rifles; Fifth Ohio Cavalry, 88 revolvers, 170 Sharps' carbines; Second Iowa, 30 revolving rifles; Seventh Kansas, 250 revolvers, 500 Colt's revolving rifles; Company A, Second U. S. Cavalry, 60 revolvers, 60 carbines-all with slings, pistol-pouches, cap-boxes, and ammunition complete.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, October 22, 1862.

Miss P. A. FRASER, Memphis:

DEAR LADY: Your petition is received. I will allow fifteen days for the parties interested to send to Holly Springs and Little Rock to ascertain if firing on unarmed boats is to form a part of the warfare against the Government of the United States.

If from silence or a positive answer from their commanders I am led to believe such fiendish acts are to be tolerated or allowed it would be weakness and foolish in me to listen to appeals to feelings that are

