
Keep our your cavalry pickets well, at least to Lamar, always. I have mine to north Mount Pleasant. We must expect all sorts of ruses. I am not certain but that Tallahatchie Bridge was burned; at all events quite a break was made in the trestle near the bridge. If we are threatened we must effect a junction at some point between La Grange and Moscow. Moscow is not a suitable place. I will not remain here an hour after my provision train arrives.

I wrote you to-day where I was, and sent a letter to be forwarded to Halleck. La Grange is the most agreeable and defensible camp thus far discovered, excepting one on Coldwater near Holly Springs.

Hire through Mr. Shelton, the mayor, one or two good spies to go down and stay about Holly Springs and report to you and me any suspicious movements. I had a man who drove the buggy and met General Veatch, who can play the part well.

We are working our very best on the road and will have it done to-morrow night I hope.

My train should be back on the 26th.

Do not move in this direction unless forced, and keep out all possible spies and scouts. I will do the same, and on authentic intelligence of the approach of danger I will use all possible energy to effect a junction.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN., June 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have the following information direct; believe it to be reliable: Rebel forces concentrating in Tupelo, Miss., about 60 miles below Corinth. The division and brigades commanded by General Hardee, Polk, Breckinridge, and Van Dorn now there. Price's division reported on the way to East Tennessee. Beauregard, Price, and breckinridge started for Richmond. All the forces, estimated at 100,000, quiet healthy; supplied with two days' bacon, two days' fresh meat, and three days' pickled beef per week, with plenty of flour, rice, sugar, molasses, and coffee. Cavalry in very bad condition; horses do not get over a quart of corn per day; great many dismounted and made to serve as infantry. One Texas regiment of cavalry lately dismounted. All the troops greatly dissatisfied, particularly Tennessee. If practicable, most would leave after 16th of July.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., June 24, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department Mississippi, Corinth, Miss.:

I arrived here yesterday afternoon after a warm ride of three days, coming through from La Grange with an escort of 12 men. The entire road is in good order and a very fine one.

Affairs in this city seem to be in rather bad order, secessionists gov-

