
WAR DEPARTMENT, October 23, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Corinth:

Orders respecting yourself and your command, which will be communicated to the general-in-chief, render it needless to determine the question of your staff until you receive instructions. I will only say that in respect to your staff I shall be disposed to comply with your wishes entirely.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CORINTH, October 23, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

I don't value Price's conscripts, but I greatly value those Alabama troops. Beware of Bragg; it is nearly time for a few car-loads of his troops to arrive. Depend upon it in less Buell is sharper than heretofore we shall have the devil to pay here. Please answer my personal dispatch.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,
 THIRD DIV., DIST. OF WEST TENN.,

Numbers 143. Corinth, October 23, 1862.

It is often the object of a flag of truce to make observations of positions, strength, roads, &amp;c., for the purpose of attack or otherwise; in fact to gain all the information possible.

The following orders regarding the reception of a flag of truce are given for the instruction of officers and men of this command on outpost, vedette, or grand-guard duty, and for all other officers and men who should be acquainted with this as well as other minor details of service.

No person coming from the enemy with a flag of truce must be permitted to advance farther than the outposts or cavalry vedettes.

If a flag of truce approach it will be halted at the usual distance, faced the way it came; the bearer and escort will keep ranks. A messenger will be promptly dispatched to the nearest officer of picket or grand guard, stating the arrival of the flag and rank of officer. He will immediately send a messenger to these headquarters, stating the road, rank of officer, &c. He will then, with one non-commissioned officer and four men, proceed to the flag, se that it is properly halted and faced, and that these instructions are fully carried out until the arrival of a staff officer from these headquarters, who will take charge and give the necessary directions to the officer of the guard.

If the bearer of a flag of truce have papers only he will deliver them to an officer of his rank, who will receipt for them and send the bearer on his way back. If the bearer insists on and can give good reasons for seeing the commanding general he will be met outside the lines, or a staff officer of his rank will have him conducted blindfolded to these headquarters.

Only the officer of the flag will be permitted to enter. The others, if they desire to come just inside our lines, will have their camp guarded by the officer of the guard, but such camp will be in a place where no observations can be made.

No conversation whatever relative to the army is permitted on the part of any officer, soldier, or citizen with any of the party of a flag of truce. All its party shall be treated with the greatest civility and respect.

