HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., October 25, 1862.

Major-General McPHERSON, Bolivar, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. I have dispatched Hamilton to hold his troops in readiness, with three days' provisions in haversacks, to be ready either for a move or for defense of Corinth.

Hold yours in the same way. The move of Price may be to cover the balance of the army in a move on Corinth. Should either place be attacked ten regiments can be spared from the line of the railroad to reenforce you with.

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 1. Jackson, Tenn., October 25, 1862.

I. In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 159, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, of date October 16, 1862, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of the Tennessee, which includes Cairo, Fort Henry and Fort Donelson, Northern Mississippi, and the portions of Kentucky and Tennessee west of the Tennessee River.

II. Headquarters of the Department of the Tennessee will remain, until further orders, at Jackson, Tenn.

III. All orders of the District of West Tennessee will continue in force in the Department.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 90. Memphis, October 25, 1862.

To insure harmony in the administration of government in the Division of Memphis the following modifications and changes are made and published for the information of all concerned.

I. Colonel D. C. Anthony is announced as the provost-marshal for the city and Division of Memphis, with Major Willard and Lieutenant Edwards as assistants; office on Court street, corner of Third. One regiment of infantry and a squadron of cavalry will compose the provost guard; headquarters in the Irving Block, Second street, opposite Court Square. This guard will be distributed according to the orders of the provost-marshal, and will receive their instructions from him. A military commission, composed of three officers of the army, will sit daily at the office of the provost-marshal and try all offenders under the laws of war. Their sentences, when approved by the commanding general, will be executed by the provost-marshal.

II. The city police, composed of 100 men, will also be under the orders and supervision of the provost-marshal. He will muster and inspect them and satisfy himself that the officers are competent, and that the men are sober, industrious, and of good reputation. He will require each and every one to take the oath of allegiance prescribed by the Congress of the United States. He will, on consultation with the chief of police, divide them into a day and night watch, assigning to each a beat or district, for which he will be held responsible. If a burglary, robbery, riot, or

disturbance of the peace occurs on any beat the policeman will

