
disorders or crimes against the peace and dignity of this community. In time of war the military authorities must of necessity be superior to the civil, but all officers and soldiers must remember that this state of war is but temporary, and the time must come when the civil will resume its full power in the administration of justice in all parts of the country. The interest and laws of the United States must be paramount to all others, but so far as the laws, ordinances, and performances of the people of this community are consistent with those of the General Government they should be respected.

The provost-marshal and city council will make all proper rules necessary to carry this order into effect and make them public.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, TENN., October 26, 1862-8.40 a. m.

(Received October 27, 12.15 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The rebel army is again moving, probably on Corinth, They have been re-enforced with the exchanged prisoners, troops from Texas and Arkansas, and conscripts. We will be attacked in a few days. Is it not possible to send the Helena force or some other re-enforcement here?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., October 26, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

You never have suggested to me any plan of operation in this department, and as I do not know anything of those of commanders to my right or left I have none therefore that is not independent of all other forces than those under my immediate command.

As situated now, with no more troops, I can do nothing but defend my positions, and do not feel at liberty to abandon any of them without first consulting you. I would suggest, however, the destruction of the railroads to all points of the compass from Corinth, by the removal of the rails to this place or Columbus, and the opening of the road from Humboldt to Memphis. The Corinth forces I would move to Grand Junction, and add to them the Bolivar forces except a small garrison there. With small re-enforcements at Memphis I think I would be able to move down the Mississippi Central road and cause the evacuation of Vicksburg and to be able to capture or destroy all the boats in the Yazoo River. I am ready, however, to do with all my might whatever you may direct, without criticism.

I see in the papers of Saturday that General Curtis has refused permits to $30,000 worth of liquors which have been authorized to be shipped to Memphis; among it 750 barrels whisky to one of my staff. As no member of my staff has ever been engaged since entering the army in any speculation by which to make a dollar I care nothing for the publication; but as the information could have been derived only from General Curtis' headquarters I think it a matter requiring explanation. I telegraphed General Curtis for the explanation but he has not replied.

