
erning much in their own way. I have appointed Colonel Webster commander of the post; Lieutenant-Colonel Anthony, Twenty-third Indiana Volunteers, provost-marshal for the city, and Colonel Hillyer provost-marshal-general. In a few days I expect to have everything in good order.

I inclose you herewith report of J. A. Duble, of gunboat Conestoga, relative to the disaster of the Mound City.* The prisoners spoken of are now here, and such disposition will be made of them as you may direct. I have not been here along enough to determine the practicability of furnishing General Curtis by the way of White River; but on consultation with Captain Phelps, of the Navy, I think it can be done by preparing two light-draught steamers so that the boilers would be proof against musketry, and arming them with two howitzers on the bows. An infantry escort would have to accompany each boat, ready to take the shore and march past threatened points.

On my arrival General Wallace applies for a leave of absence. I granted it to the extent of my authority, the command being left with General Hovey, who is fully qualified to fill the place of the former commander.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, June 24, 1862.

Brigadier General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division, Army of the Tennessee:

I am directed by Major-General Grant to say to you that you can compel all clergymen within your lines to omit from their church services any portion you may deem treasonable, but you will not compel the insertion or substitution of anything.

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 57. Memphis, June 24, 1862.

Brigade Surg. John G. F. Holston, senior medical officer of this district, is announced medical director of the same.

Colonel T. Lyle Dickey, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, is appointed chief of cavalry force of this district. All orders from him will be obeyed and all reports required by existing orders will be made to him.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 118. Memphis, Tenn., June 24, 1862.

I. For the guidance and control of this city the following orders are published:

Colonel J. D. Webster, chief of artillery and chief of staff, is appointed commander of the post. All needful rules and regulations for the government of the city will be made be him, subject to the approval of the general commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

