
any time now when the rebels feel disposed, and which if destroyed would delay the movements of troops from this point to Corinth and vice versa. A force at Pocahontas would be within comparatively easy supporting distance of Corinth or this place should either be attacked.

In view of these facts I would respectfully suggest that two divisions now at Corinth-if troops cannot be procured from any other point-be sent to Pocahontas, say the Second and Sixth of the old Army of the Tennessee, and that one of the brigades of cavalry under Colonels Hatch or Lee be divided between Pocahontas and this point. With this arrangement and a proper understanding between the forces at Memphis, Corinth, and this point I feel satisfied that we could clear this section of guerrillas, prevent the raids of regular rebel cavalry, and keep open a line of communication from Memphis to Corinth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, October 27, 1862.

Major RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your are a trump. I would rather have Wilson for my engineer than any officer I know. We are old friends; came home from California together last year.

McPHERSON.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 28, 1862.

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: At 11.30 o'clock a . m. to-day General Ketchum resigned his functions here to me. I have seen Governor Yates. He says two regiments-the One hundred and eleventh, Colonel James S. Martin; the One hundred and third, Colonel A. C. Babcock-will leave to-day or to-morrow; that another-the Ninety-fifth, Colonel L. S. Church-will probably leave to-morrow, all for Columbus, Ky., and that another-a German regiment, the Eighty-second, Colonel Frederick Hecker-will start immediately to Washington.

JOHN A. McCLERNARD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 28, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND, Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram was received, and gratifies me. Everything is favorable here for your expedition. I want to know your address so as to communicate by mail facts that will gratify and encourage you. I hope you will exert yourself diligently so as to be on foot without delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, MISS., October 28, [1862].

General GRANT:

Flag of truce has arrived at Chewalla outpost with communication from Van Dorn to Rosecrans. Bearers instructed to deliver dispatch

