
WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 29, 1862.

Major-General MCCLERNAND, Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram is received. You will receive a dispatch, which will be mailed to-morrow, apprising you of movements here. Every effort should be made to raise all the forces you can. You will see to getting as many cavalry regiments as possible. In respect to arms, do not suffer yourself to be misled by captious and trifling complaints as to their quality. We shall improve them as fast as possible. Additional funds for pay and bounty will be remitted to-morrow. Get the troops forward as fast as possible. Let every hour advance your work.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington City, October 29, 1862.

Major-General MCCLERNAND, Springfield, Ill.:

SIR: The importance of the expedition on the Mississippi is every day becoming more manifest, and there will be the utmost endeavor on the part of the Government to give it aid and strength. In conversing with you I indicated the importance of a coastwise expedition against Texas to aid you and create a diversion of the enemy's force. Major-General Banks is now organizing an expedition for that purpose, which will be in a condition to co-operate with any movement that may be made, after you have succeeded in clearing the Mississippi River.

I wish you to report as frequently as possible the progress that you are making in organizing and sending forward troops, specifying the number from each State.

Diligent attention should be given to providing yourself with cavalry. I have authorized, and will give fresh authority if needed, for raising any number of cavalry regiments.

Artillery has already been forwarded to Cairo, and you may raise any number of artillery companies that you deem necessary. These should be organized as independent companies, to be attached to regiments separately or in battalions as circumstances require. Artillery are not designed to have regimental organization.

You will apprise me of your wants, which shall be promptly supplied as far as may be in the power of the Department.

For your success time and diligence are, as you know, important elements. Every confidence is reposed in your zeal and skill, and I long to see you in the field striking vigorous blows against the rebellion in its most vital point.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

JACKSON, TENN., October 29, 1862 - 4 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Everything now indicates an early attack on Bolivar or Corinth. The rebels have been largely re-enforced, and are moving precisely as they did before the last attack. Price is at Ripley, while a force is in

