
COLUMBUS, October 29, 1862.

General RANSOM, Paducah:

You will take what available force you have at Paducah to Eddyville to attack Morgan with 2,500 men at Hopkinsville. I shall order at the same time the available forces at Fort Donelson and Fort Henry to act in concert with you. Take as little as you can of transportation and subsist as much as possible on the country.

Answer what force you can take and your means of getting to Eddyville. Do you want more troops from Cairo? You will communicate with the commanding officer at First Henry and Donelson.

THOS. A DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., October 29, 1862.

General HAMILTON, Corinth, Miss.:

Immediately on my return from Corinth I telegraphed quartermaster at Columbus to send you forage by every train. He replied that he had no more forage, but telegraphed to Saint Louis for it. Received the reply that they were out there. I telegraphed then to General Allen the necessity for pushing it on rapidly. No reply from him yet. If he cannot send it I will send to Illinois and purchase independently.

Reliable Union men from Brownsville think Bolivar will be the point of attack. We must watch closely. If Bolivar is the point, three divisions of your command must march upon them by way of Bethel. If Corinth is attacked you will be assisted from there and ten regiments from along the road. Captain Prime may remain for the present.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., October 29, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Flag of truce dispatches were delivered over 6 miles beyond Chewalla. They are from Pemberton and Van Dorn; are of no importance. Will send contents by to-morrow's mail.

Everything confirms the movement of part of Price's and Van Dorn's army south by railroad. I will try and get up a magazine of forage from the country. I think much can be had along the railroad about Bethel, and beyond, if we can have a train of cars to bring it in.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., October 29, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

News in, which seems reliable, that part of Price's forces were at Ripley yesterday, preparing for another move on this place.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

