HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON,October 29, 1862.

Colonel C. C. MARSH, Jackson, Tenn.:

You will move at daylight in the morning; will be joined on the march by two companies Fourth Illinois Cavalry from Humboldt. Move rapidly on Brownsville, keeping cavalry well out. If you find that Bowen's force has passed Brownsville you will follow with what force you consider necessary by the nearest practicable road. Push them strongly, capture their artillery, and break up the gang thoroughly. If their trail leads toward the railroad inform me, and cavalry will be ordered from Trenton.

If upon arriving at Brownsville you shall find that they have not gone up the country you will halt your column and your cavalry across Hatchie and ascertain their whereabouts. If within reach of infantry, strike; if not, bring your troops into camp at this post. It is not expected that you will do more than follow vigorously in case they threaten any point on the Mississippi this side the Hatchie. If they shall not have crossed you will noto press far to the south of that stream.

Frequent reports are desired, so that dispositions may be made to overtake them from above if they pass you.

You will of course be left largely to your own discretion, and must act independently, according to circumstances which may develop themselves.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Major-General.

P. S. - If on arriving at Brownsville you are satisfied that the force is exaggerated or cannot be reached without moving a day's march south of the Hatchie River you will return at once.

JACKSON, TENN., October 29, 1862.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding District of Jackson:

SIR: The troops ordered to move under Colonel Marsh need not move until further orders from here. The news we get is that the enemy has not crossed the Hatchie.

By command of General U. S. Grant:

GEO. G. PRIDE,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., October 29, 1862.

Major-General MCPHERSON, Bolivar, Tenn.:

Hamilton has just learned the following from one of Roddey's men now a prisoner:

Roddey is ordered to Kentucky; will cross the river at Muscle Shoals en route to Bragg. Roddey moved from Big Springs on Friday. Joe Johnston is reported at Columbus with large force, and is intending to co-operate with Price, moving to the west of Corinth. No supplies and very little force at Tupelo. Price's movements already commenced.

ELI WHITEHURST.

