
If it is demonstrated that Bolivar is the point of attack, Hamilton is instructed to move by way of Bethel with three divisions to your support. Should Corinth be attacked, be in readiness to move by same route with all the force that can be spared. I will send ten regiments from the line of railroad to the point of attack.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

JACKSON, October 29, 1862.

Major-General MCPHERSON, Bolivar, Tenn.:

Citizens from Brownsville report Jackson with 9,000 cavalry in neighborhood of Somerville. Your forces in that direction, if not strong enough to meet them, had better be withdrawn.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., October 29, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Memphis, Tenn.:

I am directed by General Grant to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the 21st and letter of the 22d, and to say to you his information is that Bowen is moving north of the Hatchie, with the evident intention of getting on to the Mississippi River to cut off navigation. An expedition will be sent to cut him off from here.

A flag of truce from Corinth went into Holly Springs last week. They allowed our officers to stay in town from Sunday at 3 o'clock p. m. till 10 a. m. Monday. They were taken to the hotel and allowed every liberty. Van Dorn threw no restraint around them, and seemed perfectly indifferent how much they learned. Our officers estimated the force there at not over 25,000.

The enemy are beginning to move now. Price is at Ripley. Information is in that troops are going south, possibly going to Mobile. The general heartily approves your course in expelling secession families as a punishment and preventive example for guerrillas firing into boats. He would also recommend that if it becomes necessary to distribute food to the poor and destitute families, or to unemployed contrabands, to make an assessment on the better provided secession citizens to pay the expenses.

Rosecrans has been ordered to Cincinnati to receive further orders. This is greatly to the relief of the general, who was very much disappointed in him. This matter the general will explain to you when he sees you. He much regrets that Hurlbut is ordered away, and has telegraphed to have the order countermanded.

Adjutant-General Fuller, of Illinois, telegraphed to-day that in addition to eight regiments heretofore sent, one regiment, the One hundred and third, is under orders to move Wednesday; the One hundred and eleventh and Ninety-fifth within four days afterward. He further telegraphs that ten more regiments can be forwarded in next ten days if paid and armed. The general will try and send troops to you; possibly not more than one brigade armed, and one regiment without arms to take charge of siege guns.

The general has abandoned all idea of the expedition. He finds Curtis indisposed to co-operate with him. From the newspaper and

