
other reports it is probable that McClernand will go to Helena and lead whatever expeditions may move from there and report to Curtis. As soon as the promised re-enforcements arrive the general will make arrangements for a forward move, and will then send a staff officer to inform you fully of plans and how he desires your co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HILLYER,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 29, [1862] - 10 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Everything will be pushed to the uttermost. You say, "Raise all the force you can." Do you mean to give a latitude outside of the call; also to raise cavalry regiments outside of the some; and, if so, in Illinois, Indiana, and Iowa?

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 30, 1862.

Major-General MCCLERNAND, Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram received. I mean to give to the Governors of Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa latitude to raise for operations on the Mississippi all the force they can of artillery, infantry, and cavalry outside of the calls heretofore made; but advanced pay and bounty are allowed only for those raised within the calls and pursuant to previous orders. The local interest and feeling in favor of the Mississippi operations and your personal influence are relied on for the increased force, as the bounty-funds will be exhausted by the previous calls.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Washington, October 30, 1862.

Numbers 320.

I. Major General Lewis Wallace, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty in the Department of the Tennessee, and will report in person to Major General U. S. Grant, at Corinth, Miss.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 30, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.:

Re-enforcements for your army are moving from Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Illinois.

Furloughs to men in your command given by General Curtis are null and void; they should not be recognized. Orders, Numbers 78, are still in force.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

