
Colonel William S. Hillyer, aide-de-camp, is appointed provost-marshal-general for the district. All local provost will report to him weekly and will receive instructions from him.

Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Anthony is appointed provost-marshall for the city of Memphis. He will report to the provost-marshal-general for instructions and assume his duties without delay.

II. The Thirty-fourth, Forty-third, and Forty-seventh Regiments Indiana Volunteers, Colonel J. R. Slack commanding, will form the garrison of Memphis and will encamp east of the town.

Company A, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Captain Osband commanding, is specially assigned to assist the provost-marshal in the performance of his duties.

All the troops in Memphis not enumerated above will immediately go into camp outside of the city on the line of the railroad to Granada, Miss. They will also picket all the roads leading to the city from the southeast quarters and enforce such orders as have been or may hereafter be published.

* * * * * * *

X. The corps heretofore know as the Reserve Corps of the Army of the Tennessee is hereby dissolved.

Major General J. A. McClernand will have immediate command of all troops occupying the country south of Union City and north of the Memphis and Charleston road and on the line of the railroads. He will make all needful rules for the protection of the different lines of road and for the preservation of order within the district commanded by him.

Tri-monthly return will be required as heretofore. The Third Division will drop from their reports the command at Bolivar, and it will be taken up by General McClernand.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 25, 1862.-For Halleck to Stanton, in reference to sanitary condition of the army and future movement, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p. 62.]

LA GRANGE, June 25, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My outside cavalry pickets have been driven in or fallen back. I have no doubt a heavy force in concentrating to attack us. I have called in Colonel Cushman's regiment from Grand Junction and concentrated my infantry in this town. If I am satisfied that a considerable force is approaching I shall move in the morning to Moscow to join Sherman; it is a flank movement of 10 miles, and dangerous against so large a cavalry force as the enemy is reported to have. I fear they will cut the Moscow bridge to-night, as it is only defended by a single regiment, the Seventieth Ohio. Unless I receive other orders from you I shall probably move west in the morning.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General.

