
JACKSON, TENN., November 1, 1862.

Major-General SHERMAN, Memphis, Tenn.:

Troops from Corinth marched on Grand Junction yesterday; from Bolivar to-day. I go forward with the advance; will push on to Grenada if possible, opening railroad and telegraphs as we advance. I have ordered four regiments to Memphis; will order more if the re-enforcements sent me justify it. If communication can be opened with you by courier I will do it.

If you hear of my forces passing Holly Springs, and can put a force on the railroad to repair it, start toward Grenad, repairing the road as the troops advance. A demonstration to the southeast made at once would give the idea of a formidable movement to the front, particularly as you will be receiving re-enforcements and I also in considerable numbers. The amount arrived and to arrive will not amount to less than 30,000 men. The news of these re-enforcements coming cannot be kept from the enemy, of course.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Sent in cipher to Columbus to forward by first steamer.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 5. Jackson, Tenn., November 1, 1862.

I. Brigadier General J. D. Webster is hereby appointed general superintendent of the military railroads of this department, and in all matters appertaining thereto he will have, possess, and exercise the same authority as that conferred upon General McPherson by orders from Headquarters Department of the Mississippi. The Engineer Regiment of the West will be under his command, with such officers, soldiers, and citizens as it may be necessary to employ from time to time.

II. Colonel George G. Pride is appointed chief engineer of military railroads, and will have charge of the repairs and reconstruction of the road-beds, bridges, and tracks of all railroads in this department.

The mechanics and laborers required will be furnished from the Engineer Regiment, and will be under his command while so engaged. He will have authority to engage citizen employes when necessary. Requisitions for material and funds necessary for repairing and rebuilding railroads will be made by him on the quartermaster's department. All contracts with citizen employes and all requisitions for material and funds will be subject to the approval of the commanding general.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, TENN., November 2, 1862.

General HAMILTON, Corinth, Miss.:

Have just heard from Grand Junction. There is a camp of say 2,000 cavalry at La Grange, Tenn., 3 miles from the Junction, and probably a small force at Davis' Mill, 7 miles south. I think the enemy are

