
day or two ago, and it is reported that 1,500 are in camp 1 mile from La Grange. It is undeniably true that rebel cavalry are in camp there, but the number is probably exaggerated. I shall be ready to move to-morrow morning at sunrise. As I understand it we are to move light, say two wagons to a regiment, one to carry ammunition and the other provisions, &amp; c. I propose to take along 200 rounds of ammunition per man.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES STEAMER LEXINGTON,

Columbus, November 2, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

General Sherman asked me to telegraph you that he had confirmatory reports that the enemy were evacuating Holly Springs and going south to Meridian and toward New Orleans and Mobile, and that he would send some other news to you in a few days.

JAMES W. SHIRK,

Lieutenant-Commander.

[NOVEMBER 2, 1862 - JANUARY 6, 1863. - For correspondence between Halleck and Grant relating specially to operations on the Mississippi Central Railroad, see Part I. pp. 467 - 480.]

DAVIS' BRIDGE,

Hatchie, November 3, [1862] - 10.30.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson:

Cavalry scouts from Ruckersville just in report having met a citizen of Holly Springs who says Price is still there in force, but quiet. We shall reach Porter's Creek in good season to-day.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., November 3, 1862.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding District of Jackson:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you copy of dispatch sent General Davies last evening.

If Starring's regiment is not among the first two arriving here send it to Corinth when it does arrive. Send two regiments to Bolivar as soon as practicable without taking them from here. When that is done detain all other new regiments at this place. Assign the first one so detained to Colonel Lawler's brigade and require Lawler to relieve the Eighth Illinois from road duty. Assign the next one to Colonel Stevenson's brigade, and require him to hold his troops in readiness for a forward movement at any time. When this is done all other troops can be assigned to Colonel Lawler's command without being brigaded, leaving them subject to further orders.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S. - In my absence any change you may find necessary for the pub

