
all moneys and provisions so collected, and from whom, and send their accounts through their immediate commanding officers to the chief commissary of the department to be audited.

The chief commissary of the department will designate in a circular how the abstract of such sales is to be kept and returned.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[NOVEMBER 3 and 4, 1862. - For Halleck to Curtis, and reply, in reference to co-operation with Grant, see Series I, Vol. XIII, pp. 778, 779.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, November 4, 1862.

General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing, Army in the Field:

GENERAL: Please get your men in camp as comfortable as you can on the stream 2 1/2 miles south of Grand Junction. McPherson will form a line almost connecting with you, extending down Wolf River, west of this place. Seize on the bridges between you and Holly Springs if they are still standing, and, if not, upon the places where they were, and organize working parties to rebuild them and repair the roads leading to them.

Send out to-morrow a large cavalry reconnaissance, supported by infantry, toward Holly Springs, with a lookout toward Ripley. McPherson will send from here a force to drive out some cavalry that are now in toward Somerville.

Halleck advises me that a large force is moving up from New Orleans; also that Helena force may move toward Grenada. Sherman will also be out. They are now sending me re-enforcements as rapidly as the road can transport them. I have sent some to Sherman. The telegraph and railroad will be complete. I hope to visit your camp some time to-morrow.

Let your teams collect all the forage they can, but in an orderly manner; send in charge of foraging parties officers who can be relied upon to maintain order.

I will probably go around to see you to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

November 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a communication dated the 29th ultimo, received from Acting Rear-Admiral David D. Porter, commanding the Mississippi Squadron, in which he announces his readiness for co-operation with the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

