
there with his command, either for Mobile, Meridian, or Vicksburg. A small force has also been sent to occupy points on the river where the enemy hold both banks, or we hold neither, to prevent desertions. The enemy at Holly Springs is now estimated at 30,000 men, in rather a disorganized condition. I cannot move from here with a force sufficient to handle that number without gloves.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

NOVEMBER 6, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Lawler has but two regiments in his brigade, the Thirty-first having gone with General Logan. Only one regiment, the One hundred and ninth, has reached Bolivar; the One hundred and nineteenth will come down to-day, assigned by your former order to Bolivar; if they go to Bolivar I must relieve the Twentieth with one of Lawler's regiments. Shall I stop that regiment here and relieve the Eighth with it, so as to send Stevenson forward? No troops are reported yet as coming down, and if I send the Twentieth and Stevenson's brigade it will leave two light regiments of infantry here, not enough for guard duty.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., November 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: You will send Colonel Pugh with his brigade and a section of artillery on a reconnaissance on the Holly Springs road. The infantry and artillery will be preceded by four companies of cavalry, and will go out on the road some 8 or 10 miles, if circumstances permit, to ascertain if possible whether there is any force of the enemy in the vicinity, what it consists of, &amp; c. They will also pay particular attention to the cross-roads, and have them examined before passing the point of intersection. The command will start as soon as it can be got ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, November 7, 1862.

Ordered, That Brigadier-General Ellet report to Rear-Admiral Porter for instructions, and act under his direction until otherwise ordered by the War Department.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 7, 1862.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have written and telegraphed General Halleck in regard to a dash on the railroad at Grenada. Be ready therefore with cavalry and howitzers for a movement which will require great energy, courage, and prudence. The object would be to cut off Price's retreat. At least

