HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., November 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: You will hold your division in readiness to move to-morrow morning at 8 a. m. in the direction of Holly Springs on a reconnaissance in force, with the exception of two regiments of General Veatch's brigade, one of which will be left to guard Ball's Bridge, across Wolf River, and the other as a reserve and for picket duty, and one regiment of Colonel Johnson's brigade, which will be left to guard the bridges across Wolf River, on the Holly Springs road. Two batteries will accompany you. The men will go provided with two days' rations in haversacks and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The command will take the westerly roads to Lamar, where it will be joined by a division from General Hamilton's command.

Commanders of regiments are strictly enjoined to see that there is no straggling from ranks and that no acts of vandalism are committed; and they are notified that they will be held to a strict accountability. Brigadier-General Veatch's brigade I think had better cross at Ball's Bridge and move out from there, joining the balance of the command at a point some 6 miles out, where the two roads come within a short distance of each other. You can, however, after consulting with General Veatch, exercise your own discretion. The hour of marching will be given you as soon as I ascertain the time General Hamilton's division marches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,November 7, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Commanding:

GENERAL: Quinby's division is selected for the reconnaissance to-morrow. If McPherson does not go in person Quinby will be in command. Will the cavalry be under his orders? What time should the division start, and can it be furnished with a guide? I have none. The movement will have to be postponed unless the provision train gets up to-night. I hear nothing of it as yet. I shall post Stanley's division at Davis' Mill to-morrow, so as to more completely cover the ground between McPherson and me. It will also cover the bridges there and relieve the cavalry now required to hold them. Please let me know if McPherson goes out in command of the reconnaissance. The only thing I get confirmatory of an evacuation is the story of a negro who heard Price say if many more men deserted he would not be able to get his trains off. I somewhat doubt the story.

Send me, if you please, papers of the 5th, if you have them, and also results of elections in the States of New York, Illinois, and Wisconsin.

What do you learn of the provision train?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

