SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS, Memphis, November 8, 1862.

Numbers 311.

A detachment of men, to be composed as follows: Seventy-second Ohio, Colonel Buckland; Sixth Iowa, Sixth Missouri, six companies Thirty-second Wisconsin, Thielemann's cavalry, and Bouton's battery, all under the command of Colonel Buckland, will rendezvous at the camp of the Fifty-fourth Ohio, on the Hernando road, at 9 a. m. precisely, of Monday the 10th instant, for special service. All will be provided with 60 rounds of ammunition, five days' rations and forage, one wagon and one ambulance for each regiment, squadron, and battery.

Colonel Buckland will receive special instructions, and brigadiers will see that the detachments from their commands are well equipped in all respects for rapid marching.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, Grand Junction, November 8, 1862.

Numbers 11.

Brigadier General L. F. Ross, having reported for duty with this command, is assigned to the command of a brigade in Brigadier-General McArthur's division.

By command of Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton:

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, U. S. Army, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,Scott's House, November 9, 1862 - 10.30 a. m.

[General GRANT:]

GENERAL: Stanley's division has been ready to move since dawn. If he moves to support Quinby, McArthur will relieve his pickets at the river-crossings. My aide, Lieutenant Pearce, has just got back from Corinth, and has brought the printing-press and material from Corinth. You had better take the whole for use at your headquarters; it is on the cars at the Junction.

If Stanley moves I will probably go with him, though on my return last night I was attacked with dysentery and am very weak this morning. Ought not a depot of provisions to be established at the Junction to-day? Only 45 wagons came to my command, and Quinby took all the bread, there being only enough for his division. We shall get along if we can draw from the Junction this evening or in the morning.

Yours, most respectfully,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., November 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General HAMILTON, Commanding, &amp; c.:

Stanley's division will be required to move only in case the enemy should come out and attack. Put forces in front in force. You can send your trains to Grand Junction, as that is probably the most convenient place to draw your supplies, taking in consideration the facilities for unloading the cars. They will be there to-day without fail.

