
dispatch ordering re-enforcements from Jackson by rail. He agrees with your suggestion to hold your force at Grand Junction as long as possible. Let the baggage train come forward and be parked near the college; throw sentries up the line of the railroad track toward La Grange, and let the engine wait and leave in the morning, taking care to keep out of the way of down train. My instructions are to hold this position at all hazards, and I reply upon you and your command, confidently, to hold them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 46. La Fayette, June 25, 1862.

The division will move to-morrow morning to Moscow. General Morgan L. Smith's brigade, in advance, will start as early as possible, to allow the whole division to reach Moscow before the intense heat of the day. He will proceed through Moscow to a point about 1 1\2 miles beyond, and select good ground facing south and near enough Wolf River to obtain from it a supply of water.

General Denver will follow General Smith and select his camp outside of Moscow an near enough the Wolf River to obtain water from it.

Colonel McDowell's brigade will bring up the rear and occupy the town of Moscow.

The chief of artillery will distribute the batteries as heretofore.

The division train and all wagons not needed by the regiments can cross the Wolf River here and proceed to Moscow by a road lying on the north side of that stream. The Fourth Illinois Cavalry will bring up the rear of and guard that train.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDER, LA FAYETTE, TENN.,

Numbers 101. June 25, 1862.

The Fifty-second Indiana Volunteers will move early in the morning to the bridge, 3 miles from this place, and from a junction with the Fiftieth Ohio Volunteers, the senior officer taking command of both regiments.

These regiments will guard the bridges and road to Germantown and draw their supplies from Memphis.

Colonel McDowell, commanding Second Brigade, will detail the Forty-sixth Ohio Volunteers to remain, and with one section of artillery, detached by Major Taylor, protect the depot in La Fayette and the bridge and railroad.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The railroad having been broken to-day and an attack being imminent great vigilance must be exercised.

J. H. H.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

3 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

