
There is a printing-press connected with these headquarters; you can retain the one you speak of if you need it.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., November 9, 1862.

General HAMILTON:

The following dispatch just received from General McPherson, written 8.30 a. m.:*

* * * * * * *

You will send out couriers at once to find Quinby and direct him to Lamar. He should have reported ere this to McPherson. Leave the stores mentioned, to find him and hurry him up. It must be that he has taken Ripley road, which is all wrong.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,November 9, 1862 - 12 m.

[General GRANT:]

GENERAL: I have sent out parties to find Quinby. He camped at Davis' Mill last night. He had a map such as I have; was instructed to join McPherson at Lamar and to pick up a guide on the way. I cannot think he is out of the way, but if it shall prove so, he will speedily be brought back and set right. McPherson probably thought him nearer than Davis' Mill last night. I have little doubt the story brought by our man who escaped is entirely the correct one; it agrees with what McPherson said last night, as coming from the prisoners he had captured.

If the enemy have concluded to stay at Coldwater would it not be well to let them remain there until we can bag them. A big haul now will be of the greatest importance at this juncture of affairs. An officer who came in this morning from Jackson says France and England have formally recognized the Confederacy. If such be the case battles, to have any importance, must be of the most decisive character, and we ought to run no risk, but make sure of great things. Have you heard from Sherman?

A letter from Wisconsin to-day advises me that the Wisconsin regiments in the State, as also those of Pope's command, are ordered to McClernand. Is that so? If I am unable to ride I will come over this p. m.

Yours, respectfully,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., November 9, 1862.

Major-General HURLBUT, Jackson, Tenn.:

Refuse all permits to come south of Jackson for the present. The Israelites especially should be kept out.

What troops have you now, exclusive of Stevenson's brigade?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

---------------

* See p. 327.

---------------

