
JACKSON, November 9, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

My force at Jackson now consists of the following: Eighteenth Illinois Infantry; Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry; Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry; One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry; Fourteenth Ohio Battery; Company D, First Illinois Artillery; Fourteenth Indiana Battery; Third Battalion, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry; Twelfth (Company H) Illinois Cavalry; Company A, Second Illinois Cavalry; Foster's Independent Cavalry.

Colonel Stevenson, Fourth Brigade, will move on Monday morning.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., November 9, 1862.

Major-General MCPHERSON:

I have sent word to Hamilton to send out for Quinby, and direct him to you. If the enemy is found in strong force at Coldwater, return, sending Colonel Lee, with the cavalry from Hamilton's column, to hunt Quinby up and direct his return.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

LAMAR, November 9, 1862 - 1 p. m.

Major-General GRANT, Commanding:

We have discovered the enemy drawn up in line of battle, 10,000 strong, on a hill across Coldwater, under Pemberton; 10,000 are under Price, a short distance below Holly Springs, and 13,000 at Abbeville. If our whole army was here we could go to Holly Springs, probably, without much of a fight. As it is, they are disposed to dispute our farther advance. I have made arrangements to fall back and will be in La Grange to-night.

General Quinby came up about 9.30 a. m., having camped at Davis' Mill last night. Colonel Lee, of the cavalry, is a trump and no mistake. He has some more prisoners; altogether I think the number will amount to 150. I am going forward to see Colonel Lee, and will give you more detailed information when I come in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,
 In the Field, La Grange, Tenn.,

Numbers 2. November 9, 1862.

Hereafter stoppages will be made on muster and pay rolls against divisions for the full amount of depredations committed by any number or numbers of the division unless the act can be traced either to the individuals committing them or to the company, regiment, or brigade to which the offenders belong.

In all cases the punishment will be assessed to the smallest organization containing the guilty parties.

