
manded the order. The enemy now occupy Coldwater, a line in rear, and Abbeville.

The following is the organization:

Pemberton's (four) division:

Price-two division: Maury, Bowen. Rust, commanding Lovell's division; latter sick at Holly Springs. Tilghman's division - released prisoners.

Rust, 6,000 men - three brigades; five batteries, four guns each.

Tilghman, 4,000 men - two brigades; two batteries, two guns each.

Price, 10,000 men - two division; number of guns not known.

At Abbeville there are 12,000 militia. There are no intrenchments at Coldwater; at Holly Springs ordinary rifle-pits. They have no heavy guns. Villepigue has gone to Port Hudson. Directly after the Corinth fight 10,000 men went to Mobile.

General Halleck informed me that there would be a movement north from New Orleans, and that Curtis was directed to re-enforce Helena, and would be directed to move on Grenada if it was impracticable to go to Little Rock. I telegraphed yesterday before receiving your letter to be more definitely informed of their different movements, and particularly that the Helena force be required to co-operate with me.

I am now informed that six regiments have already left for Memphis, and that five or six more will start immediately; this is infantry alone. The Third Regular Cavalry and likely other regiments of cavalry will also join you, besides several batteries.

I think it will not be advisable for you to move until you can do it with two complete divisions of twelve infantry regiments each, with a full proportion of cavalry and artillery. My plan was for you to move on Oxford if the enemy remain where they are now, or some point south of the Tallahatchie; but on reflection I am more inclined to favor your occupying Moscow, and all start together, especially if there should be a movement from Helena as desired.

When you can leave a force of four regiments of infantry with artillery and about four companies of cavalry at Memphis I think you will be ready to move. Re-enforcements may constantly be expected at Memphis after your departure. Hence this opinion.

I will not be able to send you any general officer unless possibly one to take command of the forces that will be left at Memphis. Stuart and Buckland will both command brigades or even divisions as well as if they held the commissions which they should and I hope will hold.

We will of course supply ourselves from the country with everything it affords necessary for the army, giving receipts for the same to be settled at the close of hostilities. These receipts should set forth as far as practicable the status of the parties who are deprived of their property. I will inclose with this some information just this moment received.

I may occupy Holly Springs for the purpose of finishing the railroad as far south as possible and getting our supplies also as far in that direction as possible. We are now getting up rations rapidly and will keep on hand 100,000 ahead. The railroad is completed to Davis' Mill and work progressing rapidly.

There were a number of matters I intended to write you when I commenced, but being interrupted so often I have forgotten them. I will communicate with you again before the final start is made.

Yours, truly,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

