
Second Division, Brigadier General M. L. Smith commanding. - First and Fourth Brigades.

General Smith will be considered specially in command of the outer lines, and will give his attention to the location of camps, their police and discipline. Headquarters on Poplar street.

II. All the troops at Memphis will prepare at once for field service. Each regiment will reduce its baggage and transportation to the standard fixed in General Orders, Numbers 160, from the Headquarters of the Army, and will pay special attention to their arms, ammunition, and equipments.

III. The First Division will draw their supplies of provisions from Captain Morton, commissary of subsistence, in the warehouse at Fort Pickering.

The Second Division will draw their supplies from Captain Hinsdill, commissary of subsistence on board the wharf-boat. Quartermaster and ordnance supplies will as heretofore be drawn from Captain J. Condit Smith, assistant quartermaster, and Captain Neely, ordnance officer, Fort Pickering. Captain H. S. Fitch is announced as post quartermaster, specially charged with the administration of his department at Memphis, and Captain Swain, assistant quartermaster, charged with the transportation department and such other duties as may be assigned him.

IV. The regiments to arrive will be assigned to brigades to fill up the blanks in the brigades, and will at once report to their respective brigadiers, who will at once instruct them in their duties.

V. Commanders of divisions and brigades will at once fill their respective staffs and announce their names and office in orders. All such staff officers must be well mounted, and if they be not entitled by law to horses their commanders will make the necessary requisitions for approval and order at these headquarters. Officers acting as staff officers and mounted orderlies are entitled to forage drawn on returns, the same as officers and men of like rank in the cavalry service.

VI. The commanding general expects all officers now to vie with each other in the display of soldierly zeal, for all have now had most valuable experience under all the circumstances to which soldiers are usually exposed. Let all marches and military movements be conducted in compact, good order, in cheerfulness and silence, and honor and fame will be our certain reward.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 13, 1862 - 10.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Five regiments Indiana infantry left yesterday for Memphis, and the Sixty-third Regiment Indiana Infantry will leave to-day. I infer that General Grant claims the right to change their destination, and to control all the troops sent to Columbus and Memphis.

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND,

Major-General.

