
GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

La Grange, November 14, 1862.

P. H. WATSON, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War:

John Riggin, referred to in your dispatch, is my aide. He has given but one order referring to telegraphing, and that was dictated by me. It was that private dispatches might be sent over the wire before 10 a. m., when they did not interfere with military dispatches. Colonel Riggin is assigned the duty of military superintendent of telegraphs within the department - a position which interferes with no present arrangement, but is intended solely for my relief. Misrepresentations have been made.

U. S. GRANT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 14, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, La Grange, Tenn.:

Colonel Anson Stager having been appointed by the Secretary of War superintendent of military telegraphs and of the construction and management of all military lines, Colonel Riggin must not interfere. Colonel Stager has appointed deputies believed to be competent, but if they fail in their duties a report of the fact to Colonel Stager will bring a prompt remedy.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,November 14, 1862.

General GRANT:

Sullivan camped at Hudsonville last night, and will reach Davis' Mill by noon to-day. He has 36 prisoners, including 7 officers.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., November 14, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Memphis, Tenn.:

After writing to you by Colonel Grierson I received a dispatch from General Halleck stating that in addition to troops already ordered to this department some from Ohio and Kentucky were also ordered, all to be collected at Memphis, from which place a combined military and naval expedition would move on Vicksburg. This, taken in connection with the mysterious rumors of McClernand's command, left me in doubt as to what I should do. I therefore telegraphed Halleck to know if that movement was to be made independent of mine here - if I was to lie still where I am or to penetrate as far south as possible with the means at hand; he replied that all troops sent into the department would be under my control - fight the enemy my own way.*

From information brought in by spies sent from Corinth by General Rosecrans before he left there, the enemy are expecting re-enforcements from Bragg's army and also from Virginia. Have also been re-enforced by Holmes and Hindman. This latter I do not credit.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 469.

---------------

