
within our lines from south of said river. All passes heretofore granted inconsistent with this order are hereby revoked.

II. The facts having been officially reported to the major-general commanding that a portion of the Twentieth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers did on the night of the 7th of November instant, at Jackson, Tenn., break into the store of G. W. Graham &amp; Co. and take therefrom goods to the amount of $ 41.10, the property of said Graham & Co., and did cut the tent of R. B. Kent and N. A. Bass and take therefrom goods to the value of $ 345, the property of said Kent and Bass, and burn and destroy the tent and poles, also the property of said Kent and Bass of the value of $ 56.25, all of which damages amount to the sum of $ 1,242.66; and it further appearing from said report that Captain C. L. Paige, Company D; Captain J. M. North, Company E; Captain G. W. Kennard, Company I; Lieuts. Henry King, Company B; William S. Sears, Company C; John A. Edmiston, Company E; David D. Wadsworth, Company I; J. B. Bailey, Company F; Victor H. Stevens, Company H; R. N. Evans, Company I; Charles Taylor, Company I, of said regiment, were absent from their commands at the time of the perpetration of these outrages, in violation of orders and without proper cause, when they should have been present; and also that Captain Orton Frisbie, of Company H, acting in capacity of major, and Captain John Tunison, of Company G, the senior captain, immediately after the commission of these depredations did not exercise their authority to ferret out the men guilty of the offenses, but that on the contrary Captain Tunison interposed to prevent search and discovery of the parties really guilty, and that Captain Frisbie, after the commission of the said depredations, being in command of the regiment, remained behind twenty-four hours after the regiment marched; and the names of the individual parties guilty not having been disclosed, it is therefore ordered:

1st. That the said sum of $ 1,242.66 be assessed against said regiment and the officers hereinbefore named, excepting such enlisted men as were at the time sick in hospital or absent with proper authority; that the same be charged against them on the proper muster and pay rolls, and the amount each is to pay noted opposite his name thereon, the officers to be assessed pro rate with the men on the amount of ther pay proper, and that the same so collected will be paid by the commanding officer of the regiment to the parties entitled to the same.

2d. That Captain Orton Frisbie and Captain John Tunison, of the Twentieth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, for willful neglect of duty and violation of orders, are hereby mustered out of the service of the United States, to take effect this day.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 17, 1862.

Honorable F. P. BLAIR:

Your brother says you are solicitous to be ordered to join General McClernand. I suppose you are ordered to Saint Helena; this means that you are to form part of McClernand's expedition as it moves down the river; and General McClernand is so informed. I will see General Halleck as to whether the additional force you mention can go with you.

A. LINCOLN.

