
from the ample force now on the Mississippi and its valley under Admiral Porter, Generals Grant and Curtis.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding District.

P. S.- The old navy-yard here was used by the Confederate authorities for founding cannon, construction gun-carriages, transportation wagons, and all sorts of military stores. Though donated by Congress to the city of Memphis, I think it is fairly liable to confiscation, but I have only taken certain parts of it for necessary workshops, taking accurate inventories of tools and materials. I am making a kind of pontoon train for General Hovey at Helena and another for myself. Indeed, these shops are admirably adapted to Government purposes.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Island Numbers 10, November 17, 1862.

Captain LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: I have moved my command, with all the commissary stores and Government property, to the island, except the large guns, which the steamer Rob Roy cannot move, on account of her decks being insufficient to hold them. The guns have all been removed to the river bank, ready to be loaded and brought over as soon as we have any boat for that purpose. If the general will send down the O'Brien I think we can put them on to her without any difficulty.

A few matters have been brought to my attention in regard to which I desire some instructions. A number of the citizens here who have taken the oath have asked permission to bring down small quantities of powder and shot for fowling purposes; the same in regard to salt and quinine. they ask to be allowed to purchase, in small quantities only, enough for their individual use.

There are two prisoners at Mr. Milton Donaldson's, near this place, who were wounded in the affair with Falkner's cavalry. They have been in a very precarious condition and were too sick to be moved, but now are recovering, and some disposition will soon have to be made of them.

There are also two men who were taken prisoners when this place was occupied-by name Seale. They took the oath, were released, and have been living here since then. On of them is very ill, not expected to live; the other one is also in bad health. They reside in Dallas County, Arkansas, about 150 miles back of Helena, and sire, if possible, permission to return to their homes beyond our lines. Can it be granted? They belong to the Twelfth Arkansas Regiment.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. GORDON,

Captain, Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE TENN.,La Grange, Tenn., November 17, 1862.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: General Grant telegraphed you to-day that we needed 6 locomotives and 200 cars, and wished you to visit personally roads

