
in Indiana, Michigan, and the Northwest and procure the engines. General Halleck telegraph they cannot be procured at the East. The supposition is you can procure one or two engines from a road and have them changed at their shops to 5-feet gage. The engines are needed at the shortest possible moment to open the road south of Memphis. Of the cars we will want 50 platform-cars, and the balance of the number box-cars. Seventy-five cars to be sent to Columbus and the rest to Memphis. Also please order us five good hand-cars for Memphis. The Northwest roads have not been called upon much for engines, and they must help. We hope you will within two weeks start a portion of above on the way, as our army cannot move without them. There are a number of cars in course of construction at Dayton, which might be taken. Keep us advised what can be depended upon.

Respectfully,

GEO. G. PRIDE,

Chief Engineer Military Railroads, Dept. of the Tennessee.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Numbers 21. La Grange, Tenn., November 17, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General J. M. Tuttle will turn over the command of the post of Cairo and dependencies to the senior officer and repair without delay to Jackson, Tenn., and relieve Major General S. A. Hurlbut in the command of the District of Jackson.

On being relieved Major General S. A. Hurlbut will report in person to Major-General Sherman at Memphis, Tenn.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., November 18, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

Can you get information from the East, say as far as Florence? I want to hear from along the Tennessee from Tuscumbia eastward to know if any rebel troops are crossing there.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, November 18, 1862-4 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

The Second Brigade of my division reached here just at dark last night. The First brigade camped 5 miles back and came in at 7 o'clock this morning. I have occupied the day so far in examining my surroundings, establishing pickets, &amp;c. There is a large amount of railroad property here, consisting of wheels and exiles, together and detached, locomotive tires, &c.

The people are taking cotton in large quantities to Memphis and bringing back all sorts of commodities, contraband and otherwise. I have stopped it until further orders.

23 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

