
Have ordered all roads running south from Memphis and Charleston, except that from here, obstructed; all teams coming from Charleston to report here, and teams taking cotton turned back.

There is some cotton about here unpacked, but a large amount picked and ginned and unpinned. I have directed it to be kept until I receive your orders about it.

I. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, TENN., November 18, 1862.

Brigadier General I. F. QUINBY, Davis' Mill, Miss.:

You may permit all persons living at home to save their cotton and bring it in for sale. Such persons as are known to be in the Southern Army, or have contributed, directly and voluntarily, to the support of the rebellion, their cotton may be taken, if they have any, and sent here to be sold for the benefit of the Government. Persons who prefer taking their cotton to Memphis may be permitted to do so. Persons whose negroes have run off and have cotton yet to pick will be allowed to hire the negroes in charge of Government here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, November 18, 1862.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS:

I have directed the reduction of the transportation and public and private property of my division to conform to recent orders in view of the movements likely to take place. This is important. It is reported to me that the quartermaster at La Grange will not receipt for surplus public property. Some surplus teams will be sent in to-morrow. Will you call Major-General Grant's attention to this matter?

I. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.

MOSCOW, November 19, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Major Nelson, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, reports the enemy's pickets on the two roads to the west of that running from this place to Holly Springs.

The Seventh Illinois Cavalry is mostly armed with Smith's carbines, and for these there are but 6 rounds of ammunition each. I will obstruct all of the roads for 15 miles running south from the wagon road to Memphis, except the first, unless you should otherwise order. May I ask you to order ammunition for Smith's carbide-an excellent arm? There is much work for my small cavalry force; could use two companies more to advantage.

I. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.

