
10,000 cars on the railroads terminating there. will you not be likely to want more? Would it not be better to make requisitions on them for 500 cars and 10 locomotives, and take at once what you now require, and others as needed. Answer at Chicago.

L. B. PARSONS.

I get no reply. Please give it to him if with you, or send it forward if he has left.

L. B. PARSONS.

CAIRO, November 22, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I have sent a large force to the mouth of the Yazoo River with some light-draught vessels to prevent the enemy from erecting fortifications, with orders to hold the position until we are ready to land the army there with two iron-clads left at Helena.

The rivers are too shallow four our vessels. I have a few vessels here. Where will you have them?

PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

SAINT LOUIS, November 23, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On the 25th October General Grant telegraphed as follows:

Major-General CURTIS:

New Madrid being out of my department I would like to withdraw the detachments of troops I have there as soon as they can be relieved. Will you send troops to relieved them?

I replied same day:

Dispatch received. Can't spare troops from New Madrid at present.

General Grant same day says:

The troops at New Madrid are detachments from other troops of my command. If they cannot remains subject to my orders I must remove them.

On the 21st November, before I had opportunity to relieve the troops, Brigadier-General Davies telegraphs:

In accordance with orders from Major-General Grant the troops from New Madrid are being removed to Island Numbers 10. If you intend sending troops to New Madrid the guns will be left; if not, they small be removed.

On the 22nd I answered as follows:

Troops and forts in my department are under my command, not General Grant's.

On the 22d, in reply, General Davies telegraphs:

The troops belonging to this command which were at New Madrid have been ordered away. Notice was given you that you might replace them if you so thought necessary, and no answer was received until this morning. General Grant did not think it safe to leave the guns there without anybody to guard them, so ordered a boat to take them to Island Numbers 10.

I have stopped the Thirty-second Iowa to go and supply this vacuum, and briefly reported to facts to headquarters, with a request that at least General Grant should be ordered to return the guns. Please report to General Grant.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

