
mand will return from Rienzi upon the arrival of the left wing, General C. S. Hamilton.

By order of General Rosecrans:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 26, 1862.

General JEFFERSON, C. DAVIS, Jacinto, Miss.:

The commanding general directs that you report to-morrow with your division to Brigadier-General Hamilton at Rienzi. The left wing is ordered to proceed on the Holly Springs road via Ripley, with three days' rations in their haversacks, two days' rations and extra ammunition to follow by the train; 40 rounds ammunition per man in cartridgeboxes, 60 rounds in knapsacks. Have wagons, spades, shovels, picks.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(To be forwarded from Rienzi by messenger.)

MEMPHIS, June 26, 1862.

General HALLECK:

There is a reported cut in railroad west of Germantown. Wires now down for two days, with small bodies rebel cavalry through the country burning cotton and cutting wire as fast as filled up. Additional cavalry would enable me to partially clear the country of these men. There are five companies of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry at Humboldt and some here. Can they all come here? Stemare for White River stars this morning, taking two regiments to re-enforce Colonel Fitch, who will convey them to General Curtis.

U. S. GRANT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 26, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: News has just reached me, or reached me during the night, that Jackson's forces scamp in on the railroad near Germantown yesterday and captured the train with all on boards, and also the wagon train loaded with supplies for General Sherman's division; also cut the road. Day before yesterday I heard of Jackson being 20 miles southeast from here, intending to make a raid upon this wagon train, with a view of destroying it, at their camping place for last night. I immediately issued orders for the cavalry here to accompany this train to their camp ground for last night, and if deemed advisable accompany them this morning to beyond danger.

The wagon train left the evening this order was published, going out of the city to encamp. The additional escort followed in the morning, and with the usual cavalry stupidity took the wrong road, thus leaving the train protected only with the escort furnished by General Sherman. As this last force followed on after the capture it is not at all improbable that they too have been taken.

My information is all from citizens who came in last night, and may not be strictly reliable.

