
infantry follow. Make the enemy cross the Tennessee or capture them. I will send rations to Henderson Station to meet you on your return, and if you get out of rations draw on the country and give receipts.

Keep your command together. Allow no straggling.

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, November 25, 1862.

General STEELE,

Commanding United States Forces, Helena:

DEAR SIR: Yours of yesterday is before me.* I wish I had met you going down, but somehow we passed each other.

The mode of attacking and threatening the flank of the enemy detailed by you is excellent. Nothing better.

I march to-morrow with my whole force toward Chulahoma, about 20 miles south of Holly Springs. Grant will at same time be at Limpkin's Mill, south of Holy Springs. If Hovey can reach the river near Charleston about Sunday or Monday the effect will be good. If the cavalry force can break that road good anywhere between Coffeeville and Grenada the enemy is forced to fight or retreat eastward.

I know that General Hovey's heart is in it, and that he will succeed. Nothing but heavy rains can prevent full success. I will send your letter to General Grant. My news from the enemy places them at Tallahatchie, near Abbeville, fortifying all crossing places.

As ever, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,

Numbers 97. Memphis, November 25, 1862.

First day's march.- General Denver moves by the Pigeon Roost road out Vance street, courses Nonconah, and camps 14 or 15 miles out. General Smith marches out Poplar street and State Line road to Germantown. General Lauman marches out Hermando road to the cross-road beyond Anderson's, turns east and makes, say, 13 miles.

Second day's march.- General Denver moves on the Pigeon Roost road to Byhalia, 14 miles. General Smith moves from Germantown to Byhalia, camping on the left of Denver. General Lauman moves up to Pigeon Roost road, and follows Denver, camping on his right rear.

Third day's march.- General Denver leads on the Chulahoma road, about 12 miles across Pigeon Roost Creek. General Lauman follows Denver and encamps to his right rear. General Smith follows Lauman and encamps to his left rear.

Fourth day's march.- General Denver moves into Chulahoma. General Lauman follows and encamps on his right. General Smith follows and encamps on his left.

Cavalry.- Four companies to accompany Lauman; eight companies keep with the main center, and during the three days' march will file to the left and communicate with Grant near Holly Springs or Lump-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

