
kin's Mill, 7 miles south of Holly Springs. Each division will have a good advance guard and flankers when necessary; also a good guard for the train.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Numbers 332. Memphis, November 25, 1862.

Major General S. A. Hurlbut, having reported at these headquarter, is assigned to the command of the post of Memphis, and will enter on duty at once.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,La Grange, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing, Army in the Field:

GENERAL: You will be prepared to move with your entire command, except one regiment of McArther's division now in charge of contraband, southward, making Coldwater the first day, by the most easterly roads found practicable for artillery. Ross' and McArthur's divisions are only embraced in the troops to march by this route. Quinby will march directly from Moscow, taking everything clean from that place, leaving no garrison. He will encamp the first night to the right of right wing; second day from the rear, and come up and take his position with the left wing when he encamps in the evening. Three days' rations will be taken in haversacks and five in wagons. Two hundred thousand rations will be taken down the railroad on Monday morning next, as far as the road may then be practicable, from which point your teams will have to haul further supplies. No provision will be made for a reserve for the entire command, but each wing commander will provide for and have charge of his own reserve.

The order of march from each wing will be provided for by wing commanders.

Sherman leaves Memphis to-day, and is instructed to reach water to the southwest of Holly Springs on Sunday next. Our march must be so arranged as to reach water to the south, southeast, and southwest of Holly Springs on the same day.

Each commander will have with him 200 rounds of ammunition per man for the infantry and cavalry, and all the artillery ammunition their means of transportation will allow. Further supplies will be provided for by the ordnance officer, under instructions which he will receive direct from these headquarters.

Wing commanders will require all men to keep in ranks. At least one field officer should march in the rear of his regiments, and company officers should at all times be directly with their companies. On the first halt, regimental commanders, under supervision of division and brigade staff officers, should make an inspection of their entire com-

