
mands, and take from every officer and soldier who is not entitled to forage from the United States that may be found mounted his horse and horse equipments, and send them back to the quartermaster at this place.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.

Numbers 10. La Grange, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

I. A district provost-marshal will be appointed from these headquarters from each district in this department, who will have general supervision of all local provost-marshals in his respective district, and to whom they will make weekly reports of all arrests, seizures, and dispositions of all persons arrested and property seized.

II. District provost-marshals will receive their instructions from the provost-marshal general, to whom they will make semi-monthly reports of all arrests in their respective districts, stating the name, offense, officer by whom arrested, and the disposition made of the arrested party; also all property seized, by whom, and why seized, and the disposition made of the same, accompanying said report with a receipt from the quartermaster to whom the property has been turned over.

III. Local provost-marshals are prohibited from selling or disposing of confiscated property. They will turn all such property over to the nearest post quartermaster, and if there is no post quartermaster convenient then to a division, brigade, or regimental quartermaster, taking triplicate receipts therefor, two to be forwarded with report to the district provost-marshal. If property seized is such as is properly embraced in the commissary or ordnance departments the provost-marshal may turn it over to the proper officers of these departments instead of to quartermasters, taking receipts therefor, as provided in cases of quartermasters.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Numbers 30. La Grange, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

* * * * * *

X. Second Lieutenant Orlando H. Ross, of Company D, Twentieth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is hereby appointed and announced as agent and general superintendent of military mails for this department, and he will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All military mail messenger will be detailed from the ranks and be subject to his orders.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,
 U. S. FORCE, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 1. La Grange, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 30, Department of Tennessee,*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

