
the undersigned hereby assumes command of the cavalry division, which embraces-

First Brigade: Seventh Kansas, Second Illinois, Fourth Illinois, Second Battalion Second Iowa, Colonel A. L. Lee commanding.

Second Brigade: First and Third Battalions Second Iowa, Seventh Illinois, Fifth Ohio, Colonel Hatch commanding.

Third Brigade: Third Michigan, Sixth Illinois, and Thielemann's Battalion Illinois Cavalry, Colonel B. H. Grierson commanding.

II. Commanders of regiments and detachments mentioned in this order will at once report for orders to their respective brigade commanders mentioned in this order, except the commander of the Third Michigan Cavalry Regiment, who will report for the time being to Major-General McPherson, commanding forces near La Grange.

III. The commanding officer of the First Brigade will report with his brigade for duty to Brigadier-General Hamilton, commanding the left wing of this army.

IV. The commander of the Second Brigade will report with his brigade for duty to Major-General McPherson, commanding United States forces at and near La Grange.

V. The Third Brigade (with the exception of the Third Michigan Cavalry) will remain until further ordered, doing duty under and reporting to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the United States forces, District of Memphis.

VI. Until otherwise ordered the several brigades, regiments, and detachments will draw their supplies through the appropriate channels of the command with which they may be doing duty.

T. LYLE DICKEY,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry, Commanding Division.

TRENTON, November 27, 1862-11 p. m.

General SULLIVAN:

My scouts report to-night from Cageville that 200 to 250 of Jackson's and Falkner's cavalry are at or near Bend's Ferry, on the Hatchie, enforcing the conscript act.

JACOB FRY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 7. La Grange, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

Upon the forming of a junction between the forces now moving from here under Generals McPherson and Hamilton with those from Memphis under Major-General Sherman, the army in the field will be known and designated as follows:

Right wing, Major General W. T. Sherman commanding, and will be composed of the troops now under his command and such as are transferred to it by Special Orders, Numbers 30.*

Center, commanded by Major General J. B. McPherson, and left wing, Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton commanding.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

