SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Numbers 31. La Grange, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. On the advance of the army, La Grange, Grand Junction, and Davis' Bridge will constitute a military command. Major-General McPherson will designate two regiments of infantry and one battalion of cavalry from the right wing to form this garrison, one regiment of which and at least two companies of cavalry will be stationed at Davis' Mill.

The Fifteenth Michigan Volunteer Regiment, now at Grand Junction, will continue to occupy that place and will form a part of the garrison.

It will be the duty of the commanding officer to protect the railroad south of Grand Junction to Coldwater, and from La Grange to Grand Junction.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Old Lamar, November 28, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Move to-morrow at the earliest possible hour and reach the nearest water to the south or southeast of Holly Springs. I have no information of water nearer than Lumpkin's Mill, except directly east from Holly Springs. If I should not came up with you at Holly Springs to-morrow you can exercise your own judgment as to the expediency of sending McArthur's division eastward to Chewalla Creek.

Detail four good companies of cavalry, well commanded, to remain at Holy Springs until they receive orders from me. I want to send them to communicate with Sherman.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S.-Holly Springs will be my headquarter after to-morrow until further orders.

UNION CITY, November 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

I have reliable information that three of the most prominent Union citizens of this country were last night captured at or near Troy, in this county, a town noted for the treason of its inhabitants. They were captured by guerrillas, who infest the Obion Bottom, near that town, and are daily carrying off Union citizens and robbing them of their property, especially their horses.

Troy is a hot-bed of traitors; not a Union man living in the town. The 3 men captured have been our main stand-by for five months past, one of whom is Colonel Bradford. I propose, if it meets with your approval, to give the authorities of the town notice that if the 3 men captured are not returned in five days that I will burn up the town. General, as unwell as I am, if you will give me the command at Trenton,

