
which is a central point, I will have this country from the Memphis and Ohio Railroad to the Hatchie cleared of the last guerrilla in it before the return of my papers, as I know every district of the country. This will be a pleasure to me, as I have done so once before.

THOS. W. HARRIS,

Colonel Fifty-Fourth Illinois.

SPRINGFIELD, November 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I arrived here yesterday. General McClerand has favored me with a copy of a dispatch to be sent by him to you showing that the has sent all the available troops raised in this State into the field.

I hope he will be soon sent forward in command of the expedition identified with his name.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Holly Springs, Miss., November 29, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Telegraph complete and working to this point. Move a portion of your troops eastward from their present position if they can obtain water and be in supporting distance of each other. They should also move a few miles farther south. I want to get McPherson in between you and Sherman, to move southeast from his present position if water and proper ground can be found. I shall send him word very early in the morning to reconnoiter for these two conditions. Send back to Coldwater on Monday all the teams you can spare, with instructions to lead up from the train and remain there until such time as you can send for them or direct a proper escort should accompany the train. Your train is not yet through passing this point, 7.50.

Your teams will be nearer forage at Coldwater than here, and be out of the way of operations. One division from your wing will be detailed to be selected by you to guard from Coldwater southward as far as it will hold.

I have ordered up a regiment from Bolivar for Coldwater, which will be added to the brigade sent back here; so that the smallest brigade from the division selected will be sufficient to send back here, and Tuesday early enough to send it back.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Holly Springs, Miss., Saturday, November 29, 1862.11.30 a. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Your note to Lee I have just received. Your calendar is just one day ahead of time, but by staying where you are to-day it just brings you up to time.

Two divisions of Hamilton's column will encamp to-night at Lump-

