
kin's Mill; the third on Spring Creek, and not move from there until his front is reconnoitered. The head of his column is now there. There was a little skirmishing with rebel cavalry at this place and some at Lumpkin's Mill. Reconnoiter your front as you propose to-day, and move to-morrow to a good position near Chulahoma. To-morrow telegraphic communication I hope will be open with the rear. The railroad will also be open to Coldwater. I have directed that the cars come up that far on Monday with 200,000 rations. From that point they will have to be teamed. There are also 800,000 rations at La Grange, from which place they can be brought in case of accident. Two train-loads of grain are also directed to be brought up on Monday and Tuesday, or the earliest day thereafter practicable. You can make your calculations for rations and forage accordingly. It is not desirable that this forage should be used until it becomes necessary.

Your letter and Steele's were duly received. Steele's is quite encouraging.

I have no reliable information from the enemy. A contraband just in says he left the Tallahatchie on Tuesday, and that they were than cooking rations to retreat. Opposed to this, a spy who was taken last night, and who was pumped by one of Hamilton's scouts who was dressed in secesh uniform and put in prison with him, says that he enemy mean fight.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S.- Bragg's forces were anxiously looked for. The Third Michigan Cavalry will report to you to-morrow or the day following.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS.,

November 29, 1862-8 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: You two dispatches just received. I inclose with this one just received form Hamilton, which will give you the latest news from the front. I have directed Hamilton to move to his south and east, so as to let McPherson, who is now here with one division, in between him and you. Mac's second division will be up by 10 a. m. to-morrow, and could go on to Lumpkin's Mill, but I will retain it until Monday. If you can find water to your southeast, or rather to the southeast of Chulahoma, I would like you to move in that direction. At Chulahoma our front will be too extended. I will direct Hurlbut to send the cavalry of which you speak-sent as you desire. I don not know positively of any ford on the Tallahatchie west of the railroad except at Wyatt. To the east there are several, but I cannot now send you a sketch showing them. The crossings between Coil's Ferry and Wyatt I believe are all ferries. Between Wyatt and the railroad I think there is no ford.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

LIMPKIN'S MILL,

Sundown, November 29, 1862.

GENERAL: Lee has pushed the enemy to within 4 miles of Tallahatchie, and will hold his position for the present. His advance was a

