
continual skirmish. He sends in 1 prisoner and finds 4 dead rebels on the road.

The enemy will fight on the Tallahatchie. Country in front of us stripped of forage.

Please notify me of the completion of telegraph, so that I can call in courier posts. My scout is in from Grenada. About 7,000 troops have come up to Van Dorn in last two weeks. Mouth of Tippah Creek thoroughly fortified.

Enemy has no idea of evacuating as yet. Scout heard nothing of movement of Steele.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., November 29, 1862.

Colonel A. STAGER,

Superintendent Military Telegraph, Washington:

Your insolent dispatch to telegraph operators in this department just received.* My orders must be obeyed and Mr. Van Duzer removed and some one else appointed to fill his place. I send Van Duzer out immediately.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,

Numbers 2. Army in the Field, November 29, 1862.

All citizens whatsoever, except those who are employed in the army, are hereby ordered to leave this command.

It is further ordered that all women, including the wives of officers and men, shall also leave.

The major-general commanding will send a train to Holly Springs, to which place the above persons and all unauthorized hangers-on must accompany it, and hereafter not be found in any camp under any pretext whatsoever. Letters and documents should go to Holly Springs at the same time.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LUMPKIN'S MILL, November 30, 1862-10 a. m.

General GRANT:

I send a little sketch of country in front. Lee camped with his cavalry at Ebenezer Church last night. I have supported him with a battery and four regiments infantry this morning and directed a reconnaissance to the river.

The infantry is under Ditzler. They will avoid any engagement except with Jackson's cavalry, and will make full report of country on main road.

I shall send out a strong reconnaissance under Quinby, taking a road from near Waterford to the southeast toward month of Tippah Creek.

---------------

*See Grant to Kelton, December 3, p. 377.

---------------

