
HOLLY SPINGS, MISS., November 30, 1862.

Colonel A. STAGER,

Superintendent Military Telegraph, Washington:

I have arrested Van Duzer. Will send charges by mail.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., November 30, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: At as early a day as practicable I want to have made a cavalry reconnaissance to the enemy's right, taking with them three days' rations. Tuesday will probably be the day for starting this expedition, and all the cavalry except escort companies and just sufficient for cavalry picket duty will be required. I will try to see you to-morrow, and when relative positions are fixed between the different wings, will establish telegraph offices to each. If you are likely to have any important information within a few hours you can retain the messenger that takes this to bring it back. No news from Hamilton this morning.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, November 30, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

How many contrabands can you furnish for work on fortifications at Corinth? Answer at once.

By order of General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 1, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Holly Springs, Miss.:

Report to this Department by telegraph the charges upon which Van Duzer is arrested.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Springfield, Ill., December 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

When I entered upon the work of forwarding troops from Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa, preparatory to the Mississippi River expedition, in pursuance of your orders of the 21st ultimo, there were in Indiana twenty regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and five companies of artillery; in Illinois there were twenty regiments of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, and five companies of artillery, and in Iowa nineteen regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one company of artillery. In the mean time I have forwarded from Indiana twelve regiments of infantry; from Illinois sixteen regiments of in-

