
fantry and two companies of artillery, and from Iowa twelve regiments of infantry. Leaving yet to be forwarded from Indiana eight regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and five companies of artillery; from Illinois four regiments of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, and three companies of artillery, and from Iowa seven regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one company of artillery.

A member of my staff, just returned from the capital of Indiana, informs me that all proper arrangements are made for the earliest dispatch of the troops remaining in that State into the field. Another member of my staff, just returned from Iowa, reports the same in regard to the troops remaining in that State, and most all remaining in Illinois have gone or are going forward.

I think a mustering, pay, and ordnance officer for each of these States would amply suffice to close up the unfinished business in each of them. The rest of the officers detailed for those duties might be remanded to their commands.

Under these circumstances I trust it will meet with your views to order me forward to Memphis, or such other rendezvous as you may think preferable, in order that I may enter upon the more advanced work of organizing, drilling, and disciplining my command, preparatory to an early and successful movement, having for its object the important end of liberating the navigation of the Mississippi River.

Having worked early, assiduously, and zealously in this great enterprise, having it at heart, and the Givernors and people of the Northwest having pronounced favorable upon it and, so far as I can hear, upon me as the executor of it, I trust that the honorable Secretary of War will continue to encourage me by his sympathy and support.

I would further add, by way of explanation, that the Eighty-seventh Illinois Regiment is retained at Shawneetown to guard that frontier. The One hundred and thirty-first Illinois had marching orders several days ago. The One hundred and eighteenth and One hundred and twenty-eighth Illinois will be started by the middle of this week, as will also two of the Illinois batteries. There is little prospect of filling up the cavalry regiments at present, except by consolidation, which I have recommended. From Indiana the Sixteenth, Fiftieth, Sixty-ninth, One hundred and first, and Sixty-seventh Regiments Infantry have gone forward, and the following will go one a day, beginning to-day, in the following order: Sixtieth, Sixty-eighth, Sixty-sixth, and Eighty-ninth, so that on Thursday next there will be left in this State only one regiment of infantry, one company of artillery, and three regiments of cavalry, raising; in Indiana eight regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and five companies of artillery, and in Iowa seven regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and one of artillery.

I await your orders in the premises.

Your obedient servant.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General and Superintendent Mustering Service.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 1, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

Keep me informed of appearances around you. Should you be advanced upon by any considerable force I will re-enforce you.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

