HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,December 1, 1862.

Colonel LEE:

Yours received. I will send forward a brigade this p. m., and hold two more brigades in readiness to move. It look like evacuation in earnest, and in that case I want to follow up as rapidly as possible. The brigade sent forward to-day will be ready to cross the river in the morning, if rebels shall have gone.

I will try and have the reconnaissance to the southeast put off, for i want you with whole force to pursue on the other side, where they shall have gone.

Yours,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,December 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General McARTHUR:

Send Deitzler's brigade to the front with three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition per man as soon as possible. He will take a good battery of rifled guns. Enemy have evacuated this side and my cavalry is in possession of this bank of the river. I think they are evacuating, and if that shall prove true to-morrow morning then Deitzler will extemporize a bridge and be prepared to cross.

Hold the rest of your division in readiness to move at daylight. Deitzler will be careful not to expose his men to artillery fire from the other side.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUDSONVILLE, December 1, 1862.

T. H. HARRIS:

An Indiana regiment of about 350 men are on guard from Davis' Mill to Coldwater, 17 miles. This is the only force on the line excepting the Engineer Regiment, a portion of which are not here at all. Those here will to-morrow be working from Coldwater south; their commanding officer, of Indiana regiment, is at Lamar. A dispatch for him sent to Junction to-night can be forwarded to him by train in the morning. There is no post at Coldwater, but is at Hudsonville, where we now unload stores. Guard there is but 25 men. A number of important bridges to guard between Lamar and Coldwater. An attack was this eve made on the guard here, but repulsed. We hear of a cavalry force east of us to-night about 10 miles. Guard should be increased if possible. Please answer.

GEO. G. PRIDE,

Chief Engineer.

GRAND JUNCTION, [December] 1, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

Effective force of infantry at Grand Junction, 231 officers and men. No cavalry and no artillery.

T. E. MORRIS,

Major Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, Commanding Post.

