
in the country in which it is supposed the column will operate during the rainy season. Without it the frequent construction of roads and bridges over low and marshy grounds much necessarily cause much delay and disappointment.

The pack animals, properly equipped, can carry a burden of 200, even 300, pounds 20 miles a day. The equipments should consist of packsaddles, with straps or ropes for fastening the pack, and nose-bags-at least sixty to each regiment.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General and Superintendent Mustering Service.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 2, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Telegraph in round numbers the forces which can be detached from your department by the 15th instant, including Blair's brigade, for an expedition on the Mississippi River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ABBEVILLE, MISS., December 2, 1862.

Colonel T. LYLE DICKEY,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

In your pursuit to-morrow be cautions not be led into ambush. Push them, however, as far as possible. When you discontinue the pursuit, if practicable, push off to the east and come back by some route off from the railroad, living upon the enemy, and examine their resources, especially as to forage.

Grierson I presume has not been able to cross the river to-day, and will not be able to join in the pursuit. I have instructed Sherman, however, to send out to the southwest from Wyatt.

I will send infantry and artillery to Oxford to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Abbeville, Miss., December 2, 1862.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Center:

If Brigadier-General Logan's division has two days' rations send it forward to Oxford early to-morrow morning.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, [December] 2, 1862.

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson:

A guerrilla force of about 200 were near Moscow yesterday afternoon. A small force entered Moscow and captured 6 convalescent sick of the

