HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DISTRICT. OF WEST TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., June 26, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Moscow, Tenn.:

DEAR GENERAL: I shall not send for you unless under pressure. I think I can hold this place six hours against any force they can bring. If you hear my artillery you can start. My opinion is they are fortifying at Coldwater Creek. They have seized all the negroes they can catch. I send you Ricker's last report. My cavalry are behaving well.

Unless flanked on the right they cannot hurt me much, and you must feel out that way. Rosecrans is on his way down through Ripley to flank them with a heavy force of cavalry. I expect to hear from him to-night. McClernand will send me troops by 3 p. m. to hold Grand Junction. I shall then concentrate here. My teams are in town and my infantry and artillery posted to command the southern inlets to this place. I think they are well posted and I know they will fight an fight well.

It is evident to me that this nest of thieves must be broken up, and Halleck so understands it from his movements. It will take us about ten days to get at them, as near as I can judge, but they must be cleared out or the road will not be possible to use. I am afraid this cursed move will spoil my chance for going home, which I grievously want to do. Ricker is just in. Nothing of moment in the front. I have relieved him with the other half of my cavalry. I shall keep a very careful watch, but do not now fear an attack. I dreaded a movement last night on Moscow, but it is over.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General.

Negroes report that the burst bridge over the Tallahatchie will be done to-night or to-morrow.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, June 26, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

As soon as General Quinby's forces arrive at Jackson your entire division, except one regiment at Bethel and Bolivar, will move on Grand Junction or La Grange.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, June 26, 1862.

Brigadier General J. A. LOGAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The troops to be sent by you on the cars this morning will go to Grand Junction and report for orders through their commanding officer to General Hurlbut for the purpose of supporting him in his present position at or near Grand Junction and Moscow, it now being intended that they shall be moved to any distant point without further orders from these headquarters.

By order of Major-General McClernand:

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

