
are instructed that they are to treat the sick in their regiments, and none must be sent away merely to get rid of them. Any want of attention or dereliction of duty, if reported to these headquarters, will be promptly noticed, and officers so reported will be recommended for dismissal from the service. The success of our arms depending so largely upon the healthy condition of the troops it is expected that medical officers will use every effort to secure and maintain the highest possible state of health and efficiency in their respective commands.

Strict conformity to these instructions is enjoined upon all parties concerned.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

December 4, 1862-7.05 p. m.

OFFICER Commanding AT GRAND JUNCTION, MISS. [TENN.]:

You will immediately take the parole of J. C. Van Duzer, superintendent of telegraphs, and release him if he is in confinement and report to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 4, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I regret very much that you have moved General Steele into Mississippi without authority. It seriously interferes with operations ordered by the President. You will concentrate at Helena as early as possible all the available forces in you department, and telegraph me the numbers sent to that point and the time of sending them. There must be no further evasion of the orders for this concentration.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., December 4, 1862-10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

You suggested a move on Grenada by telegraph November 4 [3?]. On the 6th I telegraphed you, "Shall I destroy railroad at Grenada if I can?" I directed organization of an expedition on the 7th to wait further orders.* On the 8th your ordered me to put General Steele in command of forces at Helena,+ which I have done. On December 2 General Steele informs me he has moved on Grenada, according to my plan, at the instance of General Grant, and I telegraphed this fact immediately to you. Why reproach me with evasions? I will send copy of General Steele's explanation. I planned the movements; others have started it, and it was gone four days before I knew it.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Curtis to Hovey, November 7, p. 323.

+See Series I, Vol. XIII, p. 782.

---------------

