HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Oxford, Miss., December 4, 1862.

Colonel T. LYLE DICKEY,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Tilghman was left in command of troops at Rocky Ford and must now be working his way south some distance east of the railroad. He will be easily confused and routed. Look out for him, and if a chance occurs attack him with your full force. In striking eastward much will necessarily depend on the information you may be able to gather and your own discretion. If you learn, however, as I think is the fact, Columbus is only defended by conscripts it would be a great strike to get in there and destroy the enemy's armories, machine shops, &amp;c.

Headquarters will be at Oxford at present, and this the point for you to return to.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 4, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON, Abbeville, Miss.:

As soon as practicable let McArthur's division move up here and one brigade of Quinby's move up to Abbeville. Ross and the remainder of Quinby's division had better remain where they are until the railroad is completed.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,

Numbers 9. Wyatt, December 4, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The Second Division, General Morgan L. Smith, will march to-morrow on the right-hand Oxford road to a good camp on the other side of the Hurricane Creek, near Bowles' Mill.

III. The First Division, General Denver, will following, taking the left-hand road and proceeding to College Hill, and there select a good camp.

IV. General Denver's regimental train will then follow him.

V. General Morgan L. Smith's regimental train will then follow to his camp.

VI. General Lauman's division will remain at Wyatt till the day after to-morrow and then move to a camp on the left-hand Oxford road beyond and near Hurricane Creek, leaving one regiment at Wyatt to guard the division trains and the bridge.

VII. Maps will be furnished each division commander, and as the roads are very bad every soldier must carry his knapsack and as much provision as possible.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 5, 1862.

Colonel A. STAGER:

By order of General Grant we have extended line to this place. Work

24 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

