
HUMBOLDT, TENN., December 5, 1862.

General SULLIVAN, Jackson:

I would again respectfully call your attention to the fact that these pretended deserters from the rebel army are coming here very thick. Two here in office of provost-marshal now. They think the oath is not binding on them when they are where the rebels have the power, and if the rebels should again have it here they would not be found. there is another class who have been with Dawson and have been taken. The prefer to have been paroled and exchanged, yet for the purpose of getting home they taken the oath, expressing the same belief as to its obligations as above stated. It does look like they were attempting to get a band of guerrillas within our lines. These men profess no sort of friendship for the Government whatever. I would suggest that they should be sent North as prisoners, to be exchanged, and only let those take the oath who shaw unmistakable evidence of determination to become loyal citizens. I make the suggestion because it begins to look alarming to turn so many of these loose among us. I make the statement and suggestion because we are here where we see the facts and you ought to be informed of them. Please answer by covering the case suggested.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN I. RINAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Oxford, Miss., December 6, 1862.

Colonel T. LYLE DICKEY,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Rest your horses and men where you are, and when sufficiently recruited strike to the east and destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as much as possible. As started by me in a previous dispatch it would be a great strike to reach Columbus and destroy armories and machine-shops there.

The cavalry force you will have with you can subsist on the country through which you pass. The plundering propensity exhibited by some of the cavalry should be suppressed as far as practicable. This can be partially done by making a detail from each regiment and charging them with procuring rations and forage for their regiments and replacing broken-down animals.

There is no depot of supplies here or I would forward some to you. Let me know how soon you can start, and I will relieve you by making an infantry and artillery demonstration in the same direction.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 6, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

The general commanding has communicated with the general commanding Confederate forces on the subject of army surgeons who are captured having the right to retain their horses and other private property, indicating his willingness to let them take with them when released everything that is necessary to enable them to perform their vocations

