HEADQUARTERS RESERVES,Jackson, June 26, 1862.

Colonel SANDERSON,

Commanding Post at Bolivar:

COLONEL: Three regiments will move by rail from this place to Grand Junction and Moscow to-day. Their purpose is to re-enforce General Hurlbut.

You will send all the force with you except a number necessary to guard bridges, &amp;c., under instructions to co-operate in supporting General Hurlbut.

You will be watchful and vigilant in approaching Grand Junction Fall back on Bolivar it if should become necessary for you to retire.

Keep me continually advised of passing events.

Yours, &c.,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 26, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS, Corinth, Miss.:

Your dispatch just received. Have ordered all the cavalry we have south and west of the Mississippi Central and Ohio Railroad to move at once across the country in columns toward Ripley, and, concentrating there, push forward toward Holly Springs.

Sheridan replaces this force the recruiting camp in rear.

Asboth sends a regiment of infantry and a battery to Nolin's, intersection of Hatchie pike and Blackland and Corinth road, to support the cavalry. Should the country south of that be clear they may advance still farther. But I do not hank it advisable to send the infantry very far in that direction until we know where the rebels lay. Our flank, Davis, with six regiments and two batteries, has gone into camp 1 1\2 miles southeast of Jacinto. His camp equipage went out to-day. He has notice to support Asboth if needed.

There can be no serious move on La Grange.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MOSCOW, June 26, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I now have an operator here and communicate more to let you know that fact. My division in here; Hurlbut at La Grange, 10 miles apart, and both about the same distance from Holly Springs. I have full ten days' rations and forage on hand. I should have a good strong regiment of cavalry. All the bridges have been repaired and are guarded, the most important one here a large bridge over Wolf Creek. You have heard of the attack on the train west. The train from the east has never come west of La Grange, though all the road is done. This hot weather nearly kills our men on the march. Some are actually dead of sunstroke and very many prostrated and have to be carried in wagons. I have nothing new or authentic from Holly Springs, and my cavalry is so used up that I cannot push them out more than 7 or 8 miles.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

