
though unseen, are maneuvering for our destruction. To be ready we must act in concert, prepared to move in any direction at a moment's notice, and this would be impossible if men are allowed to roam about the country plundering at will.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., December 7, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND, Springfield, Ill.:

Your letter of the 2nd instant reached be yesterday. Your proposed change of organization and equipment requires careful consideration and consultation with the General-in-Chief and Quartermaster-General before it can be approved, and also information from other heads of bureaus. I will have the questions determined as speedily as possible; but you will take no action on the subject until you receive instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, December 7, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

My cavalry are all on the move to the east, following Roddey. If it should become necessary I could send a sufficient force from there to the river to act in conjunction with you for all purposes; but I do not think any force except cavalry will venture this side of Tennessee north of Pittsburg, and of that I have already little.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Oxford, Miss., December 7, 1862.

Colonel MIZNER,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Major Rowley reports a reasonably good force on the Yockna River, at Springfield. Put a strong picket there; also send two companies to the crossing of the Yockna where Colonel Lee's brigade crossed as we went south. A flag of truce from the enemy will be in shortly, and it must not be allowed to pass the Yockna. Instruct your pickets to stop the flag and send courier to these headquarters.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. LYLE DICKEY,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

OXFORD, MISS., December 7, 1862.

Colonel MIZNER,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

You will hold the crossing of the Yockna and rest and recruit men and horses for another expedition. Forage and subsist upon the country around you to the north and west as far as practicable. Prohibit all straggling from their proper camps by either company officers or

