
It is desirable that the cavalry should be recruited as much as possible until about the 18th instant, after which it is expected of them to make an active campaign, instructions for which will be sent in due time. Supplies of provisions and forage will be obtained from chiefs of subsistence and quartermaster's departments in Saint Louis. As far as practicable, however, we should live off of the enemy. For this purpose you will appoint, if you have not already got, a quartermaster and commissary. All property taken should pass through their hands and be accounted for and go to the benefit of the Government. Receipts must be given for all property taken where proprietors are at home, and in no case should wanton destruction of property be tolerated.

No licensed trading will be tolerated for the present, and all passing of citizens to and from should be prohibited. Where foraging parties are sent out they should always be under the direction of an efficient commissioned officer, who will be held responsible for the good conduct of the men.

No straggling should be allowed from camp nor parties while out. All information of the movements of the enemy will be sent here via river to Columbus and by telegraph from there. When it is of sufficient importance a cavalry force may be sent here direct.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S.- The cavalry, with the exception of one squadron to be left at Friar's Point, may be sent to Polkville, at the mouth of Coldwater, keeping on the west bank for security. All the ferries from Panola as far south as practicable should be collected and taken to Polkville without delay.

TRENTON, December 8, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

I received a dispatch from Colonel Hawkins, Second Tennessee Cavalry, who is scouting with 150 men, the country near Huntington and Lexington, saying that no rebels in that neighborhood had been seen or heard of up to this morning 7 o'clock.

JACOB FRY,

Colonel, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 8, 1862.

Colonel STAGER:

See following message and advise me that to do in the case:

SAINT LOUIS, MO., [December] 7, 1862.

SAMUEL BRUCH:

I was sent out of department under guard, and General Tuttle informed me that he is ordered to arrest and confine me if I return. I do not understand that General Grant intends to give me any chance to show by an investigation that I am right. I desire to return to the department in preference to any other position in the service, but to do it must have safe-conduct of War Department or General Grant will shoot me.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

If General Grant has charges against Van D. he should make them at once, so Van could either be removed or reinstated.

SAM. BRUCH.

