HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General GORMAN, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am required to have most of the troops now at Helena ready for a down-river expedition. I am anxious to have Hovey's command back on the river bank, so there may be no delay. Do all you can to facilitate any orders I amy receive from General Halleck in this regard. I am sorry to have to leave you with only force enough to hold Eastern Arkansas, but I have urged the necessity of an early return or the accommodation of the matter by the immediate supply of new forces.

Blunt and Herron have fought a battle and won a victory at Fayetteville over Hindman.

Truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General STEELE, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your dispatches relating to the Grenada movement have been duly received and promptly reported to headquarters at Washington. I hope it will continue to prove a success. As General Halleck complains of it as a diversion of troops that may be needed for down river, I explained that it would be back on the river in time for you to move with other forces, which I hope you will have ready to move at a moment's notice. I want all except about 5,000 or thereabouts ready for a down-river expedition. How they are to move and who is to be commander-in-chief has not transpired, but I expect you and General Blair will be of the number.

Respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Oxford, Miss., December 9, 1862.

Colonel T. LYLE DICKEY,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

In making the detour east, concerning which you have received instructions from the general commanding, select such of your cavalry as you may deem most suitable for the expedition, leaving about half your cavalry force where they now are, for within the next forty-eight hours a strong infantry and artillery force will be moved from here to the place where you are now encamped, and it is the intention to push southward with cavalry in front.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

