
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,

Numbers 3. College Hill, December 9, 1862.

I. The battalion of regulars and a section of 20-pounder Parrott guns, commanded by Lieutenant Hart, are hereby attached to the Second Division, General M. L. Smith, and will proceed forthwith to join that division at its camp.

II. The Second Division, General M. L. Smith, will take up its line of march toward Memphis, crossing the Tallahatchie at Wyatt to-day and await the arrival of the commanding general. General Smith will turn over to General Lauman any surplus ammunition or stores, with their wagons.

III. The First and Third Division, Generals Denver and Lauman, will make their consolidated reports, each separate, to General Grant's headquarters, and the commander of each division will report by letter for orders to Colonel J. A. Rawlins, assistant adjutant-general, Oxford, Miss.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY IN FIELD,

Numbers 5. College Hill, December 9, 1862.

General Sherman in taking leave of officers and men of the First and Third Divisions of his command expresses his earnest regret that the necessities of war cause the temporary separation. We have now been together since the eventful expedition up the Tennessee River, and have slowly but surely and steadily advanced into the enemy's country till we have broken one of their last barriers to our progress. The general thanks officers and men for their courage and patriotism, and feels assured that we will soon meet again under most happy auspices. We are all embarked in the same cause, venerate the same Constitution and Government, and march toward the same destination. Our routes the familiar colors of the regiments from which he is thus temporarily separated. Until the time he bids all a heartfelt good-by. He assures the men and officers that their general studies by night and day the plan which leads to victorious results at the least cost of life the treasure, and they may go on with confidence and courage, assured that every step they take is on the certain road to success and glory.

With wise counsels and unity of action our country must in the end rise from this horrible war purified and ennobled by the struggles and labors of her patriotic soldiery.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 10, 1862-4 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Grant telegraphs for 1,000,000 bushels of coal without designating any particular point for delivery. I think half a million bushels should be sent to Memphis and another half million to Cairo, to be subject to orders on arrival there. From these two points the coal can be distributed as requested.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

