
SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 11, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. We will furnish the transportation you require as rapidly as possible. It cannot be done within the time you mention. Coal is very scarce-must depend principally upon obtaining it from points on the Ohio. I have telegraphed to all points. The river is low. I cannot tell how fast coal can be brought down. Steam-boatmen inform me that with little delay wood can be chopped when coal cannot be supplied. I had, previous to your dispatch, informed the General-in-Chief and the Quartermaster-General that coal must be sent from the Ohio, and am informed that prompt attention will be given.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

OXFORD, MISS., December 11, 1862.

Colonel T. LYLE DICKEY, Springfield, Miss.:

Lieutenant Wilson has gone to the front. You need not start east until Saturday. Strike the road as far south as possible and travel north along it, doing all the damage possible. I will instruct Dodge to move out a brigade from Corinth. Send your sick back here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 11, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

Cavalry will leave Springfield on Saturday to strike Mobile road. Send out a force from Corinth to co-operate, allowing them to go as far south as Tupelo if practicable. Keep a sharp lookout for Bragg's forces. Should he approach Corinth I will re-enforce you sufficiently. You have a much more important command than that of a division in the field.

It would probably be well send toward Iuka at the same time you send south.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BETHEL, TENN., [December] 11, [1862].

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received, concerning which I learn to-day from the Tennessee River as follows: That rebel forces are making headquarters on Indian Creek, 20 miles east of Savannah-Biffle's and Cox's men. My scouts do not report re-enforcements, but say Forrest's forces are in and about Columbia. Roddey's men are said to have crossed the Alabama; not sure of it. I expect to get word from Biffle's camp to-night. I have scouts extending from Hamburg to Clifton, on the Tennessee. They are citizen scouts, but are reliable and active. I have furnished them arms. They are away from home and need subsistence. May I issue to them?

I. N. HAYNIE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

