
ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 37. Chewalla, June 10, 1862.

I. General Morgan L. Smith will mover his entire command early tomorrow morning on the State Line road to Pocahontas and beyond, so as to have a strong working party employed repairing the bridge across Muddy.

II. Colonel McDowell will march his whole brigade about 2 p. m. tomorrow to Pocahontas and then bivouac. He will follow the State Line road.

III. Colonel Dickey, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, will cross the Tuscumbia at Captain Young's, make a circuit to the south and west an reach Pocahontas by night. His trains will follow McDowell's brigade and train.

IV. Commanders of brigades and detachments will hereafter see that in making their encampments they leave the roads entirely clear. Wagons must be parked in the woods and fields, and horses and mules placed so as not to interfere with any trains or column on the march.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, June 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General QUINBY, Columbus, Ky.:

Island Numbers 10, and all other works on the river except New Madrid and Columbus,will require only guards to take care of public property. Have the telegraph line repaired to Humboldt as rapidly as possible. The workman repairing it, guarded by a good cavalry force, can with had-cars push forward without waiting for the repair of the bridges. I hope to reach Humboldt with supplies within the next two days. Push forward your cavalry force rapidly; they may be able to save some unburned bridges.

H. W. HALLECK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 54. In Field near Corinth, Miss., June 11, 1862.

Colonel T. L. Dickey, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of a cavalry brigade,* which brigade will be composed of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Fifth Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, one squadron Second Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, one squadron Thielemann's Independent Cavalry, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Curtis' Horse, First Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers, stewart's Independent Cavalry Volunteers, Carmichael's Independent Cavalry Volunteers, O'Harnett's Independent Cavalry Volunteers, and Dollins' Independent Cavalry Volunteers, being the entire cavalry force of the army corps of the Tennessee and District of West Tennessee, except the First Ohio Cavalry, belonging to Major-General Thomas' division. He will immediately assign one company of cavalry to each of the division commanders as an escort. Company A, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, will remain on detached service at these headquarters. All reports and returns required by existing order, and requisitions for supplies will be made through him.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Revoked June 20.

---------------

