
MOSCOW, June 26, 1862.

General HALLECK:

On receiving your dispatch to re-enforce Hurlbut I moved my division to Moscow, where I can move promptly to the Junction or forward to Holly Springs. I left a regiment and section of artillery at La fayette to protect two bridges and the property there. I sent forward to Germantown the Indiana Railroad Regiment to accompany the Ohio Fifty-fourth, [Fifty-sixth?], which had come over from Memphis to assist in repairing the road. I sent a messenger to memphis this morning with a letter to General Grant telling him that there was now a force at Holly Springs and that force must be driven away before we can expect to use the railroad here. The train out from Memphis yesterday was thrown from the aback by displacing three rails an the soldiers on the train attacked by a force; the strength could not be ascertained by those who reached camp. Judging from your own accounts of the distribution of the enemy's force, will it be safe in marching on Holly Springs; attacking, should McClernand and Grant co-operate?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[JUNE 26, 1862.-General Pope assigned to command of Army of Virginia. See Series I, Vol. XII, Part III, p. 435.]

MOSCOW, June 26, 1862.

General McCLERNAND:

The telegraph office is removed from La Grange to Moscow, where I am with my division. The railroad bridges are all done to Memphis. If General Halleck ordered re-enforcements from you for Hurlbut's he wants them at La Grange. I have no reliable new from Holly Springs, except that there are more than 5,000 on the enemy there and more expected.

The regiments should disembark at La Grange and not the Junction, on account of water.

When will the road to Columbus be done?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

No charge has been made in the order respecting gunboats, that I am aware of, since I came into this Department. An act of Congress has transferred them to the Navy Department. No report was ever made to this Department by the commander of the gunboats. When mr. Ellet had his steam-rams ready he wanted to act under your orders, or the orders of this Department, and I requested the President's permission so to direct; but the thought they should be under the command of the officer commanding the gunboats, and instructions were given accordingly. I have always thought you should have command of the gunboats, and will endeavor to procure an order to that effect.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

