
find here for service two divisions (A. J. Smirth's and Morgan's), 7,000 each making, say, 20,000 men. I want 10,000 at least from Helena, ready to embark for Vicksburg on the 18th instant. I wish that General Steele, if possible, go in command of these forces, organized into say three strong brigades, with a reasonable proportion of field artillery, cavalry only enough for scouts, pickets, and to keep up communications; transportation say three or four six-mule teams per regiment; camp equipage full, and at least twenty-days' rations. There may be some irregularity in the manner of receiving these orders, but the importance of dispatch will suggest itself to your mind. The enemy was in full retreat before Grant, and it is all-important that we be ready by the 18th. The quartermaster was ordered to have transportation for 30,000 men here by the 18th. I will dispatch to Helena the due proportion for say 10,000. General Grant further requested the 2,000 cavalry to be posted on the Tallahatchie, near where General Hovey crossed, say near Polkville, west side, and one regiment of infantry and one section of artillery to be stationed at Delta or Friar's Point, as the most eligible point on the east side; but if Colonel Gierson got through to Helena you will be in free possession of all these points.

I send one of my aides down to bring me back a full answer on these points, and I trust you have already written to General Grant.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 12, 1862.

Colonel T. LYLE Dickey, Water Valley;

Start on your eastward expedition early to-morrow morning. Lieutenant Charles Dickey left here this morning to join you. Lieutenants Wilson and Goodell started for the front yesterday.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 12, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

Monday morning will be early enough for your troops to strike Saltillo.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH,Corinth, Miss., December 12, 1862.

Colonel August MERSY,

Commanding Second Brigade:

You will prepare to move two regiments (1,000 strong), in light marching order, blankets and overcoats, with five days' rations, at daylight to-morrow morning; 100 rounds of cartridges will be taken. The infantry will move in wagons. All the wagons of the Second brigade will be taken and the balance from the Third Brigade. The

