HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., December 13, 1862.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Oxford:

COLONEL: I wrote at length last night and sent to Columbus by Captain Fitch to be telegraphed through to-day.

I have the report the arrival of Morgan L. Smith's division in the city, so that my Memphis forces, of Third Division, are now on hand. My aide has gone to Helena to see about that force, and will be back to-morrow. General Washburn is up from Helena. He commanded the cavalry force which accompanied Hovey. They made a floating bridge at month of Coldwater. Infantry force of 5,000 advanced to the Yockna whence the cavalry force of 2,000 proceeded to Oakland, Preston, and within 5 miles of Grenada, where he became satisfied he could not surprise the place, and his horses very fatigued by a ride of 55 miles in one night, he caused the road to be broken about 5 miles from Grenada and wires cut. He is satisfied now that he could have gone into Grenada, but General Hovey and he apprehended the enemy would move from Abbeville toward Panola and Coldwater and cut off their retreat.

Evidently the road was very slightly damaged. General Washburn broke a small bridge on the Memphis and Grenada road about 10 miles north of Grenada, with which exception he thinks the whole from Coldwater to Grenada id in good order. He wants to make a strike at Yazoo City from some point of the river coincident with a movement south. He also says that they have full 25,000 men at Helena, and could spare 15,000 easy, but there is some doubt about Gorman's permitting any to go unless Curtis orders it.

Being no longer in your department, and only 5,000 infantry having been there, there is a doubt whether Halleck's order embraces them. To make sure, get Halleck to order a specific number of men, say 12,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and some three batteries, to be transferred to you.

I will have all things ready by the 18th, and except, as a matter of course, the transportation.

I have ordered the quartermaster here to old on to ten steamboats for our use.

I am. &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, December 13, 1862 - Midnight.

General WILLIS A. GORMAN,

Commanding District of East Arkansas, Helena:

DEAR SIR: Yours of December 12* was haded me to-night, and I thank you for the spirit in which you have net the proposed movement. General Washburn was here to-day, and explains that only 5,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry had composed the expedition to Grenada and that all had returned to helena. Anticipating the very conclusion to which you arrive I immediately sent to Columbus, Ky., by boat, a letter for General Curtis, to be telegraphed to him, to make telegraphic answer

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

