
Two batteries of artillery will also be sent with you and 500 or more cavalry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. GORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, December 14, 1862.

Colonel RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The reported crossing of the Tennessee River by a large guerrilla force seems to be false. The country south of Hatchie is not in my command, but I propose to visit it with all my cavalry and three regiments of infantry during this week. I will have at La Grange and Grand Junction, as soon as I can procure arms and equipments, about 500 cavalry.

An advance made by Hurbult toward the Hatchie and my troops marching on the south side toward Somerville will clear all the guerrillas from the haunts in that direction.

Commanders of posts and regiments are unable to make their monthly their monthly returns for November for want of blanks. I am without any for my own headquarters. Can you supply?

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 15, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND, Springfield:

I had supposed that you had received your orders from the General-in-Chief. I will see him and have the matter attended to without delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CAIRO, ILL., December 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: We did not get General Grant's orders, or have any intimation from any source when any river movement would be made or whether we should be called on for any boats, until noon of the 11th instant. Of course to get up sixty transport, most of which were abroad on trips, have them supplied with crews, stores (especially with coal), and go 450 miles, with extremely low water, in three and a half days was impossible. We have, however, done all that could be done. I have sent forward twenty large transports, and think I shall have twenty to thirty more on the way by Wednesday morning, and hope to be in Memphis Thursday night, Friday at farthest, with sixty boats and fuel enough to make the trip. I have taken on the boats all the coal we could get at Saint Louis and this place, and ordered the boats not to use any of it until they get to Memphis, but rely upon such wood as they can purchase or cut, and bring to Memphis at least fifty cords of wood by Thursday night. We hope to get 30,000 to 40,000 bushels of coal to-morrow; but this fuelmatter has given me much anxiety. At the present moment things look more favorable in all respects than I expected when we got General Grant's order. I leave for Memphis

