
to-morrow night, to get there on Thursday and take charge of the transports myself. I need not assure you that no efforts on my part shall be spared to render the expedition a success and carry out your plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

OXFORD, MISS., December 15, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Memphis, Tenn.:

(Care of Captain Fitch, Columbus, Ky.)

If there is any difficulty about getting possession of the forces at Helena that were thrown to the east bank of the river, assume command of them, by General Halleck's order, and organize them and take them off. I hope Steele will be able to go with them.

It is to be hoped that you will have no trouble in getting possession of these troops; but be prepared to act positively if necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[DECEMBER 15, 1862.- For Gorman to Curtis, in reference, among other things, to force from Helena, Ark., to co-operate in the Vicksburg expedition, see Series I, Vol. XXII.]

CORINTH, December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding, Jackson:

No forces crossing the Tennessee from Savannah to Tuscumbia, except a force at latter palace, is reported. We whipped out the force at Tuscumbia Thursday, and they may be getting a better re-enforcement.

Biffle's cavalry and a small part of Forrest's were at Waynesborough a few days ago; they may be crossing, but do not think Bragg has moved, I shall have cavalry at Savannah to-night. If you could push them to Clinton, on the Tennessee, we could ascertain. The Tennessee has raised 2 feet. Report if you get any track of them.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

TRENTON, TENN., December 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

I sent yesterday a scouting party of 20 men toward Lexington, and shall send forthwith a company of 50 men of Second Tennessee cavalry - men who were raised in the country and are excellent scouts - the same way.

As soon as I receive news will communicate it to you. A detachment of 300 of Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Taylor with them, passed here to-day and will probably reach Jackson to-morrow.

JACOB FRY,

Colonel, Commanding.

