
Warren have been paroled. I invariably parole prisoners in a very few days after capture, and had hoped that a like humane practice would prevail with the United States Army. I now propose the exchange of Captain Shepardson for captain Marshall and private for private, according to lists and paroles herewith inclosed. Adjt. J. L. B. Barksdale, of Lieutenant-colonel Dawson's battalion, and A. W. Mantague are bearers of flag of truce and this dispatch, to make exchange, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Partisan Rangers in West Tennessee.

[Sub-inclosure E.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LA GRANGE,La Grange, Tenn., December 10, 1862.

Colonel R. V. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Partisan Rangers:

COLONEL: None of the prisoners referred to are in my possession, nor are they, so far as I know, in the department. My instructions are to send all Confederate prisoners to Cairo, Ill., from whence they will be sent to Vicksburg, Miss., for the purpose of exchange.

I am, respectfully, yours, &c.,

A. S. NORTON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH A. C.,

Numbers 19. Memphis, December 16, 1862.

The following directions are issued for the government of all parties concerned:

1st. Ambulances.- All ambulances will be immediately examined by the regiment and division quartermasters respectively, to the end that all may be put in complete repair. One ambulance will be reattained by each regiment, and all the surplus, comprising all now on hand at this post, will be equitably divided among the three divisions comprising this command, to be formed into division trains in the charge of the division quartermaster, and under the orders of the division surgeons. They will be so arranged in embarkation and transportation as to be with and under the control of the division to which they belong.

2d. Hospital tents.- Each regiment will have one hospital tent; all other hospital tents in the command, for whatever other purpose used, will be turned in to the division quartermaster. If there are so many surplus tents as to afford it, each division quartermaster will take six, to be used as field hospital for his division, as necessity may arise. If there is not a sufficient number, whatever surplus there may be will be equally distributed.

3d. Sick men who must be left will be examined by a board of three medical officers in each division, who will pronounce upon their condition, and none will be left for the convalescent or general hospital without their descriptive lists. Company commanders will on no account neglect this plain duty. None will be left behind whose names are not on the record of the board of examiners, as it will not be permitted that this command shall melt away without cause and without the knowledge of the commanding general as to the whereabouts of the men. Lists signed by the president and members of the board will be forwarded to the

