
south of our lines as far as our guards can prevent it. There is a board of trade established to regulate what goods are authorized to be received and who authorized to sell. I think it will be necessary to also to established some sort of court to settle private claims.

When a direct channel for mails is opened I will submit to you a copy of all orders published for the government of the city.

I would again urge the importance of having here one division of the Army of the Tennessee ordered from Corinth.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

POPE'S HEADQUARTERS, June 27, 1862.

General HALLECK:

A picket of our cavalry on the east of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad was surprised, and a Lieutenant Wise, sergeant and two corporals, and 4 men all missing. The rebel force said to be 100 of Forrest's cavalry, with 500 men held in reserve; force said to have gone to Marietta. Darkies from southwest report rebels are going to attack Rienzi.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

MOSCOW, June 27, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The country is full of vague rumors, but our pickets and sentinels discover no traces of an enemy. One rumor says that Rosecrans is fighting to-day at Holly Springs; another, that 1,500 cavalry went to attack my wagon train, but mistook and attacked the railroad train. There is no way of reaching the truth at Holly Springs but going there in force. General McClernand telegraphs he will be at Grand Junction as soon as General Quinby relieves him. I fear Rosecrans may attack Holly Springs without communicating with us. I know not the strength and composition of his force; but Hurlbut and I should attack in front if Rosecrans approaches by the flank. There are innumerable roads all centering at Holly Springs, and even Grant might at same time reach Hernando until we occupy line of Coldwater. This railroad cannot be relied on. All very quiet here, and I have sent to Hurlbut for news.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

The enemy have concentrated in such force at Richmond as to render it absolutely necessary in the opinion of the President for you immediately to detach 25,000 of your force and forward it by the nearest and quickest route by way of Baltimore and Washington to Richmond. It is believed that the quickest route would be by way of Columbus, Ky., and up the Ohio River. But in detaching your force the President directs that it be done in such way as to enable you to hold your ground and not interfere with the movement against Chattanooga and East Tennessee. This condition being observed, the forces to be detached and the route they are to be sent is left to your own judgment. The direction to send these forces immediately is rendered imperative by a

