HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, December 17, 1862.

Major H. Z. Curtis,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Sherman informs me by letter to-day that he will be here to-morrow with 20,000 men, and wants 10,000 from this command. I have informed him that I will have this number ready to embark by the time he gets here. This force is over and above General Blair's brigade, who proposes to rest a few days, as one regiment is afflicted with measles and one or two cases of varioloid, or small-pox in a mild form, and the surgeon thinks it improper to send them into the field for a few days. But they shall all (four regiments) be sent forward once if General Sherman wants them. I shall move the whole command to the mouth of the Arkansas, at Napoleon, if General Sherman desires it, unless I receive orders to the contrary you before ten days. This move is so universally approved that I most respectfully ask your full concurrence. The gunboats will hold this place as easy as they do any other spot on the river above and below. If I leave I will destroy the fortification and take the guns below. The Arkansas River is up, and they can soon move on little Rock, unless the whole of this army is needed to aid General Sherman.

Please reply.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 17, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Grant telegraphs for six locomotives. Shall they be purchased?

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 17, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The body of the Memphis fleet will leave Cairo to-night. Colonel Parsons is along and reports everything right. There will be sixty-two steamers in all.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Oxford, Miss., December 17, 1862.

Honorable C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I have long since believed that in spite of all the vigilance that can be infused into post commanders, the spice regulations of the Treasury Department have been violated, and that mostly by Jews and other unprincipled traders. So well satisfied have I been of this that I instructed the commanding officer at Columbus to refuse all permits to Jews to come South, and I have frequently had them expelled from the

