
department, but they come in with their carpet-sacks in spite of all that can be done to prevent it. The Jews seem to be a privileged class that can travel everywhere. They will land any wood-yard on the river and make their way through the country. If not permitted to buy cotton themselves they will act as agents for some one else, who will be at military post with a Treasury permit to to receive cotton and pay for it in Treasury notes which the Jew will buy up at an agreed rate, paying gold.

There is but one way that I know that I know of to reach this case; that is, for Government to buy all the cotton at a fixed rate and sent it to Cairo, Saint Louis, or some other point to be sold. Then all traders (they are a curse to the army) might be expelled.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, December 17, 1862.

Assistant Secretary FOX, Navy Department:

SIR: It is reported that Bragg's army is moving down the Tennessee River with the probable intention of occupying some point or points on the east bank in order to interrupt navigation. Generals Grant and Rosecrans urge the importance of sending some gunboats up that river as early as possible to prevent the enemy from effecting a lodgment and from crossing to the west side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

December 17, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington:

SIR: In a dispatch, dated the 12th instant by this Department from Acting Rear-Admiral D. D. Porter, commanding the Mississippi Squadron, occurs the following:

Five light-draught steamers have been refitted and sent up the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers and have entirely put a stop to the guerrillas in that direction, and vessels go up and down those steamer without molestation.

Admiral Porter has been instructed to send gunboats up the Tennessee River, in accordance with your request of this morning.

Very respectfully,

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Oxford, Miss., December 17, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing:

You may instruct McArthur to move up with his division, taking position to the east of Yockna Station. By starting to-morrow at 12 m. he will be able to make the march by next day evening.

