
McArthur's division will furnish a guard for the station and stores that will be there to-morrow, and for that purpose, if practicable, two companies should be sent forward the cars.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Oxford, Miss., December 17, 1862.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Right Wing:

I wish you as soon as practicable to make a reconnaissance to the front as far as Otuckalofa Creek with the view of making an advance to that point. I will not move my headquarters until Saturday, and then probably to Spring Dale.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

JACKSON, December 17, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Couriers sent Captain Carter, Tennessee cavalry, report force of several thousand rebel cavalry with battery 7 miles this side of Clifton, near McCorkle's, estimated 10,000. I have had out since yesterday p. m. 600 cavalry with a section, with orders to proceed to Clifton. I have heard nothing from Them.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, December 17, 1862 - 2 a. m.

General SULLIVAN, Jackson:

Bragg was in Murfreesborough yesterday morning. Withers, Cheatham, and Breckinridge there yesterday. Review there by Jeff. Davis Saturday. Hardee at Triune, 12 miles west, on same day. Scounts from Waynesborough two days ago; no troops moving that way then. Davis said Middle Tennessee must, could, and should be held. Forrest's cavalry may and probably will cross and make a raid on you. They have too many cavalry for my little force. I don't think any more will be done.

Jeff. Davis left on Sunday for Mobile.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, December 17, 1862.

General Gorman, Commanding, Helena, Ark.:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 15th December was handed me last night. General Blair went down yesterday and will explain what regiments are to follow him. I think that Generals Halleck and Curtis will see that an adequate force is provided for the expedition to Vicksburg, and also for Helena or Napoleon, whichever may be selected for the movement into Arkansas.

