
I have understood from some quarter that Davidson's forces are moving from the Iron Mountain road toward Little Rock.

Herron and Blunt having defeated Hindman put that army in confusion for some time relieved Southwest Missouri of the presence of a threatening force.

The Admiral is aground at Island 23. The river is very low above and may delay our fleet of transports, none of which are yet in from above. I count upon nine boats at Helena, ten here, and expect sixty from above; of these I have ordered my chief quartermaster (Eddy) to send transport enough to Helena for 12,000 men. If more that that force is to go you can hold on to the boats that bring down Blair's brigade. Nothing is now wanting but transports; my troops here are all ready and impatient.

A boat from above just in reports a rebel force crossing the Tennessee from the east toward the west at Clifton, which is one the Tennessee, 25 miles below and north of Savannah. It may be that Bragg is going to throw his forces in this district to interpose between Grant and Columbus; but Rosecrans ought to be at his heels and Grant easily shift reserve to Memphis, and he ought to gain advantage by any such desperate move. I rather suspect it is designed to draw us back from our purpose of going to Vicksburg. I shall disregard these sings unless orders come from Grant or Halleck.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 11. Holly Springs, December 17, 1862.

The Jews, as a class violating every regulation of trade established by the Treasury Department and also department orders, are hereby expelled from the department within twenty-four hours from the receipt of this order.

Post commanders will see that all of this class of people be furnished passes and required to leave, and any one returning after such notification will be arrested and held in confinement until an opportunity occurs of sending them out as prisoners, unless furnished with permit from headquarters.

No passes will be given these people to visit headquarters for the purpose of making personal application for trade permits.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 18, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Lois, Mo.:

It is the President's wish that the Mississippi expedition be made as effective as possible by re-enforcements from Helena; but it is not intended to weaken your forces there, so as to endanger any necessary operation in Arkansas. If the movement into Arkansas cannot wait for the result of the other it must be made; but it is inexpedient to undertake too much at once, if it can be avoided. Please state how many troops you propose to retain in Arkansas.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

