
serious reverse suffered by General McClellan before Richmond yesterday, the full extent of which is not yet known. You will acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch, stating the day and hour it is received, and inform me what your action will be, so that we may take measures to aid in river and railroad transportation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, June 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram of the 23rd is just received-five days en route.

It is impossible to send forces to Vicksburg at present, but I will give the matter very full attention as soon as circumstances will permit.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 28, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

The effective strength of Wallace's command at present here is 3,800. I have ordered two of the regiments left at Bolivar and one left at Jackson to come here. This will leave at Bolivar one regiment of infantry, two companies of cavalry, and one of artillery.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 28, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

News has just been received from Commodore Farragut. Gunboats have left here to co--operate in the attack on Vicksburg. A land force of 13,000 is said to be up from New Orleans. One, if not two, gunboats will be here in the morning from mouth of White River. I have sent a force from here, and thus opened again the telegraph communication; will endeavor to keep it so. I have written and telegraphed via Columbus, Ky.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

No news from our front, from Jacinto around to Ripley road. Asboth sends statement of man from Rienzi, G. R. Bollard, who left Columbus, confirming the following: Columbus being fortified; used as depot for conscripts; use of slave labor; position of main army between Tupelo and Saltillo; passenger trains come to Tupelo; army, 40,000 many sick, many dispirited; Breckinridge gone to Vicksburg; purchase of teams.

If you think we are secure from a principal attack upon the part of our lines, or, if it comes, may meet its first shock near Rienzi, I will advance another division to some point fit for bivouac beyond Rienzi and threatening an advance on the Ripley, Booneville, and Blackland roads there. Will leave one division in this camp.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

