
GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS, December 18, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

Colonel Lowe is instructed to move from Fort Heiman with 1,000 to 1,200 to get in rear of the enemy. Dodge will also be up with a force.

There are now five light-draught gunboats in Tennessee, so that if you get enemy on retreat and push them I except to hear a good account from Jackson to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Jackson, Tenn., December 18, 1862.

Instruction to Colonel Lawrel, commanding Post of Jackson, Tenn.

Place one section of artillery and 50 men at Mrs. Hays' house, near depot; 100 men in brisk depot; 50 men in Tomlin's house; 50 men in G. N. Harris' house.

The officers in command of these parties will see that their men have 100 rounds of ammunition each on their persons, with an additional 100 rounds in boxes in the houses to be occupied; also four gallons of water to each man, with three days' rations of, at least, coffee and bread. Three crow-bars will be provided for each house.

The negroes in town will at daylight be pressed into the service, and be employed in carrying stores within the inner line. They will also be prepared, under charge of a competent officer, to level the fences from Tomlin's house out. There will be in the court-house at least four gallons of water per man; also water with buckets in cupola of court-house. The windows and doors in front will be removed; the rear blockaded and loop-holed. Officer's wives and loyal ladies in the city will be prepared to leave town at a moment's notice. They will see that these orders are executed.

By order of Brigadier General Jer. C. Sullivan:

A. S. BUCHANAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., December 18, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

One of my men arrived just now. Left Shelbyville Friday; Columbia Saturday; went to tuscumbia; could not get through and returned to Waynesborough; left there yesterday at 2 o'clock.

Forrest, with 2,000 to 2,500 cavalry and five pieces of artillery, left Columbia Saturday, crossed the Tennessee at Clifton, or near there, Tuesday; Napier, with from 2,000 or 3,000 and four pieces of artillery, crossing at Carrollsville Monday to join Forrest. They reported that they were to strike Jackson first and Bethel next, the intention being to stop supplies to our army. No infantry had left Shelbyville west, but there was a movement of all forces taking place north. Some said they were to go west, but this could not be ascertained. No infantry accompanied Forrest to Columbia. The scout that brings this has

