
13th was so long coming I send this reply by my chief of staff, Colonel Chipman, who goes to Helena to aid in organizing forces to accommodate demands. You speak of infantry only. I direct the arrangement of troops to sail as far as I can. Would like to be along. Have been in the advance, and do not think it just right to stand on the bank and present arms to a galley movement. But I am no grumbler. I despise fault-finding, bickering, whining affairs, and stand ready to lead or follow or fall back, just as circumstances seem to require or commanders arrange. I shall co-operate cordially with any one, you especially, having confidence in your zeal and fidelity.

I am detaining a boat to write this.

I am, general, your friend and fellow-soldier,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[DECEMBER 19, 1862.- For Curtis to Gorman, in reference to Sherman's expedition, see Series I, Vol. XXII.]
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Oxford, Miss., December 19, 1862.

Colonel G. G. PRIDE,

Superintendent Military Railroads east from Vicksburg:

COLONEL: You will proceed to Saint Louis and Chicago, if you find it necessary, and procure such material, machinery, tools. teams, and wagons as you think are required for a rapid construction and for running the railroad east from Vicksburg. You will also engage such employes as you may deem proper, and fix the rate of wages for same. All materials and men so procured will be forwarded at once to cairo and be ready to be shipped south at short notice. Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Reynolds, Chief quartermaster of this department, will detail a quartermaster to report to you for this duty, and will himself direct the shipping of the same, and all steamboats and barges necessary for shipment will be moved south under his direction. The chief quartermaster and chief commissary at Saint Louis are requested to furnish such supplies as may be required by you for this expedition.

You will report as frequently as possible to these headquarters.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 9. Memphis, December 19, 1862.

The First, Second, and Third Division of the right wing will em- bark to-morrow, Saturday, December 20, according to previous notice, and in the manner before ordered, and proceed with all dispatch by divisions below Helena and lay to shore on the Mississippi side, the head of the column at Friar's Point and the other divisions well closed up there to await further orders.

The quartermaster, Captain Eddy, will provided the necessary transportation and dispose the boats according to previous orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

