
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 10. Memphis, december 19, 1862.

The following named officers are announced as the staff of Major General W. T. Sherman:

Major J. H. Hammond, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff.

Major Ezra Taylor, chief of artillery.maj. W. D. Snager, acting inspector-general, aide-de-camp.

Major Charles McMillan, medical director.

Captain John T. Taylor, aide-de-camp.

Captain James C. McCoy, aide-de-camp.

Captain Lewis M. Dayton, aide-de-camp.

Captain J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster.

Captain Charles A. Morton, chief commissary of subsistence.

Captain W. L. B. Jenney, Engineer Corps.

Captain O. H. Howard, Signal Corps.

Captain Julius Pitzman, Topographical Engineers.

Lieutenant Killian Frick, Topographical Engineers.

Headquarters for the present are on board the Forest Queen.

by order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 19, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing:

You will detach two brigades from your command, one from Quinby's and one from Ross' division, to proceed to-morrow to Pontotoc, Miss., taking with them five days' rations. They will return to their present camp by the time their rations are out.

Each brigade will take with it one battery of artillery and one caisson to each battery. This will enable them to attach an additional pair of horses to each team. Brigadier-general Ross is assigned to the command of the whole.

colonel Mizner has been directed to send a regiment of cavalry with the expedition.

Arriving at Pontotoc, the officer in command will cause reconnaissance to be made as far to the south and east as practicable, and should any farther advance be necessary to rescue Colonel Dickney or drive back an inferior force of the enemy it will be made.

It is desirable that on this march there should be no straggling from the ranks, and all pillaging should be prevented.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Oxford, Miss., December 19, 1862.

Major General J. B. McPherson,

Commanding Right Wing, &amp;c.:

There will be no farther advance of our forces until further directions.

The enemy under Forrest have crossed the Tennessee below Clifton and are now near to Jackson. Communication it cut off, so that I cannot hear from there.

