
WATER VALLEY, December 19, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Scouts which returned last night bring information that a heavy cavalry force passed from Grenada to Graysport and toward Pontotoc on Tuesday morning, and it was rumored that it was to cut us off. News of colonel Dickney's move had probably reached them.

the scout returning from Banner and Paris was fired on from ambush 9 miles east of here. One man was killed and Lieutenant McEntee and 2 men wounded, the Lieutenant Mortally, I fear. Captain Nugent, of another scout, brought in 9 prisoners and 12 horses. Lieutenant Corbyn and 1 man of his command were wounded. Jeff. Dais was at Grenada Sunday, and General J. E. Johnston is also said to be there.

There is a rumor of a heavy force at Pontotoc, spoken of as a portion of Bragg's army. Do you hear from Colonel Dickney? I am scouting well out and would like to be advised of any information you have, to act and plan accordingly.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

OXFORD, MISS., December 19, 1862.

Colonel MIZNER, Water Valley, Miss.:

I have no information from Colonel Dickey. The forces that went from Corinth to co-operate have returned to their post, having captured quite a number of prisoners.

I will send two brigades to Pontotoc, taking with them five days' rations. I want you to send at least one regiment of cavalry with the expedition, with instructions to reconnoiter as far to the east and south as practicable.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WATER VALLEY, December 19, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

A scout employed by General Logan just in reports a column of four regiments of cavalry moving up the Pontotoc road this a. m. northeast; also that heavy artillery, convalescents, and commissary stores are being put south, and that the force at Grenada is preparing to fall back to Jackson; that the cavalry is sent out to coder this movement. I have scouts out south and southeast, and may have more news soon.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Yocknapatalfa, December 19, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose you copy of letter from Colonel Mizner, Water Valley.

In answer to Colonel Mizner's request I have sent Colonel Leggett's brigade of infantry to Water Valley, and directed Colonel Grierson to

