
report to Mizner with his cavalry. I think the rebel cavalry he sneaks of are after Colonel Dickney, and have suggested that it would be a good plan to assemble all his cavalry and go to Dickney's relief by pushing out after the rebels toward----.

I have ordered another brigade across the Yacknapatalfa to take the place of Leggett's when he moves forward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

WATER VALLEY, December 19, 1862.

Major-General McPHERSON:

GENERAL: I inclose dispatches just received for you.

If you can possibly inform me where our different commands are I would be obliged to you. I have telegraphed to headquarters, but can obtain nothing. I have been there three days and have heard nothing except from the front. I do not know where to look for assistance should I require any.

A heavy column of cavalry left Grenada on Tuesday morning last, going toward Graysport to Pontotoc. A portion of Bragg's command is expected at Pontotoc. A scout in reports a column of four regiments of cavalry moving up from Grenada on Pontotoc road from Coffeeville; that this move is to cover a retreat from Grenada. The heavy artillery, commissary stores, and convalescents, the scout says, are being moved to Jackson and the force at Grenada will fall back to jackson. The column of cavalry coming up may turn toward this place. I have scouts out to watch them.

My cavalry force here is not large, and much of it being on duty as guards, pickets, and scouting I think an infantry support should be sent to this place to make my whole force available.

I have telegraphed all the news I have to General Grant, and will, I think, apply to him for a regiment or two of infantry as a sort of grand guard at this place.

Please let me hear from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

P. S.- Is the Sixth Illinois Cavalry with you, and cannot they be ordered to this point? If they are and have no orders, send them down, as they belong to my brigade.

J. K. M.

WATER VALLEY, December 19, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Having so much of my cavalry force on guard, pickets, and scouting I think it would be well to have some infantry sent here as a sort of grand guard and in order to make the whole cavalry force available should any of the heavy columns of rebel cavalry reported to be in motion make an attack here.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

