HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 28, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

Eight prisoners have arrived from Asboth. Six deserters from Breckinridge's command. Left his forces at Abbeville, on the Mississippi Central Railroad, on the 24th instant. They name only eight regiments, averaging from 200 to 500. One is a spy.

As soon as the commanding general has decided about the move I mentioned this morning I wish to know in time to have rations cooked, if it be requisite.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MOSCOW, June 28, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Your dispatch received. I keep pickets out to Mount Pleasent. Will hold my division to march on Holly Springs on the shortest notice, with light baggage, all my artillery, and good men. Hurlbut and I are about the same distance from Holly Springs, viz, 25 miles. The place to meet and act in concentration is Coldwater, 6 miles this side of Holly Springs; but we should reach at the same time with Rosecrans. Had we not better clean Germantown, a dirty-hole? There is were was planned the cutting the wire and destruction of road. I am told they openly boast the Yankees shall never run a train over the road.

I am preparing a car for a 12-pounder howitzer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Moscow, Tenn., June 28, 1862.

General GRANT, Memphis:

Your letter by Gould received this a. m.; telegraphed its contents to Halleck.

I sent the Railroad Regiment to Germantown, intending it to make a junction, before starting, with the Fifty-sixth Ohio, but the latter did not wait for it. I hope both regiments are at Germantown.

I can hear nothing definite from Holly Springs. No spy can get in and out since Gould went. I don't like to risk him too much; he has already exposed his life some half dozen times. I want to move with our forces on Holly Springs, for as long as an enemy occupieds that point there can be no safety in running cars on this road. I am sending a messenger to La Grange to find out if there be any news of Rosecrans, who is moving on Holly Springs from Corinth via Ripley. I don't know the strength of his forces, but we should act in concert. Halleck's reiterated orders to me are, "Move not a mile west, unless it be absolutely necessary."

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

