
cavalry crossed the Tennessee River at Clifton, and threatened Jackson, Tenn., with a considerable force. Troops were withdraw from Trenton, Kenton, and Union City to Jackson. The rebels made a feint on Jackson yesterday and took trenton. This p. m. there were only 50 men left at Union City, and two companies between here and there. As the rebels are now marching on Kenton it will probably fall by to-morrow. I shall withdraw the small force at Union City and this side to Columbus to-night, not having troops enough here to warrant my sending re-enforcements. I shall hold Columbus. Have you any orders to communicate to General Grant or myself? We have information that Holly Springs, Miss., fell into the hands of the enemy yesterday. No reliable couriers.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 20, 1862.

Colonel C. C. MARSH, Waterford, Miss.:

Two regiments will be at Abbeville in one hour on the cars. If you require them, telegraph to them and they will go up at daylight. Mizner will join you to-night with 2,000 cavalry. I want those fellows caught, if possible, and any support you can give toward it with your infantry and artillery I want you to do it.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WATERFORD, December 20, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Enemy still at Holly Springs. Scout just in from their pickets. They are burning ammunition and stores. I start at daylight for Springs. Think I have all the force I need. Train can come here safely.

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding District.

WATERFORD, December 20, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Colonel Buckland with two regiments close here. I left one of his regiments at the river. If you have one more to spare I can use it to advantage.

Shall be in Holly Springs or be whipped to-morrow morning.

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Oxford, Miss., December 20, 1862 - 9 p. m.

Colonel Hatch,

Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division:

You will at once break all the cavalry camps in the front and send the trains, camp and garrison equipage, and ambulances to this place. You will then take all the effective cavalry force south of the Yocknapatalfa River and make a demonstrations far toward Grenada as you

