
can go without serious resistance and thence return to this place, destroying thoroughly on your return all bridges on railroad and wagon roads and all mills on the line of your march.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABBEVILLE, MISS., December 20, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Colonel Marsh is at Waterford. I could not overtake him, and am encamped near Colonel Buckland, at the Tallahatchie. I learn from the surgeon of Bissell's Engineer Regiment, who left Holly Springs at 11 a. m. to-day, that every man was taken, supplies of all kinds burned; also 3 locomotives and 40 cars. The rebel cavalry number 4,000. Jackson and Armstrong are with Van Dorn.

The doctor was a prisoners. The town was taken a little after daylight. It was a surprise; not above 40 shots were fired. the rebels took citizens, sutlers, and everybody. They are paroling them. They destroyed everything they could not carry away.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

OXFORD, MISS., December 20, 1862.

Colonel MIZNER, Abbeville, Miss.:

Go forward and join Colonel Marsh to-night as you were instructed. Don't allow him to be cut up by pies-meal.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 20, 1862.

Colonel C. C. MARSH, Waterford, Miss.:

Colonel Mizner was ordered to join you to-night. He is camped at the Tallahatchie. Has been ordered again to proceed to-night and join you. If in the morning he shows any reluctance in the pursuit, arrest him and turn over the command to next in rank.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TALLAHATCHIE,North side of River, December 20, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Lieutenant Carter informs me that the enemy are in possession of Holly Springs and Waterford; that Jackson and Forrest are united. They have some artillery. I think it prudent to return the train from here. Their advance has been within 2 miles of here this morning. I have formed line of battle, thrown out skirmishers, and will feel my way cautiously.

If you think necessary to send me re-enforcements and some cavalry do so by train.

Hastily,

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, Commanding District.

