HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Moscow, Tenn., June 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General HURLBUT,

Commanding La Grange:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Sherman to say that situated as we are, cut off from communication with Memphis, you cannot depend on our train for supplies. He therefore wishes you to collect from the surrounding country supplies of meat, meal, and forage; such supplies as you can find and need.

There is a hand-car here that you can have by sending 6 men after it. It will be in repair by to-morrow, and as there are shops at La Grange you can easily keep it going.

There is nothing new here. I send you two papers, the 23rd and 27th. The general further wishes, and indeed the purpose of this letter is, that you send him notice as soon as possible when you hear anything of where General Rosecrans is, or any news of any kind of him.

A letter from General Grant came through this morning by courier.

He says that he has no force and cannot assist us at all.

Has any train arrived or any mails? The orderly will await an answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Moscow, Tenn., June 28, 1862.

General HURLBUT, La Grange, Tenn.:

SIR: I have long been impressed with the belief that we could not depend on this railroad till we clear out all traces of an enemy from the northern tier of counties in Mississippi.

Send down 40 wagons and we will share with you the provisions on hand; then make up a train of 60 wagons and send to Memphis by way of Somerville and the Stage road for another supply; that road is more safe than the State Line road. Even with that train send a regiment as escort, to ride in the empty wagons, but to march back as a guard to the loaded wagons. I think Grant will try and protect that road.

As soon as we hear from Rosecrans we must move on Holly Springs, cost what it may.

You must feed McClernand's men. Get corn-meal, beef, &amp;c.

Yours, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 29, VIA CAIRO, July 1.

(Received Washington 8.40 p. m., July 1, 1862.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Official reports received that the expedition from Cassville, under Colonel King and Majors Hubbard and Miller, have captured 2 rebel colonels, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 4 captains, 7 lieutenants, 120 enlisted men, 12 trains, and a large quantity of arms, stores &c. Railroads to

