
to have my regiment and artillery, and that you ought to get back at once and save your district and Corinth? General Sullivan has no men that are available to him. Humboldt and Trenton are both gobbled up, and unless we are on the lookout we shall go in the same way.

All quiet here. Wire working from Corinth to jackson. It was cut above here last night. All quiet toward Savannah.

Keep me advised.

WM. R. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LA GRANGE, TENN., December 21, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

Send help to-night. Our forces repulsed them this afternoon at Davis' Mill. They are marching to attack this place. We will do the best we can.

J. RICHMOND,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Oxford, Miss., December 21, 1862.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing:

You will instruct the divisions of McArthur and Ross to move immediately upon Corinth by the most practicable routes. The troops should be instructed to be as careful as possible of their rations. Organized foraging parties should be formed to collect all the provender and food that may be required and see to its proper distribution.

In entering Corinth, if it is ascertained that communication is cut north, as large a supply of forage as possible should be carried in with the troops.

If it is learned that a move is being made on Corinth the troops should make a forced march to their destination.

All mills on the route should be destroyed and the means of supporting an army carried off as far as practicable or destroyed also.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Oxford, Miss., December 21, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON,

Commanding Right Wing:

I have ordered two divisions back to Corinth, and facts may develop through the day which will make it necessary to send much more force to that point. It is now reported that Bragg is in motion for Corinth. If so, our whole force will be required for its defense. You will fall back, therefore, to the north bank of the Tallahatchie, by which time facts enough will be developed to determine upon our further course.

My present plan is to send Quinby's and Logan's divisions to Memphis, and either you or Hamilton in command, and to go myself, if allowed, and send the other two divisions to Bolivar, from which position they can be made available for any point that may by threatened

