
If the rebels get such a check as to leave the road in a condition to be repaired in one week I shall hold the line of the Tallahatchie for the present.

if I go to Memphis I shall take either you or Hamilton, leaving the other in command of all the forces except those accompanying the river expedition.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Camp, Yocknapatalfa, December 21, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I will commence my march for the Tallahatchie to-morrow morning.

I would like very much to see the officer who is to remain in charge of the cavalry, to have some definite understanding about destroying the wagon-road bridges as we retire. i propose to have a regiment of infantry move back along the line of the railroad and destroy every bridge and trestle-work from the Otuck north.

I sent over to General Denver yesterday afternoon to destroy the bridge (McFarland's) about 5 miles to the west of his, across the Yockna, thinking perhaps the rebel cavalry might return from their raid into Holly Springs by that route and we might thus be enabled to make some of them repent of their rashness.

I issued an order this morning putting my men on three-fourths rations, and by so doing have enough provisions on hand to last ten days.

Leggett is still at Water Valley, and I shall to make any move to the rear until the cavalry is ready to make the demonstration in front and screen our movements, unless I hear from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 21, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. DENVER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: You will move your command back to the north side of the Tallahatchie by the same route on which you advanced, camping to-morrow night on Clear Creek, west of Oxford, and the next night at Wyatt, on the north side of the Tallahatchie.

Your command will start at 6 o'clock a. m. to-morrow. You will as far as practicable have all your empty wagons filled with forage on the route, and will instruct your commissary to seize all provisions, cattle, &amp;c., on the route and take along. You will keep your train well to the front, preceded by a strong advance guard, and will cause all the bridges on the route to be destroyed after your troops have crossed, except the bridge over the Tallahatchie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

