HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 21, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: You will move your whole command back to the north side of the Tallahatchie by the same route on which you advanced, camping ont he creek about 5 miles north of Oxford to-morrow night. Your command will move at 6 o'clock a. m. to-morrow. You will before starting destroy the railroad bridge across the yocknapatalfa, in your front, and will send a regiment of infantry along the line of the railroad to destroy all the bridges and trestle-work from the Yockna to Oxford. You will keep your train well in front, preceded by a strong advance guard, and keep the whole column well closed up to guard against any sudden dash of rebel cavalry. You will instruct your commissaries to seize all provisions, beef cattle, &amp;c., and take along whenever practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: You will move your command back to Oxford, starting at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, by the same road on which you advanced. You will keep your train in front, preceded by a strong advanced guard, and the whole column will be kept well closed up. I will give you definite instructions about the bridge across the Yocknapatalfa to-morrow morning. Instruct your commissary to seize all provisions, cattle, &c., and take along.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

SPEC'L FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH A. C.,

Numbers 30. Steamer Forest Queen, Helena, December 21, 1862.

General Steele, with four brigades of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, having been assigned to this wing of the Army of the Tennessee, will embark his command on the boats provided and drop down to a point in the river on the Arkansas shore opposite Friar's Point. All boats should be there by sunrise to-morrow, December 22.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 22, 1862-11 p. m.

(Received December 23, 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

Your dispatch received. Things are still unsettled. I had communicated them to General Hurlbut. No connection south. No intelligence

