
south of Trenton. General Sullivan has withdrawn force from Union City, Kenton, Trenton, &amp;c., to Jackson. Trenton and the railroad to Union City in hands of the enemy. Troops at Trenton captured, say, 200; at Dyer, say, 50; at Rutherford,d say, 50; and those at Kenton, say, 200; and at Union City, say, 60. By withdrawing them have sent a force, 1,500, to-day to Union City. Shall push down and repair railroad and fight. Ordered boats below Fort Henry to be taken out of the river to prevent rebels crossing. Heard from 700 of them near Dresden; presume they will try to cross near Paducah. Cannot judge of their force-estimated from 1,500 to 7,000; seven pieces of artillery. No gunboats at Cairo; all gone south. Colonel Lowe, from Henry Heiman, and Donelson, in pursuit of enemy. Have taken every means to prevent their crossing Tennessee River. Think Columous will be attacked, but am ready for any force they can bring. Public property here estimated at &13,000,000. Have sent couriers through to urge up the forces from south to join me. Think things will be right in a few days.

THOS. A. DAVIES.

OXFORD, MISS, December 22, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN MCARTHUR,

Waterford, Miss.:

If your entire division has moved let it continue to Waterford and camp for the night.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAND JUNCTION, December 22, [1862.]

Major-General GRANT:

Bridges destroyed between La Grange and Moscow. Scouts sent out toward Somerville found all bridges destroyed. Courier from Major Moyers, Third Michigan Cavalry, reports that Twelfth Michigan Infantry were attacked this ;morning at Middleburg, and repulsed the enemy, taking some prisoners.

Major Saylor, of Third Michigan Cavalry, reports a prisoner taken who states that Van Dorn expected to make a junction with Price to-morrow morning and attack Bolivar. Major Moyers was moving toward Spring Hill.

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

HOLLY SPRINGS, December 22, [1862.]

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Send 50 men and tools, and road can be opened north in six hours after they reach here. Engine from Bolivar came below Coldwater last evening.

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

