
HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 23, 1862.

Colonel B. H. GRIERSON,

Grand Junction, Tenn.:

If you are on the track of the enemy follow him. Don't be turned off by directions from post commanders unless you think you will get after the enemy by a shorter route or in a more effective way by doing so.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GRAND JUNCTION, December 23, 1862.

General GRANT:

I am moving as rapidly as possible north to Bolivar.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

BOLIVAR, December 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

Our scouts just in. Thirteen of them met a force of 300, 7 miles out toward Whiteville; killed 2, and cam in without injury, except clothes by buckshot. They learn that eighth regiments are coming there on the Whiteville, Somerville, and Brownsville roads. Colonel Richmond, at La Grange, says the enemy encamped 2 miles north of Somerville; also that four regiments of our cavalry are coming this way in pursuit of them. Our scouts say the rebels are dressed in our clothing, probably captured at Holly Springs. Our cavalry will probably arrive during the night, but I have no fear of them as we are.

M BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

BOLIVAR, December 23, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

The force that threatened Bolivar yesterday have Somerville and apparently approaching the mount of Clover Creek, where the Hatchie River is fordable. From that crossing a blind road leads to Medon Station.

I now think they intend to attack Medon, as they did before from the same direction. Their vedettes will probably occupy the main roads and their main force the secret road. Had you not better strengthen Medon while I re-enforce Toone's Station? I have no fear for Bolivar, but for the road between us.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR OXFORD, December 23, 1862.

General U. S. GRAND:

GENERAL: My command found the enemy's pickets about 2 miles north of Coffeeville on the morning of the 22d; drove them south of Coffeeville 3 miles, where I found the enemy in force; destroyed the railroad trestle-work south of Coffeeville and between that point and the Yocknapatalfa.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade of Cavalry.

