
HUMBOLDT, TENN., [December] 23, [1862].

General GRANT:

I left Oxford the next morning after I saw you; came to Jackson same day; found forces concentrated there and trouble generally. I declined to proceed farther; reported to General Sullivan for duty, and after the rebels fell back from Jackson I was directed to take command of the forces ordered toward Columbus and re-established communications. I am now trying to so. Came here last night; will go to Trenton to-morrow, and rebels are on ahead, so reported. When I shall go through I do not know. I sent a courier to General Davies this morning requesting him to move down this way and check Forrest so that we can drive him off of railroad or whip him. I want to get home, and before I get there my furlough will expire. I would like to have it so changed as to allow me to have a leave that won't expire before it begins. I am progressing well, and will land all energies to get road through to Columbus and send stores down.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Brigadier-General.

HUMBOLDT, December 23, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

I have taken command here for the present; am pushing forward repairs on road. Rations are running short; I will forage on the country if possible to supply us. Will open road to Trenton I think to-day. It is said the road is badly torn up beyond there. I came away without definite instructions, and have been acting s judgment decided to be best. What is your pleasure with reference to my command and myself?

I. N. HAYNIE,

Brigadier-General.

GRAND JUNCTION, December 23, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Five regiments cavalry here and moving on in pursuit of the enemy. It is absolutely necessary to leave one company here. I have no cavalry.

J. MCDERMOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 23, 1862.

Colonel MCDERMOTT, Grand Junction, Tenn.:

Has Colonel Marsh joined you? I wish him to remain at Grand Junction, La Grande, and Davis' Mill until otherwise ordered, unless he sees an opportunity to operate against enemy advantageously.

Show this to Colonel Marsh.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GRAND JUNCTION, December 23, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

Rebels in force a few miles northwest of La Grange toward Moscow.

