
OXFORD, December 23, 1862-10 p. m.

General GRANT:

I have already given directions to Colonel Hatch, and his whole command will be here to start in a few minuets in an east-northeasterly direction until he strikes the road running from the mouth of Tippah Creek to Pontotoc, and try, if possible, to head the rebels off. I think he will reach his road before daylight and have instructed him to use all efforts to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy and ambush them.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

OXFORD, MISS., December 23, 1862.

Colonel JOHN M. LOOMIS,

Commanding Oxford, Miss.:

Upon General McPherson moving his division from here you will break up this post and proceed with your command to Holly Springs, Miss., keeping with General McPherson's division as far as it moves on the same road.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[DECEMBER 23, 1862.-For Curtis to Davies and Curtis to Gorman, see Series I, Vol. XXII.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF TENN.,

Numbers 32. Holly Springs, Miss, December 23, 1862.

It having come to the knowledge of the commanding general that officers are in the habit of quartering in houses, boarding in families, and living in towns in the vicinity of their commands, in violation of General Orders, Numbers 23, Headquarters District of West Tennessee, dated Savannah, March 18, 1862, it is therefore ordered:

I. That all officers of the army, except generals commanding divisions, are required to occupy tents with their respective commands.

II. All officers found occupying houses or boarding in families will be arrested by their immediate commanders and reported through the proper military channels to these headquarters for dismissal from the service, with forfeiture of pay and allowances, or such other penalty as the nature of the case may require.

III. Sick officers from no exception to this order. They must enter general hospitals.

IV. Commanding generals are prohibited from quartering troops in house unless by consent of the general commanding army corps to which they belong.

V. General commanding divisions will occupy quarters contiguous to their respective commands.

VI. Division commanders will report at once to these headquarters the receipt of this order and its promulgation to their respective commands.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

