
telegraph, set fire to the culverts and trestle-work, and destroyed dwellings and barns. The garrison at Middleburg killed, wounded, and captured a number, giving them a hot reception and fighting nobly. I dispatched you from Middleburg.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

The force at Salem should be informed of this, and be on the lookout for them to give them a salute as they pass.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 24, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON, Oxford, Miss.:

The following dispatch is just received. Send it to Colonel Hatch by to-morrow morning if possible:

NEAR BOLIVAR, December 24, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

I arrived in Bolivar 11 o'clock last night. Pickets at that place were driven in last night. Our presence no doubt saved the place, as it is evident they did not know of our presence until this morning.

We struck their trail on Middleburg road this morning, evidently a large force, 7,000 or 8,000. My column is now moving. Have been skirmishing all the morning; a number of the enemy killed and wounded; no loss on our side.

Later-MIDDLEBURG, December 24.

The enemy repulsed from this place by our infantry. We came up with their rear; they struck off the left toward the Van Buren road; we are in close pursuit; their number from 5,000 to 7,000. I have but 1,400 men. Cannot the Seventh Illinois, Third Iowa, and balance of the Third Michigan be sent after me. From latest information they appear to be going southeast.

Will keep you advised as well as possible.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding.

U. S. GRANT,

BOLIVAR, TENN., December 24, 1862-a. m.

General GRANT:

Arrived at 11 o'clock last night; pickets driven in here this morning; think only a feint; think they have gone north to join Forrest.

My column now mowing east of north; will keep you advised as far as possible.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 24, 1862.

Colonel B. H. GRIERSON,

In pursuit of Van Dorn, near Van Buren:

Your dispatches from near Middleburg and Van Buren have been sent tot he commanding officer at Salem, whose forces consist of infantry and artillery and are about 15 miles east of here; also to Colonel Hatch, who started last evening with his cavalry force to the mouth of Tippah Creek, on the Tallahatchie, in pursuit of a portion of the enemy near there. He

