
BOLIVAR, December 24, 1862.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN:

Colonel Graves has sent up 13 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant. he reports 6 rebels dead, besides a number buried by the rebels; 13 other prisoners wounded. We had but 3 wounded. Our cavalry went south. The rebels supposed to have turned back this way.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[DECEMBER 24,? 1862.]

General SULLIVAN:

What step are you taking to drive out the enemy? Are you collecting forage and supplies?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HUMBOLDT, December 24, 1862.

General J. C. SULLIVAN:

Captain Burbridge sent from Trenton, reports that our forces met Forrest at Ohio River and whipped them; that Forrest is falling back this way, and is 6 miles northeast of Trenton. I learned from as scout sent out east of here that the rebels say that they will attack this place soon. I do not know whether to credit it or not. Railroad is reported to be not so badly torn up as was expected. The long trestle-work beyond Trenton not much hurt. Foraging parties to-day met with fine success.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Brigadier-General.

MEDON STATION, December 24, 1862.

General SULLIVAN, Jackson:

I hear from two sources that the rebels occupy Denmark in force, and that they have 700 3 miles this side of Denmark, the advance of their force marching on us. If they do not come to see us to-night I will go and meet them in the morning.

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, December 25, 1862.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I am ordered to move on Little Rock up the Arkansas, first striking Post Arkansas. General Curtis has ordered movements from the east by Blunt, Herron, Schofield, and Davidson, and by my self as above indicated. I am powerless with my force without some good gunboats.

I have asked Admiral Porter to aid me if possible. Will you do me the favor to write me a note, or, if perfectly convenient, to see him on the subject? I will be in Napoleon in ten days from this date. I am ordered to attract the attention of General Holmes that he may not be

