
able to send forces to aid General Hindman at Van Buren, against which Blunt, Herron, &amp;c., are moving. I am utterly powerless without gunboats with my force, 5,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry.

I have 2,000 cavalry scouting toward the Tallahatchie and 1,000 infantry and a section of artillery at Frair's Point.

I am, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HOLLY SPRINGS, December 25, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON, Abbeville:

Send one brigade of your command to Lumpkin's Mill and keep it running. Both divisions that were there have been removed, one to Davis' Mill the other as escort to wagon train.

Relieve General Smith from command of his brigade and order ;him to report to me. Roos is in arrest, and I want Smith to take his division.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 25, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON, Abbeville, Miss.:

The office at Abbeville can be moved back to your headquarters or another established. No news from Grierson to-day. Parties in from the east report hearing artillery off toward Rocky Ford for several hours this forenoon.

Communication will be opened with Columbus to-morrow. Sullivan reports road much less damaged than he expected. Will be in order by Monday or Tuesday. All in order now to Jackson. Dodge reports Roddey at Guntown with 1,500 cavalry and some artillery moving west.

If our cavalry get Van Dorn under good headway toward Pontotoc I would like them to give Mr. Roddey a dash.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR TALLAHATCHIE,

December 25, 1862-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch received. Division trains will be at Tallaloosa at 12 m. to-morrow, 26th instant. Orders for Colonel Hatch, inclosing copy of dispatches from Colonel Grierson, sent to Colonel Hatch and received by him at 1 this morning. His command would start immediately in the direction of Rocky Ford and Ripley. All our cavalry have left Oxford and I presume a small force of rebel cavalry are in the place, as the cavalry pickets were fired on early this morning. I have notified Colonel Leggett at Abbeville that all our cavalry has been removed from his front in the direction of Oxford nd that his sentinels and outposts must be on the alert to guard against surprise. I shall order Colonel Leggett's brigade from Abbeville, to this side of the river as soon as the cotton, &c., is removed. I have given orders to have the rebel works on the south side of the Tallahatchie silenced.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

