
COLUMBUS, KY., December 25, 1862-noon.

Major-General HALLECK:

Island Numbers 10 is safe. There was but a small force there, and the country open to the enemy; but twenty-five heavy guns mounted and in order, with large quantities of ammunition, which was captured. I shall run the risk no longer, and sent down yesterday to have the ammunition and gun-carriages destroyed and guns spiked, being of no use, and so cripple the armament as not to be dangerous in case of capture. I shall send a second messenger to-day. Everything, including sick, will be loaded probably to-day on boats, which very much aids my defenses, and shall soon be ut of danger. The enemy are in force-about 7,000 cavalry and artillery-near Union City, probably waiting a train load of troops or hoping to draw me out. I shall soon be in a position to go. I hear nothing more of Cheatham.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 25, 1862-2.20 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following received from General Hurlbut, Memphis, as the report of fugitive men and officers of the Second Illinois Cavalry, who were at Holly Springs. It appears from their statement that the One hundred and first Illinois and Seventy-eighth Ohio Infantry were surprised in their tens and are unquestionably captured. McNeil, lieutenant-colonel Second Illinois Cavalry, charged repeatedly, but fruitlessly, the force being too strong. Murphy, of Iuka fame, was in command. heavy stores of all kinds were captured and destroyed. We had 700 head of cattle and 1,000,000 of rations, which are gone. The ammunition was blown up. One officer said the Sixty-second Illinois were also in garrison.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 25, 1862-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Things are easing up every way. I shall hold the place against any force. I hear no more from infantry, but a heavy cavalry force is hovering close. A flag of truce sent in to-day asking rations and train to bring over paroled prisoners from Moscow. I shall make good use of it to gain time. Everything in the shape of public property, except some forage, is nearly out of the way. I shall send three boat loads of supplies to Memphis to-night. I have a light gunboat and one coming from Cairo. Have got a lot of howitzers from navy, and shall make them available. No news except a cavalry fight at Fort Pillow. The notorious Gus Smith, your old guide, turned traitor, was killed, and several others. none of our men hurt. No news from any point south except what I telegraphed to you this morning from Memphis. I understand from deserters that the road is not much damaged, except bridges and trestle-works burned.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

