
adopted and also a change of organization of army corps. I would direct therefore that you retain commend of the District of Memphis until receipt of orders arranging army corps in accordance wit the instructions referred to.

I will be glad to hear from you and to learn when the river expedition sailed and any other news you may have to communicate.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

DECEMBER 25, 1862.

Major JONES, Commanding at Island Numbers 10:

The order I sent you last evening to "destroy ammunition and burn gun-carriages and spike" I hope you have carried out. Send up by the O'Brien 500 rounds of canister, 8-inch, if you have it.

The object I have in view is to so cripple the armament there that it will not be available to the enemy as a point of defense in case they should capture it.

You can save such of the guns as will be serviceable for your own defense, but be careful not to retain too much ammunition.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,December 25, 1862.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have sent communications to you by way of Jackson by courier, and do not know whether you have received them or not. I have been in the hope of receiving some directions from you. As you have been apprised, Trenton was taken on the 20th. The troops having been removed up as far s Union City by General Sullivan there were left at Trenton about 200, under Colonel Fry, who were captured. A few, say 25, at Humboldt, captured. They captured the troops at Dyer and Rutherford. I withdrew the force at Trenton, about 200 men and those at Union City, about 50.

We have been threatened here by what was reported to be 6,000 or 7,000, with eighth pieces of artillery. I have been re-enforced by General Curtis, so that I have here now a little over 5,000 men, and I can hold the place against any force that they can bring against me. I have a small gunboat here, and the navy has furnished me with four 8-inch howitzers. To protect the stores from being burned I have been compelled to divide my force about equally between the plain and the forts on the hill.

I received information of a large infantry force moving int he rear of this cavalry, said to be under the command of Cheatham. Being unable to get any more re-enforcements I determined upon loading all the public property upon steamboats that were here, so as to relieve force on the plain to aid in holding the forts against any force which might come. Everything excepting some forage will, I think, be loaded by to-morrow noon.

I communicated with General Halleck, who ordered me to hold Columbus at all hazards.

31 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

