
Two boat loads of supplies will go down to memphis in the morning. I shall send another boat lead to Helena to-morrow.

As near as i can learn the rebels have taken about 500 prisoners and destroyed most of the bridges and trestle-works on the road where they have gone. I have 1,500 feet of trestle-work and four bridges ready to proceed with the construction as soon as it can be done with safety to this place. I hope to get some additional re-enforcements to drive them off and commence the reconstruction. I have withdrawn the force from Hickman, Moscow, and Little Obion.

They have destroyed nothing this side of Union City as yet, but presume they will. I cannot give you and idea of the exact position of their forces. All I know from the south is that they have a heavy cavalry force hovering about Clinton and Moscow. The cavalry at Fort Pillow have had a fight, in which the famous Gus Smith was killed and several others; no loss on our side.

As the enemy can have possession of the bank of the Mississippi to Island Numbers 10 I have ordered the armament thee to be so thoroughly crippled by the destruction of the powder, spiking the guns, and burning the gun-carriages which are of no use to us, that if the island should fall into their hands they could not close the navigation of the river.

In the absence of orders from you I keep open communication with General Halleck, and have informed him of all my movements.

No damage has yet been done by the rebels in my district. I shall continue to press things and do all that can be done under the circumstances. I think that nothing very serious will come out of the whole matter.

I am, very respectfully,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS, December 25, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

Parole the prisoners you have and turn them loose. Send a complete roll of them to the Adjutant-General of the Army and retain a copy.

Van Dorn was at Saulsbury last night; our cavalry close on him. he was repulsed at every place except here. It is possible that Van Dorn turned east from Saulsbury.

Have you any news from Rosecrans or Bragg?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, December 25, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS:

Morgan has tried a raid in the rear of Rosecrans at same time it was tried on us; do not know what success he had. i heard from Bragg's army; scout seven days on the road; everything was in same position as I last reported, except one brigade at Shelbyville has been mounted. I expect more news to-morrow. Roddey left Tuscumbia last Saturday with his whole command; camped Monday night at Bay Springs; was out at Guntown Tuesday, and going west. He had about 1,500 mounted men; five pieces artillery. I have scouts on his track.

I have some Texans of Withers' brigade, who were dismounted when they left Arkansas. Since they fell back from Holly Springs the whole

