
in every direction and would soon confine them to very narrow limits. From all I have been able to learn the rebels have adopted this plan in the late movements they have made in our rear.

The most effective cavalry we now have are those armed with the revolving rifle, and dismount when going into action. Ordinary infantry if mounted would be just about as good. They could subsist on the country, and, carrying their shelter-tents, would require no baggage train.

Yours, in haste,

J. W. DENVER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH A. C.,

Numbers 32. Milliken's Bend, December 25, 1862.

General A. J. Smith will detach a brigade at this point to march to the southwest and destroy effectually a section of the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad near the Tensas, at or near a place called Joe's Bayou. Each regiment will carry about ten axes and materials for firing the wood-work. Railroad trestles, ties, and iron for a reach of about a mile will be piled up and burned, and telegraph lines pulled down and hidden in some deem water. Men will be provided two days' rations. The officer in command will press any number of guides, white or black, and may take any provisions, wagons, or carriages needed by his command. He will start as early as possible, march in silence, and having accomplished his purpose will return and re-embark his command.

By order of Major General W. T Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 34. Holly Springs, Miss., December 25, 1862.

The Seventh Division, left wing, Army in the Field, Brigadier General Quinby commanding, will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., as escort to train for supplies for the army. A train of 50 wagons will be detached from each division for this purpose, besides the regimental train of the Seventh Division. The train of the right wing will be collected at Tallaloosa by 12 o'clock m. on the 26th instant, escorted by details from their respective commands to that place, details to return as soon Sixth Division will move immediately west to the same point and be there at the same time. The Seventh and Eighth Division will receive their directions from General Quinby where they are.

The route to be taken to Memphis will be the Pigeon Roost road, leading from Tallaloosa to Memphis. The chief commissary of subsistence will detail a commissary of subsistence to accompany the train, and will give the proportions of each component part of the rations to be drawn.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

