
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General DAVIES, Columbus, Ky.:

I beg leave to repeat that Columbus must be held at all hazards. No movements which will endanger that position must now be made.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 26, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Safely arrived. We can hold the against the entire Confederacy, but not strong enough to go out and whip the rascals. Can you spare the Twenty-ninth Iowa? Send Colonel Cornyn's regiment to report to me here.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 26, 1862.

Colonel LEWIS,

Commanding Twenty-eighth Wisconsin:

SIR: You will proceed with your regiment on board the steamer Black Hawk down the river to Hickman. You will meet the gunboat New Era on the way up or find her at Hickman. If you do not, you must land your regiment above Hickman, out of range of artillery if any is there, and capture and totally destroy two large guns, which I am informed the rebels are mounting at that point on the bank of the river. They are two large pieces of ordnance left there by the navy as condemned. They are mounting them on the river bank. Burn all the gun-carriages you can find on the river bank or in the town, and utterly destroy the guns if you can or roll them into the river if you cannot get them away by any other means. Take good care that while you are doing this by a detail that you are not surprised by a charge of cavalry. I hope you will use every precaution to resist an attack if one is made. I do not fear that you will be so attacked; but if you are do the best you can. You will know the gunboat when you meet her by her color being brown.

I send with you Captain Hutchens, who has been in command of Hickman, and a guide who will tell you where you can land above Hickman.

Have your steamboat while you are ashore lay off a little way in the stream, say 20 or 30 feet, so that she may not be surprised during you absence. The remainder I leave to your discretion.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

If you can ascertain any one who has been engaged in this operation arrest them and bring them up here. When you have accomplished the work you will return to this place.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

