
COLUMBUS, December 26, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUNBOAT NEW ERA:

SIR: I send a regiment of infantry to assist in landing at Hickman. I am informed that they are mounting two large guns at that place, which were thrown off there by the navy as condemned. It is very heavy ordnance, and if they are not destroyed will give some trouble. I wish you would take such steps, with the aid of the infantry, as to prevent their use by totally destroying them. If they have fire on any boat or made such preparations you know what to do. You probably have your orders from Admiral Porter. I leave the rest to your discretion.

Look through the town and see if there is anything else that can be used and destroy that also.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP NEAR TALLAHATCHIE, December 26, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I have selected a place on this side of the river near ne of the new rebel batteries for the cars to stop at when they run down with supplies, &amp;c. The mills which General Sherman had in operation where Colonel Buckland's brigade was are on the south side of the Tallahatchie, on Hurricane Creek, and about 12 miles from here. By moving Denver's division to Wyatt and rebuilding the bridge across the river I could place a brigade at the mills and sent them to running again. Colonel Leggett has a small mill in operation near Abbeville, and will, I think, have another started soon.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, December 26, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON, Abbeville, Miss.:

I hardly think it would pay to detach a division so far from the main body, but if you think it would you can send Denver to Wyatt.

No news from Van Dorn or our cavalry. The rebels are encamped up near Trenton. I expect they will do serious damage to the road near Union City.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CAMP ON TALLAHATCHIE, December 26, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Dispatch received. Every means will be taken to secure everything in the [way] of provisions which this section will supply. I have directed my command to be placed on half rations until it is definitely known how soon we will get a supply over the railroad. Colonel Leggett's command will remain at Abbeville to-day and possibly to-morrow, depending somewhat upon the weather and news of the enemy's movements.

No word as yet from Colonel Hatch.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

