
HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 26, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON,

Commanding Right Wing:

Van Dorn passed Ripley yesterday going south. Our cavalry was after him, but from 6 to 10 miles in the rear. Van Dorn got the start by making a march after he had apparently encamped for the night. The hope now is that Hatch may have succeeded in heading him south until other troops come up. I think by foraging liberally we can give the men more than half rations, but would not give more from the supply on hand. The road north of Trenton is worse than at first reported. I have directed work to progress toward Memphis. I ordered Sullivan to mount infantry to follow those fellows up north. He reports that he can mount 1,500 at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 26, 1862.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON, Abbeville, Miss.:

Send Denver's division to Moscow and La Fayette. I will commence opening that road.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, December 26, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Holly Springs:

My scouts are in from east of Tennessee River; left Waynesborough and Clifton yesterday. At former place are about 500 Mississippi cavalry; at Clifton, about 100. At Old Town a large lot of hogs are collected in charge of Robertson's cavalry. Yesterday the citizens at Savannah had a fight with some of Robertson's company; wounded 2 and took 6 prisoners, which the scout brought here. Some of my cavalry crossed to-night to help through. In Wayne County are some 200 armed Union men, whom the Mississippi cavalry have been sent to put down. At Old Carrollsville Forrest has his trains and what he has captured. A good regiment of cavalry could capture the lot, or a force up the river from Fort Henry could catch then. Men from Clifton who saw Forrest cross say he did not cross over 3,500 men. No movement of Bragg that I can discover. Jeff. Davis in Chattanooga last Sunday; Johnston with him.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, December 26, 1862.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN:

There must be some mistake about Van Dorn being at Brownsville, as he was in Ripley yesterday. My cavalry just in from there bring prisoners from his column going south.

G. M. DODGE.

