
A. J. Smith is assigned to the right; Morgan L. Smith, next; Steele, next, and Morgan the left. There is a strong battery some 12 miles above here, and believed to be supported by some 10,000 or 12,000 troops. It is also believed there are about the same number in Vicksburg with strong fortifications and guns of heavy caliber. Re-enforcements are also arriving from Jackson.

The news came yesterday that General McClernand was soon to arrive nd take command. Of course General Sherman must have felt unpleasantly, but he does not show it in the least and bears it like the true soldier he is.

General Sherman thinks it best to detain the transports a few days; until he discharges them I shall venture to remain. As there is said to be a plan on foot to intercept the boats on their return, a gunboat will probably escort us.

Very respectfully,

L. B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

ABBEVILLE, December 27, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

GENERAL: Fifty teams from General Denver's division went out on a forage expedition under Colonel Stevenson and have not yet returned, so that he could not start to-day. He will take the road via Holly Springs and Hudsonville, and his orders, given after the receipt of your first dispatch, were to start as soon as possible. He will see you in Holly Springs. Two companies of cavalry will report to you to-morrow by 9 o'clock. From information gathered from citizens it appears that a large force of rebels under General Holmes are moving northeast from Grenada. I shall not place much reliance upon it unless confirmed from other sources.

To-morrow morning the telegraph office will be at my headquarters, and I can then communicate immediately; now it takes fully three hours.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 27, 1862.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE, M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

There are now five light-draught gunboats in the Tennessee River waiting to run up on the first rise. They will naturally destroy all means of crossing the river. I wish, however, to make sure you would send a request for them to do so.

If you can get a messenger through to Lowe instruct him to destroy Forrest's train.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

TRENTON, December 27, 1862.

General J. C. SULLIVAN:

Forrest, as I am informed, was in Dresden last night. You can reach Huntingdon better from there than from Jackson. I have ordered the advance to be made.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Brigadier-General.

32 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

