
TRENTON, December 27, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

The third is here with troops. One regiment of Colonel Fuller's brigade not yet arrived.

I have positive information that Forrest, with 2,000 men and six, guns, passed to and stopped in Dresden last night on his way to Reynoldsburg or some other point on the river. They left Middleburg yesterday evening, where I had hoped to catch them. I will start a brigade up toward Kenton, if you think it best; but there are, I am pretty sure, no rebels three. Now, I am informed that the road to Dresden is good except one bridge, and that by going the Huntingdon road we may get on the enemy's flank and thus prevent his escape. Give me orders which way to start. I delayed this long hoping you would be up on this last train.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Brigadier-General.

TRENTON, December 27, 1862.

General SULLIVAN:

I sent Captain Silence yesterday to Brownsville. He has just come to me here and makes report as follows:

I arrived at Humboldt at 5 o'clock this evening. I went within 5 miles of Brownsville. Union men direct from there report no rebel forces at Brownsville. I spent the night on Forked Deer; had guards at Cherryville and Sheron's Ferry. Twelve mounted men with double-barreled guns crossed this way at 12 o'clock last night. I found the neighborhood filled with rebels, apparently on leave. I heard no definite, concerted move except that sent you last night.

NED. R. SILENCE,

Captain, Commanding Cavalry.

The captain also tells me that a report reached him that Van Dorn was expecting to hear of Bragg's forces moving on to Jackson and he was to act in concert with him. He perhaps means the late move of Forrest on Jackson. Re-enforcement question all right.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Brigadier-General.

TRENTON, December 27, 1862-11 a. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Forrest has left for Tennessee River, supposed crossing at Reynoldsburg. I am pursuing on Huntingdon road. The Tennessee River has risen 2 feet since Sunday. I will not leave him until he is out of the district.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, POTTS' FARM,Fifteen miles southwest from Holly Springs, Miss.,

December 27, 1862-4 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Hatch with his command arrived at New Albany four hours after I had passed. I continued the pursuit 9 miles south of that place, when being convinced that farther pursuit would be fruitless

