
and having gone to a point farther south than our lines extended, I turned west and camped at King's Bridge, 7 miles west of New Albany.

Last night Colonel Hatch reported to me by letter at 6 p. m. He was at New Albany. I directed him to proceed by the most practicable route to our advance post. He will go via Waterford to Abbeville.

My commands is exhausted from fatigue and were drenched by the rain last night. I shall camp here to-night, finding an abundance of forage, and will proceed to Holly Springs in the morning.

Some ambulances and wagons belonging to the command were left at Bolivar and were ordered to Grand Junction. Will you have them ordered to meet us? Our train should also be ordered to join us at Holly Springs, as the command is without a change of clothing and in such a condition as to require rest.

I am, sire, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

I sent a line to you by Major Mudd. We pressed the enemy hard and took many prisoners.

HOLLY SPRINGS, December 27, 1862.

Major-General MCPHERSON, Abbeville:

As soon as the cavalry returns I want two companies (the freshest that can be got) to send through to Memphis. From what I understand the road can be put in order in a few days. I want in that case to order Quinby to return by the State Line road, guarding the road from germantown until he meets the cars with his division, and send his supplied through by rail.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., December 27, 1862-8 p. m.

Colonel A. STAGER:

James W. Forbes, operator from Jackson, just arrived from Humboldt; brought dispatches through safely, but was prisoner twenty-four hours at Union City. Says Jackson, Bolivar, and Grand Junction safe late as morning of 24th, but Van Dorn had surrounded Grand Junction, and Forrest, with 8,000 men, said would have Jackson in twenty-four hours. Railroad and telegraph destroyed for 20 miles between Trenton and Union City. Our men repairing north ward from Humboldt. Nothing late from Memphis.

SAM. BRUCH,

Captain and A. Q. M. and Asst. Manager U. S. M. T.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 28, 1862.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am sending some force to re-enforce your point, regarding it as rather weak and of utmost importance to the whole country.

