
LA GRANGE, TENN., June 29, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Moscow, Tenn.:

Quite a number of irregular cavalry are reported to me as being on the North Fork of Wolf River, 1 1\2 miles north of the railroad, and northwest of Cromwell's Station, at McCown's Mill. They are within 4 miles of Moscow, and captured 2 of your men yesterday. They were seen yesterday evening by two boys, children of Mr. Woolley, who brings me the information. They have probably come over Ammons' Bridge, and are either waiting for wagon trains or moving across toward the Bolivar Railroad. My wagon train has four companies of infantry as guard, and I have 40 cavalry with forage train on the Somerville road. I cannot state the number they may have nor can I send after them, as my cavalry is all on duty elsewhere.

[S. A. HURLBUT,]

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Moscow, Tenn., June 29, 1862.

General HURLBUT, La Grange, Tenn.:

I have a guard at Ammon's Bridge. No cavalry has passed there. No men are reported missing, and our foraging parties have been all along the North Fork. I have only half your force of cavalry, but will send a squad to McCown's Mill; some embryo guerrilla party may have been there.

Have all your forces, except one regiment at the Junction and one at La Grange, with a section of artillery at each place, ready to march to Holly Springs to-morrow at 2 p. m., taking five days' rations and as few traps as possible.

Report to me the number and composition of the regiments that have come from McClernand.

Rosecrans' advance will be at Holly Springs on Tuesday morning and we must march there at same time. Try and keep the movement a secret.

Telegraph me to-day when you dispatch your train to Memphis. I have one ready to start at 3 a. m.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Numbers 48. Moscow, Tenn., June 29, 1862.

The division will be in line and will march at 2 o'clock to-morrow in the order of-Denver's brigade, Smith's brigade, McDowell's brigade.

The cavalry will take the advance, taking the road toward North Mount Pleasant, leaving it to the right, and thence toward Hudsonville. They will halt from time to time to assure that the infantry is on the right road.

Each brigade will carry its cooking utensils and provisions for six days; will leave behind tents and all baggage except the bedding of officers and men. Each regiment will take its ammunition wagon; tools at the rate of 25 axes, spades, and picks per regiment.

The division ammunition train will accompany the expedition. Each brigadier will make arrangements that the sick men left behind be organized to defend the camps against any sudden inroads of cavalry.

