
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

The following telegram is forwarded for your information:

WASHINGTON, December 18, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Oxford, Miss:

The troops in your department, including those from General Curtis' command which join the down-river expedition, will be divided into four army corps.

It is the wish of the President that General McClernand's corps shall constitute a part of the river expedition, and that he shall have the immediate command under your directions.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

You are relieved of duty at Springfield, and will report to General Grant for the purpose specified in the order of the General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

GENERAL: The importance of the expedition on the Mississippi is every day becoming more manifest, and there will be the utmost endeavor on the part of the Government to give it aid and strength.

In conversing with you I indicated the importance of a coastwise expedition against Texas to aid you and create a diversion of the enemy's force. Major-General Banks is now organizing an expedition for that purpose, which will be in condition to co-operate with any movements that may be made after you have succeeded in clearing the Mississippi that may be made after you have succeeded in clearing the Mississippi River.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 28, 1862.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding District of Memphis:

Please forward the following letter to its address by the first opportunity.

General Halleck's instructions to me were that I could retain that portion of the Helena forces sent to this side of the river under General Hovey. Immediately on receiving his dispatch to this effect I sent orders for one regiment of infantry and one battery to remain at Friar's Point and garrison that place, and the cavalry to take a station about the mouth of Coldwater. When this order reached Friar's Point these troops had gone back to Helena, and I have not since learned whether they have been returned.

If you are aware of the fact that they have not been returned please destroy the letter addressed to the commanding officer Friar's Point.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, Miss., December 28, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER FRIAR'S POINT, MISS.:

The falling back of my forces from the Yockna to the Tallahatchie River renders it unnecessary longer to keep a force at Friar's Point. You will therefore order the entire cavalry force at Friar's Point to proceed by the most practicable route to Holly Springs, Miss., keeping north of the Tallahatchie River, where it can be used to great advantage in clearing out the country of rebel cavalry. The infantry and

