
mistaken the entire line of railroad could be put in order in ten days, and you forces be relieved and sent on down to Helena, but General Grant cannot keep this line open and running with his present force in this district. I trust that in no event your forces here and myself will be retained on this side of the river. I am not yet advised whether or not Colonel Scott, of the Thirty-second Iowa, executed General Davies' order respecting the destruction of our works at New Madrid and the evacuation of that post. It is rumored here to-day that Jeff. Thompson and [W. L.] Jeffers are marching toward New Madrid, with quite a large force. I believe Colonel Scott could make a successful resistance.

Gunboat has not yet arrived.

Your boys are all in fine spirits and very desirous to get back under your immediate direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 29, 1862-10 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Colonel Ihrie, of General Grant's staff, came through last night from Trenton. Officers are arriving by land. Report no forces west of railroad. Road reported complete to Dyer, and telegraph communication and trains running all the way down, as before. From best information the enemy have left or are concentrating. I think the former most probable.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

ABBEVILLE, December 29, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Colonel Hatch returned with his cavalry last evening without having met the enemy. He went within 10 miles of Pontotoc, to Rocky Ford, and New Albany.

JAS. B. McPHERSON

Major-General.

HUNTINGTON, TENN., December 29, 1862-8.06 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps:

I reached Huntington before the rebels knew I had left Trenton. I have Forrest in a tight place, but he may escape by my not having cavalry. The gunboats are up the river as far as Clifton, and have destroyed all the boats and ferries. To escape, Forrest must pass as far south as Savannah. My troops are moving on him in three directions, and I hope for success.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 35. Holly Springs, Miss., December 29, 1862.

I. Foraging parties will leave for the use of families and their servants a sufficient supply of provisions for sixty days, and when families

