
have a less supply beyond this if found in the country within reach of the army. This order is not, however, to be constructed to deprive the soldier of his rations whilst the country affords it. If suffering must fall on one or the other, the citizen must bear it.

II. Hereafter no houses will be taken for any purposes except by order of post or chief quartermasters, and no buildings will be assigned except for storage purposes, hospitals, and to officers entitled to quarters under existing orders or those having special permits from district commanders or higher authority to occupy houses.

III. The exception in Paragraph I of Special Orders, Numbers 32, is hereby extended to include commanders of army corps, wings, districts, and posts, surgeons of posts and general hospitals, and such staff officers as have no immediate connection with troops. Regimental surgeons must remain in camp with their regiments.

IV. Chief of staff department will see that all officers of their respective departments remain with their stores, prepared to issue the same at all times when called upon.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PADUCAH, KY., December 29, 1862.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

General Orders, Numbers 11, issued by General Grant at Oxford, Miss., December the 17th, commands all post commanders to expel all Jews, without distinction, within twenty-four hours, from his entire department. The undersigned, good and loyal citizens of the United States and residents of this town for many years, engaged in legitimate business as merchants, feel greatly insulted and outraged by this inhuman order, the carrying out of which would be the grossest violation of the Constitution and our rights as good citizens under it, and would place us, besides a large number of other Jewish families of this town, as outlaws before the whole world. We respectfully ask your immediate attention to this enormous outrage on all and humanity and pray for your effectual and immediate interposition. We would respectfully refer you to the post commander and post adjutant as to our loyalty, and all to respectable citizens of this community as to our standing as citizens and merchants. We respectfully ask for immediate instructions to be sent to the commander of this post.

D. WOLFF &amp; BROS.

C. F. KASKELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Memphis, Tenn., December 30, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Holly Springs:

COLONEL: I desire to report to the major-general commanding department that General Quinby, with his division, escorting a heavy supply train, arrived at this post yesterday. Every preparation had been made in advance to facilitate the loading, but the teams were fa-

