
tigued, and General Quinby deferred commencing until this morning. We have an abundance of rations, and the commissary of subsistence has been notified by Colonel Haines to keep always 4,000,000 on hand.

I have obtained 700,000 feet of lumber, and propose to erect within the fort a storehouse for 2,000,000, which, with our other accommodations, will give abundant storage. It will also be necessary to erect a barrack hospital within the ramparts.

The ground in front of the fort is now being cleared of houses, &amp;c., to a distance of about 250 yards, and Captain Prime proposes to erect a flank work at the north end to cover the quartermaster's and commissary's depots and flank the heavy guns.

The garrison is all within the fort except one regiment on provost duty at the square in the city.

The strength of the command is shown by the returns herewith.*

I stopped the Thirty-sixth Iowa for a few days, but have sent them on.

The city is restless, but cowed. I have not hesitated to announce that an attack would involve the destruction of Memphis. I am enrolling the Union Club as Home Guards and propose to arm them.

Since General Sherman took away the force from here smuggling has been unlimited. I occasionally catch them with cavalry patrols and certificate. [?]

I have ordered General Davies to send down all forces destined originally for Memphis and Helena and stopped by him, and have forwarded to-day the order of Major-General Grant to the same effect.

I regret to say that it is my opinion, from all I can learn, that the good of the service demands inquiry into the conduct of General Davies. The destruction and abandonment of Island Numbers 10, the unnecessary accumulation of troops, the keeping these troops so accumulated under arms night after night, and the neglect to push out forces into the country are strongly reported to me by rumor. These rumors may be unjust, but I fear they are not altogether so.

I regret to report that the paroled prisoners arrived here in the wildest disorder. Colonel Ferrell, of the Twenty-ninth Illinois, who commanded after the major-general relieved Colonel Murphy from duty, exercised no authority over his officers and men, and hone the command arrived at the Nonconah, 7 miles out, abandoned them and rode in an ambulance with his wife. The example spread, and officers and men came in squads and parties and spread all over the city. I was compelled to order the provost-guard to arrest all officers and men and force them to the fort. Colonel Ferrell is under arrest, and I have no doubt, when you receive the report of General Quinby, will be mustered out of service for disobedience of orders and desertion of his men. I shall be able to get them off to Saint Louis to-morrow. Colonel Murphy has been arrested and awaits orders.

Colonel Howe's Third Regular Cavalry, about 200 strong, is here, a fine body of men, but armed only with pistol and saber. They are all by education mounted riflemen. If the major-general will send me Grierson's regiment I would be glad to send Howe's in exchange. Two companies of Third United States are at Corinth. My reason for asking for Grierson is that he is thoroughly acquainted with this country-will be more useful than any other.

I am of opinion that General Gorman has withdrawn most of his forces from this side of the river, and I learn from him that the cavalry made a ineffectual attempt to cross from Friar's Point to Oxford, but

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

