HEADQUARTERS COMMANDER POST,Jackson, December 30, 1862-7 p.m.

General GRANT:

Major Funke, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, reports a ferry-boat at Lowrey's Ferry, on the Hatchie. He was followed from there through Brownsville on his return by 300 cavalry; their number on both sides of the river is reported at 1,000. If you send me a regiment of infantry I will drive the rebels across the river.

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LA GRANGE, December 30, 1862.

General GRANT:

Two of McArthur's brigades are at Moscow; the other (Crocker's) will reach La Fayette to-morrow. I will recall Smith's regiments from those places. McArthur reports large numbers of guerrillas along the road west. I hope the cavalry will reach Moscow to-morrow.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 30, 1862.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Abbeville, Miss.:

I have detained Denver's division here and sent McArthur to La Fayette and Moscow, thus keeping the two commands more together. I have rebrigaded the cavalry, making two brigades, the one commanded by Grierson to be assigned to you. For the present they are encamped east of Holly Springs, a few miles out. They had better remain where they are, but be ready for an expedition in any direction. Do you hear anything from the front? I have had 2,000 cavalry at Friar's Point that made an unsuccessful attempt to reach me at Oxford. I have now ordered them to get here by the most practicable route. They may have gone back to Helena, however.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

McPHERSON'S, December 30, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Colonel Hatch's cavalry went into Oxford to-day; captured 2 prisoners belonging to Colonel Slemons' regiment. They scouted country 2 miles south of Oxford; encountered and chased about 60 rebel cavalry. Failed to find out anything about movements of enemy.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 38. December 30, 1862.

I. The three divisions will occupy the ground now held, keeping the front picket line close up to the bayou and toward Vicksburg. All but the pickets and supports will retire to near the effective range of canister and form line parallel to the county road from Vicksburg to Haines'

