
General Denver will detail one regiment to remain behind, the colonel of which be in command and be charged with guarding the railroad bridge and camps. The chief of artillery will designate a section of artillery to remain at Moscow, and be at the disposal of the commanding officer.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Number 123. Memphis, Tenn., June 29, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. Arrests being frequently made on representations of citizens, who afterward decline to appear to give evidence or to furnish names of witnesses to substantiate the charges, it is directed that hereafter in all such cases the prisoner be released and the party causing the arrest be confined or banished from the city, as the case may seem to require. The circulation of unfounded rumors through the city, now so prevalent, being calculated to create uneasiness and fear in the minds of the citizens, will hereafter be prohibited. The provost-marshal will in such cases arrest the parties guilty of violating this order and place them outside our lines, with directions to treat them as spies if ever taken within them thereafter. In all cases where persons are placed outside the lines under this order an accurate description of the person will be recorded in the office of the provost-marshal.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Number 107. Moscow, June 29, 1862.

General Hurlbut will take temporary command force of the regiments and detachments of General McClernand's force at Grand Junction. He will designate one regiment and a section of artillery to guard the Junction. He will also send one regiment and a section of artillery to remain at La Grange. With the balance of his force, leaving behind the sick and those unable to march, he will, with five or six days' rations and light wagons trains-leaving behind tents and all baggage except the soldiers' blankets, axes, and intrenching tools and ammunition-march about 2 p.m. of the 30th instant toward Holly Springs, reaching Coldwater by 8 a.m. Tuesday, where he will effect a junction with the Third [Fifth] Division and proceed in concert with it against Holly Springs.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 29, 1862.-For General Orders, Number 38, Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, of this date, in reference to main facilities, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p.74.]

