
CORINTH, June 30, 1862-8 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of 26th [27th] is just received. I much regret to lose Pope from this department, but cannot object to his receiving a higher command; but I must protest against the transfer of General Schuyler Hamilton and General Granger unless on their own application or with the object of promotion. I think the former deserves promotion for his operations at New Madrid and Island Number 10.

The sending of new, inexperienced, and inefficient officers to this department had already had a very injurious effect. I am from their rank obliged to assign them to brigades and divisions which have been organized and a long time commanded by others. This creates great dissatisfaction both among the officers and men. In one case this has already amounted almost to a mutiny.

I most respectfully request that a few such transfers be made as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of Waf:

Your telegram of the 28th is just received, but it is so imperfect that parts of it cannot be deciphered till repeated. The object, however, is understood, and measures will be immediately taken to carry it out. The condition of the river and railroads in Tennessee and the want of rolling-stock will render the movement very slow. Cavalry cannot be sent, and it will be exceedingly difficult to transport artillery with horses and guns there, or shall I send infantry only? I think under the circumstances the Chattanooga expedition had better be abandoned, or, at least, be diminished; if not, I doubt our ability to hold West Tennessee after detaching so large a force as that called for. I will telegraph more in detail as soon as your telegram is repeated, as I cannot understand parts of it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1862-3 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

Your telegram of this date just received. The Chattanooga expedition must not on any account be given up. The President regards that and the movement against East Tennessee as one of the most important movements of the war, and its occupation nearly as important as the capture of Richmond. He is not pleased with the tardiness of the movement toward Chattanooga, and directs that no force be sent here if you cannot do it without breaking up the operations against that point and East Tennessee. Infantry only are needed; our cavalry and artillery are strong enough. The first reports from Richmond were more discouraging than the truth warranted. If the advantage is not on our side it is balanced. General McClellan has moved his whole force on to the line of the James River, and is supported there by our gunboats:

