
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 2, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES, Columbus, Ky.:

You must use your best discretion about the number of troops to be retained at Columbus, until you can communicate further with General Grant. Columbus and its stores must be well guarded.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DIST. OF COLUMBUS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Columbus, Ky., January 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RAWLINS:

SIR: The order received from Major-General Grant, as regards sending troops to Memphis, shall be complied with as soon as transportation can be furnished.

Very respectfully,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

McPHERSON'S, January 2, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Scout just in from Grenada and confirms report that a considerable portion of the force there has gone south, though those remaining are still fortifying. No attempts have been made to repair the railroad this side of Grenada, and only sufficient repairs on the dirt roads to facilitate the passage of cavalry. Van Dorn is very popular since his return, and the report is that his forces are concentrating near Pontotoc for another movement. Hatch says there has been a regiment of rebel cavalry near Rocky Ford, but nothing more, he thinks. He has sent out four companies of cavalry to reconnoiter. The whole country is full of small parties hovering near our lines to pick up stragglers and watch our movements. I sent scouts in the direction of Panola yesterday morning, but they have not returned.

JAS B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

BOLIVAR, January 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All possible vigilance will be used. I have only 45 mounted men, not enough for pickets, and will rely on infantry.

Colonel Mizner, with the Third Michigan Cavalry; passed toward Jackson this morning. Richardon's band of guerrillas is west of here, 300 strong. I want cavalry very much; our defenses are strong, and Bolivar is safe, but I wish to clear the neighborhood.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

