
coming here? I require them very much. I am taking measures to clean out the country from here to Memphis of all guerrillas. If it cannot be done in any other way I will be compelled to take and destroy the last bushel of grain between the Hatchie and the Tallahatchie, and all the stock. I will make it the interest of the citizens to leave our lines of communications unmolested.

Sullivan has whipped Forrest and entirely broken up his band. He has killed and wounded great numbers; captured over 400 prisoners, all their train, several wagon loads of small-arms, six pieces of artillery, over 500 horses, and recaptured much of the clothing and other property taken from our posts that surrendered.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.*] HOLLY SPRINGS, January 2, 1863.

Stockade must be built at every military post or station. A cavalry raid under Van Dorn may be looked for any day and must be resisted. He is now concentrating his force of cavalry at Pontotoc. Notify every officer of your command to be ready and on the alert.

Acknowledge receipt of this order.

U. S. GRANT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Numbers 2. Holly Springs, Miss., January 2, 1863.

* * * * * *

VI. A court of inquiry is hereby appointed, to meet in Holly Springs, Miss., on Monday, the 5th day of January, A. D. 1863, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to inquire into and investigate the allegations and charges against the One hundred and ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers mentioned in Paragraph IV of Special Orders, Numbers 58, of date December 31, 1862, from these headquarters.#

Detail for the court.

Lieutenant Colonel De Witt C. Loudon, Seventieth Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel Albert Heath, One hundredth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel Solomon D. Kempton, Twelfth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers.

Major Henry H. Giesy, Forty-sixth Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers. Major John M. Berkey, Ninety-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers.

No other officers than these can be assembled without manifest injury to the service.

The court will sit without regard to hours.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*To every commander at all military posts at every station between Grand Junction and Memphis.

#See p. 511 and General Orders, Numbers 12, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Tenn., Feb'y 1, 1863, post.

---------------

