
Colonel Hatch has three companies of cavalry at Chulahoma, and I have directed him to send two companies more to the same point, and then to move from there up to the south and west of Chulahoma.

JAS B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI RIVER EXPEDITION,Steamer Tigress, January 4, 1863-11 a.m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Second Army Corps, Dept. of West Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the copy of a communication from Major General U. S. Grant, bearing date of the 18th December, 1862,* but only received by me at Memphis on the 29th.

The communication, as you will perceive, requires me to take command of all the land forces of every kind forming the Mississippi River Expedition, and to receive from you all written and verbal instructions given by him in the connection, which he accordingly directs to be turned over to me.

General Orders, Numbers 1, a copy whereof is also herewith inclosed, is based upon the same communication, as well as others received direct from Washington, and explains itself.

May I ask of you the favor that you will communicate the instructions called for, and all useful and desirable information respecting the present organizing and strength of the forces with you?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding Mississippi River Expedition.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Steamer Tigress, Milliken's Bend, La.,

Numbers 1. January 4, 1863-11 a.m.

I. Major General John A. McClernand, in pursuance of an order to that effect by the General-in-Chief of the Army of the United States, communicated to him by Major General U. S. Grant, commanding the Department of the Tennessee, this day assumes command of such troops of the First and Second Army Corps of the said department as constitute the "Mississippi River Expedition" to be designated the "Army of the Mississippi."

II. Major General W. T. Sherman will continue in the command of the Second Army Corps, which will form the right wing of the Army of the Mississippi, and Brigadier General G. W. Morgan, the senior officer in the First Army Corps, will assume command of the latter, which will form the left wing of the army.

III. All unauthorized interference with private property is prohibited, and offenders must be immediately punished.

IV. All firing of arms, except under competent orders, is prohibited and offenders must be punished.

V. Straggling from the ranks upon the march or in battle must be prevented, and force must be employed for that purpose if it should become necessary.

---------------

*See p. 425.

---------------

