
VI. The infantry will carry 40 rounds of ammunition in their cartridge-boxes and 20 more, when going into action, on their persons; and the men of all arms will keep on hand at least two days' cooked rations while on the move in the presence of or near the enemy.

VII. No transports will be allowed to leave the fleet except with the permission of the general commanding the army.

VIII. Neither officers nor soldiers will be permitted during an engagement to fall out of the ranks and to care for the wounded. Musicians, and, if necessary, details made for that purpose, will be assigned for that duty, such persons to wear a white badge on the left arm above the elbow as a distinction.

IX. Commanders of army corps will forward to these headquarters without delay full and complete statements of the forces composing their commands; also of the means of land transportation, the number of intrenching tools, quantity of ammunition, and all other information relating to the condition and efficiency of their commands.

Commanders of army corps will see that these orders are fully and faithfully executed.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand, commanding Army of the Mississippi.

A. SCHWARTZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, January 4, 1863.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS, Holly Springs:

The trouble is transportation. Have telegraphed to Saint Louis; none to be had. One regiment will leave in the morning on the Swallow. I am stopping all boats, up and down, as fast as they arrive to send troops as ordered. They will go as soon as boats can be had.

One battery left this morning.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 12. Milliken's Bend, La., January 4, 1863.

Pursuant to the terms of General Orders, Numbers 1, made this day by Major-General McClernand, the title of our army ceases, to exist, and constitutes in the future the "Army of the Mississippi," composed of two army corps, one to be commanded by Brigadier General G. W. Morgan and the other by myself.

In relinquishing command of the right wing of the Army of the Tennessee, and restricting my authority to my own corps, I desire to express to all commanders, to the soldiers and officers recently operating before Vicksburg, my hearty thanks for the zeal, alacrity, and courage manifested by them on all occasions. We failed in accomplishing one great purpose of our movement-the capture of Vicksburg-but we were but a part of a whole. Ours was but one part of a combined movement, in which others were to assist. We were on time; unforeseen contingencies must have delayed the others.

We have destroyed the Shreveport road; we have attacked the defenses of Vicksburg, and pushed the attack as far as prudence would justify; and having found it too strong for our single column, we have drawn off in good order and in good spirits, ready for any new move.

A new commander is now here to lead you. He is chosen by the

