
and three pieces of artillery at a suitable point on the right or west bank of the river and near and below the Post, under instructions to ascend the right bank (beyond the reach of the enemy's guns on the opposite shore) to a point on the river above the Post, giving control of the river.

6th. Skirmishers should in all cases precede the movements herein ordered. Cavalry detachments should be sent out in different directions to reconnoiter the country. Reserves should be kept to the rear of the investing line ready to be moved to any point in case the enemy should venture to make a sortie, and to every battery of light artillery a company of infantry should be detailed for the purpose of protecting it and assisting in its advance.

7th. Having completed the investment according to the plan indicated, the enemy will be equally cut off from re-enforcements and escape, and must, together with his works and all his munitions of war, become a capture to our arms.

By order of John A. McClernand, major-general commanding:

A. SCHWARTZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, January 5, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Six of my regiments are now returning from pursuit of Forrest across the river. Colonel Fuller's brigade is ordered to report to Corinth. Three regiments will be at Trenton to-day that will also be forwarded to Corinth. My line of road has been guarded all the time, but when I send the regiments belonging to Ross' division away I will be very short. There are plenty of men at Columbus that can be ordered here. The six regiments mentioned above have been ordered to Bethel; from there to Corinth.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,

Numbers 1. Steamer Forest Queen, January 5, 1863.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Second Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi, and announces its organization as follows:

W. T. SHERMAN, major-general, commanding.

J. H. HAMMOND, assistant-general and chief of staff.

EZRA TAYLOR, major and chief of artillery.

W. D. SANGER, major and inspector-general.

CHARLES McMILLAN, medical director.

JAMES C. McCOY, captain and aide-de-camp.

JOHN T. TAYLOR, captain and aide-de-camp.

LEWIS M. DAYTON, captain and aide-de-camp.

J. CONDIT SMITH, captain and chief quartermaster.

CHARLES A. MORTON, captain and chief commissary of subsistence.

W. L. B. JENNEY, captain, Engineer Corps.

O. H. HOWARD, captain, Signal Corps.

JULIUS PITZMAN, captain Topographical Engineers.

KILIAN FRICK, lieutenant, Topographical Engineers.

J. C. NEELY, captain, and ordnance officer.

