
and examined the contents and then left, saying, "Go on with your d-d secession b-." This was reported to General Mitchell, but he took no measures to punish it.

Your order excluding negroes from the lines was recently recalled to the troops of that brigade by an order from General Quinby. When the order arrived General Mitchell was absent, and Lieutenant-Colonel Anthony, commanding Seventh Kansas, was temporarily in command of the brigade.

Colonel Anthony had the order read at dress-parade, and then another of his own, threatening punishment to any officer or soldier who should dare to obey yours, and when General Mitchell returned he took no notice of it, so that Anthony's order still stands on the books of the brigade as law. He himself boasted of this to me a few days ago. On Tuesday night, June 24, 1862, a party of cavalry soldiers belonging to Mitchell's brigade-his were the only troops in the vicinity-went to the house of a widow lady, residing not far from this place, Mrs. Emily Tyree. They demanded admittance, but before her son could rise and open the door they burst it open; they then demanded her money, speaking in a most abusive and insulting manner. She gave them all she had, and then they searched the wardrobe for more. Leaving the house they told her that if she informed of the affair they would return and burn her son and herself to death in her own house. They then went to a field and took two horses, all she had, and drove them off.

I believe it was the same night that a party roused the family of a Mr. Harper, residing about 5 miles from this place. They ordered him to open the door and demanded his money. He had $500, which he gave them. After abusing his daughter with rough language they departed.

A Mr. Davis, of this town, one of the oldest citizens and a staunch, outspoken Union man from the beginning, had three valuable negroes taken from him by Jennison's men when they were through here.

I beg leave to submit these plain statements of facts which have come under my own observation within the last two weeks.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

B. P. CHENOWITH,

Captain First Kanasas and Provost-Marshal.

MEMPHIS, June 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

A gentleman from Arkansas, who has just made his escape from there and came up on one of our gunboats, says that "General Curtis has lost several foraging parties; the Texas Rangers take no prisoners; thinks the rebel force on White River cannot be less than 5,000 or 6,000; it is estimated by citizens as more than double that number. The troops from Little Rock have all been brought over to the White River; there are some Louisiana troops, between 1,000 and 2,000 from Missouri, four or five regiments Texas Rangers, and a large number of Arkansas conscripts; the number of the latter is estimated very large and increasing daily."

I seriously doubt the force under Colonel Fitch, about 2,200, being sufficient to effect a junction with General Curtis; he cannot be re-enforced from here without the troops coming from elsewhere. Bands of cotton-burners are now within 12 or 15 miles of here, destroying everything and arresting citizens favorable to the Union. I keep the little

