
III. The title of this corps d'armee will be the Second Army Corps of the Army of the Mississippi until it is constituted one of the series for the whole army of the United States. When such is announced in General Orders from the Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., then it will take its new title without other changes.

By order of Major W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 2. Holly Springs, Miss., January 5, 1863.

I. The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Lauman commanding, will remain to garrison the post of Holly Springs until further orders.

The Third Brigade of the Fourth Division, Colonel A. K. Johnson commanding, will be stationed at Waterford until all the Government stores are removed, when it will rejoin the division at Holly Springs.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOSCOW, January 6, 1863.

General McARTHUR:

Rebel cavalry force of 2,000 or 3,000 is reported camped last night at Tallaloosa, 10 miles west of Holly Springs. They are reported to be on near Colliersville or Germantown. If at all, attack will probably be made to-morrow morning. Some artillery is reported. Will you send messengers immediately with the intelligence to all points? Answer.

A. L. LEE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

JACKSON, January 6, 1863.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have had Colonel Mizner out in that direction for three days, and intend to keep him there.

I am so completely enveloped with roaming squads of rebel cavalry that it is almost impossible to get courier through. Colonel Lawler has orders to watch movements closely, and in case the force is too large to fall back slowly until I can re-enforce him.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, January 6, 1863.

General GRANT:

Lieutenant Hart, of the Tennessee Cavalry, reports to me that Buckner and Cheatham are crossing the river at Saltillo and Shannonville. The report of General Rosecrans whipping Bragg is received from same source and that this portion of the rebels made their way to the river. Had I not better hold my troops here and re-enforce Corinth, if it should be attacked? I sent off to General Dodge to-day one regiment.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

