
HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., January 6, 1863.

Colonel W. W. LOWE, Fort Henry, Tenn.:

There are said to be large numbers of flat-boats and other craft for crossing the Tennessee River hid away at the mouth of streams emptying into the Tennessee. You will therefore please request the gunboats, which are reported to be up the river, to use every means for their destruction, that the enemy may be prevented from crossing into West Tennessee and Kentucky. They should proceed up the river as far as the water will permit.

Answer if you are in communication with the gunboats and their whereabouts.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, [Ill., January 6, 1863]-6 p.m.

General GRANT:

Two light-draught gunboats have gone up Cumberland River as soon voys for supplies for Rosecrans. Two have orders to ascend Tennessee River with rise. The fifth is disabled and now undergoing repair. I have no others to send. They are only bullet-proof.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain of Station.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., January 6, 1863.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON, La Grange, Tenn.:

Nothing from Corinth to-day. Rosecrans has whipped Bragg badly at Murfreesborough and forced him to fall back. Probably Van Dorn is going there. Sullivan telegraphs that rebels are crossing the Tennessee again. I can hardly think it. The Tennessee is now up and the naval commander at Cairo says there are several gunboats up the river.

I do not know what day I will be going to Memphis. You can go there, or as soon as other troops arrive to replace Ross' division, which will be to-morrow. Let Lee clear Richardson out if he can.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Steamer Tigress, January 6, 1863.

Rear-Admiral PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi River Flotilla:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to transmit for your information a copy of the instructions* communicated to the general commanding the two army corps of the Army of the Mississippi.

I am, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHWARTZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found. Probably copy of instructions on p. 537.

---------------

