
CROSSING OF THE PIGEON ROOST AND M. AND C. R. R.,

January 6, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Holly Springs, Miss.:

GENERAL: There is a continuous stream of wagons loaded with cotton coming from Mississippi over the Pigeon Roost road, taking out on their return all sorts of supplies, the owners acknowledging themselves to be disloyal. This think is so manifestly wrong that I have taken the responsibility of stopping and sending back all cotton in the hands of the original owners who cannot produce satisfactory proofs of loyalty.

It is reported to me that buyers in Memphis are paying specie for cotton.

I hope you will sustain me in this course, which to me seems vital to our cause.

I. F. QUINBY,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Numbers 6. Holly Springs, Miss., January 6, 1863.

* * * * * *

XI. Major General S. A. Hurlbut is relieved from duty at Memphis, Tenn., and will assume command of the Sixteenth Army Corps.

XII. Brigadier General James C. Veatch is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Memphis, and will immediately proceed to Memphis, Tenn., and assume command accordingly.

XIII. Brigadier General A. Asboth is hereby relieved from duty at Memphis, Tenn., and will report in person without delay to these headquarters for orders.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 7, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Holly Springs, Miss.:

Give us the earliest possible information of affairs at Vicksburg, as movement of troops here depends upon the capture of that place.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 7, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Holly Springs, Miss.:

Richmolnd papers of the 5th and 6th say that Sherman has been defeated and repulsed from Vicksburg. Every possible effort must be made to re-enforce him. We cannot communicate with Banks, but he has been urged to lose no time in co-operating. Curtis has been directed to give you all he can spare. Take everything you can dispense with in Tennessee and Mississippi. We must not fail in this if within human power to accomplish it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

