
HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., January 7, 1863-6 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

All supplies not taken from the country are now brought from Memphis. Think it advisable to complete railroad to Columbus to get rolling-stock on this side and possibly to hold it for short time. Am throwing large supply of subsistence into Corinth. With use of two or three light-draught gunboats the Tennessee can be used. Nothing from Sherman since last dispatch. Will be ready to re-enforce him from Memphis if necessary. Will move heavy artillery from east bank of river. Is Helena, Ark., in my department? Can have troops at Corinth to operate from there soon as supplies can possibly be got there.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., January 7, 1863.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

I am now sending re-enforcements to you. Will it not be practicable for you when you get them to drive Roddey to the north bank of the river and destroy his boats?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

JACKSON, January 7, 1863.

Colonel RAWLINS:

The following dispatch just received from commanding officer at Bethel:

A man just from Florence, Ala., reports that Roddey has raised the steamboat Dunbar, sunk by our gunboats last winter, and is trying to fix up her engines; also that Kirby Smith's command crossed the river about there last week, going to re-enforce Price. He is vouched for as a Union man and one that is reliable.

W. W. SANFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, Holly Springs, Miss., January 7, 1863.

Colonel GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: It is reported that there is a force of rebel cavalry on the Pigeon Roost road, from 7 to 15 miles from here, estimated at several hundred. I do not really believe the report, but there is undoubtedly some cavalry in that direction, and I think it would be well for a portion of your force, say two battalions, to make a scout in that direction as soon as possible, striking the Pigeon Roost road west of Tallaloosa and then coming in to this place. The balance of your command, with the exception of scouts and patrols necessary to watch the country, north of the Tallahatchie, will move back here with Colonel Johnson's brigade. Send one of your staff officers in advance and I will show him where you will camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

