
near Vicksburg and the reinspiration of the forces repulsed by making them the champions of new, important, and successful enterprises.

6th. The intense desire of all worthy officers and men to be usefully employed.

I will dispatch officers on transports from this place for additional supplies of quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. The same transports will bear all who were wounded near Vicksburg in our hands to the hospital above.

I expect, after completing any operations undertaken in Arkansas unless otherwise directed, to return with my command to a point on the Mississippi. River near Vicksburg, and direct my attention to the following objects: The seizure of Monroe, on the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad, and, if possible, New Carthage, on the Mississippi, below Vicksburg, and some point on the Red River; also to the practicability of isolating Vicksburg by opening another channel for the Mississippi.

Having been en route on their transports since starting from Milliken's Bend, and my taking command, I have been unable to obtain, and consequently am unable to furnish, reports of the strength and condition of my forces. I will do this at the earliest practicable moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Steamer Tigress, January 8, 1863.

Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi River Flotilla:

ADMIRAL: Will you please inform me when you are ready to move? I will also inform you when the transports will move.

By order of Major General J. A. McClernand:

W. STEWART,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Steamer Tigress, January 8, 1863.

Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: The signal officer to whom you refer has left. I will first send you word when my command is ready to move and afterward fire a signal gun; upon the doing of which, you leading off, I will follow with the transports, convoyed by your gunboats, according to the arrangements indicated by your General Orders, Numbers 30.

If you think it unsafe for the fleet to run all night I will stop with you at the cut-off; otherwise I would prefer to run to-night and arrive at the Post in the morning.

I will follow your example and proceed or stop, as you may deem it best.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

