
sent down the Mississippi? It is of vital importance that the army against Vicksburg be re-enforced as rapidly as possible. It is expected that you will use every exertion to accomplish that object. All our paroled prisoners taken to December 10 are declared exchanged. Get them back to their regiments in the field as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in -Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. MCCLEARNED,

Commanding Expedition on Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Since General Sherman left here I been unable to learn anything official from the expedition which you now command. Your wants and requirements all have to ge guessed at. I am prepared to re-enforce you immediately with one division from my old command, one brigade from General Curtis, and one brigade coming from General Wright's command. I can also further re-enforce you with one more division from my old command besides sending all other troops that come to me from elsewhere.

This expedition must not fail. If there is force enough within the limits of my control to secure a certain victory at Vicksburg they will be sent there. But I want to be advised of what has been done, what there is to contend against, and estimate of what is required. I take it for granted that ordnance stores, rations, &amp;c., will be required for the command now with you in addition to what they now have, and to a full supply for all re-enforcements.

I would like to have a full report immediately for my guidance as to what is to be done.

Troops are ass ambling here and all transports coming into port are being detained. If you have any not required for the troops with you release them and let them come up here.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 10, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Vicksburg Expedition:

In sending re-enforcements to you, gunboats will be required to convoy them. They cannot be obtained at Cairo. Please request Admiral Porter, if practicable, to detach boats from his fleet for that purpose.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 10, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Fleet:

I send Colonel Bissell, of Engineer Regiment of the West, to report to you for the purpose of surveying the ground and determining the practicability of reopening the canal across the tongue of land opposite

