
&amp;c. It is agreed that proceed up the Arkansas, and that I proceed up the White River, each having some naval forces.

General McClernand designs to go entirely up to Little Rock, and I shall go to Devall's Bluff, and perhaps send some force as high as Jacksonport, on White River. If the fog does not prevent I will enter White River day after to-morrow (the 12th), at daylight.

McClearned will have 32,000 infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and forty or more pieces of artillery. I will have 10,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and 30 pieces of artillery.

I will send of the cavalry force 1,500 by land from Helena to Saint Charles and Clarendon if it is possible for them to get through, but they will have to go without transportation. They will take five days' rations for the men in their haversacks and rely upon the country for forage for their horses. It is utterly impracticable to send teams.

Colonel Colburn will give you further detailed particulars. I shall try to communicate with Schofield.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 10. Memphis, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General S. C. Hamilton is hereby assigned to the command of the Sixteenth Army Corps, Department of the Tennessee, and will relieve Major General S. A. Hurlbut, to enable him to take the benefit of a leave of absence this day granted him.

* * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 11, 1863-3.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General McClernand has fallen back to White River, and gone on a wild-goose chase to the Post of Arkansas. I am ready to ready to re-enforce, but must await further information before knowing what to do.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

Major-General McCLERNAND,

Commanding Expedition on Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Unless absolutely necessary for the object of your expedition you will abstain from all moves not connected with it.

I do not approve of your move on the Post of Arkansas while the other is in obeyance. It will lead to the loss of men without a result. So long as Arkansas cannot re-enforce the enemy east of the river we have no present interest in troubling them. It might answer for some

