
of the purposes you suggest, but certainly not as a military movement looking to the accomplishment of the one great result, the capture of Vicksburg.

Unless you are acting under authority not derived from me keep your command where it can soonest be assembled for the renewal of the attack on Vicksburg.

Major-General Banks has orders from Washington to co-operate in the reduction of Vicksburg, and if not already off that place may be daily expected. You will therefore keep your forces well, in hand at some point on the Mississippi River, where you can communicate with General Banks on his arrival. Should you learn, before you have an opportunity of communicating with him, that he is making an attack on Vicksburg move at move at once to support. Every effort must be directed to the reduction of that place.

From the best information I have, Milliken's Bend is the proper place for you to be, and unless there is some great reason of which I am not advised you will immediately proceed to that point and await the arrival of re-enforcements and General Banks' expedition, keeping me fully advised of your movements.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, January 11, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

The head of General Lauman's division entered Moscow 6 p. m., and the advance of the ammunition and quartermaster train reached this place at 6.30.

I directed the train-master at Grand Junction yesterday to send train to Hudsonville and Lamar Stampton to bring away the cotton, &amp;c. I sent orders to the troops and guards along the road to fall back and join their commands as soon as all the property was removed. Every-thing worked well to-day, and no delay except from the heaviness of the roads. There were no houses burned in Holly Springs that were occupied and only two or three of any importance, though a good many small frames and stables were destroyed.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 11. Memphis, Tenn, January 11, 1863.

I. Brigadier General A. Asboth is hereby relieved from duty at memphis, Tenn., and will proceed without delay to Columbus, Ky., and relieve Brigadier General T. A. Davies in the command of the District of Columbus.

II. Brigadier General A. T. Davies is hereby relieved from duty in the District of Columbia and will turn over the command of the same to Brigadier General A. Asboth and report in writing to the Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C., for orders.

* * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

