
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 12, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Memphis, Tenn.:

You are hereby authorized to relieve General McClernand from command of the-expedition against Vicksburg, giving it to the next in rank or taking it yourself.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MEMPHIS, TENN, January 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General GORMAN,

Commanding Helena, Ark.:

The following dispatch is at your discretion:

"Brigadier General W. A. GORMAN, Helena, Ark.:

"Continue to regard the Vicksburg move of primary importance. Let all other moves delay if deemed necessary. Send boats and men for that object but do not weaken Helena so as to endanger the position.

"SAML. R. CURTIS,

"Major-General."

You will therefore, in accordance with the spirit of the above dispatch, please send forward to report to the commanding officer of the expedition against Vicksburg every available man that can be spared from your command, keeping in view the safety of Helena. General Banks been ordered from Washington to co-operate in the reduction of Vicksburg, and I have sent orders to the expedition from here to repair to a point on the Mississippi River where communication can most likely be had with General Banks on his arrival.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

JACKSON, January 12, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I have driven Richardson across the Hatchie, taking a number of prisoners. A regiment of cavalry sent toward Somerville can head him off.

HER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, January 12, 1863.

General DODGE:

Colonel Wood is in command at Benton. He is so good an officer that I cannot fill his place, and it is absolutely necessary to have a good man at that place for a short time. I have three regiments here that I hold by order of General Grant that will be forwarded you if necessary.

I whipped Richardson yesterday, destroyed his ferry, and have a number of prisoners. I can hear of no band of guerrillas in my district. Sherman was compelled to fall back from Vicksburg; our loss, 1,100 killed and wounded.

