HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Post Arkansas, January 13, 1863.

Major J. H. HAMMOND,

A. A. G., Second Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: General McClernand directs me to inquire of you by what authority you call the Second Army Corps of the Army of the Mississippi the "Fifteenth Army Corps," and he wishes also to be informed why you make a distinction between General Sherman's army corps and General McClernand's well knowing that General Morgan is in command of the First Army Corps.

You will confer a favor upon me by immediately stating your authority.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHWARTZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 4. Post Arkansas, January 13, 1863.

This corps will make preparation to re-embark on the transports as near as possible at the place where we landed, viz, just below Notrib's farm.

General Stecle will move his command back to that point by the route he came, leaving one regiment on picket to destroy the cantonment now held by him when he received written orders from General Sherman to that effect he will also leave a regiment to destroy the enemy's rifle-pits from our extreme right toward our left.

General Stuart will move his division back along the river bank, leaving one regiment as a picket and working party, to report to Captain Jenney, of the Engineers, who is charged with the destruction of the rifle-pits carried by our carps. This work should be done by night and all details called in and assembled at the point of embarkation. The boats will be ordered to drop down to their places as soon as the new assignment is complete.

Wagons, horses, and all camp equipage will be put on board to-night, and the men embarked at daylight to-morrow ready to make a new move.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 14, 1863-12.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I learn by special messenger sent to the fleet in Arkansas that it will be fifteen days before they can act efficiently again. I had hoped to get off early next week, but will have to defer until all things are ready. I will go down to the fleet in a day or two, and by consultation with McClernand, Sherman, and Porter will have a better understanding of matters than I now have. McClernand is now, I believe, moving on Devall's Blusff. Orders have been sent him to assemble his forces on the Mississippi, convenient to co-operate with any force that may be coming up the river.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

