
Having previously communicate my opinion as to the most feasible plan for the reduction of Vicksburg I will not enlarge upon that subject now.

I find that our success here is more extensive than I at first supposed. So soon as the corps commanders send in their reports, which will probably be soon, I will forward to you a formal report of our operations in advancing upon and reducing the Post. Herewith you will find an approximate estimate of the strength of my command, based upon the reports of corps commanders, which, as the troops are most of the time moving upon the transports, cannot be correct. I will send an accurate statement as soon as it can be obtained.

On December 31, 1862, the number of enlisted men was 27,480; the aggregate, 31,753; deduct from this our loss at Vicksburg and Post of Arkansas, say about 2,000 and there remains an aggregate of about 29,753.

Admiral Porter informs me this very moment that there are two gunboats at Memphis, one of which is ready to convoy the troops down here when you are ready to send them.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Old Post Arkansas, January 14, 1863.

Brigadier General W. A. GORMAN, Commanding:

GENERAL: I ascended White River on the 9th instant and on the 11th carried this Post. The results are that about 5,000 prisoners, 17 guns stores in large quanties have fallen into our hands. The forces that were at Saint Charles were captured here.

My orders from Major-General Grant require me at once to go to Napoleon, but I shall delay a day or two in order to threaten Little Rock and Pine Bluff as a diversion in your favor.

I sent out yesterday my cavalry toward Saint Charles, under Colonel Stewart.

The road at Prairie Landing is quite passable and also that to Saint Charles. I send this by express up White River, and ask you to immediately sent to Napoleon, or wherever I may be, General Fisk, with his command, as it is of vital importance that he join me at once.

I am, dear general, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,January 14, 1863-9.45 a. m.

Major General WILLIAM. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You favor of this date* is this moment received. The numbers given to the two army corps composing my present command were given pursuantly to information which I communicated to you verbally in advance. That information was a letter of instruction from Major-General Grant, commanding Department of the Tennessee, of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

