
It is not improbable that orders from General Grant will control the movements of our forces when we reached the Mississippi River. I may say, however, that I advised General Grant, upon my taking command, that I would return from this place to a point near Vicksburg unless he should otherwise order, and that one of my object in so doing would be to cut the enemy's communications by the Red River.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 9. Post Arkansas, January 14, 1863.

In accordance, with General Orders, Numbers 210, issued by order of the Secretary of War, from the Adjutant General's Office, Washington, December 18, 1862, the army corps of Major-General McClernand, at present commanded by Brigadier General George W. Morgan, will constitute and be know as the Thirteenth Army Corps of United States forces, and the army corps commanded by Major General W. T. Sherman will constitute and be known as the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

A. SCHWARTZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 15, 1863-2.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I will send McArthur's division (all I have transports for) immediately join the expedition on Vicksburg; send Logan's in a few days, and hold Quinby ready to embark when called for; abandon the railroad road north from Jackson at once, and move the machine-shop and public stores from that place here, and hold at the troops from Grand Junction around the railroad to Corinth in readiness to be placed on the line from here east. I will go down and take McPherson, leaving Hamilton to command and carry out instructions for those changes in the old District of West Tennessee.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

ADAMSVILLE, January 15, 1863.

General DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: The raised 4 feet last night; that leaves it now about 12 feet above low-water mark. No boats as yet, on account of the had weather, and having no tents or no houses to put up in I was compelled to fullback to Adamsville, where I could get house-room and forage. I will move back to Pittsburg Landing as soon as the tents come or the wheater gets favorable. I am informed that there are about 200 guerrillas back of Savannah and about 800 at the Red Sulphur Springs; the latter I don't credit. Have you ever heard from General Grant in regard to the balance of those of those four companies that are with me? I am informed that the greater part of the troops across the river are ordered to meet Bragg at Chattanooga.

Yours, truly,

W. K. M. BRECKINRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First West Tennessee Cavalry.

