
XVI. All axes, spades, and other tools in the hands of troops must be careful preserved and taken along for such exigencies a may occur.

XVII. Troops designated to go south will take with them five wagons to each regiment and one to each company of artillery, one wagon in addition for each brigade and division commander. Two ambulances will be allowed to each regiment. The balance of trains will be turned over to such quartermaster as Colonel Reynolds, chief quartermaster, may designate to receive them.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 16, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I was just starting down the river to join the Mississippi expedition when I met some steamers loaded with prisoners, ordered by Major-General Sherman to Saint Louis. I find no dispatches to myself,and do not know what there may be directed to yourself. As I am leaving Memphis and can make no orders for the disposal of these prisoners I hope you will have the kindness to take charge f them and communicate with the General-in-Chief as to their final disposition. You can state stay the last prisoners sent to Vicksburg were refused by the Southern commander there. I have received instructions from Washington that no more commissioned officers are to be paroled. This, I presume, is in retaliation for a course pursued by Southern authorities toward our prisoners.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S.- The probable reason the last prisoners were not received at Vicksburg was in consequence of the attack having commenced before their arrival. I am opposed to sending any more troops to Vicksburg just at this time, however, if I knew they would be received, because they would go at once to re-enforce the very point we wish to reduce.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Post Arkansas, January 16, 1863 .

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: Herewith I have taken the liberty to transmit a copy of a communication to General Grant.

I believe my success here is gall and wormwood to the clique of West Pointers who have been persecuting me for months. How can you expect success when men controlling the military destinies of the country are more chagrined at the success of your volunteer officers than the very enemy beaten by the latter in battle? Something must be done

