HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn., January 16, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Memphis:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of orders assigning me to the command of a portion of the forces to operate against Vicksburg. I cannot express to you the gratification it gives, me and I shall most assuredly do my utmost to merit your confidence.

I shall leave here as soon as General Logan's division is on the march probably to-morrow, as General Lauman was ordered last night to move forthwith. The roads, however, are in a horrible condition and the movements will necessarily by slow. But as Logan and his whole division are keen to go they will move to Memphis as rapidly as circumstances will admit.

I intend to send out a cavalry expedition this morning to try and break up the querrillas in north and west of Somerville, as they could be tracked to their place of rendezvous, but the roads are so very bad and the horses ball up so badly with snow that they cannot travel. I was forced to abandon it for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 5. Memphis, Tenn., January 16, 1863.

Hereafter there shall be collected by provost-marshals for secret-service and hospital fund the following fees:

For each permit to buy cotton at any military post, whether as principal or agent, $ 100.

For each permit to trade at any military post where trade is not regulated by the civil authorities, $100.

The amount thus collected shall be reported and paid over by each local provost-marshall to the provost-marshal of his district at the time of making his weekly report, and by district provost-marshals reported and paid over to the provost-marshal-general at the time of making their semi-monthly report.

The provost-marshal-general will pay over said find to the chief quartermaster of the department who will hold the same subject to the order of the general commanding the department.

Each local provost-marshal will keep a duplicate of all permits granted under his order, and will state in his reports the name and residence of the party obtaining the permit and the date thereof.

All permits heretofore granted will be considered revoked and the parties required to comply with the terms of this order.

This order is not to be construed to remove any restrictions imposed by previous orders.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 1. Memphis, Tenn., January 16, 1863.

I. In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 15, Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, January 15, 1863, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of West Tennessee.

