
brigade will be kept temporarily on this side of the Hatchie River as an outpost and communication kept with it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

I have sent a copy of the commanding general's dispatch directing the recall of Hamilton's forces, in case I am satisfied there is no large rebel force at Holly Springs, to that general, with orders for him to return if he still continues satisfied that their is no rebel force there. He will be at Salem to-night. Dispatch just received, dated this morning, has nothing new or different from what has already been reported from Holly Springs.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

I report the following for the information of the commanding general:

Murphy's brigade left yesterday afternoon, as ordered, for Ripley. Colonel Sheridan, from the front, reports that Perkins, railroad engineer, formerly of Corinth, direct from Mobile, with lady from Columbus, just reached his camp, says: The enemy all at Tupelo. Breckinridge's division gone to Vicksburg. Beauregard in Mobile, resigned. Advanced guards 2 miles south of Guntown. Two regiments of cavalry at Saltillo; one more in advance of that. General Villepigue is on the Mississippi Central. Four thousand infantry and 2,700 cavalry reported to have a skirmish with us, where there was a bridge burned.

Another statement from a contraband that ran away from Columbus on the 24th instant: Rebels fortifying Columbus, but not much work done. Forty thousand rebels at Tupelo, south creek, no fortifications. Twenty-four regiments left Tupelo for Fulton on Wednesday. On Thursday at 2 o'clock four regiments of infantry and six pieces of artillery at Saltillo.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POPE'S HEADQUARTERS, June 30, 1862.

Colonel KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

For the information of the commanding general I telegraph from General Hamilton's dispatch, dated 2.30 p.m. yesterday, the following:

Third Michigan went yesterday to Salem, returning this morning. Reports no rebel troops except cavalry north of the Tallahatchie. One infantry regiment has been at Holly Springs since our troops were there, but had fallen back on the Tallahatchie. Country invested by guerrillas; 200 visited Ripley the night our cavalry were in

