
the place a sum sufficient to pay all damages. I have have in my possession about $8,000. What shall be done with it? I need money as secret-service fund, having employed several citizens as scouts.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 30. Washington, January 19, 1863.

I. Brigadier General N. B. Buford U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of Cairo, III., and will report to Major-General Grant, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the Department of the Tennessee.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., January 20, 1863.

Brigadier General C. S. HAMILTON,

Commanding District of West Tennessee:

GENERAL: Complaints have come in from Somerville from the few Union men of the outrageous conduct of the Seventh Kansas, and in one case of Colonel Lee's conduct where he was informed of the status of the party. This was the case of Mr. Rivers, who called on Colonel Lee to try and get him to restrain his men, and was replied to by being made to dismount and give up the animal he was riding.

If there are any further complaints, well substantiated, I wish you to arrest Colonel Lee and have him tried for incompetency and his regiment dismounted and disarmed.

The conduct of this regiment at New Albany, in their pursuit of Van Dorn, stopping to plunder the citizens instead of pursuing the enemy when they were so near them, and again when after Richardson, about the 8th of this month, they passed near where they knew or at least were informed he was and went on to the town for the purpose of plunder-all the laurels won by the regiment and their commander on the pursuit of the enemy from Holly Springs to Coffeeville have been more than counterbalanced by their bad conduct since.

Their present course may serve to frighten women and children and helpless old men, but will never drive out an armed enemy.

I am, general, with great respect, yours, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 7. Memphis, Tenn., January 20, 1863.

I. All trading, trafficking, or the landing of boats at point south of Memphis other than at military posts or points guarded by the navy is positively prohibited.

