
Vicksburg before they can do much and return to my command all the force necessary to clean out Arkansas.

With my best wishes for your success, I remain, general, very truly, yours.

SAM'L R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, January 24, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Memphis:

GENERAL: I have return from my White River expedition and am actively engaged in sending off troops to join your forces at Vicksburg. I am also sending forward to Memphis as rapidly as possible all surplus transportation for your use.

I ascended the White River as high as Des Arc, 217 miles from the month.

At Saint Charles I captured a considerable, quantity of forage and some prisoners. I blew up their magazine and destroyed their fortifications, which were somewhat formidable.

At Clarendon I captured a few more prisoners. At Devall's Bluff I captured two 8-inch columbiads and carriages in complete order, one company of infantry, and about 100 new Enfield rifles. I destroyed one railroad bridge 200 feet long and one 90 feet long, and 3 platform cars, and burnt up the railroad depot.

At Des Arc I captured 100 prisoners a large rebel mail, over 100 stand of arms, several hundred rounds of fixed 6-pounder ammunition, and destroyed the Little Rock telegraph.

The entire Arkansas force of the enemy retreated rapidly across to the west side of the Arkansas River.

I learn that Jeff. Thompson, Jeffers, and Marmaduke, and also Cabell and Anderson's commands, and part of Hawes' forces are concentrating on Crowley's Ridge and are moving in the direction of this place. I do not know their strength, and will not until I hear from General Curtis, unless my scouts bring me information.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 24, 1863.

Major-General MCCLERNAND:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 3rd instant in relation to the Vicksburg operations has received my earnest attention. I think you need no new assurance of the sincere desire of the President and my self to oblige you in every particular consistent with the general interest of the service, and I trust that the course of events will be such as will enable the Government to derive the utmost advantage from your patriotism and military skill.

I shall, be happy to hear from you fully whenever it is convenient for you to write, and shall be glad to contribute your success.

Yours, truly.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

