
having instigated attacks on you, to say in reference to each specific question whether I made any remarks to any one touching the matters involved in it that could have given ground for any assault on you.

First question. Did I not know that you were ordered to leave Memphis December 18, in concert with other large armies and the fleet of gunboats?

Answer. I knew that you had been so ordered, and the only comment I ever made on it was in commendation of the promptitude with which the movement was made.

Second question. Wast there any delay in embarking or reaching the point of attack that you could have avoided?

Answer. My answer to the first question answers this, and I have never made any statement to any one which contradicts it.

Third question. Did you not on December 23 furnish division commanders general instructions as specifications as the case than admitted?

Answer. You furnished instructions at the time mentioned to the division commanders, which were, in turn furnished to brigade commanders, which I presume gave all the information you thought necessary or important. I have never made any comment complaining of you to Mr. Knox or any one.

Fourth question. Did you not daily during the movement make an order of the day and send it to division commanders explaining the movements of the day?

Answer. You did; and I never said anything to the contrary.

Fifth question. Was it not difficult, if not impossible, on our reaching the place of debarkation to get information of the exact condition of the country lying between it and Vicksburg and had we not to reconnoiter the bayou under very close fire?

Answer. I answer both questions in affirmative. I have never myself nor did I ever hear any one deny either of the propositions.

Sixth question. Did I or do I know anything of the ground in front of General A. J. Smith's division?

Answer. I did not and do not, and vener made any pretense of knowing.

Seventh question. Did I or do I know anything of the ground in front of General M. L. Smith's division?

Answer. I saw what could be seen of it by looking at it with a glass across the bayou during the 28th. I thought it very formidable, and I have since been informed that it was defended by works which had not been discovered when I left that point. In speaking of this position I have always held this language.

Eighth question. Do I not know that best point of assault was at Morgan's position.

Answer. From what I know, and have ascertained from others, I am of the opinion that, with the exception of Hianes' Bluff, Morgan's position was the best for the assault; but with the aid of the gunboats I think that Hianes' Bluff would have been our best point. I confess, however, that I know nothing of the ground at Haines' Bluff except from conversation with others, and my opinion is grounded upon my faith in the heavy guns of the navy, strengthened by witnessing the execution done by them at Arkansas Post. I think it unfortunate that a point of attack should have been selected for assault which made it impossible to move with the co-operation of the navy.

Ninth question. Was not Morgan there with his brigades at the time of the assault?

