
Answer. I presume such to be the fact. I think only two regiments of his whole division ever got into the enemy's works. I saw no more and have said so very often.

Tenth question. Were not my brigade and Thayer's on the spot which orders and prepared to support Morgan in the assault?

Answer. My brigade and Thayer's were on the spot with orders and prepared to support Morgan in the assault. I have stated to many persons that instead of supporting Morgan's division Thayer's brigade and my own went in advance of him. My whole brigade was in the works before a single regiment of Morgan's appeared, and General Thaeyer stated to me that when he entered the enemy's works he found two regiments of Morgan's lying down in the first line of rifle-pits. When were we repulsed I came of the works at the same time with General Thayer, and we both saw Colonel De Courcy, commanding one of Morgan's brigades, outside of the works with a large body of troops formed in column under bluff upon which the first line of rifle-pits was built. He refused to take or order his men into the enemy's works. I have often made these statements, and I have also stated that General Morgan ordered me to assault without giving me a particle of information as to the nature of the ground over which I was to assault or giving me time to reconnoiter and obtain it, and that he did this against my earnest and repeated protest.

Eleventh question. Was not General Hovey's brigade close at hand?

Answer. It was.

Twelfth question. Did these six brigades, or two divisions, compose more than one-half your command.

Answer. I believe so.

Thirteenth question. Did I at any time before, at the time, or after advise any other mode or plan of attack?

Answer. I did not, and never made a suggestion to any one that I had been guilty presumption.

Fourteenth question. Did I not and do I not approve the withdrawal of your forces from Yazoo Island?

Answer. I do not recollect to have expressed any opinion on the subject, but I have no hesitation in saying that I approved and still approve the withdrawal of the forces from the Yazoo. I have no doubt the enemy had been largely re-enforced and greatly exceeded us in number.

Fifteenth question. Were not your orders specific that nothing should be left behind except a few barrels of pork and some hard bread, which my commissary reported to you in person not be moved back?

Answer. I answer the shole of the above in the affirmative, and add that when my commissary reported to me that he had left some barrels of pork and hard bread by your orders, I sent him and my quartermaster back to bring it up,and told the commissary he had no business to go the general-in-chief at such a moment to inform him that he could get no transportation; that it was not to be supposed that at such a moment you could give attention to such a matter; that his business was to impress all transportation that he could find unemployed and bring in the supplies. The quartermaster and commissary went back with a regiment, furnished by General Hovey, and brought in all the provision except sixteen barrels of pork, which had been rolled into the bayou and was not considered of sufficient value to wet the men

