
in the effort to get it. I believe a small amount of damaged bread was also left behind.

Sixteenth question. Do I know of a gun cartridge, as, spade, wagon, or anything left behind but the port and bread referred to and what its quantity?

Answer. I know of nothing left behind except as stated in my last answer, which is as accurate as to quantity as I am able to state.

Seventh question. Do I not know that you personally remained in our camp at the bayou till every particle of ordnance, wagons, &amp;c., and all the troops but the rear guard had the river?

Answer. I believe such to be the fact.

Eingteenth question. Do I not know that you communicated with General McClernand before leaving the Yazoo? do I not know that you remained at the Yazoo Landing until every transport was off?

Answer. I answer that it is my impression that such was the case, although I know nothing except what I heard.

Nineteenth question. Was there any haste or confusion in re-embarking our command other than what is in incident to large fleets and masses of men?

Answer. I observed no haste or confusion in the re-embarkation.

The feeling was that the enemy would confer a great favor on us by leaving his works and giving us battle on equal terms.

Twentieth question. Have I not reason to know the enemy did not regard it as a retreat, but advised the people to look out for us in some other quarter?

Answer. I have reason to believe this. Such advice I believe was given in the public prints, and their conduct was in accordance with the advice.

Twenty-first question. Do I believe your force, independent of Grant's and Banks', could have taken and held Vicksburg?

Answer. My opinion has been that our whole force, aided by the gunboats, would have taken Haine's Bluff and held it if we had attacked it immediately upon our arrival in the Yazoo, and that we could thence not only have communicated with Grant but we could also by means of the Yazoo have united his force to ours, and with our combined forces we could have operated on the enemy's communications with Vicksburg and forced them to give us battle on our own ground or evacuate the place.

Twenty-second question. Do I not know that the attack on Haine's Bluff was not attempted because Admiral Porter declared it too hazardous?

Answer. I understand that such was Admiral Porter's opinion after it was ascertained that Grant, had fallen back to Memphis. It could not have been his opinion on the evening of December 30 last, because he advised the attack that night, and we all agreed to it, and had prepared to make it. But for the dense fog it would have been made, and I have heard you since express the opinion that it would have been successful; Steele had doubt of it. We all thought then that we could have entrenched ourselves, and, with the gunboats to protect our flanks, held it.

I have five you candid and specific answers to all of your questions. I confess myself greatly and annoyed in being called on to answer such interrogatories under such circumstances.

Some days since, in the presence of Generals Steele and Stuart, you called my attention to a letter in the Missouri Republican and stated positively that it was written by some one in by brigade. I told you it was not so; but you were evidently unconvinced. I have since as

