
Captain John J. McIntosh, for declaring in the hearing of his men and in the presence of the enemy that he would not fight if attacked near Holly Springs, Miss., on the 20th day of December, 1862.

Captain Penninger, of Company G, for proposing a plan by which the regiment could be surrendered, to the enemy, and attempting to induce others of the regiment to aid in carrying it into execution during the raid of the enemy's cavalry on Holly Springs, on the 20th day of December, 1862.

Second Lieutenant John Stokes, for straggling from his command and procuring for himself and a number of his men fraudulent paroles from a rebel citizen.

Second Lieutenant Daniel Kimmel, for advising the colonel his regiment if attacked by the enemy to surrender, and on feigned sickness procuring a surgeon's certificate to go to the hospital at Holly Springs, Miss., by reason of which he was captured and paroled by the enemy during the raid on that place.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. James Evans, for inciting dissatisfaction among the men of his regiment, and speaking in a improper manner of the war and the President, in violation of the fifth article of war.

Commissary Sergt. Joshua Misenheimer is reduced to the ranks for declaring that would never fire a gun upon the enemy, and on hearing a camp rumor that Major-General Burnside was defeated with a loss of 20,000 men, wishing it was so.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINGS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR VICKSBURG, February 2, 1863.

Brigadier General F. P. BLAIR:

DEAR SIR: Yours of last evening, handed me in person at your headquarters, was carefully perused on my reaching my room, and I express my satisfaction at the full and frank answers you have made to my interrogatories. Whether under similar circumstances a next time you will answer in an equally friendly spirit need not now arrest my thoughts, as I do not expect there will be a next time; or, if, so should I ask you fair, plain, direct questions again under similar circumstances, I believe you will give equally fair and plain answers.

I am willing to admit that I do owe you an explanation of the reason why after your full and frank disclaimers in the presence of Generals Steele and Stuart I should renew the subject. I could hardly believe that a white man could be so false as this fellow Knox. He certainly came down in the Continental, on which for a month you and Steele had your headquarters. He dated his paper there and eulogized every officer and man of that division and did not even attempt to approach the truth as to anybody else; did not know or care to know that Burbridge commanded the expedition from Miliken's Bend, ignoring General A. J. Smith, or spoke of him as "frittering away his time," &amp;c., and indeed abused everybody but the officers of the Fourth Division. Officers of the other three divisions could and had come to but one conclusion, that he was in your pay or favor. I now know otherwise, and am glad that your letter enables me to put the fellow where he really belongs, as a spy and infamous dog. I shall show and read your letter to Dr. McMillan, Colonel Smith, and others, that their minds may be disabused on the same point.

