
tion of the batteries and troops in Vicksburg. I have observed an impression that the road on which A. J. Smith advanced might have been made a line of attack. I tell you no; and I defy any one who saw and examined the obstructions placed there by the enemy today otherwise.

My calculations were that Morgan's whole division, supported by Steele's could at some considerable loss carry the county road and first hills at Chickasaw, and then a gunboat attack on Snyder's would be certain of success. We could not have secured a footing at Snyder's easier than by way of Chickasaw Bayou.

I may be and am too reckless of public opinion, but I not of my officers and men. I would not have them think or feel that I am reckless of their safety and honor or that I neglect to take every possible precaution against danger of fail to study every means to attain success. I am careful to obey orders and instructions of my superiors, because I know the importance of it in large combined operations, and I may expect too much of volunteers, who think for themselves and don't feel the implicit confidence of regulars in their officers. I am fully aware that General Morgan did not carry to the assault all his division as I expected. I have his official reports and all are now in the hands of our Government. I know General Morgan's enthusiasm and devolution to the cause and will question these, and assume to myself the consequences of failure rather than throw it off on any generous and brave man or set of men.

Failures result from many causes, without a necessity for that bitter vituperation that pulls down rather than builds up. As you remark, we are all engaged in the same cause, which calls for the united action of all, and I think I am in mind as willing to bear and suffer as any one if such forbearance adds one atom to the chances of success in the great national struggle. If at one time I did think you had incautiously dropped expressions which gave a newspaper spy the grounds of accusations against all save those in your brigade and division, I now retract that and assure you of my confidence and respect.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, LAKE PROVIDENCE, LA.,Numbers 6. April 10, 1863.

The officers of the One hundred and ninth Regiment Illinois volunteers, except those of Company K, having been reported as utterly in competent to perform the duties of their respective commissions, and evincing no disposition to improve themselves, are hereby discharged from the service of United States.

This is the regiment which was within a few miles of Holly Springs when attacked by the rebels and failed to march, to the support of their comrades, but drew in their pickets and stood ready to surrender. From nine companies 347 men deserted, principally at Memphis, and but 1 from Company K.

To render the men efficient it is necessary to transfer them to a disciplined regiment, and they are accordingly transferred to the Eleventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Company K to make the tenth company.

The officers thus discharged are Colonel A. J. Nimmo, Major T. M. Perrine, First Lieutenant C. B. Dishon, regimental quartermaster; Capts. J. C.

