
Hunsaker, Hugh Andrews, Samuel M. P. McClure, S. O. Lewis; First Lieuts. James P. McLane, Morgan Stokes, Jacob A. Milikin Charles Barringer, B. F. Hartline, Josiah Toler, Abram L. Misenheimer, R. B. Bartleson; Second Lieuts. M. A. Goodman, Squire Crabtree, T. t. Robinson, Henry Gassaway, Charles Klutts, Andrew Colvin.

Chaplain P. H. Kroh will as the regiment has been consolidated, be mustered out of the service.

Surg. John L. Dewey, Asst. Surgs. John W. Henley and George H. Dewey will be assigned by Major-General Grant to other Illinois regiments to fill vacancies.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, Miss., June 10, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

Commanding Department Numbers 1, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: * * * You ask what are my future plans. They will depend somewhat on the movements of the enemy. I intend to fights him here if he advances upon me and my force be strong enough to meet him with a chance of success; otherwise, I will fall back toward my true base, via Columbus and the Meridian and Selma Railroad. But should circumstances favor it I shall march from here to Oxford via Pontotoc. The first movement would necessarily the withdrawal of all my troops west of this place to concentrate them here. What would then become of you and your command must be left for you to decide. I would advise you, if my advice were asked, to concentrate them here also, in order to enable me to take the offensive, if practicable. The only thing left to us now is to endeavor to divide the enemy's forces, if possible, and then to unite ours rapidly for a sudden blow on anyone of his fractional commands*

* * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., June 11, 1862.

GENERAL: Your telegraphic dispatch to the President recommending Major Cabell and Lieutenants Phifer and Armstrong for appointment of brigadier-generals to your command has induce the President to call on this office for information respecting the organization of your command into divisions and brigades. The information has been furnished in your return of May 4 last. In that return you exhibit three division, each consisting of three brigades, viz: The First Division under Major General S. Jones, with the brigades commanded by Brigadier-

---------------

*Port of letter here omitted printed in Series I, Vol. XV, p. 752

---------------

