
General Rust, Maury, and Roane; the Second Division, under Major-General Price, with the brigade commanded by Brigadier General Little and two other brigades not represented by brigadiers; and the Third Division, under Major-General McCown, with two brigades commanded each by Brigadier-Generals Hogg and Churchill and one other brigade not represented by a brigadier this last brigade, with the exception of one regiment, not having yet joined your command, according to the remarks on the return.

It is the wish of the President that the spirit of the law in ration to organization should be conformed to placing as far as practicable the regiment from the several States in the same brigades, so that each brigade shall be composed of regiments from the same State. This he has observed is strictly the case in respect to General Rust's brigade, of the First Division, but is not followed out in the organization of some of the other brigades. He has therefore instructed me to call your attention to these discrepancies, and to request that you will cause the following changes to be made, viz: First, that the Arkansas regiment and battalion under Colonel McRake and Lieutenant-Colonel Adams respectively, in the Second Brigade, First Division, be exchanged with the Texas regiments under the command, respectively, of Colonels Stone and Smims, in the Third Brigade of that division, and that the Arkansas regiment under Colonel Embry, in the Second Brigade, Third Division, be added to the Second Brigade, Second Division, in place of the regiment under Colonel_, not named and not enumerated in that brigade. Second, that the Arkansas regiment under Colonel Hill, in the First Brigade, Second Brigade, Third Division, in place of Embry's regiment, transferred to the Second Brigade, First Division. Third, that Lieutenant-Colonel McCray's (Arkansas) battalion, of the First Brigade, Third Division, and Colonel Harper's (Arkansas) regiment, of the Second Brigade, some division, exchange places.

The above changes will complete the organization of your command by arranging the troops from the same into the same brigades, with the single exception of the Second Brigade, Second Division, where the troops, being from different States, must remain as at present brigaded.

The President further suggests, in respect to brigade commanders, the following changes, viz: The Brigadier General J. C. Moore be assigned to the Second Brigade, First Division, in place of Brigadier-General Maury, to be assigned to the Third Brigade, Second Division, and that Brigadier-General Hebert be assigned to the Second Brigade, Second Brigade, Second Division. This will give you eight brigadiers, leaving the ninth brigadier (Third Brigade, Third Division) to be appointed and assigned when that brigade (now absent) shall have joined your command.

Very respectfully,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Priceville, Miss., June 11, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD, Tupelo, Miss.:

GENERAL: Is it your wish that the causeway across the Olt Town Creek should be doubled, or that a new road should be constructed at

