
some other point? I crossed the creek this morning near the lake. The road comes about 2 miles north of Verona, and a very good road could be made there with plank. The swamp is not bad. From the lake to Verona is about 3 miles. Columns of infantry and cavalry can cross the swamp anywhere in the vicinity I speak of-I mean now after a rain it would be doubtful.

Do you desire that I should continue to call at 10 o'clock? I have thought that it was not now necessary; will do so, however, cheerfully if you desire it. I perceive that the district I commanded across the Mississippi has been increased and is now a department (Trans-Mississippi Department). Have you any orders in regard to it? Have I been relieved of the command?

Respectfully, general, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

TOWN OF FULTON, MISS., June 11, 1862.

[General: On the 10th a member of my company was in Jacinto among the Federals. He reports that Nelson's division encamped at Jacinto on Monday night last; that they moved east in the direction of Tuscumbia or on the Tuscumbia road.

On the 10th, at 3 o'clock, General Crittenden's division passed Jacinto going east, on the same road taken by General Nelson. It is estimated that Nelson's and Crittenden's divisions number about 25,000 (say 15,000). In addition to these two division it is estimated that 15,000 or 20,000 troops have gone in the same direction-some think as many as 30,000-previous to Crittenden's and Nelson's forces. I am satisfied all the above is correct. My scout is sensible and reliable. I send you Northern papers; I have not had time to read them.

Respectfully,

L. E. HILL,

Captain, Commanding Dixie Cavalry.

P. S.- I want, if it is consistent with the service, general scouting orders. I am sure I can be of more service in that any other. I sent a scout to Rienzi to-day; will send his report when made. I could have taken General Crittenden and staff, but did not feel authorized to send out my men, or rather take them.

Respectfully,

L. E. H.

P. S.- I have just looked over a Louisville paper of the 4th, and would send it up, but the owner refuses to give it up. The enemy carried some eighty or one hundred pieces of artillery with Crittenden's and Nelson's division.

[Indorsement.]

If the above be true we must, be prepared to take the offensive at once against those in our front, and our cavalry must be pushed forward to ascertain where they are, and one regiment toward the Jacinto road.

G. T. B.

38 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

