
TUPELO, MISS., June 12, 1862.

DEAR GENERAL: The information you sent me this morning is confirmed; but it would seem the enemy is coming toward Fulton or Columbia. If that be the case we must attack at once those in once those in our front, and then take the other in the rear. Will you commence making the necessary preparations for such a move, which, however, you will keep secret? Provisions need not be cooked yet (three day's and tow or three in wagons), but have them all ready. Send a strong force of cavalry to observe the movements of the enemy toward Jacinto. We will leave one or two brigades to guard our right and rear. God and liberty!

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

P. S.-See that all our officer and men are provided with haversacks.

JUNE 12, 1862-2 p. m.

GENERAL: I return you the papers sent, and fully agree we should be ready to strike as soon as we can verify the reports; but we must not conceal from ourselves the great difficulty of operating to the front. Water, forage, and food will be scare, and it is almost disheartening to look at our scanty resources; still we are gaining nothing on that score by lying still. I will put Chalmers in motion to try and develop the enemy in front.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Tupelo, Miss., June 12, 1862.,

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding general indicating of large bodies of the enemy to the east via Jacinto. Others are reported moving west, leaving him very weak in front. Can you use your cavalry-especially such companies as Roddey's-to feel and develop him? We must not lose an opportunity to strike whenever he present it. It is reported that two divisions passed through Jacinto to the east on the 9th and 10th.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 12, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Baldwyn, Miss.:

The President has been expecting a communication explaining your last movement. It has not yet arrived.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

