
CORINTH, July 1,[1862]-8.45 a.m. (Received 9.40 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegraph suspending order for troops is received. If order had been carried out we should have been either defeated or forced to retreat. No forces can be spared at present. The enemy is apparently preparing to make an attack, and his guerrillas have already done us considerable damage.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, July 1, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

All accounts confirm the belief that no large force of the enemy has moved west toward Memphis. On the country, they are concentrating east of the Tombigbee and opening roads to Marietta. I have very little doubt they are preparing to attack somewhere between here and Decatur. You will perceive the absurdity under these circumstances of moving more of our troops west.

H. W. HALLECK.

MEMPHIS, July 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I will locate the points to be fortified immediately, and as soon as authorized to draw in my cavalry now outside the city will impress negroes to work on them. There are but few negro men in the city.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 1, 1862. (Received Memphis, July 1.)

Major-General GRANT:

Passes to go South except for military purposes must come from Washington. No forces can be sent you from here. On the contrary, it may be necessary to withdraw Hurlbut or Sherman and abandon the road between here and Memphis. Colonel Kinney will be ordered to report to Colonel Hoffman, superintendent of prisoners of war, to effect the exchange.

I have no engineer officer to send you at present. It is evident that Wallace's division cannot be removed from Memphis till Sherman or Hurlbut is sent to that vicinity, and one is insufficient to defend the road. It is possible that we shall abandon the railroad entirely. I will wait for further orders from Washington. Perhaps the Secretary of War may be induced to revoke his order.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

JACKSON, TENN., July 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

I started one brigade at day dawn on foot; will send remainder by rail as fast as possible. I will order teams to follow to Columbus unless

