HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo. Miss., June 15, 1862.

GENERAL: After delaying as long as possible to obey the oft-repeated recommendations of my physicians to take some rest for the restoration of my health, I have concluded to take advantage of the present lull in the operations of this army, due to the necessity of attending of the enemy, for absenting myself a short while from here, hoping to be back in time to assume the offensive at the earliest moment practicable. Meanwhile I will transfer the command of the forces of this department to the next officer in rank-General B. Bragg-furnishing him with such instructions as will enable him to give all orders required during my absence.

I propose leaving here to-morrow at 12 m. for Mobile, where I will remain a day or two inspecting the condition of its defenses, and will offer to Brigadier-General Forney such advice as, in my judgments, may be necessary and he may be willing to accept. I will then repair to Bladon's Springs, on the Tombigbee River, about 75 miles north of Mobile, where I will remain about one week or ten days, or long enough to restore my shattered health.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

C. S. Army,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, Miss., June 14, 1862.

We hereby certify that, after attendance upon General Beauregard for the past four months and treatment of his case, in our professional opinion, he is incapacitated physically for the arduous duties of his present command, and we urgently recommend rest and recreation.

R. L. BRODIE,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

SAML. CHOPPIN,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

GRENADA, MISS., June 15, 1862.

General JORDAN,

Tupelo, Miss.:

Mr. Proctor has arrived with his dispatch. Shall I burn the cotton throughout the interior?

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TUPELO, MISS., June 15, 1862. (Received June 16, 1862, 11 p.m.)

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES:

Yes; burn all cotton in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy. Where is Villepigue?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

