
[GRENADA, MISS., June 15, 1862.]

General BEAUREGARD,

Tupelo, Miss.:

Villepigue is here commanding troops.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

TUPELO, MISS., June 15, 1862. (Received 5 p.m.)

General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding:

It is reported enemy intend moving on Grenada. Send away at once everything from there and elsewhere as already instructed. Send also unarmed troops to Jackson, Miss., with ample provisions, and when compelled to evacuate Grenada repair to same place, reporting for the present to General Lovell or officer in command there. Keep only twenty days' provisions at Grenada for your armed troops.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GRENADA, MISS., June 15, 1862.

Colonel JACKSON,

Commanding Advance:

You will assume command of all troops serving in the counties of Tunica, De Soto, Marshall, and Tippah, on our northern border. You will destroy the railroad tracks and bridges, the telegraph, and all cotton exposed to the depredations of the enemy. Unnecessary destruction of buildings and other property is positively prohibited. Take measures to impede the advance of the enemy at all points.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

HERNANDO, MISS., June 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your orders for the past few days have been received, and as far as was in my power have been fully complied with. I do not fully understand your order to tear up railroad above this point. If it is your wish that the iron shall all be taken up you will have to order some one of the railroad men now in your town up here to superintend it, and I will try and get a force of negroes from the planters in this region to do the work. There is not a man here to whom I can intrust the management of this work, and as all the men who are and have been connected with our railroads are in and around Grenada I shall have to trust you to supply this necessity. If you only wish the bridges and trestle-work on the road burned I can have this done from my own resources. The roads as far down as Horn Lake Depot will be destroyed to-day by my order. I await an answer from you explanatory before doing more.

With regard to burning cotton I have been doing all I could with the means at my disposal, but the order you sent me embraces a very extensive area of country and will require, to be certainly and promptly done, an additional force of from 50 to 100 cavalry. Please let me know if I can rely upon getting this additional force.

The market for supplies is rather bare at this place, but at the different depots between this and Grenada I am told a great many supplies could be procured if proper effort be made at an early day. I

