
[JUNE 17, 1862.]

Colonel W. B. SHELBY,

Oxford, Miss.:

You will hold the Tallahatchie Bridge, and also break up the railroad track as near to Holly Springs as practicable, moving the iron in this direction. Impress negro labor. Call on Colonel Goodman for special instructions as to the manner of breaking up the track. You will burn the cotton as near Holly Springs as practicable in the event of the enemy having reached there. Remove the telegraphic apparatus from there; take down wire as far as practicable.

Communicate your present position to Colonel Jackson.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GRENADA, June 17, 1862.

Colonel SHELBY,

Tallahatchie Bridge:

Break up the track, if you can, beyond the bridge and cut off the telegraph and save the apparatus. Bring all rolling stock this side of the bridge and prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy. Prepare to destroy the railroad track over the bridge, and call on President Goodman, at Oxford, for an agent to assist in effecting it.

Communicate with Colonel Jackson your position. Send here all useless men and baggage from your regiment, and retain cars enough to prevent surprise. Burn cotton toward Holly Springs in the vicinity of the enemy. Keep couriers observing his movements.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

TISHOMINGO CITY, MISS., June 17, 1862.

Captain RODDEY:

DEAR SIR: We have been happily successful in obtaining important information of the enemy's movements. There have been four brigades at Iuka, viz, McCook's, Crittenden's, Wood's, and Nelson's. They are all gone-Wood's toward Decatur, Ala., the others across the river at Eastport, with a large cavalry force, except part of Nelson's brigade, which is to leave to-morrow; the other part left this morning. The enemy has drawn in his pickets near town to-day. The enemy has a very large amount of stores at Iuka and Eastport. He has 400 wagons running between those points without any guard over them. There are two acres of ground covered with stores at Eastport. We learn there are to be 100 men left at Iuka to guard the stores.

We do not know how many men are at Bear Creek Bridge. It was finished yesterday. There is but one engine and about fifteen cars yet, but they say they will have a lot of rolling stock from above. There is reported to be two cavalry regiments between Jacinto and Cartersville. I will get more information to-morrow. I would give more now, but it is getting too dark. The above is from what I consider unquestionable authority.

Respectfully,

J. T. WILLIAMS.

