
enforcements to that point. Can you add materially to my strength by calling out the minute-men and militia of the State of Mississippi?

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TUPELO, MISS., June 18, 1862.

General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding:

Detach at once Fort Pillow command under General Villepigue to defend crossing on Tallahatchie River. He will destroy bridges and do all possible to check advance of enemy until re-enforcements reach him there, which will march at once. Cars, &amp;c., wanted, ordered.

Report departure of General Villepigue and answer this.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, MISS., June 18, 1862.

General BRAGG,

Tupelo, Miss.:

Colonel Shelby reports enemy's cavalry (300) at Tallahatchie Bridge. Skirmishing this morning. He fears that he cannot hold the bridge until night. I ordered Captain Isbell, with his battalion, to proceed to that point night before last, and he is about leaving.

Colonel Jackson's cavalry has not been heard of for some days.

I have ordered the Tallahatchie Bridge burned if necessary. I have just ordered General Villepigue, with his Fort Pillow command, to proceed to Tallahatchie Bridge.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 18, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM PRESTON,

Commanding Reserve Division, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am instructed to communicate the following instructions for your guidance:

You will proceed with the division under your command with the least delay to Oxford, Miss., or to the headquarters of Brigadier-General Villepigue, in that vicinity, and form a junction with the command of that officer for the purpose of repelling an invasion of that region by a detachment of the enemy.

In the movement all usual military precautions will be taken, and as you approach the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad especial care should be observed to guard against the possibility of surprise. More-over, every precaution should be used to prevent news of your movements from reaching the enemy. It might be well, indeed, to give out Grenada as the point of your destination.

Communicate through an officer with General Villepigue so that you may be accurately informed of his movements and purposes, and also when precisely your junction with him shall take place.

