
An officer of the Engineer Corps will report to you in order that you may employ him in advance of your command in the selection of the best routes of march and the proper camp grounds. Efficient staff officers should accompany him, with orders to procure and collect forage at the halting places; also subsistence as far as practicable-fresh meat especially.

Should it be necessary you are authorized to avail yourself of the resources of the country, in the way of transportation, but will do so with the understanding that all teams shall only be temporarily retained and returned to their owners from Oxford and that vicinity.

The commander of the forces hopes that you will be fortunate enough to meet with the enemy, and wishes the officers and men of your command particularly impressed with the fact that our soldiers have always been victorious over our present adversaries, despite odds, when they have resolutely dashed at them. Advancing with a stern and inflexible will to drive the invader back success will surely follow.

Respectfully, general, obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 18, 1862.

Officer in Charge Military Railroad Transportation:

SIR: One hundred freight cars five effective locomotives must be sent as soon as practicable to Grenada, Miss., to be reported to General Ruggles, commanding at that point.

The commander of the forces desires that these cars and locomotives, as far as practicable, should be taken from the rolling stock of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad now on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and expects that timely measures will be taken to secure their rapid transit over the railroad from Meridian to Jackson with as little interruption as possible at the same time to the transportation of public stores over same road from Jackson eastward. He thinks with the exercise of proper energy and judgment these trains can be dispatched through without material delay.

Report to this office the dispatch of these trains and their arrival at Meridian, Jackson, and Grenada.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, Miss., June 18, 1862.

Colonel R. W. SMITH and

Lieutenant-Colonel POLIGNAC:

COLONEL: The troops that have been discharged from the army of Major-General Van Dorn are not in the service of the Confederate States Army, but Missouri State Guard. All such troops may be allowed to go hence.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT.

39 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

