
you direct otherwise. Will turn over camp and garrison equipage to quartermaster.

Had I not better leave the Twelfth Michigan and Sixty-first Illinois here? They are undisciplined, disorganized, and deficient in numbers. They were placed under my command since Siloh. Will you restore the Eighth Missouri to General Wallace's division.

I will leave artillery and cavalry here unless you direct otherwise.

General Logan is informed of acts of pillage and violence by some of the troops at Humboldt, which must disgrace the army if not repressed. By sending an agent here he could probably get some facts.

I trust you will direct General Wallace's division to halt at Cairo, if it should be ahead of General Logan's, so that I may arrange transportation for both.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, July 1, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND,

Jackson:

Orders from Washington are suspended. Stop all movements of your troops.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

(Similar dispatches to Brigadier General R. Allen, Pittsburg Landing, and Colonel William Myers, Saint Louis.)

JULY 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Nothing from the front save telegraph from Asboth saying it is said Hamilton is encamped 14 miles west; also that the road has been blockaded between Rienzi and Nolin's. I do not credit either.

Orders have been given to send a messenger to Hamilton. We have a regiment of infantry and a section of artillery at the Hatchie Crossing.

Mizner has gone down to Booneville with all his available cavalry. A regiment of infantry and a battery have been sent by Asboth to support Sheridan. I think it would be prudent for Todd to send a cavalry scout out toward Hamilton to meet him and report the condition of the road from Ripley to Corinth in case in should become necessary for him to use it. Would it not be well by way of precaution to advise Sherman to communicate with him, in case my orders have been miscarried, that he is to come back, looking out for his left?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, July 1, 1862-2.30 p.m.

General ASBOTH,Rienzi:

GENERAL: The enemy have ten regiments, under General Chalmers. I am still holding them.

I want supports, particularly artillery. Let me have them at once, if it is possible.

