
TUPELO, MISS., June 18, 1862. (Received June 19, 1862.)

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Re-enforcements requested are held ready, depending, however, upon movements of enemy in our front, which are not yet sufficiently developed for our action.*

BRAXTON BRAGG.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Number 86. Tupelo, Miss., June 18, 1862.

I. Breckinridge's corps, Army of the Mississippi, will be prepared to move in light marching order with all possible celerity, with six days' subsistence and 100 rounds of ammunition for small-arms and the current supply for field batteries. Brigadier-General Preston will report at once to the commander of the forces for special instructions.

II. Pinson's (late Lindsay's) cavalry will march without delay, and by the nearest practicable route, to Oxford, or to the headquarters of General Villepigue, in that vicinity, to whom it will be reported for further orders. The regiment will be provided with five days' subsistence and a proper supply of ammunition. Celerity is important. Forage will be procured by the wayside, to which end proper staff officers will be sent ahead.

III. In consequence of the necessary division of the cavalry forces of this army with the several army corps, Brigadier-General Beall is relieved from the chief command of the cavalry and will report to Major-General Van Dorn for duty in the Army of the West.

IV. The supplies for the forces under Major-General Van Dorn will hereafter be delivered at Verona, where General Van Dorn will establish the depots for his command, with the necessary staff officers.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,Acting Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 117. Priceville, Miss., June 18, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The troops under the command of General M. M. Parsons, known as the Missouri State Guard, are relieved from duty with this army and will prepare to march to-morrow with eight days' rations. The Confederate troops under General Parsons will, if artillery, report to the commanding officer of the artillery brigade; if infantry or cavalry, will report to the commanding officer of their division (General Little). A battery of four pieces of artillery will march with him. The rest of the artillery of Parsons' brigade will be turned over to the chief of artillery, or such officers as he may order to receive it, who will give the necessary receipts for the same. General Parsons will cause descriptive lists to be furnished to the Confederate troops under his command.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Smith to Taylor, June 21, 1862, Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p.696.

---------------

