
GRENADA, MISS., June 19, 1862.

General BRAGG,

Tupelo, Miss.:

Brigadier-General Villepigue, with his command, left at 4 o'clock this morning for the Tallahatchie Bridge.

Colonel Jackson has fallen back near Coldwater Depot, Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department, C. S. Army.

GRENADA, MISS., June 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General VILLEPIGUE,

Tallahatchie, Central Railroad:

Is the report that the enemy is falling back from Holly Springs confirmed? Take prompt and vigorous measures to burn all cotton in advance of your position. If you need more force inform me.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

IN THE WOODS,

Two-and-a-half miles from Buzzard Roost, June 19, 1862.

Colonel BRADFUTE:

Yesterday General Smith's division went east to Cherokee Station. From some cause it turned back, and is now encamped between Big Bear Creek and Iuka. The enemy are running the train east. The train went up yesterday loaded with provisions and ammunition. No box-cars - all flat cars. The enemy have built a floating bridge at Florence, Ala., across the Tennessee River.

Smith's division passed back from Cherokee about 10 o'clock yesterday, since which time no Yankees have been seen going east except those on the railroad train, which up at 3 o'clock on the 18th. The enemy say they are going to release their prisoners, and a part are going to Chattanooga and some to take Richmond. They have sent on wagons without number, a great many cannon, and some few siege guns. They take all their sick with them. They leave nothing at depots.

Yours, truly,

L. E. HILL.

FULTON, MISS., June 19, 1862.

Colonel KIMMEL:

Captain Hill sends me another note. Generals Buell's, Nelson's, and Crittenden's divisions have gone east under a forced march, and the whole army is leaving. They cannot stand the climate. General Smith's brigade, or division, was marching east, but was suddenly ordered back to guard their ammunition and stores. Captain Hill is of the opinion that the entire Federal army is moving east, leaving only a few men to guard and keep up appearances. I have heard from citizens that there are no troops west of Jacinto except scouting parties, and only 1,000 cavalry at Jacinto. Captain Davenport was in my office this morning and reported that he was just from the vicinity where he had been gathering up his company-recruited before the Federals

