
came in the country-and says that the people, who are reliable, told him that all the Federals had left Booneville, Rienzi, and Corinth. It comes from reliable authority that the enemy have their property scattered from Iuka to Eastport. Captain Roddey reports 250 Federals at Frankfort, Franklin County, Alabama, raising a flag. I will have men in from Jacinto and Booneville to-night or early in the morning.

W. R. BRADFUTE,

Colonel, Commanding.

TUPELO, MISS., June 19, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

The completion of the Mississippi and Alabama Railroad from Meridian to Selma is a military necessity. The appropriation made by Congress will effect it in a short time. Can the money be had, or may I use military funds?

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, VA., June 19, 1862.

Gov. JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

My efforts to provide for the military wants of your section have been sadly frustrated. General Bragg was ordered to go immediately to Jackson, and I did not doubt would reach there by Monday last; but after he received the order General Beauregard turned over the command of the retreating army to him and left on surgeon's certificate for the benefit of his health. Last evening this became known to me, and I sent a telegram directing General Van Dorn to proceed with all possible dispatch to assume the command of the Department of Southern Mississippi and East Louisiana. I hope he will answer the popular desire. The arms referred to in a former dispatch were 1,000 Enfield rifles. By some misunderstanding it is supposed they were sent from Mobile to Corinth. To repair the evil a like number of muskets were sent to you two days since. A special agent is to leave to-morrow evening with 1,300 muskets and about 175 long-range rifles, to be delivered to General M. L. Smith, Vicksburg, route by Mobile and Jackson. Some arms (said to be on their way from Grenada to Gainesville) have been directed to be stopped at Jackson. I wish you would give any aid which may be required in repairing and cleaning them. The heroic determination of my neighbors gives assurance that you will use effectively all the means you possess. I would they were larger, and earnestly wish it were consistent for me to be with you in the struggle.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GRENADA, MISS., June 19, 1862.

Governor PETTUS:

It is reported that the enemy is retreating from Holly Springs. You will please suspend the movement of troops until we get further information.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

