
GRENADA, June 19, 1862.

Captain J. H. EDMONDSON,

Senatobia, Miss.:

Do not burn the bridge over the Coldwater until compelled to do so by a large force of the enemy. General Thompson will communicate my orders. Destroy cotton in advance endangered by the enemy. Consult General Thompson about bridges on common roads. Answer.

DANIEL RUGGLERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 19, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Army of the West, near Tupelo:

GENERAL: I am instructed to convey to you the orders of the President that you shall repair, "with all possible dispatch, to assume command of the Department of South Mississippi and East Louisiana." You will be regarded, the President further directs, as "temporarily detached" from your present command.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 19, 1862.

Captain RODDEY:

DEAR SIR: I have ascertained that Wood, McCook, Crittenden, and Nelson command divisions instead of brigades. Wood's division came to Iuka June 4, remained a few days, and then went in the direction of Decatur, Ala. McCook's division came to Iuka June 11, then went across the river at Eastport. Crittenden's division came to Iuka on the 13th and crossed the river at Eastport. Nelson's division came on the 14th; part left on the 17th in the same direction. They drew in their pickets and were to remove entire on the 18th, but the order was countermanded, and the pickets posted out farther on the 18th than they had been before, and that part of Nelson's division which had left was ordered back, and Wood's division was also ordered back. There was considerable stir and bustle among the officers on the 18th; could not learn the cause. The enemy is getting large amounts of stores at Iuka. He is hiring citizens to haul, paying $5 per day for two-horse wagons and $10 per day for four-horse wagons and teams. He is buying cotton, paying 15 cents per pound. The enemy is doing us great harm in that part of the country by making friends of nearly all the citizens. Numbers have taken the oath of allegiance. Conscript soldiers are released on parole of honor. One or two men of Iuka are going to Paducah to get stocks of groceries, &amp;c., in a few days. There were no soldiers stationed at Burnsville June 18.

Respectfully,

J. T. WILLIAMS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 118. Priceville, June 19, 1862.

I. Forrest's cavalry command will prepare to march immediately with ten days' rations. The commanding officer will report in person at these headquarters for orders.

