
YAZOO CITY, MISS., June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

C. S. Army, Commanding Grenada, &amp;c.:

SIR: May I, with reference to the common defense, venture to call your attention to that portion of the Mississippi River from Helena toward Vicksburg, on the left bank, as suitable for the operations of light gung against the contemplated commerce of the enemy? There are many deep bends on this portion of the river, across which light batteries might pass and compel an enemy's boat to sustain double attacks from the same guns. The roads from now until December will be good along the river, and the country between the Mississippi, Sunflower, and Yazoo River impenetrable to pursuit, offers safe asylum to small parties should the enemy land in force. A company of mounted men, to act in conjunction with a light battery, would, I think, made the portion of the river referred to very unsafe to any vessels except ships of war.

I am, very respectfully, yours.

ISAAC N. BROWN,

Lieutenant, C. S. Navy.

TUPELO, June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding Columbus, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 15th instant has been laid before the commander of the forces, who instructs me to reply as follows:

Railroad agents, conductors, and other employes must not be arrested or taken away from their officers or trains under the circumstances you report. In all such instances the name of the delinquent will be reported to these headquarters with specific allegations and a brief of the evidence that can unquestionably be adduced against him. Any other course is deemed prejudicial to the effective administration of the road at this time.

In the matter of the character of works with which Columbus is to be covered, the general telegraphed you, but I am instructed to say he wishes constructed a line of detached redoubts, properly placed. Captain Harris will from his experience be able to give the best locations practicable. He also knows General Beauregard's views as to the best character of detached works for the purposes in view.

The garrison for the defense of your works will not be less than that now under your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Number 88. Tupelo, Miss., June 20, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Major-General Van Dorn, commanding Department of Southern Mississippi and East Louisiana, is authorized, at his discretion, to order for service within the limits of his department the troops of this department on or near the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad.

