
GRENADA, June 21, 1862.

General VILLEPIGUE,

Abbeville, Miss.:

Hold 2,000 men with four guns at Oxford ready to march to-night to Panola, if ordered. Send two companies of cavalry under a field officer to Panola, without delay, to co-operate with General Thompson at Senatobia. Answer.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 2. Priceville, Miss., June 21, 1862.

The major-general commanding temporarily the Army of the West announces the following staff to the command:

Adjutant-General's Department.-Major H. S. Bradford, assistant adjutant-general; Captain B. N. Mathes, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Aided-de-Camp.-Capts. Henry S. Foote, jr., C. S. Army, and George T. Smoote.

Inspector-General's Department.-Captain Batt Barrow, inspector.

Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments.-Major W. E. Dyer, assistant quartermaster.

Medical Department.-Major Gus. B. Thornton, surgeon.

Artillery.-Colonel George W. McCown, chief of artillery.

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SPECIAL DEPARTMENT, Number 9. Grenada, Miss., June 22, 1862.

I. In conformity with Special Orders, Number 5, dated at Headquarters Mississippi State Troops, Major-General's Office, Canton, June 14, 1862, Brigadier General M. T. Berry, or, in his absence, the commanders of regiments and battalions of his brigade will call out the minute-men of his brigade for immediate service in the field.

II. These minute-men will meet on twenty-four hours' notice at their respective county seats, or at such other more convenient points as may be designated by their commanders, having in view concentration in advance of the Tallahatchie River, on the great railroad thoroughfare, to resist and impede the progress of the enemy.

III. These troops will supply their own arms and make requisition on the adjutant-general of the State for ammunition to the extent of 50 rounds per man, and their subsistence will be purchased in their respective districts by competent officers belonging to the respective battalions.

IV. Commanders of battalions and companies will report immediately their organization, strength, station, and outfit to their brigadier-general or other commander, and send a copy of each report tot he assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

V. The general commanding this special department is sensible that no appeal is necessary to the Mississippians in the defense of their families and their firesides, their Household Gods and their native land against insolent invaders engaged in a barbarous and fanatical crusade.

By command of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

L. D. SANDIDGE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army.

