
I have been cut up some little, but am still strong. Telegraph this to General Granger immediately.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,July 1, 1862-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

GENERAL: Have you not received my dispatches? I have been holding a large force of the enemy-prisoners say ten regiments-all day, and am considerably cut up. I want Mizner's two battalions and artillery and infantry supports. This is my third dispatch. I am holding my camp.

Telegraph my dispatches to General Granger.

I am, sir, yours, truly,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE,Rienzi, July 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff:

Communication just received from Boonesville as follows:

I have received your order to fall back. I have driven the enemy back and hurt them badly. I do not see any necessity of falling back. I will remain until I again hear from general headquarters, as the order was given before it was known I had driven the enemy back. Send down my forage. There was no force in front of me to-day but cavalry, nor is there any this side Guntown.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

My messenger sent with dispatches to General Hamilton just returned. He met scouts from General Hamilton, who reported that the general would be here at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning with his command.

The blockade of the road consisted of trees blown over by the wind, which can be easily removed, and so I expect the supply train will reach General Hamilton during the night.

After all these revelations, I ask once more if I shall send the infantry regiment and a battery forward to Booneville, where Colonel Mizner has already arrived with his command and the enemy withdrawn.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Reserve.

CORINTH, July 1, 1862.

General ELLIOTT:

Sheridan's dispatches received. Asboth must at once re-enforce Sheridan with a good regiment and a battery. Your detail and orders to Asboth are correct. Direct him further, in case this is anything more than a cavalry affair, to prepare to send away all his baggage.

