
JUNE 23, 1862.

General M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Panola:

GENERAL: Withdraw most of your force to Panola. Let the trains bring down freight at once. Let the freight cars and passenger cars, excepting one or two, remain under the orders of Colonel Hurt, military superintendent of transportation. It is a case of urgency.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 23, 1862.

AND. W. McKEE,

Agent Subsistence Department:

SIR: Your communication of the 15th instant to Lieutenant-Colonel Lee has been submitted to the general commanding, who directs me to say that he has found your suggestions in most respects practicable and promising valuable military results, but the region in which the operations are proposed is not in his command, and therefore he is unable to give the proper orders in the case.

Major-General Van Dorn, whose headquarters are at Jackson, is the proper officer to address in all matter affecting military operations in Louisiana.

General Hindman will be instructed not to permit his agents to interfere with the bacon or beef cattle you are collecting.

Your action touching the transmission of food for the suffering poor in New Orleans is approved, but great vigilance must be observed to prevent our people in West Louisiana from being the dupes in this connection of the present Federal commander at New Orleans, whose character and recent conduct must lead us to distrust his honorable performance of any promise or stipulation. However, this matter really comes within the province of the Governor of the State (who should be freely consulted) and of General Van Dorn.

The general is pleased to hear of your successful ferriage across the Mississippi of so many beef cattle.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 23, 1862.

General C. G. DAHLGREN,

La Fayette, Miss.:

GENERAL: As your recent command was exercised within limits now embraced within the department under command at present of Major-General Van Dorn, I have been instructed to transmit your valuable report of the 3rd instant to him for his information on many points therein.

As to any expenses incurred by you in the discharge of duties intrusted to you in orders from these headquarters, I am directed to say that if the proper accounts are made out in duplicate and forwarded here, duly certified to that the property was purchases or the expenses incurred as required by the Treasury regulations, they will be promptly approved and orders given their immediate payment. It may be

