
well to say that in these accounts care should be taken not to blend expenditures of the subsistence and quartermaster's departments in the same voucher.

The general is heartily sorry to hear such unpromising accounts of the behavior of the people of Adams County, but trusts the panic will pass by speedily, and the inspirations of patriotism, loyalty, and of the manhood of our fathers will resume full sway, sweeping aside the despicable and cheating prompting of selfishness.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 23, 1862.

Captain E. E. PORTER,

Commanding Partisan Rangers:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 17th instant, addressed to General Beauregard, has been read with great satisfaction by the general commanding, who instructs me to say that he entirely approves what you have done in the destruction of cotton and the removal of Government stores and bank assets. Indeed, all your movements appear to have been conducted with energy and judgment.

Send a statement of your expenditures, including subsistence and forage. Immediate attention will be given to it and early arrangements made for reimbursing you. State number and kind of arms you want, and direct your quartermaster to make an estimate of forage and subsistence needed by your command and forward same to this office.

It is the desire of the general commanding that you continue burning cotton as near Grand Junction as possible without too much hazard. There are a number of persons in that neighborhood whose cotton should be burned, among whom is Colonel Leake.

In the matter of medicines, your suggestions are very considerate, and you are hereby authorized to make such arrangements to procure them as you may deem proper. A list of the articles most needed will be furnished you by the medical director as soon as practicable.

It would be well to establish communication with these headquarters by means of an occasional courier.

You are instructed not to destroy any railroad bridges, as the road may be rendered useless to the enemy by frequently firing into trains from places of concealment by small parties of your command or by citizens.

Please forward an early return of the strength of your company to these headquarters, and also a copy of any correspondence with General Beauregard in relation to its organization and duties.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Abbeville, Miss., June 23, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES:

GENERAL: Note of yesterday received. The corps under my command is in readiness to move at such time as General Van Dorn may

