
MOBILE, ALA., June 25, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find the certificate of my physicians, members of my general staff is inspectors, recommending that I should withdraw for awhile from the command of Department Number 2.

This is the third certificate to the same effect I have received from them since my arrival at Jackson, Tenn., but finding or believing that my presence until now was absolutely necessary with the forces under my command I persistently refused to avail myself of their recommendation until the present moment, when I feel that in justice to myself and to the cause I am endeavoring to defend I must take a little rest and retire for awhile from the active scenes of life to which I have been accustomed for the last sixteen months. I will for the present repair to Bladon Springs, Ala., where I will always be ready to obey any orders of the department (regardless of my health) to resume the active duties of the field whenever circumstances will require that I should be so ordered.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 19. Tupelo, Miss., June 25, 1862.

I. Withers' division, Second Corps, is transferred and will constitute the Reserve Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

II. Jones' division will be known as Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 80. Tupelo, Miss., June 25, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Lee, of subsistence department, at his own request, is relieved from duty as the chief of his department with these headquarters. He will carry with him the thanks of the commander of the forces for his labors as chief of his department of the staff, a position environed by uncommon difficulties and embarrassments. A veteran of forty years, he leaves behind him a justly grateful remembrance of services rendered with zeal that springs from a long-trained sense of duty, quickened by an ardent patriotism. Colonel Lee will report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army in Richmond.

II. Major John J. Walker, subsistence department, will relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Lee and at once enter upon the duties of the chief of subsistence of this department. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

