
RICHMOND, VA., June 30, 1862.

General BRAGG,

Tupelo, Miss., via Mobile, Ala.:

In looking at my dispatch to you of yesterday I find that I stated the appropriation to the Selma and Meridian connection to be $400,000. I should have said $150,000. The act of Congress requires it to be advanced to the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad Company, who are to give security for its faithful application. It will be necessary, therefore, for me to pay it to them, and they must disburse it under your directions. I have so informed them, and requested them to send on their mortgage and an agent to draw the money.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

TUPELO, MISS., June 30, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

No troops going east from here but Buell's command. Twenty-five thousand crossing the Tennessee at Tuscumbia and moving by Huntsville toward Chattanooga. Want of transportation holds me in check. Am sending a small division to East Tennessee.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Tupelo, Miss., June 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: In accordance with your suggestion the general commanding has directed the Reserve Corps to move early to-morrow by the most direct route via Ellistown. It will take three days for infantry to make the march-about 45 miles from here. He wishes you to make a corresponding move with the cavalry, say 1,200 or 1,500, via Blackland, striking any enemy there and brushing him away, and by a fait create the impression that you are after Rienzi; then suddenly make for Ripley, but in rear of the enemy, so that he cannot retreat on Rienzi; and should he attempt to reach Grand Junction you must push him with great vigor, and compel him if possible to give us battle. Should he entirely escape us you may possibly convert the expedition into something useful by pushing on to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and breaking it up, as well as destroying bridges. You will receive further instructions from Brigadier-General Withers, who will command the expedition, but much is expected from your known intelligence and zeal in the conducting of the cavalry operations.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, RESERVE CORPS, Number 61. In Camp near Tupelo, Miss., June 30, 1862.

Colonel R. A. Smith relieves Colonel T. W. White, and hereby assumes command of this brigade. The various staff officers will continue to discharge the duties of their respective positions.

R. A. SMITH,

Colonel.

