
In case a strong advance is made on us, we will withdraw them from Rienzi. Send with all dispatch for Hamilton to return. Advise him of the movements.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,July 1, 1862-5 p.m.

General ASBOTH:

GENERAL: I will not want any infantry supports; I have whipped the enemy to-day. I was attacked by General Chalmers' cavalry, consisted of Brewer's, Adams', Clanton's, and other regiments, amounting to between eight and ten regiments. I have lost some fine officers and men, and have hurt the enemy badly.*

I think it would be well to let me have a battery of artillery. I might then be able to follow up the enemy.

I am, general, yours, truly,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

P. S.-Send down the train.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE, July 1, 1862.

General ELLIOTT:

I directed Colonel Sheridan, according to orders received, to fall back slowly. Shall I, under these circumstances, re-enforce him now with a regiment of infantry and a battery?

The supply train for General Hamilton is moving forward on the Ripley road, and General Hamilton is reported (but not authentically) encamped 14 miles from here, in great want of provisions. Shall I, under these circumstances, order back supply train as directed?

I have sent message to General Hamilton with the required information.

ASBOTH,Brigadier-General, Commanding Reserve.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

Your several dispatches of yesterday to Secretary of War and myself received. I did say, and now repeat, I would be exceedingly glad for some re-enforcements from you; still, do not send a man if, in your judgment, it will endanger any point you deem important to hold, or will force you to give up or weaken or delay the Chattanooga expedition. Please tell me, could you make me a flying visit for consultation, without endangering the service in your department?

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

*See Part I, pp.17-20.

---------------

