
GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 87. Tupelo, Miss., June 2, 1862.

The commander of the forces is pleased to have occasion to commend to the emulation of the cavalry officers of this army the intelligently conducted and enterprising expedition recently led by Captain W. C. Bacot (Forrest's cavalry), sent to reconnoiter the enemy's movements on the right flank. Captain Bacot penetrated his lines, surprised a strong picket post, and killed and captured almost the whole detachment. It is hoped that frequent instances of similar enterprise will have to be noticed.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 89. Tupelo, Miss., July 2, 1862.

I. In compliance with orders from the War Department, dated the 24th and 25th ultimo, the commander of the forces assumes command of Department Number 2, as extended by the President, and embracing, in addition to the limits already announced, all of Department Number 1, the entire State of Alabama, and eastward to the line of railroad from Chattanooga via Atlanta to West Point, Ga., on the Chattanooga River, and thence down that stream and the Apalachicola to the Gulf of Mexico.

II. The department is subdivided as follows:

1st. District of the Mississippi, embracing all the country west of Pearl River from its mouth to Jackson, Miss., and the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad to Grand Junction, Major General Earl Van Dorn commanding.

2d. District of the Gulf, which will include all the country east of Pearl River to the Apalachicola, and as far north as the thirty-second parallel of latitude, Brigadier General John H. Forney commanding.

III. The following rearrangement of the forces near these headquarters will have immediate effect:

1st. Major-General Polk, relieved from the command of a corps, is announced to the army as second in command of the forces.

2d. Major General W. J. Hardee is assigned to the command of the Army of the Mississippi, the several corps of which hereafter will be designated as divisions.

IV. District commanders will render as early as practicable returns of their forces and posts.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 6. Priceville, Miss., July 3, 1862.

The undersigned, as senior officer present, hereby assumes command of the Army of the West.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

