
GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 7. Priceville, Miss., July 3, 1862.

The major-general commanding announces the following as the staff of the Army of the West:

Adjutant-General's Department.-Major Thomas L. Snead and Captain James M. Loughborough, assistant adjutants-general.

Quartermaster's Department.-Major Randolph H. Dyer, chief quartermaster.

Subsistence Department.-Major John Reid, chief commissary of subsistence.

Medical Department.-Surg. T. D. Wooten, medical director.

Ordnance Department.-Captain Thomas H. Price, chief of ordnance.

Inspector-General's Department.-Captain Henry M. Clark, inspector general.

Engineer's Department.-Lieutenant John G. Kelly, chief engineer.

Aides-de-Camp.-Lieuts. Robert C. Wood and Clay Taylro.

By order of Major-General Price:

JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2,Tupelo, Miss., July 4, 1862.

Colonel SAMUEL TATE,

President Memphis and Charleston Railroad:

COLONEL: As you have kindly consented to take the general superintendence of the work of completing the Meridian and Selma Railroad the commanding general instructs me to request you to repair to Department, Ala., at your earliest convenience and relieve Captain P. H. Thomson, C. S. Army.

The principal object of taking military control of this important work is to give such aid to the company that it may be completed in the shortest time possible and render it available for military purposes. You will therefore please confer freely with the officers the company in question, who have at their disposition a loan of $150,000. You will doubtless be able so to arrange matters that while the interests of the company should be properly secured all possible expedition may be given to the completion of the work. You are fully authorized to employ all necessary engineers, agents, oversees, &amp;c. Labor will be obtained by hire, material by purchase, when practicable; but military necessity and the high public interest depending on the most vigorous prosecution of the work will justify impressment whensoever obstacles are interposed. It is hoped, however, this may be avoided; but if not, you will promptly resort to it. It is anticipated especially that you may find it difficult to secure all the iron, spikes, &c., for the road without impressment. In all such cases impress promptly and firmly, taking the needful articles from available sources where the least damage will be done or burden imposed.

Pleased to secure your services at this time, the general intrusts the work to you with every confidence in your known energy and long experience, well assured of an early and successful completion of the work. Please inform the general of the condition in which you may find the work, and from time to time of the progress made under you direction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN.

