
GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. FIRST DIST., DEPARTMENT Number 1, Number 4. Tangipahoa, La., July 4, 1862.

I. The passing of negroes, slaves or free, toward or into the enemy's lines is positively prohibited without a pass from the master (if a slave), countersigned and approved by the provost-marshall or highest military authority of the parish to which he belongs; if free, in addition to the permission of the local authorities, the approval of the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters will be required. Every negro, slave or free, who shall violate this order will be shot in the attempt unless he or she shall immediately submit to arrest when making the attempt to pass the lines or beyond the prescribed limits indicated by our advanced pickets or guards. All negroes, slave of free, who come from the enemy within our lines will be taken immediately under charge by our pickets and guards and delivered to the nearest provost-marshal for examination and detention, who will report each case without delay to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

L. D. SANDIDGE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 92. Tupelo, Miss., July 4, 1862.

I. Major L. W. O'Bannon, C. S. Army, is announced as chief quartermaster of the department. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Until otherwise ordered the salt ration for this army will be three quarts for every 100 rations issued.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 105. Tupelo, Miss., July 4, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XII. Withers' division, of the Army of the Mississippi, will take position without delay at Saltillo, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. The brigade of that division near these headquarters will be moved forward as soon as practicable.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 93. Tupelo, Miss., July 5, 1862.

The commander of the forces has to announce to the army a well-planned and soldierly executed expedition within the enemy's lines, led by Colonel W. H. Jackson, First Tennessee Cavalry, with a portion of his regiment, resulting in the capture of a Federal colonel and some 56 non-commissioned officers and privates and the destruction of a locomotive

