
CORINTH, MISS., July 2, 1862-6 p.m. (Received 11 p.m.)

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The enemy attacked us at Booneville yesterday in considerable force, but were defeated and driven back. Particulars not yet received.* On the line to Memphis they attacked a train and destroyed eight wagons. According to reports of scouts and deserters Bragg is preparing to attack us with the cavalry force of Beauregard's army. Under these circumstances I do not think I could safely be absent from my army, although, being somewhat broken in health and wearied out with long months of labor and care, a trip to Washington would be exceedingly desirable.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

JACKSON, TENN., July 2, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Corinth:

General Grant orders me to take command of the troops and district south of Union City and north of Memphis and Charleston Railroad, excepting, perhaps, Memphis. Shall I proceed to garrison, compose, and command the district according to my own judgment, or hold myself and command ready to move upon being relieved, according to your order by General Quinby?

Please advise me at once.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

BOLIVAR, July 2, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND:

It is currently reported and believed by some of the loyal citizens of this place that about 500 rebel cavalry have made their appearance in this county and have made their threats to burn the cotton now stored at the depots in this place. We have but 40 effective cavalrymen here and 275 infantry, and our camps are situated near the bridges and three-quarters of a mile from the depot.

Is it possible to have any of the cavalry at Grand Junction ordered here? Answer immediately.

W. L. SANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

As telegraphed last night, Hamilton will reach Rienzi at 8 o'clock this morning. What do you think of the propriety of posting him thus: Left division near Jacinto, covering the Marietta, Fulton, and Bay Springs roads; the right between Jacinto and Rienzi, covering Van Dorn's old road to Booneville? From these positions there are two roads leading back to this camp, besides the Glendale, Jacinto, and Farmington road, which is the best for wagons. It is 6 miles only from near

---------------

*See Part I, pp.17-20.

---------------

