
An officers of the quartermaster's department has been directed to report to you for duty with your expedition. You will see that he makes proper requisitions for funds, both on quartermaster's and subsistence departments. Make as frequent report of any operations as may be practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

TUPELO, MISS., July 7, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have tried several times [to write to] you, and I had a letter partly written from more than ten days, but before I finished it tore it up because I got mad as I wrote. We were all greatly startled by the orders placing General Bragg in permanent command. I knew well the President was watching his opportunity with a lynx eye to do you a disservice, and I had some vague apprehensions that he would attempt some injury when you left here; but I must confess I was little prepared for the boldness of the measure. As you perceive from a copy of the telegram inclosed there is a suggestio falsi in a sort of reason given for the act; that is, that you had quit the department on a surgeon's certificate. At the same time I learn that a rumor was set afloat in Richmond that you had applied for a leave of absence for four months, all of which looks very much like guarding somebody's rear. As soon as our feel rested I hope you will report for duty and orders to the War Department. I hope that you will be able to do so soon, and thus force your arch enemy to show his hand decisively at an early day if he dare to it. I have a fancy as to the line of policy that will be resorted to when you to report. It will be attempted to exile you to some small and inactive command, the Department of South Carolina for example, and the defense of Charleston and Savannah at a season when the climate will be a better defense than casemated forts. In that event I hope you will decline as incommensurate with your rank at this juncture, and then claim firmly either restoration to the command of this army, present and embodied as you should say at the call of your own voice, and organized and shaped by you, or a command in Virginia with that portion of the army there that you had also molded and organized.

General Bragg, before he received your note about your general staff, had at once requested me to remain with him as his chief of staff. I assented, knowing that you would wish it, and feeling it my duty to the casue, as I could of course be useful to him with my experience in the duties of the office, and my endurance under long-continued hours of labor such as such a place must involve. I should have preferred to go to Virginia at this time, but felt my duty was to stay and assist the general who has so little help in his officers of high rank. The glorious events in Virginia have, however, unsettled me greatly, and I begin to look that way with longing eyes and heart, especially as the signs of an advance of this army do not look as promising as I had expected by this time, especially when the spirit and temper of this army has so greatly improved. I do not think I can remain quiet if we are to remain here much longer, but I shall not move in the matter without consulting you; and be assured further, I shall be at your service whenever you take the field, a day near at hand I earnestly hope.

I have my eyes on an officer, high in rank, of this army, who, I think,

