
Johnston to have commanded such an army up to the very eve of such a campaign, and when his army ripe for great deeds, to lose the command in a petty affair; and how fortunate of the most fortunate is General Lee?
SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 8. Priceville, Miss., July 7, 1862.

I. The cavalry of this army will be, until further orders, under the immediate command of acting Brigadier General Frank C. Armstrong, to whom the commanding officers of all regiments, battalions, unattached companies, and squids of cavalry in the Army of the West will report forthwith.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Price:

THOS. L. SNEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 59. Tupelo, Miss., July 7, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Brigadier General S. A. M. Wood will relieve Brigadier General B. R. Johnson in command of the Third Division, Army of the Mississippi.

VI. Brigadier General B. R. Johnson is assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Army of the Mississippi.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2,Tupelo, Miss., July 8, 1862.

General CHALMERS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: Your communication* of the 8th instant has been laid before the general commanding, and he directs me to express his approbation of the energy, celerity, and skill exhibited in your late movements, and his satisfaction at the results accomplished. The duty to which you are assigned is one of value than any you could possibly perform in any other on which you could be employed. You will therefore continue to harass the enemy as much as possible, striking whenever an opportunity occurs, burn all cotton liable to fall into his hands, and gain whatever information you can of his whereabouts and intentions. He further directs me to inform you that he has learned that citizens who burn their cotton are maltreated by the enemy and their property destroyed. A letter has been sent to General Halleck under a flag of truce, informing him that any one committing such depredations will, if caught, suffer the most summary penalty. You are directed to use every exertion to arrest such offenders, that they may be brought to judgment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

