HDQRS. DEPARTMENT Number 2, ORDNANCE OFFICE,Near Tupelo, Miss., July 8, 1862.

Major J. T. CHAMPNEYS,

Commanding Ordnance Depot, Okolona, Miss.:

MAJOR: By order of the commanding general of the department you will please to have in ordnance depots at Tupelo and Verona, as far as the storage in each of those places will permit, 50 rounds of ammunition (fixed) for each and every piece of artillery now in the field, independent of 200 rounds of ammunition now in caissons. The artillery in the Army of the Mississippi consists of forty one 6-pounders, six 12-pounder guns, thirty-six 12-pounder howitzers, and fourteen rifled guns, the caliber of which last (rifled), as also of number of guns and their caliber in the Army of the West, you will please to ascertain from the chief of artillery of Department Number 2. The balance of ammunition (fixed) now at Okolona will be retained at that depot. The strapped projectiles not necessary in field service, materials for ordnance stores, damaged ammunition, powder obtained from broken cartridges (unfit for service by reason of its low range and being too soft), and edged tools unfit for service in field, if any, artillery equipments and implements unserviceable, &amp;c., will be sent to Columbus, Miss., and turned over to Major W. R. Hunt, commanding Confederate States Arsenal at that place. As there is no intention to fabricate at your post any other articles than blank cartidges for field rifled pieces, you will please to exercise your own judgment as to which stores and articles you may need besides ammunition (fixed) for field artillery service in prosecution of the war.

Permit me to mention to you that we have in our service the following (not rifled) guns, viz, 6-pounder, 3.3-inch and 3-inch for field service.

Please order to be prepared an inventory of all ordnance and ordnance stores which you may judge proper to retain under your charge, and make requisition for necessary articles you may require at your depot and send to me to enable us to procure them.

Lieutenant W. M. Levy is ordered to report to you for duty. I cannot say he is entirely posted in ordnance manual, but permit me to introduce him as an intelligent and energetic young officer, and I hope, with your instructions and teachings, he will be efficient.

Very respectfully,

H. OLADOWSKI.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS., Number 1. Camp near Tupelo, Miss., July 8, 1862.

Hereafter the different brigades of this command will report directly to these headquarters, and will be denominated First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Brigades, as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier General Daniel S. Donelson, composed of Sixteenth Fifteenth, Fifty-first, and Eighth Regiments Tennessee Volunteers and Captain Carne's battery of light artillery.

Second Brigade, Brigadier General A. P. Stewart, composed of Fourth, Fifth, Twenty-fourth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third Regiments Tennessee Volunteers and Captain Stanford's battery of light artillery.

Third Brigade, Brigadier General S. B. Maxey, composed of Forty-first Regiment Georgia Volunteers, Ninth Regiment Texas Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, and Captain Eldridge's battery of light artillery.

