
Fourth Brigade, Brigadier General George Maney, composed of Ninth, Sixth, and Twenty-seventh Regiments Tennessee Volunteers and Captain M. Smith's battery of light artillery.

Fifth Brigade, Brigadier General Preston Smith, composed of One hundred and fifty-fourth, Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Forty-seventh Regiments Tennessee Volunteers, Captain Edmondson's company of sharpshooters, and Captain S. P. Bankhead's battery of artillery.

By command of Major-General Cheatham:

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, MISS., July 10, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Bombardment Vicksburg ceased. Enemy now endeavoring to make cut-off across neck of land west and direct channel river from under our batteries. A long and disasters drought, threatening destruction to the grain crop, continued here, and renders any move impracticable for want of water.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 10, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c., Tupelo, Miss.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War instructs me to say, in reply to your commanding of 26th ultimo, relating to the railroad connection between Meridian, Miss., and Selma, Ala., that the department fully appreciates the importance of this road and is most desirous of completing it. Accordingly, with the consent of the company, it has already authorized you to take possession of and complete it. Until Congress meets in August the only appropriation applicable to the purpose is the $150,000 authorized to be advanced to the company. The department proposes to execute the law by making this advance, taking security for its application, and by permitting the company to make the necessary disbursements under your order. To complete this work by seizing the road and the material required for its completion will be not only illegal, but will run the Government to enormous cost, irritate the people, and leave open a question between the Government and the company concerning transportation, &c.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2,Tupelo, Miss., July 12, 1862.

The ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Since my communication of June -- last nothing requiring special report has occurred in this command. The time since that has been diligently applied to organization, discipline, and instructions, with a very marked improvement. The health and general tone of the troops,

