
west of the Mississippi River. Were it at all prudent for me to spare them, I do not see how it practicable to cross such a force over the river.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[JULY 13, 1862.-The Missouri State Guard, under command of Brigadier General Moseby M. Parsons, relieved from duty east of the Mississippi and ordered to Arkansas. See Series I, Vol. XIII, p.855.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE WEST,Plantersville, Ala., July 13, 1862.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the West:

MAJOR: In obedience to circular from department headquarters I have the honor to report the following commands in this brigade: Forrest's cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Kelley commanding, stationed near Priceville-four companies detached on special service from headquarters department; McCulloch's battalion, nine companies, Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch, commanding, near Plantersville; Louisiana Squadron, Captain Webb, near Plantersville; Hill's company of Mississippi cavalry, at Fulton; Second Tennessee Battalion, seven companies, Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Barteau commanding, near By Springs. The pickets occupy a line extending from near Baldwyn to Marietta, Bay Springs, and Fulton. There are also two detachments-one at General Little's headquarters and one at General Green's-which I propose to form into a company and put into McCulloch's battalion, making it a regiment. I would suggest that the squadron of Louisiana cavalry be merged into one company, as there are not sufficient men to justify the number of officers required in a squadron. The best officers might be selected and an efficient company formed. Captain Sanders' company encamped near Verona, but is now scouting northward from Marietta.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 98. Tupelo, Miss., July 13, 1862.

Suitable cavalry detachments from each army will be kept constantly patrolling in the vicinity of the several encampments occupied by the forces and in the neighborhood. These detachments will arrest all stragglers and persons improperly absent from their regiments, and will rigidly suppress depredations on the gardens, corn fields, and property of our citizens, which, the commanding general learns with extreme mortification, are carried on to a disgraceful extent. Soldiers, your enemy is represented as more regardful of the private property of our people than you have been of late. This must not continue; it will lead to your shame and demoralization. A demoralized army can never shed honor on our arms or give lasting success to any cause.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

