
get behind Grand Junction and cut off and obstruct the railroad thence to Jackson, Tenn., and also destroy all cotton within the region of his operations. At the same time General Villepigue will detach any infantry and artillery force that General Chalmers may require, and also Jackson's and Pinson's regiments of Tennessee [and Mississippi] cavalry, to co-operate with the movement of General Chalmers, to which end the two generals will communicate with each other and arrange as early as practicable for the most efficient and prompt execution of this order. It is further expected that opportunities may occur in the course of this expedition for striking at considerable detachments of the enemy, to which end all due preparation will be made for a signal success.

II. The available cavalry force of the Army of the West, under acting Brigadier-General Armstrong, will move at once toward the Tennessee communicate with Captain practicable to Decatur. General Armstrong will communicate with Captain Roddey, commanding cavalry scouts in that quarter, after which he will operate at his own discretion, doing all practicable things to harass the enemy and cut off any detachments or supply trains. General Armstrong will likewise destroy all cotton within the district of his operations.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

TUPELO, MISS., July 17, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Will General Magruder pass by these headquarters? Have important information for him.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2,Tupelo, Miss., July 17, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

(Through Major-General Hardee.)

GENERAL: The order directing you to withdraw your command on this point is revoked, and instead the commander of the forces directs me to say he wishes you to prosecute any expedition in which you are engaged, and to push and harass the enemy with the utmost vigor compatible with the due military precaution, prudence, and the strength and composition of your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS,WAR DEPT., AJDT. & INSP. General 'S OFFICE, Number 50. Richmond, Va., July 18, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Military Department Number 2 will embrace the States of Mississippi, Alabama, East Louisiana, and part of Florida which is west of the Chattahoochee and Alapachicola Rivers.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

