
Rienzi on the railroad to Jacinto; it would therefore be easy to supply them. The water is good; the roads both south and to their rear offer many strong defensive positions. Their right flank would be secured by Asboth's positions and the Tuscumbia Bottom, which is wide and very difficult, the Jacinto road having had nine bridges connected by a causeway to make good the road across against a demonstration. Asboth could be supported; in case of anything more serious he could be withdrawn. I shall direct Hamilton to hold his troops near Rienzi and examine the ground with a view to this movement and await your decision.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

POPE'S HEADQUARTERS, July 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Colonel Sheridan's report via Rienzi this morning confirms the repulse of a very strong cavalry force of ten regiments, names of most being given. He followed them 4 miles on the Booneville and Blackland road, along which he found many dead and wounded. Nine of our wounded have been brought to Rienzi. I have sent him a battery and two infantry companies to support it. Should like to know decision about location of the left wing, now coming from Nolin's to Rienzi. Hamilton has arrived at Rienzi with his staff. Will it not be better to withdraw that brigade from Hatchie Crossing?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, July 2, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your proposed disposition of Hamilton's division is approved, if the roads and water prove satisfactory an examination.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Booneville, July 2, 1862-9.30 a.m.

General ASBOTH,

Rienzi:

GENERAL: I do not wish any further supports. The enemy have "skedaddled."

The artillery and infantry have all arrived, for which I am very much obliged, as well as for the forage you are sending.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Sheridan:

The enemy have retreated, and in all probability to Guntown and Saltillo. There are none of them to be found between Booneville and Blackland. I have two companies

5 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

