
GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 101. Tupelo, Miss., July 18, 1862.

It is necessary that the military service should have all the disposable forage, breadstuffs, and meat along the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad without competition with speculators or dealers in produce, and all such persons, or persons not purchasing for their own actual consumption, are ordered to make their purchases in other districts. The rich districts of the Alabama River and the railroads in Alabama are open to their operations, and competition with Government agents, so highly obstructive and injurious, will not be any longer permitted.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 125. Tupelo, Miss., July 18, 1862.

In consequence of his health, Brigadier General James R. Chalmers having asked to be relieved from the command of the cavalry of the Army of the Mississippi and of the outposts, he will turn over the command to Colonel Joseph Wheeler, Alabama Volunteers, and rejoin his brigade of infantry.

The general commanding is pleased to bear testimony to the energy, enterprise, and intelligence which have charactized Brigadier-General Chalmers as the commander of the outposts of the forces and his successful efforts to introduce discipline and good order into the cavalry, as well as the gallantry with which he has handled his troops in several affairs with the enemy.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE WEST,

Near Fulton, Miss., July 19, 1862.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In pursuance to verbal instructions from the general commanding department I marched on the 18th to Fulton with the available force of my brigade, after leaving several companies for picket duty at Bay Springs and Marietta. I inclose report* of my command present. In order to deceive the Union men, who infest the direct route toward Russellville, I have deemed it best to make a detour, passing near Pikeville and getting into the Bull Mountain road, then moving rapidly northward toward Decatur. I can obtain some forage by that route. In case the picket left at Bay Springs and Marietta are forced to fall back (and I have ordered the officers in command to do it only before an overwhelming force), to do so in the direction of Mooreville, reporting to you and the pickets at Baldwyn. If a battalion or regiment could be placed 30 miles from Fulton on the road to Russellville they could obtain forage and clear the country of a number of Union men, who inform the enemy of every movement of our army. At present I

---------------

*The report inclosed shows that his command consisted of Forrest's regiment, McCulloch's and Savery's battalions, Sanders' and Hill's companies, and the Second Tennessee; aggregate present for duty,

---------------

