
I am left in doubt, from what I can learn, whether yours is a separate command, or still, as formerly, a part of General Johnston's old department and hence embraced within my command. Can you enlighten me by copies of any orders or instructions you may have? My only desire is to know the precise limits of my responsibilities, not to interfere in the least with your operations and command, as you must know best when and how to act, and have my fullest confidence.

That was a gallant, brilliant operation of Forrest's, and has given us one of the most obnoxious of the enemy's leaders. Such successful efforts deserve immediate reward, and I will cheerfully meet with you in recommending Colonel Forrest. This affair, added to his gallantry at Shiloh, where he was severely wounded, mark him as a valuable soldier.

We have driven off the enemy, badly crippled, from Vicksburg, but they are probably organizing for a land attack in force. Curtis has escaped from Arkansas and reached the Mississippi in safety. He will now be enabled to unite against us.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General Braxton Bragg's Command.-[About July 20, 1862.]

ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

[General Braxton Bragg.]

First Corps, Major General L. Polk commanding.

First Division.-First Brigade, Colonel R. M. Russell; Second Brigade, Brigadier General A. P. Stewart.

Second Division.-First Brigade, Brigadier General D. S. Donelson; Second Brigade, Brigadier General George Maney; detached brigade, Brigadier General S. B. Maxey.

Second Corps, Major General Samuel Jones commanding.

First Brigade, Brigadier-General Anderson; Second Brigade, Colonel A. Reichard; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Walker.

Third Corps, Major General W. J. Hardee commanding.

First Brigade, Colonel St. J. R. Liddell; Second Brigade, Brigadier General P. R. Cleburne; Third Brigade, Brigadier General S. A. M. Wood; Fourth Brigade, Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke; Fifth Brigade, Colonel A. T. Hawthorn.

Reserve Corps, Brigadier General J. M. Withers commanding.

First Brigade, Brigadier General Frank Garnder; Second Brigade, Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers; Third Brigade, Brigadier General J. K. Jackson; Fourth Brigade, Colonel A. M. Manigault; First Louisiana Infantry [detached],

Lieutenant-Colonel Farrar.

ARMY OF THE WEST.

[Major General J. P. McCown.]

First Division [Brigadier General Henry Little].-First Brigade, Colonel Elijah Gates; Second Brigade, Brigadier General Louis Hebert; Third Brigade, Brigadier General M. E. Green.

