
move via Aberdeen, Columbus, Miss., Tuscaloosa, through Will's Valley to Gadsden, Ala., and Rome, Ga. The batteries may be sent by rail from Randolph via Talladega, the horses by the ordinary roads, meeting the batteries at the terminus of the railroad.

2d. The regiment of Louisiana infantry will march with the trains as an escort.

3d. Cheatham's Withers', and Jones' divisions will be dispatched by rail via Mobile in the order named. Wood's division will move in accordance with instructions to be hereafter given; meantime it will be held in readiness.

4th. The several chiefs of staff departments of the forces will take measures to carry out these movements.

5th. Commanders especially and officers of all grades are earnestly called on to enforce discipline, secure good order, and prevent straggling. No delays must occur by the wayside from tardiness on the part of the troops. The high reputation this army has made for itself must not be sacrificed for petty personal gratifications; its efficiency must be preserved in order that it may strike the enemy effectively and decisively in the impending campaign.

II. Major-General Price, commanding Army of the West, will assume command of all troops in the State of Mississippi not included in the District of the Mississippi and of the Gulf. He will be charged with all operations within the prescribed limits and Northwest Alabama. This command will be known as the District of the Tennessee.

III. The available infantry force now at Mobile and Pollard will be thrown forward to Chattanooga with all possible dispatch. They will be replaced by a part of Jones' division, Army of the Mississippi.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Number 6. Tupelo, Miss., July 23, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

So much of Paragraph III, Special Orders, Number 4, Headquarters of the Forces, July 21, 1862, as relates to Jones' division is revoked, and Major-General Hardee will detach from his command the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Regiments Alabama and the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers, to form part of the garrison of the defenses of Mobile, and to report to the commanding general of the District of the Gulf.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Bragg:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Tupelo, Miss., July 24, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Army of the West, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commander of the forces to inform you that Captain Roddey is detached with a squadron of cavalry on special service in Northwest Alabama, where he has shown himself

42 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

