
to be an officer of rare energy, enterprise, and skill in harassing the enemy and procuring information of his movements. Captain Roddey has the entire confidence of the commanding general, who wishes to commend him to you as one eminently worthy of trust. He wishes Captain Roddey to remain detached as now and to continue, as at present, invested with the widest discretion as to his movements and operations. The general has always directed Captain Roddey to be furnished with money and supplies on his requisition.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 103. Tupelo, Miss., July 24, 1862.

By direction of the President of the Confederate States a court of inquiry is appointed to assemble at such time and place as may hereafter be determined by Major-General Van Dorn to examine into the conduct of Major General G. B. Crittenden, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, under the provisions of the "act to punish drunkenness in the army," approved April 21, 1862.

Detail for the Court: Major General Earl Van Dorn, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Major General John C. Breckinridge, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Major General Daniel Ruggles, Provisional Army of the Confederate States. Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Brent is appointed judge-advocate, and is authorized to issue summons or subpoenas to all the necessary witnesses within the limits of the department, which all persons will be required to obey promptly.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 131. Tupelo, Miss., July 24, 1862.

I. The headquarters of the department are transferred to Chattanooga, Tenn., where all the required reports will be made as usual.

II. The different chief of staff departments will take early measures to reduce the depots of supplies in their respective departments in the District of Tennessee to a proper supply basis.

III. The medical director will arrange for the early reduction of the general hospitals, and all convalescents of the Army of the Mississippi will be sent after their regiments as soon as practicable.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, VA., July 26, 1862.

General BRAGG, Mobile, Ala:

Adjutant-general informs me that he has written to you at Tupelo in relation to additional generals, pointing out limitation of authority in laws. Have you received the letter? I wish to aid and sustain you in every practicable manner. Only generals for brigades and divisions can be appointed by me, as legally authorized.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

