
of infantry and a battery of artillery for support furnished by General Asboth, which is all that is necessary at the present time. We were attacked by General Chalmers with the following regiments: Brewer's, 200 strong, Adams', 874; Greer's, 800; First Alabama Battalion, 180; Kentucky Battalion, 180; Clanton's, 800; Balch's, 800, and probably two others.

I have issued an order complimenting Sheridan and his command. More cavalry massed under such an officer would be of great use to us.

Sheridan ought to be made a brigadier. He would not be a stampeding general.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 2, 1862.,General C. S. HAMILTON,

Rienzi:

The general commanding directs me to say that from the reports of your medical director you seem to be of the impression that only a bivouac of four or five days is intended. Such is not the case. Your command will be put in camp south of the Jacinto and Rienzi road, the left covering the approach from the east, southeast, and south; the right that by the Van Dorn road toward Booneville. Should you find this practicable and a good camping ground you will then open communication with your old camp, repairing the road and blazing the way.

Your supplies will reach you via Rienzi or be procured from there when practicable.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR HOLLY SPRINGS, July 2, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

I have positive knowledge that Jackson's cavalry have passed to the south of the Tallahatchie, where there is an infantry force. Nothing at Holly Springs. Have not yet heard from Hamilton's division, which ought to have been here from Corinth since yesterday.

Have heard of the attack on my train. Am satisfied with the result. They won't try it again at this point. I cover nearly the whole road east of Germantown. I will take in the country enough mules to make good the loss by the stampede. It is going to cost much to supply us, and it might be better for a time to reoccupy La Grange and Moscow, but Halleck's orders were for me to co-operate with Hamilton; would be at Holly Springs Tuesday morning.

W. T. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Trenton, Tenn., July 2, 1862.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: On the return of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry through this place I have turned out of their lines all negroes that I knew were not clearly contraband. Among them were one family of a Mr. Sims

