
command together you will proceed without delay to Bay Springs and establish your headquarters in that immediate vicinity, and take command of all the cavalry which may be there and at Marietta and in the neighborhood of these places.

You will, as far as the instructions of General Armstrong to Major Morton permit, extend your operations in the direction of Tennessee River, between Jacinto and Iuka, and gain all the information that you can as to the position, strength, and movements of the enemy. You will send daily information to these headquarters of your movements.

Lieutenant Wells, commanding a detachment of scouts, will report to you with 14 men as part of your command. He is a very reliable officer. You will, if possible, arm his men efficiently for the expedition. The arms will be returned immediately. The commissary of the cavalry brigade will be ordered to provide subsistence for you at Bay Springs after the expiration of five days, and you are authorized to purchase such subsistence and forage as you may require, and to give orders for the payment of the same on the proper officer of the brigade.

The major-general commanding reposes trust in the intelligence, prudence, and courage with which you will conduct this expedition.

You will upon leaving Fulton report the fact to these headquarters, with the number of your officers and men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 28, 1862.-For Beauregard to Bragg, in reference to military operations, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part I, p.711.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tupelo, Miss., July 29, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding Second Division, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acquaint you that he will leave Tupelo on to-day's train. The general will expect division commanders to exert every energy to forward promptly the troops of their respective commands. A regimental supply of ammunition will in all cases be kept on hand and be transported with the regiment. The troops will be provided with seven days' rations of bacon and two days' rations of bread. Fresh supplies of bread will be obtained at Mobile, Montgomery, and Atlanta. Division commanders are authorized to order the discharge of non-conscripts whose names shall be reported for discharge by the examining boards appointed under General Orders, Number 28, current series.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Tupelo, Miss., July 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General LITTLE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: You will at once take position at Saltillo with two brigades of your division, ordering General Green's brigade forward instantly,

