
Abstract from Morning Reports of Ruggles' division, July 31, 1862.

Present for duty Present sick

Commands	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

First Brigade	 78	 933	 3	 139

Second Brigade	 71	 930	 1	 99

Total	 149	 1,863	 4	 238

[AUGUST 1, 1862.-For Bragg to Cooper, from Chattanooga, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p.741.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN, August 2, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

Rosecrans commands Pope's army. Nearly the whole force at Corinth should be moved this way. The road is open for you into Western Tennessee. Captain Roddey must ascertain and report if he crosses river.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, August 3, 1862.

General ARMSTRONG:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to make a descent, if practicable, upon Iuka and Eastport. It is said that they are feebly garrisoned, and that the public stores at the latter place are very valuable. He does not wish you to incur any risk, nor to make attack unless you shall be fully satisfied of your ability to withdraw your command, the presence of which and also yourself is very important to this army. He also instructs me to impress upon you the absolute importance of not delaying an hour in the vicinity of any place were you may strike a blow, and of moving your command rapidly to some distant point.

Captain Kitchen is at Bay Springs with about 100 good men. He is a perfectly reliable man and excellent officer. He will be instructed to hold himself in readiness to obey your orders. Major-General Little is at Saltillo with his command.

The bearer, Lieutenant Trezevant, of Forrest's cavalry, will explain the omissions and give you much valuable information. You will please hasten to return with your command to camp, as there is important work to be done.

General Bragg has sent the following dispatch to the major-general commanding:

Convey to General Armstrong my cordial congratulations at his successes. The conduct of himself and his gallant command shall be made the subject of a special dispatch to the Government.

You will please notify me of the receipt of this communication.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

