
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 104. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 3, 1862.

At the request of Brigadier General W. H. Carroll, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, the allegations against that officer will be laid before and investigated by the officers appointed in General Orders, Number 103, Department Number 2, Tupelo, Miss., July 24, 1862, as a court of inquiry to inquire into the conduct of Major-General Crittenden.

In the matter of Brigadier-General Carroll, these officers will constitute and sit as a court of inquiry within the purview of the ninety-first article of war, and will take up the investigation at such time or times and place or places as Major-General Van Dorn my direct.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE, Tupelo, Miss., August 4, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the general commanding, copies of two letters which I have addressed to General Van Dorn and Governor Pettus, respectively [A and B]. I addressed similar communications to them on the 31st ultimo [C and D], but have not yet received any reply.

I am extremely impatient to begin a forward movement, and am bending every energy to do so without any unnecessary delay. I am ordering forward the entire disposable force in the district. I expect to begin my march within a week or ten days.

The enemy are still moving eastward rapidly. I do not think that they have at this time more than 15,000 men in the vicinity of Corinth, and probably about the same number at Memphis, Bolivar, and Jackson. General Armstrong has not returned yet. Colonel Wheeler got here to-day. His command will arrive to-morrow, and Hagan's and Wade's regiments will leave at once en route for Chattanooga.

I have the honor to be, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE, Tupelo, Miss., August 4, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding District of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you yesterday that dispatches from General Bragg make it almost impossible for me to re-enforce General Breckinridge. He says very pointedly that West Tennessee is now open to my army, intimating that he expects me to enter it. I do not feel at liberty to disregard such an intimation, especially when I consider the very important relations which this army bears to that in East Tennessee. I cannot get possession of the railroad before Thursday. It will then take at least a week to transport to this point the troops, &amp;c., which

