
instantly to this place. The first train for their transportation will be at Columbus on Thursday, the 7th instant, and the general, relying upon your well-known energy and experience, charges you with the duty of causing them to be transported without delay. Measures must be promptly taken to bring into camp all those who are well enough. The whereabouts and condition of those not well enough will be carefully ascertained and reported. No more furloughs or leaves of absence will be granted until further orders, except under peculiar circumstances. You will please communicate these orders to the commanders of the troops at Columbus, and designate which troops are to remain there on garrison duty. Retain only so many as are absolutely necessary, and hold them in readiness to be moved at any moment, for it is hoped that they will soon be relieved by the State Militia. The general suggests for your consideration the propriety of removing the prisoners of war from Columbus to a point where the public property is less valuable and where the facilities for escape are not so great. Their removal would obviate the necessity of keeping so large a garrison at Columbus, and might be beneficial otherwise. You will please consider the subject and report the facts and your opinion to the general. You will please telegraph whether you will be able to begin the shipment of the troops on Thursday.

I am respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 5, 1862. [Received at Tupelo, Miss., August 6, 1862.]

General STERLING PRICE:

Impossible to spare you more cavalry than already given. None here now, and our movements much retarded for want of it. Your movement will accord finely with ours.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Tupelo, Miss., August 6, 1862.

Captain GEORGE L. BAXTER:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he submits it altogether to your discretion whether you make the attempt to capture General Grant or not. While the exploit would be very brilliant if successful, you to continue to show these qualities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 6, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of the general officers serving with the troops in this department, and a statement* of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

