
and also one of Mr. Davis. I prepared to enforce my order at all hazards, and only met with some opposition from one officer, Captain Rafferty, who had some difficulty with the provost-marshal, and who I send to you under arrest. The order was enforced by the First Kansas Infantry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, July 3, 1862. (Received July 4, 1.30 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Immediately on the taking of Corinth you informed me that General Mitchel had been ordered to cross locomotives and cars at Decatur. I telegraphed him the number I wanted. I have learned that not one was crossed over and no preparation made to do so. I also ordered locomotives and cars from Louisville. After a whole month two have arrived at Columbus. I can learn nothing of the others ordered. I have demanded an explanation of this neglect from the chief quartermaster at that place. I understand that General Mitchel has been ordered to Washington. He should be required to give some explanation. These delays and neglect of duty have greatly embarrassed me in supplying General Buell's forces en route against Chattanooga.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 3, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Deliver to enemy's line all your prisoners not officers, except those guilty of barbarously treating our men, on parole not to serve till exchanged, as already stated.

No more troops can be sent to Memphis at present. Enemy attacked Booneville but was driven back with considerable loss. Please rescind your orders about districts. They cannot be formed yet. As order to send troops to Washington is suspended, do all in your power to re-enforce Curtis; it is very possible that he has moved to Madison to open communication with Memphis; if not, he is going down east side of White River. We have no telegraph communication with him and can only guess where he is. Do all you can to ascertain.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., July 3, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

Other pressing business has prevented me from giving an earlier answer to your telegram of the 29th ultimo.

In asking you to report by whose negligence the train which was destroyed by the enemy had been sent over the road before it was properly guarded I made non insinuation that there had been the slightest

