
control of these lines. Having failed to discharge this duty it is not graceful in him to withhold necessary supplies for me to do it for him.

It is but justice that I should be furnished with the name of the man who makes this false report to the Post-Office Department. If my suspicious are correct it will be found that a certain telegraph operator or agent of that department-a notorious Dr. Morris, the corrupt tool and representative of a Yankee corporation-will figure in the result. I am credibly informed by an operator on the line that my official dispatches from Tupelo were never permitted to pass until inspected by this man Morris and approved by him. This may account for the non-reception by General Smith at this point of some important dispatches from Tupelo, by which our very important operations here are very much retarded. Had I really assumed the control of the lines to the extent imputed by the Postmaster-General it might have been unsafe for this tool of the Yankees to have played the spy-if not traitor-as to my military dispatches.

I would respectfully suggest that an imaginary error of mine would not justify the suspension of telegraph operations in this department, by which our cause might be greatly jeopardized if not lost. It may be important for the Post-Office Department to get control of the telegraph, but it is equally important for us to keep up communications with our troops and defeat the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE, Tupelo, Miss., August 9, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF ALABAMA:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to state that I have been compelled, in view of resuming offensive operations, immediately to withdraw the regiment which has been guarding the valuable public stores and workshops at Gainesville, in your State, and to request you to order out a sufficient number of the militia to take its place. I cannot wait for the regiment to be relieved by the State troops, but must withdraw it on Monday, the 11th instant, and orders to that effect have been already issued. I hope that Your Excellency will act without delay. Colonel Thomas H. Rosser, commanding the post, can inform Your Excellency as to the number of troops that will be required. I presume 500 will suffice. Governor Pettus has promptly responded to a similar call by ordering 2,000 of the militia to garrison the several posts in this State, from which I am withdrawing the garrisons. I most respectfully beg Your Excellency to organize a sufficient militia force to garrison such other posts as it may become necessary for us to establish in Alabama as we advance northward.

Relying confidently upon your desire to co-operate with me vigorously in the effort which I am about to make-to drive the Federal armies from this State and Alabama-and upon the patriotism of the people of your State, I shall myself move steadily forward.

Major John Tyler, one of my staff officers, will present this letter to you and explain my views more fully to Your Excellency.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

