HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Guntown, Miss., August 10, 1862.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Tennessee:

MAJOR: Pursuant to instructions I have established my headquarters at this place, and have nearly all of my brigade encamped in advance of me. Wirt Adams' cavalry nor the Arkansas regiment have yet arrived. The Fourth Mississippi Cavalry reported five companies present last evening, but not more than three of them armed. Their horses are in good condition, but the officers have seen no service. Will it be possible to have the ordnance officer at Columbus directed to have all cavalry arms sent to Verona or Tupelo, where I can draw them to arm these companies? The train came up yesterday, but the quartermaster failed to send any forage. My whole brigade is to-day without any. A train of corn every day might be sent up. It is impossible to obtain it in any other way. I hope, major, that some exertion on the part of the quartermaster's department will be made to furnish what I ask for, as it will be useless to keep my brigade together without it. I respectfully request that the telegraph line be put in working order to this place, as it would save much riding and express duty.

I have the honor to be, major, with much respect, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 10, 1862. [Received at Tupelo, Miss., August 11, 1862.]

General STERLING PRICE:

General Van Dorn directed to move as suggested by you and co- operate. General Smith in motion from Knoxville; we will follow soon. Are you advised as to Rosecrans crossing to join Buell? We have such report.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

JACKSON, MISS., August 11, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

Am directed to take offensive toward Grand Junction and Memphis. Breckinridge is near Baton Rouge; enemy been re-enforced from New Orleans; am afraid Breckinridge is too feeble to make decisive result. It will be two weeks before I can do anything. Very important to secure mouth of Red River. Can you not, therefore, send Breckinridge a brigade to make sure? They can then go with me to Grand Junction and rejoin you there. Answer. If yes, when will be here? Bragg can not move, I think, in three weeks yet.

EARL VAN DORN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 11, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In view of the operations from here it is very desirable to press the enemy closely in West Tennessee. We learn their forces

