HEADQUARTERS, August 12, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In inclosing copies of the inspection report of Lieutenant-Colonel Hallonquist and Captain Jones for the information of the War Department, I beg to call attention to the absence of proper organization and to the great disparity of numbers in the arms of the service in General Van Dorn's command. The enormous amount of field artillery-ninety four guns-for an effective infantry of 16,000 is a palpable absurdity and evil I shall proceed to abate by all legal means in my power. No treasury could long stand such expenditures, and the resources of no country could supply material for guns, ammunition, harness, horses, and forage; besides, it would effectually destroy the efficiency of any force to be this encumbered by the most unwieldy of arms. As this organization was in existence before Major-General Van Dorn took the command he is probably not responsible for it, though his recent requisitions call for means to keep up and even increase the artillery. The commands of Major-General Breckinridge and Brigadier-Generals Ruggles and Villepigue appear to be homogeneous and in proportion, but those of Brigadiers Smith and Beall are worse than incumbrances. A very large portion of this artillery I recommend be at once converted into infantry.

Attention is especially called to the very comprehensive and thorough report of Captain Jones. It shows great industry, zeal, and professional ability, and proves the author worthy of a higher position in the service. Many points relating to the staff departments and officers are worthy of the early attention of the War Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,[BRAXTON BRAGG,]

General, Commanding.

TUPELO, MISS., August 12, 1862.

General BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The reports from Rosecrans are conflicting; he is probably on this side of the Tennessee.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE, Tupelo, Miss., August 12, 1862.

General BRAGG:

Rosecrans, with his command, is at Corinth and Rienzi. All reports confirm this, and I believe it to be reliable.

STERLING PRICE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 14, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I beg to call your attention to the arsenal at Columbus, Miss., and suggest a thorough inspection and overhauling. It is being expanded

