
neglect on your part. Indeed, I supposed the whole thing had been done before you assumed the immediate command at Memphis. What I wanted to know were the facts of the case-who sent it out, and why it was exposed to destruction. This I directed you to investigate and report, and you take offense at the order, as intended to reflect upon you. Nor did I suppose for a moment that you were stampeded; for I know that is not in your nature; but I believed there was a stampede about the enemy threatening our line to Memphis with 30,000 men, and I now have good evidence that he did not have one-tenth of that number.

Again, you complain that troops belonging to your general command received orders direct from me while present with the army here. I shall, whenever occasion requires it, exercise the right of issuing orders direct to any detached command, or to any undetached command, if I deem it necessary. On moving your headquarters to Memphis, where there was only a very small part of the troops of this army, with communications difficult and precarious, you could hardly suppose that I would send orders, which required immediate execution, through you, who were more than a hundred miles away, when my direct orders would reach them in a few minutes. Moreover, I had information of the enemy which you could not possibly have had. I will further add that from your position at Memphis it is impossible for you to exercise the immediate command in this direction.

I must confess that I was very much, surprised at the tone of your dispatch and the ill-feeling manifested in it, so contrary to your usual style, and especially toward one how has so often befriended you when you were attacked by others.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, July 3, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

General Sherman's cavalry has reconnoitered toward Memphis, from Holly Springs, and reports that Jackson's cavalry crossed the Memphis and Charleston Railroad in a southerly direction this morning.

M. D. LEGGETT,

Colonel, Seventy-eighth Ohio.

CORINTH, July 3, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

The recall of Hamilton was under an order to immediately send troops to Washington. The rumor of McClellan's defeat was afterward contradicted and the order suspended, but too late to countermand Hamilton's return. Sherman's command was ordered back for same reasons, by the probably did not receive it. Send him this by the courier. I am waiting full report of Sheridan's affair to send to Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISS., Number 140. Corinth, Miss., July 3, 1862.

I. The commanding officer at Columbus is charged with guarding the railroad from that place to Humboldt, inclusive; the commanding officer

