
I will write directly to Pollard, the writer or compiler of "The First Year of the War," and let him know in a private note the facts, besides which I will reach him through a friend in Richmond. You know he is an editor of the Examiner, a paper become quite friendly to you of late out of opposition to Mr. Davis.

Possibly our troops may begin to cross on Saturday. They have noble opportunities-or, as you say, "ten strikes"-before them, but I fear some advantages have been lost by delay.

Since the foregoing was written General Bragg has assigned to me the special service of going to Vicksburg to supervise the reorganization of the paroled and exchanged men into regiments and to assign them to army corps at my discretion, hence I shall be able to see you before you enter on duty. As the commissioner who will represent the Government is not here yet, I shall not leave at once; besides I am not well enough to travel, having rheumatism.

Truly, your friend,

THOMAS JORDAN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 114. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 14, 1862.

I. Lieutenant G. W. Brent, adjutant and inspector general's department, is assigned to duty in the inspector-general's department, and will report to Brigadier-General Slaughter.

II. Captain E. H. Cummins is announced as the chief signal officer of the department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will proceed to organize his corps on the most effective basis and in accordance with the provision and requirements of General Orders, Number 40, War Department, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., May 29, 1862.

III. Major George Williamson, adjutant-general's department, is placed on temporary duty in the office of the chief of staff.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

TUPELO, MISS., August 15, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN, Jackson, Miss.:

I can arm most of the returned prisoners.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Number 117. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 16, 1862.

I. The following modification is made in Paragraph I, General Orders, Number 109, Headquarters Department Number 2, Chattanooga, August 8, 1862; One wagon for the extra ammunition for every 300 instead of 400 men.

II. In addition to the allowance indicated in Paragraph I, general orders specified above, there shall be provided for the medical department one two-horse wagon for each wing, division, and brigade of the forces in the field.

