HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Tupelo, Miss., August 19, 1862.

Colonel ROSSER:

The Governor of Alabama will order several companies of militia to garrison Gainesville. The general hopes that you will find them a sufficient force for the protection of the public stores at that post.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 19, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

Send the guns, if General Van Dorn desires. Have ordered 5,000 exchanged prisoners sent to you. Columbus has arms when repaired. General Smith is in motion for Kentucky. We are crossing river for Middle Tennessee. Morgan has given first blow at Gallatin. They must soon weaken [on] your front, so as to open West Tennessee, but do not depend much on Van Dorn; he has his hands full.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

AUGUST 21, 1862.

Messrs. J. W. HARRIS AND OTHERS,

Columbus, Miss.:

The difficulty of getting engines and iron for armor would render the prompt completion very difficult. Any aid that I could give would be freely rendered.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, August 22, 1862.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,Chief of Staff, District of the Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have started with about 1,600 men of my brigade, and encamp to-night 3 miles south of Birmingham. I will move to-morrow in the direction of Holly Springs. After reaching that vicinity I shall push rapidly forward toward Grand Junction and northward. I shall move rapidly through that country and strike at any point that may be assailable. I send a strong scout north from Ellistown toward Ripley, thence in toward Booneville and back to Guntown, where they will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, whom I have left in command of about 1,200 effective men, with instructions to keep the pickets on the same line from Ellistown to Bay Springs. Captains Sanders and Mann are at the latter place. Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, commanding cavalry at Guntown, has been ordered to report until my return to Brigadier-General Little. My quartermaster and commissary of subsistence remain at Guntown.

I wrote to Colonel Falkner to push in toward Chewalla. He will have about 400 men. An express can reach me via Holly Springs.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

