
with this army ever since the battle at Elkhorn, and was placed in his present position by General Van Dorn during the retreat from Corinth. He is a brave, gallant, intelligent, and skillful officer, attentive to all his duties, devoted to the well-being of his troops, and in every way worthy of promotion and of retention in his present command.

I repeat that I have no suggestions to make with reference to the vacant brigadierships, and that it is my only, as it in my very earnest, wish that the President will be pleased to assign able and efficient officers to them without delay, so that the troops may be at once placed under thos who are to command them in the impending campaign, and that all causes which tend to the disturbance of its harmony and discipline may be removed from my army.

Brigadier-General Bowen has not yet reported for duty. I fear that he ranks both Generals Little and Maury, neither of whom ought to be superseded by him. I shall be glad to obtain the assistance of so excellent an officer, if it can be done without injury to the service or manifest injustice to those gentlemen who have been so long associated with and who are so favorably known to the army.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE.

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 25, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

Watch your front and strike whenever it is weakened. In the mean time harass your opponent by all your cavalry. Buell is falling back toward Nashville. We must keep them moving. The Post-Office Department is required to keep up the telegraph, and its agent reports me for refusing to give up to him; hence my order. [See Paragraph III, General Orders, Number 44.] Discharge all military operators and communicate by mail.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT.&amp; INSP. General 'S OFFICE, Number 44. Richmond, Va., June 17, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

III. Congress having conferred on the President the right, during the existing war, "to take such control of the lines of telegraph in the Confederate States, and of such officers connected therewith, as will enable him effectually to supervise the communications passing through the same," and to exercise powers in reference to telegraph lines, and the President having charged the Postmaster-General with the discharge of these duties, requisitions for building lines, the establishment and discontinuance of office, the appointment of operators and agents, the disposition of material, &c., must be addressed to the Postmaster-General, and officers are prohibited from exercising these powers.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

