
RICHMOND, VA., August 26, 1862.

Gov. JOHN J. PETTUS, Jackson, Miss.:

I learn that the arms sent, except 1,000, were not marked for you. The chief of ordnance has been instructed to send to your address the 2,000 you request.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., August 26, 1862.

General EARL VAN DORN, Jackson, Miss.:

The chief of ordnance will send you some heavy guns, and I hope they may serve the purpose proposed. Why were the arms sent to Milliken's Bend? If the railroad has not been repaired they should have been hauled from De Soto rather than exposed.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Bay Springs, Miss., August 26, 1862.

Colonel J. H. LEWIS:

SIR: I have to report that on yesterday the enemy came down to Paden's Mill, 10 miles north of Bay Springs, on an incendiary excursion, Paden's, Robinson's, and Vanter's Mill and eight dwelling-houses and all their contents sere burned, with all the corn and meal. The vandals would not permit the women to even save their bedding. The force consisted of 60 cavalry, and after destroying the property and arresting all the men they could find returned int the direction of Iuka.

It was 10 o'clock in the morning when I first heard that the Federals were at Robinson's Mill. My first information was that they were in strong force, with infantry and artillery. I immediately dispatched the news to Captain Mann, and sent Lieutenant Coffey, of my command, with a small scout to the mill to ascertain the actual strength of the enemy. They had finished burning and started back before Lieutenant Coffey reached them. The lieutenant followed them until he ascertained their strength and that they had returned to Iuka.

My first information was received from some men who were acting as scouts, with passes approved by General Price. These fellows, in nine cases out of ten, run when they hear of the enemy, and never stay to learn the number or character of their forces, and I want to know what I must do with them when they run in here making false reports. The fact is some of them have been lying around doing nothing ever since I have been here, and I gave it out that if they did not go to work I would arrest them and send them to headquarters. Since that time they keep outside my pickets and pretend to be at work scouting.

There was one Yankee killed and another wounded on Thursday last at or near Robinson's Mill, and that is the reason assigned by the Federals for the depredations committed yesterday. The Yankee that was killed and his partner were out "guerrillaing," and were shot by two of our scouts. These are the facts as I have them. If you can relieve me of picket duty and let me remain here I will take the contract to put a stop to all such little excursions as that of the enemy on yesterday.

My scout from Iuka last night still report the enemy moving east and crossing the river at Eastport.

Yours, respectfully,T. C. FLOURNOY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Confederate Rangers at Bay Springs, Miss.

