HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 27, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE,Commanding District of the Tennessee, Tupelo, Miss.:

GENERAL: We move from here immediately, later by some days than expected, but in time, we hope, for a successful campaign. Buell has certainly fallen back from the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and will probably not make a stand this side of Nashville, if there. He is now fortifying at that place. General E. K. Smith, re-enforced by two brigades from this army, has turned Cumberland Gap and is now marching on Lexington, Ky. General Morgan [Yankee] is thus cut off from all supplies. General Humphrey Marshall is to enter Eastern Kentucky from Western Virginia. We shall this have Buell pretty well disposed of. Sherman and Rosecrans we leave to you and Van Dorn, satisfied that you can dispose of them, and we shall confidently expect to meet you on the Ohio and there open the way to Missouri.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Similar letter of same date to Van Dorn at Tupelo.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1862.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,Chief of Staff, District of Tennessee:

MAJOR: I arrived here yesterday. By my request General Willepigue met me here, and after consulting with him I am satisfied there are not more than 4,000 of the enemy at Bolivar, still a smaller force at Jackson, and about 1,500 at Somerville. The enemy have repaired the road from Bolivar to Fort Pillow, and are moving everything in that direction. We are both of the opinion that they will in a day or two evacuate Bolivar completely. The force at Somerville is only to cover their movements west. Our cars run above this place. I shall move with my command and about 1,100 men, under Colonel Jackson, threaten Bolivar, and, if possible, take Jackson and destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. General Villepigue has positive information that the enemy are moving their supplies and troops to Fort Pillow, and have also strengthened Memphis from Bolivar and Jackson. The cotton they had gathered in Bolivar and Jackson has all been shipped, and they refuse to receive any more after to-day. If the cavalry at Guntown could be pushed forward above Booneville and Rienzi threatened I think I can do the balance in Tennessee. It would prevent depredations and I am confident hasten their departure.

I am, major, with respect, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-General Villepigue will, I hope, get orders to move forward in a few days. He has orders to hold himself in readiness to advance.

