
at Jackson, from that place to Grand Junction and Bethel, inclusive; the commanding officer of Memphis, from that place to Grand Junction; the commanding officer at Corinth, to Bethel, Iuka, and south and west as far as the roads are opened, except where they come within the limits of other commands; and the commanding officer at Tuscumbia, from Decatur to Iuka, inclusive. Such officers will be under the general orders of their superiors in brigades, divisions, districts, and subdistricts.

II. Military officers not assigned to special duty under the superintendent of the railroad are simply charged with the guarding of the roads and trains; in no case will they interfere with the running of the trains, which will be exclusively under the orders of the superintendent, his assistants, and employes. They, however, will furnish details of working parties, under their own officers, on requisition of the superintendent and his assistants, and such working parties will be under the general direction of the latter, so far as the work itself is concerned.

III. Officers in command of railroad guards or of troops in their vicinity will be held responsible for any injury they may receive. All persons found injuring railroads or telegraph lines will be immediately shot down, and all expenses of rearing such injuries will be assessed upon persons having property or living in the vicinity. Particular care will be taken that our troops do not disturb water-tanks or switches, as serious accidents may result. In no case will any one be permitted to wash in the tanks or to draw off the water. To this end no soldier will be permitted on the track unless as a guard or marching under an officer.

IV. No person, unless traveling on military service, will be allowed a free pass. Military freight will always have the preference. The charges for passage and private freights will until otherwise ordered be the same as fixed by former schedules over the same routes. All freight and passage money collected will be used and accounted for as railroad funds.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Number 60. Memphis, Tenn., July 3, 1862.

The system of guerrilla warfare now being prosecuted by some troops organized under authority of the so-called Southern Confederacy, and others without such authority, being so pernicious to the welfare of the community where it is carried on, and it being within the power of communities to suppress this system, it is ordered that wherever loss is sustained by the Government collections shall be made by seizure of a sufficient amount of personal property from persons in the immediate neighborhood sympathizing with the rebellion to remunerate the Government for all loss and expense of collection.

Persons acting as guerrillas without organization and without uniform to distinguish them from private citizens are not entitled to the treatment of prisoners of war when caught, and will not receive such treatment.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

