
TUPELO, MISS., August 30, 1862.

[General LITTLE:]

GENERAL: I am directed by General Price to instruct you to assume command in the absence of General Armstrong, or until further orders, of all the cavalry of this army, including Partisan Rangers. Colonel Falkner, commanding a battalion of them at Orizaba, has been ordered to report to you. You will take care that General Armstrong's instructions to him be not so modified as to endanger the success of the cavalry expedition.

General Armstrong was at La Grange, Tenn., on the 28th instant. He expected to go there and as far north as Jackson, and then to return by way of the roads which run to the east of Corinth. You will, in order to support him, move one of your brigades to Baldwyn, and push the cavalry to, or as near as practicable to, Booneville, making such disposition of your other brigades as may in your opinion be proper. You are expected to keep a vigilant for General Armstrong and to render him prompt and efficient support whenever and wherever it may be required.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, MISS., September 2, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN,

Commanding District of the Mississippi, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: I received last night a dispatch, of which the following is a copy:

SEQUATCHIE VALLEY, TENN., August 29, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

Buell's whole force in full retreat upon Nashville, destroying their stores. Watch Rosecrans and prevent a junction; or if he escapes you follow him closely.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

I feel that this order requires me to advance immediately, and I shall have my whole command ready to move in three days. That portion of my cavalry which did not accompany General Armstrong has been ordered forward to Booneville, and General Little is moving his division to Guntown and Baldwyn. I hope nothing will prevent you from coming forward without delay with all your disposable troops. Be pleased to telegraph your determination, in such way, however, that it will not be understood by others, and to write to me fully by my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Wood, who will hand this to you.

I inclose for your information copies of a letter from General Bragg, dated August 27, and of a dispatch* from General Armstrong, announcing the result of an engagement in front of Bolivar.

I am, general, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE.

[SEPTEMBER 2, 1862.-For Beauregard to Bragg, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p.790.

---------------

*See Part I, p.51.

---------------

