
I feel that General Bragg's instructions and the situation of affairs within my district alike compel me to keep near the line of this road. If I move toward Holly Springs, as you suggest, I not only endanger the safety of the road, which is essential to the supply of my army, but I expose my supplies of every kind and the valuable workshops and public property at Columbus and Gainesville to destruction by the enemy. I learn that a cavalry force of theirs, 1,700 strong, is even now within forty-eight hours' march of Columbus. General Bragg's orders also compel me to keep a close watch upon Rosecrans, and I hear that he is now at Iuka and crossing his army at Eastport. I am therefore pushing my army slowly forward, and shall remove my own headquarters to Guntown on Sunday. I shall then determine by what route to advance. I shall keep you fully advised of my movements, so that we may co=operate or unite our forces, as may be most advisable.

I am, general, very sincerely, your friend and obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, La Grange, Tenn., September 5, 1862.

[Major THOMAS L. SNEAD:]

MAJOR: I send this by Captain Pryor, who has been serving with me during a part of my expedition. He was on leave, and knowing the country well, I took the liberty of keeping him over his time. My command is at this place and on the railroad, 7 miles south of Grand Junction. I am ready for any service. General Villepigue's command is at Holly Springs. General Van Dorn is to be here on Tuesday; General Breckinridge on Sunday. He has selected and encampment 16 miles north of Holly Springs. The Federals keep close in to Bolivar. I think of moving over toward Salem and Ripley, and will communicate with you from there. I will send a full report of my expedition in a day or two. It has been all that I could have desired. Excuse my delay in making report.

I am, yours, with respect,FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Can you not send Captain Sanders' company to report to me at Ripley?

TUPELO, MISS., September 5, 1862.

Brigadier General FRANK C. ARMSTRONG, Via Holly Springs, Miss.:

The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the reception of your dispatches of the 3d* and 5th instant. He congratulates you and the brave men under you for successes due to your and their gallantry. He directs that you move as speedily as possible to Guntown with your command.

JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

