
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 46. Jackson, Miss., September 5, 1862.

During the absence in the field of the major-general commanding, the affairs of the district will be under the supervision of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, second in command, who will establish his headquarters at Jackson, Miss. He will assume command and announce his staff tomorrow, the 6th instant.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 47. Jackson, Miss., September 5, 1862.

The honorable Secretary of War having announced to the general commanding the district that martial law can only be declared by the President, and that it has not been declared by him in Mississippi, General Orders, Number 9,* from these headquarters, dated Vicksburg, July 4, 1862, and all other orders arising under the declaration of martial law in this district, are hereby revoked. All provost-marshall will be discharged, and all prisoners, other than soldiers, will be turned over to the proper civil authorities. The general commanding in declaring martial law was influenced to do so only by what he considered the best interests of the country, and not by any desire to accumulate power. A soldier of more than twenty years in their service, he had no ambition to play the tyrant over the citizens of his own State, whom he was sent to defend. The exigencies of the times seemed to him to call for the interposition of a stronger and more prompt hand than the civil authorities were able to hold out against the abuses incident to the times, and with numerous precedents for doing so, he declared martial law. The general commanding hopes that throughout his district the efficiency of the civil authority will demonstrate that his judgment has been at fault and that there exists no necessity for martial law. He takes this occasion to say, however, that he fears this will not be the case, at least in some parts of the district, and to inform the civil authorities that he will cheerfully co-operate with them, and will come to their aid with the forces under his command whenever legally called upon to do so.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 6, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

General Bragg directs me to telegraph you that the enemy has evacuated Alabama and rapidly falling back from all points in Middle Tennessee to Nashville. Rosecrans must follow; and that you should move rapidly for Nashville. Our army fairly down the mountain September 4 and would immediately move toward enemy.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XV, p.771.

---------------

