
to move immediately against Iuka in accordance with orders just received from General Bragg, who again instructs him to follow Rosecrans. He also directs me to say that he will be able to furnish General Van Dorn, if he needs them, with 1,000 stand of arms as soon as they can be repaired at Columbus, whither they have been sent from Richmond.

I am, major, very truly, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI, Jackson, Miss., September 8, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE,Commanding Army of the West:

GENERAL: Your letter of September 5 has been received. I have requested Major Wright to go and confer with you in regard to the matter now claiming our attention.

If Rosecrans has crossed the Tennessee and got beyond your reach do you not think it would be better for us to join forces at Jackson, Tenn., clear Western Tennessee of the enemy, and then push on together into Kentucky, along the Ohio River? We together would have a force to oppose any one there. If Rosecrans is much ahead of you he could join Buell and meet Bragg before you could aid him. On the other hand Bragg could form a junction with Smith and Marshall southwest of Lexington and defeat Buell and Rosecrans combined. You would not be in the contest. We, joined on the Ohio, would be between Buell's army and the forces from the west and prevent junction, or by crossing eastward from the Ohio behind Buell could join Bragg and aid him in case of need.

This is suggested in the event that Rosecrans is over the river and out of reach. If he is still on this side and standing I will join you from Holly Springs and attack him with you; push him hard with our left and force him back on the river, and prevent junction with Sherman and McClernand, who would then retire on and up the Mississippi. Rosecrans would be disposed of. I presume, however, he is gone. At all events, general, I will be in a short distance of Grand Junction in a few days, and we will confer by couriers. I will join you if needed. If you go off at once after Rosecrans can I not take your 5,000 returned prisoners with me? There will be no necessity for them behind you. With them I can put an army in the field to cope with the Western troops of the enemy, and will push on and upward with the great line of advance with the same colors that wave over you and the brave troops of the Army of the West.

However all this may turn out, I shall always be happy to be found associated with you in this noble struggle, and I pray God you may be victorious wherever you may go.

Very truly and sincerely, general, your friend and obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Tupelo, Miss., September 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Department Number 2:

GENERAL: General Price left this morning and will go as far as Guntown to-night. His cavalry advance is at Booneville; Little's division

