
at and near Baldwyn; Maury's at Saltillo. The general expects to move with his whole army in the direction of Iuka within forty-eight hours. Nothing is delaying him but the want of transportation. He will lose no time in carrying out the instructions of General Bragg as conveyed to him through General Jones by dispatch dated at Chattanooga on the 6th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE, Guntown, Miss., September 8, 1862.

Brigadier General FRANK C. ARMSTRONG:

The major-general commanding directs that you will join him with your command at this place without delay. A similar order to this was sent you by courier and by telegraph; but no having heard anything from you it is again sent, as it is of the greatest importance that you should reach here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,[THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 61. Jackson, Miss., September 8, 1862.

I. Major General M. Lovell having reported for duty with this army is assigned to the command of a division composed of the brigade of Brigadier General J. B. Villepigue and other brigades to be organized.

II. Brigadier-General Rust having reported for duty in this command will report to Major General J. C. Breckinridge.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., September 9, 1862.

Hon. SECRETARY OF WAR:

Enemy concentrating at Bolivar and Jackson, West Tenn., leaving Memphis. My force is too small. Will you let me have the returned prisoners? I can make a successful campaign in West Tennessee with them; little without them.

I ought to have command of the movements of Price, that there may be concert of action. Want some arms to take into Tennessee and Kentucky; expect accessions. Bragg is out of reach; I refer to you. Will be near Grand Junction in a few days with what force I have. Give me orders for what conscripts may now be in camp. General Tilghman anxious about his arms. None have arrived up to this date at Columbus. He will need all of the 15,000 asked for.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully referred to the President.

I supposed these matters would be regulated by General Bragg, and feel some hesitation in giving directions which might conflict with his

