
plans. Something, however, should be done. Shall I order him to take command of the prisoners, subject to General Bragg's orders, and to reorganize them?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

The exchanged prisoners should join the headquarters of their regiments. The regiments received let General Van Dorn retain without reference to former brigade or division organization. Conscripts should be distributed as the necessity of the service may indicate. The chief of ordnance will make all possible effort to arm the exchanged prisoners belonging to the regiments of General Van Dorn's command. The rank of General Van Dorn secures to him the command of all the troops with whom he will be operating. Brigades should, as far as may be, be of regiments of the several States.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Guntown, Miss., September 9, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,Commanding District of Mississippi:

GENERAL: Major Wright has handed me your letter of the 8th instant. I am sorry to say that I feel General Bragg's repeated instructions compel me to move without any further delay toward Nashville. I was very anxious to place myself and my army under your command, so that we might together liberate West Tennessee, and regain control of the Mississippi. General Bragg has, however, just ordered me to "move rapidly for Nashville," and I must obey his orders. I shall therefore move hence for Iuka Thursday morning, the 11th instant. It will give you an opportunity to strike the enemy heavily. I have just learned that they are evacuating Corinth and Rienzi, destroying the former place by fire.

I regret that this change of plan also forces me to refuse your request to give you the exchanged prisoners that were ordered to report to me. Moving as I will across the Tennessee in pursuit of Rosecrans, I shall need every man that I can get. General Bragg, too, who ordered them to report to me, will unquestionably count upon their addition to the army which I am taking to him. The War Department has also just sent me 4,000 stand of arms with which to arm them. Under all these circumstances I cannot accede to your request, but must ask you to urge General Tilghman to rapidly forward my share of the exchanged prisoners to Tupelo, where they will be armed and equipped.

Of course nothing could please me more than that you should unite your army to mine and move in command of the combined armies for Nashville.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Guntown, Miss., September 10, 1862.

GENERAL: You will move your command to Marietta by to-morrow night with at least seven days' rations. General Armstrong has been

