
POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, APPOINTMENT OFFICE,

Washington, June 12, 1862.

A. H. MARKLAND, Esq.,

Special Agent Post-Office Department:

(To be forwarded from Nashville, Tenn.)

SIR: The occupation of Memphis by the United States forces will probably result in changing the transit of military supplies and mails from the Tennessee River to the Mississippi, and via Memphis and Charleston Railroad. In this expectation, as well as for the immediate accommodation of the troops and citizens at Memphis and vicinity, it will be desirable to reopen that office at an early date. It is expected that Colonel Lucian Buttles, now at Columbus, Ohio, will be invited to take temporary charge of that office (under your general supervision) until a fit candidate, approved of by Governor Johnson, shall offer oft the place.

For the present, military transportation will be employed as heretofore from Cairo, and the Cairo postmaster should be advised by you or by the commanding officer at Memphis of the regiments which will receive mail matter at Memphis in case the entire mails are not sent that way.

Your experience will indicate the further action to be taken for the proper re-establishment of mail service to Memphis. Your past action has been generally warmly approved by the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. KASSON,

First Assistant Postmaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 33. Corinth, Miss., June 12, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. The District of West Tennessee will include all that portion of the State west of the Tennessee River and Forts Henry and Donelson. By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 39. Newland's, June 12, 1862.

The First Brigade will march forward about 12 miles and select a good camping ground on the waters of Spring Creek.

The Third Brigade will move forward about 8 miles and select good ground for camp on the west side of Porter's Creek.

The Second Brigade will move forward about 10 miles and camp on east side of Porter's Creek.

General Hurlbut's division will move its camp forward to the large fields about 3 miles from Newland's, with strong advance guard thrown forward, and will send an expedition toward Jonesborough. More attention must be paid on the march, especially as to the train. Each regimental quartermaster must be with his regimental train and stay with it.

The brigadier will make frequent rests and assure himself against gap in the column, and if any soldier is found in a wagon the teamster

