
WAR DEPARTMENT, July 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

You do not know how much you would oblige us if, without abandoning any of your positions or plans, you could promptly send us even 10,000 infantry. Can you not? Some part of the Corinth army are certainly fighting McClellan in front of Richmond. Prisoners are in our hands from the late Corinth army.

A. LINCOLN.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, July 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

Colonel Leggett informs me that General Sherman is relieving the force sent by me to Grand Junction. I will order back the force there unless otherwise ordered by you.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLDWATER, July 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I came to Coldwater on Tuesday morning and sent a brigade to Holly Springs. About 800 cavalry escaped south. As near as I can learn there are about 4,000 infantry at the Tallahatchie Bridge, 18 miles south of Holly Springs. The railroad bridge was burned, but is being repaired.

I have sent three sets of messengers to Ripley to communicate with the forces sent from Corinth, none of whom have returned, and I have not heard a word of that force yet.

The enemy's cavalry is still between this and Memphis; they attacked my train, guarded by the Fifty-seventh Ohio, and were repulsed. The train reached Memphis and I expect it back to Moscow to-morrow. Railroad trains could now run through. Had a car at Moscow fitted up for a gun force here, and another about 20 miles west, in Coldwater, where the Memphis road crosses. It would cover the railroad from Junction. I can hear nothing about an enemy on the Memphis and Grenada road and know nothing of affairs in that quarter.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Number 61. Memphis, July 4, 1862.

I. Officers and soldiers are hereby prohibited under severe penalties from selling military clothing, arms, or ammunition, whether the same be public or private property, to citizens. In cases where such sales have been heretofore made the citizens who purchased the same will at once return the property so purchased to the commanding officer of the company or regiment to which the soldier belongs of whom the articles were obtained, or to the post quartermaster, under penalty of being arrested and placed in confinement.

II. It is made the duty of all officers to see that this order is strictly enforced, and that all officers, soldiers, or citizens violating the same, by either selling or purchasing, are arrested.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

