
RICHMOND, VA., September 11, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, Grand Junction, Tenn.:

The troops must co-operate, and can only do so by having one head. Your rank makes you the commander, and such I supposed were the instructions of General Bragg given in his orders to you. The exchanged prisoners will join their proper regiments. You can keep the regiments which have their headquarters in your district instead of sending them to their former army corps. You will have due care to the safety of Vicksburg, Port Hudson, &amp;c.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JACKSON, MISS., September 11, 1862.

Your dispatches about arms received. Chief of ordnance of Van Dorn's command believes, as I do, that a conflict of orders exists about arms. Gorgas says he sent 7,000 to Price and 2,000 to Pettus. There are no arms at Columbus or elsewhere for exchanged prisoners arriving rapidly and anxious to go forward. Please see ordnance officer at Richmond and direct arms to be sent to Colonel Stockton, at Jackson.

LLOYD TILGHMAN.

[Indorsements.]

Chief of Ordnance, for immediate attention.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

The above arms were sent by special messengers with Captain Clay Taylor.

J. GORGAS.

RICHMOND, VA., September 11, 1862.

His Excellency Governor PETTUS, Jackson, Miss.:

The action taken was on suggestion of telegraph companies, and is designed to protect the Confederate States and to secure the receipts to the true and loyal owners. The president of the company is with the enemy, and the company is not in condition to fulfill its purpose.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, Guntown, Miss., September 11, 1862.

COLONEL COMMANDING FORTY-SECOND ALABAMA Regiment:

COLONEL: You will put your regiment in marching order to-morrow, so that it may move thoroughly armed and with three days' cooked rations on the morning of the 13th instant. The officers at the post have been ordered to fill your requisitions promptly. You will send your wagons forward with your baggage to or near the point at which the Tupelo and Saltillo road intersects the Saltillo and Bay Springs road, and move your men by railway to Saltillo as early as possible the next morning, so that you may overtake your wagons and make a full day's march upon the 13th. From Saltillo you will follow the road

