
taken by Maury's division, which you will join without any unnecessary delay and report your command to General Maury, who will assign it to Moore's brigade. If the militia od not arrive in time to permit you to leave on the 13th, or if any other unforeseen circumstances shall prevent from leaving Tupelo that day, you will leave soon thereafter as possible, sending forward meanwhile a courier to General Maury to advise him of the detention. You will also, if the quartermaster can provide transportation, take at least two days' uncooked rations in your wagons. The cooked rations may be carried either on the person or in the wagons. The general directs me to call your attention to the great importance of your overtaking his army at the earliest possible moment. The two companies of artillery from Columbus will march with you as attached to your regiment until you join the army, when they will report to the major-general commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., September 11, 1862.

(Received at Guntown September 12, 1862.)

General STERLING PRICE:

Enemy evacuating Memphis. Seventeen transports from Curtis' army passed, going up, Sunday. Enemy reported evacuating also Bolivar and Jackson, going toward Fort Pillow. I will write you by courier when I see Major Wright, who will be here in the morning. I cannot march until I get my wagons. They will come up on railroad.

Answer.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., September 12, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Your dispatches received. I know nothing of Mississippi regiments at Gainesville not in my command. In regard to Partisan Rangers I respectfully recommend that they be disbanded and that all of conscripts enrolled be turned over to regiments in the field. Curtis' army at Helena, going up river. Seventeen transports passed Memphis. Memphis being evacuated, as reported this morning by scouts. I have a regiment of cavalry between the Mississippi River and the Yazoo. No particular necessity for troops there, but if the company is composed of men not liable to conscription, may answer purpose proposed. Isolated companies of Partisan Rangers have no discipline and cannot be depended upon. I am near Grand Junction with Breckinridge and Vilepigue; Price near Corinth. He proposes to follow Rosecrans toward Nashville. I propose to clean out West Tennessee, now occupied by enemy in some force, and then go across Tennessee and Chumberland into Kentucky; therefore there can be no co-operation. If you decide I shall join him I will do so, but I think it best to clear the west. Give me the returned prisoners and I can do so without Price. I hope soon to occupy Memphis. I shall be active, but hope you will give me more means.

EARL VABN DORN,

Major-General.

