
you will answer me at once, for General Bragg has just sent me another dispatch in these words:

EN ROUTE TO KENTUCKY, September, 12, 1862.

By the proceedings of a council of war in Nashville, captured by us, it seems Rosecrans with a part of his army is there. I have anxiously expected your advance, and trust it will not longer be delayed.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

I cannot remain inactive any longer, and must move either with you against Rosecrans or toward Kentucky. The courier who takes this to you will bring your reply.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., September 18, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE, Iuka, Miss.:

Enemy evacuating Bolivar; many going north. Breckinridge with Kentucky regiments, has been ordered to Chattanooga to follow Bragg . I retain exchanged prisoners to take their place, so will have about 8,000. You will get 5,000. Can you not send me arms for them? I have equipage, &amp;c. Will start to meet you as soon as I get your telegram that you have reached neighborhood of Rienzi. Nine [trains?] of troops passed through Jackson, Tenn., from the direction of Corinth Saturday and Sunday. Enemy say they cannot hold West Tennessee now. Telegram from President says we must co-operate to succeed. Send me all the arms you can spare; I have 8,000 men to arm. These will be added to our strength. Answer.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

JACKSON, MISS., September 18, 1862.

(Received at Baldwyn, Miss., September 19, 1862.)

General STERLING PRICE, Iuka, Miss.:

I am ordered to organize here when exchange is concluded. I shall need all the arms heretofore sent to you for exchanged prisoners. I shall equip fully and splendidly, then move up the whole division. How many arms have you, and where can I get them?

TILGHMAN,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,September 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General MAURY:

GENERAL: General Armstrong reports that the enemy seem to be advancing in considerable force by the Burnsville road, and that his pickets have fallen back before them. General Little has been ordered to take position in line of battle upon your right. Please make the necessary dispositions.

By order of the major-general commanding:

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

