HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,September 18, 1862-7.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General LITTLE:

GENERAL: General Armstrong reports that his pickets have been driven in by the enemy, who seem to be advancing in force by the Burnsville road. A deserter, who has just come in, confirms the fact of their advance in considerable force. The major-general commanding directs you to take a good position in line of battle as soon as your men have supped. You will form upon General Maury's right. As you are familiar with the ground the general instructs to you the selecting of your position.

I am, &amp;c.,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., September 19, 1862.

General BRAGG,

(Care from Tennessee McCown), Knowville, Tenn.:

Telegrams from Tennessee and Mississippi indicate a want of co-intelligence and co-operation among the generals of the several columns. No copy of your instructions in regard to operations in Tennessee has been received, and I am at a loss to know how to remedy evils without damaging your plans. If Van Dorn, Price, and Breckinridge each at for himself disaster to all must be the probable result. The return prisoners have not been formally exchanged and are, therefore, not available. Van Dorn, with three divisions, might perform valuable service. If to act alone, he had better have remained in Jackson.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., September 19, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN,

Grand Junction, Tenn.:

We fear that a serious misunderstanding exists with reference to the movements of Price, Breckinridge, and yourself. General Bragg, we are informed, expected Breckinridge to follow Kirby Smith with 7,000 men, and that Price and yourself should act in concert. This co-operation to us essential to success, and nothing should be allowed to obstruct it. If Breckinridge cannot go to Smith without endangering the success of your operations he must be retained. When in company with Price you will, by virtue of seniority, direct the movements of the embodied forces.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

IUKA, MISS., September 19, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

I will make the movement proposed in your dispatch of the 17th instant. Enemy concentrating against me. Please make demonstration toward Rienzi. Have written by courier. Send your telegrams to Tupelo.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

