
JACKSON, MISS., September 22, 1862.

Brigadier General MARTIN L. SMITH,

Commanding at Vicksburg:

First. Lay out a battery of four guns at the bend of the river above Vicksburg. Commence work upon it.

Second. Send an engineer officer to construct a boom at Haines' Bluff; also to establish a battery of guns there.

Third. Send the light-draught steamers from the Yazoo to the Red River as soon as possible with safety.

Fourth. Then repair the raft thoroughly at Liverpool.

Fifth. Occupy Haines' Bluff with a sufficient force to protect the position, and repair the road leading thence to Vicksburg.

Sixth. Employ a sufficient force of negro labor to prosecute the work indicated rapidly.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Near Baldwyn, Miss., September 22, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, Holly Springs, Miss.:

GENERAL: The army will get here to-morrow. Will be ready to move in two days, as suggested by you. Surplus arms will be sent at once to Jackson. Movement from Iuka made in perfect order, without the loss of a wagon.

The battle on Friday afternoon between the enemy's right, under Rosecrans, and two brigades, under Hebert and Martin, was very bloody. General Little was killed; Colonels Whitfield, Mabry, and Gilmore wounded. We drove them back about 600 yards, capturing nine pieces of artillery and about 50 prisoners, and slept on the field. Our loss was nearly 300 in killed, wounded, and missing; the enemy's greater. Finding that the enemy were receiving heavy re-enforcements from Bolivar, Corinth, and Jacinto, and that our position was very bad, General Price determined to carry out the marching orders which he had previously published, and we left the town after sunrise, bringing away everything but the badly wounded. Colonels Whitfield and Gilmore are with us. General Price will get here to-day.

Respectfully,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Baldwyn, Miss., September 22, 1862.

General TILGHMAN, Jackson, Miss.:

General Price will direct all disposable arms to be sent to Jackson for exchanged prisoners. His army will get here to-night. The movement from Iuka was effected without loss of any kind.

Respectfully,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

