
DAVIS' MILL, MISS., September 23, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

I march to-morrow morning toward Rienzi; will reach there in three days, on the 26th or 27th. I will send cavalry in front. If you send out they will meet. Send me all the information you have. I came within one hour day before yesterday of cutting off Hurlbut's division from Bolivar. They came as near as Grand Junction. I shall send cavalry to attempt to cut railroad from Corinth to Jackson, Tenn. Telegraph me the strength of the enemy in your front and where they are. Watch them closely with your cavalry.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Camp Little, Miss., September 23, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 20th, instant, indicating your readiness to move. I will leave here in two days to form a junction with you, and I desire to know at what point we will meet. It is important that we should get together soon, as, by a telegram received this morning from Governor Pettus, and other sources, I fear the enemy are in possession of our proposed movements and some dispatches have fallen into their hands. Indeed it would be better if you could come some portion of the way to meet me, as proposed in yours of the 17th. From the information I have I deem it prudent that we meet somewhere at or near Ripley, through which I propose to pass, and which point I can easily reach in two days' march. Our scouts can communicate before then.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALDWYN, MISS., September 23, 1862.

General EARL VAN DORN:

I will leave here on Friday morning, 26th. Wrote you this morning, stating that I would meet you at Ripley. As you know more of the country, if any point be better name it and I will meet you there. A few days ago the enemy's strength was 35,000. I learn that they are leaving in the direction of Jackson's, and whether we attack them or not before receiving our exchanged prisoners it is important that we should unite.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE DIST. OF THE MISS., Number 74.Camp, Davis' Mill, Miss., September 23, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XII. Brigadier-General Pillow having reported for duty with this army, and there being no division or brigade to which he can at present be assigned, he will await the ratification of exchange and reorganization

