HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2,Bardstown, Ky., September, 25, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN:

GENERAL: We have driven and drawn the enemy clear back to the Ohio. Push your columns to our support, and arouse the people to re-enforce us. We have thousand of arms without people to handle them. Nashville is defended by only a weak division; Bowling Green by only a regiment. Sweep them off and push up to the Ohio. Secure the heavy guns at these places and we will secure the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers. All depends on rapid movements. Trusting to your energy and zeal we shall confidently expect a diversion in our favor against the overwhelming force now concentrating in our front.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, Miss., November 2, 1862.

The above dispatch was this day received and forwarded. I cannot account for the detention in transmittal.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

DAVIS' MILL, MISS., September 25, 1862.

GEORGE E. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

For the three brigades of returned prisoners (8,000), Second Division, have no major-general, and but one brigadier (Tilghman) for the three brigades; and [for] First Division (7,000 men) I have but two brigadiers; General Lovell commands division. General officers present: Lovell Rugglers, Tilghman, Smith, Beall, Volepigue, and Rust; Rurggles in charge of district; Smith in command of brigade at Vicksburg; Beall in command at Port Hudson; Pillow absent, but may return. I shall want therefore five general officers, or six if I put Lovell in command of corps. All I ask is that some of the officers sent me may not be the doubtful cases awaiting orders. I will venture to recommend Cols. J. P. Major and W. H. Jackson as two of the brigadiers and General D. H. Maury as major-general. Price will require two major-generals also and several brigadiers. Little killed; Phifer and Cabell rejected by President.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

RUCHMOND, VA., September 25, 1862.

Gov. JOHN J. PETTUS, Jackson, Miss.:

Commissary-general has directed one of his officers to get consent of owner of salt mine and open a shaft for supply of his department. General Taylor has been instructed to give the requisite protection, and, if necessary, to exercise authority to promote the working of the mine. I hope this will answer the purpose sought by you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

