
point of view, is worth three Richmonds. It will be infinitely better to withdraw troops from the Shenandoah Valley, which at this time has no strategic importance. I am doing everything in my power to strengthen our position, and a week or two may change the aspect of affairs here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, July 5, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Corinth:

Colonel Leggett, commanding at [Grand] Junction and La Grange, informs me that he is actually relieved by a force sent by General Sherman, and is instructed both by Sherman and Hurlbut to report to me for orders.

At the moment of the receipt of your dispatch concerning Colonel Leggett's command I was ordering him to withdraw to Bolivar, and Colonel Sanderson from Bolivar here, intending to send the latter with his regiment to Brownsville, about 26 miles from both Humboldt and Jackson, and west of the latter.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLDWATER, July 5, 1862.

Colonel LEGGETT:

I am sadly disappointed at the conduct of that force which came from Corinth, with which I came out to co-operate. It did not come to Holly Springs and retreated to Corinth in confusion, losing its camp equipage, &amp;c. I am sadly deficient in cavalry, and the enemy has a large force, so that they intercept my messengers and attack my trains. I have to send escorts and ambuscades with every train, thereby breaking up the main body into detachments.

The enemy is accumulating at Tallahatchie, 18 miles south of Holly Springs, and will probably attack me at or near Holly Springs. I keep a brigade there, but on account of water my main force is here. If McClernand is coming to Grand Junction, as he intended, I would like to have all of Hurlbut's and my division off the railroad for maneuver. Halleck and Grand have not given me any orders or support, and I am here in obedience to Halleck's original order, to repair railroad and take position in front of it to protect it.

I would be obliged if you could get to me some message from Halleck, as I have not heard from him in week, and I ought to have some explanation of the extraordinary movement from Corinth on Ripley. My thanks to Smith, the operator, for his sheet of news.

Yours,

SHERMAN.

LA GRANGE, July 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND,

Jackson:

I have just received a communication from Sherman. He complains that the force sent from Corinth to co-operate with him has retreated in confusion toward Corinth, leaving their camp equipage. He is without support and can get no word from Grant or Halleck, and desires me to get orders from him. He is in great need of more cavalry, and liable to

