
he gets them in position. General Maury has been notified. If you are attacked, repel the attack, but do not advance until further orders.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Sent for General Hebert, who will conform to it.

By order of General Price:

JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

2.15 O'CLOCK.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Army of the West:

GENERAL: If we are compelled to fall back take the Oxford road- the one you are now encamped upon-your wagons to go about 6 miles from their present position. Lovell will take the Pocahontas road and go as far as Orizaba. You will the next day march at 3 a.m. and go to Hickory Flat, where Lovell will again join you. Your wagons should be hitched up ready to move at an order. Move up as rapidly as possible. Lovell is formed on the Pocahontas road; you will form on his left on the Middletown road. Nothing as yet reported on our right. In haste.

Yours, &amp;c.,

EARL VAN DORN.
HEADQUARTERS, October 4, 1862.

General PRICE:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send a battery in the best condition to move on the road to Rienzi, to report to General Armstrong. They will pass these headquarters and the general will give them the necessary directions as to the road, &c. You will move with your command at 5 a.m. on the Rienzi road, right in front. Wagons and ambulances will follow their brigades.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

The battery will at the bridge at 4 a.m. to-morrow.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 4, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: Please detail from each of your divisions 100 men, with 1 captain and 1 lieutenant from each division, and a field officer of intelligence and good address, to go to Corinth to bury our dead. The detail from each division will take a wagon and the necessary picks and spades, and will report at these headquarters before the command moves in the morning.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

