
JACKSON, MISS., October 9, 1862.

Major-General HOLMES, Monroe, La.:

(Care of General Blanchard, who is desired to forward immediately.)

General Van Dorn has fallen back from Corinth to Holly Springs, the enemy concentrating in pursuit. Curtis' army is reported to have abandoned Helena and marched toward Holly Springs. With what force can your cross the river to re-enforce Van Dorn, and in what time? We are in want of supplies. Allow bacon and flour to cross at Vicksburg. Answer immediately.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, October 9, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

The circumstances under which I was ordered to the command of this department have been so much changed by movements of the enemy in the State of Mississippi that it is now impossible to carry out instructions given me, Generals Van Dorn and Lovell being both my seniors. I therefore ask further instructions.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 10, 1862.

Your nomination to higher grade now before the Senate and confirmation expected in a day or so, when you will be advised. Meantime the President desires that you use energies to obtain additional force, and give attention to defense of Port Hudson.

S. C.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVAL STATION,

Jackson, October 10, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding Military District of Mississippi and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your consideration a copy of a letter I addressed to your predecessor in command on the 9th instant.

The crews of the gunboat Mobile and of the late arm Arkansas are at Yazoo City in readiness to man any batteries that may be constructed for the defense of the raft and the protection of the was amount of public and private property upon the River Yazoo and its adjacent banks. Great and increasing difficulties are encountered in the purchase of food for those men, about 200 in number, and I respectfully ask that you will authorize your chief commissary of subsistence to fill requisitions, approved by the commanding naval officer of the station, bills for which will be liquidated on presentation to Paymaster Nixon, of the Confederate Navy, whose office is in this city.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. LYNCH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Naval Forces of the West.

