
secure unity of action among the different parts of our forces in that region. In the mean time he has been directed to give all the aid in his power to the army at Ripley, now under the command of General Van Dorn; and General Jones, commanding in East Tennessee, has been directed to sustain Forrest, whose movement may make a diversion and relieve Van Dorn.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., October 12, 1862.

(Received at Richmond, Va., October 13, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Order of General Pemberton just received. Enemy 40,000 in West Tennessee. I attacked Corinth and took it, but could not hold it. Am at Holly Springs. I depend on the railroad for supplies until I can repair my strength, including Price's 22,000. The Department has not considered the difficulties before me. Pemberton's order mentions that I take the field for East Tennessee; does it not mean West Tennessee? I have never received instructions of any killed. I shall act for the best, but I am now an isolated body in the field in Mississippi, relieved of command of my department. I hope this will be corrected.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, Number 52. Holly Springs, Miss., October 12, 1862.

By direction of the Secretary of War, Major-General Van Dorn assumes command of all the troops in the State of Mississippi, including all exchanged prisoners. They will render the returns and reports required by regulations and existing orders to this office. In addition a field return will be made on the 15th of each month giving effective strength.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 13, 1862.

A. M. CLAYTON, Holly Springs, Miss.:

General Johnston is still unable to go on duty. Lieutenant-General Pemberton is assigned to command, and will, I am sure, do all that is practicable.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

Your nomination as lieutenant-general has been confirmed by the Senate. You will immediately assume the command of the forces intended to operate in Southwestern Tennessee in addition to the command

