
at these headquarters. The senior officer present will assume command of their respective brigades.

II. The following assignments of exchanged prisoners are made to the divisions of Major-Generals Price and Lovell, and will report immediately to Major-General Price, viz:

Colonel J. E. Bailey's consolidated regiment; Colonel J. M. Simonton's consolidated regiment; Colonel Quarles' consolidated regiment; Captain Humes' consolidated battalion.

To Major-General Lovell: Colonel A. E. Reynolds' consolidated regiment; Colonel H. B. Lyon's consolidated regiment; Colonel D. R. Russell's consolidated regiment; Colonel A. Heiman's consolidated regiment; Colonel W. E. Baldwin's Fourteenth Mississippi Regiment; Colonel C. A. Sugg's consolidated regiment; Colonel C. H. Walker's consolidated regiment.

III. Brigadier-General Bowen is relieved from the command of the Second Brigade, Lovell's division, and will report to Major-General Price.

IV. The First Missouri Regiment, Lovell's division, is hereby transferred to the army corps of Major-General Price.

V. Brigadier-General Tilghman will report to Major-General Lovell.

VI. The divisions and brigades in the two army corps will be equalized as near as may be, and brigades will be composed of troops from the same States as far as practicable.

VII. All officers and soldiers belonging to the different regiments and battalions, &amp;c., of exchanged prisoners, and now doing duty by order, or having joined other commands by enlistment or otherwise, will at once join their proper commands.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, Number 54. Holly Springs, Miss., October 16, 1862.

I. All the cavalry of this army, both regular and partisan, will report immediately to Colonel W. H. Jackson, who is hereby announced as chief of cavalry. He will make his reports direct to the headquarters of the army.

II. This army will hereafter be known as Army of West Tennessee, and will be divided into two army corps, to be commanded respectively by Major-Generals Lovell and Price. The commanding officers of army corps will arrange their commands into brigades and divisions.

III. The general commanding has repeatedly called the attention of officers to the irregularities existing in the army, especially in regard to straggling from the various camps, and depredations committed on property of citizens living in the vicinity of the camps. He has often appealed to the commanding officers of brigades, regiments, and companies to aid him in keeping good order among the troops; but still complaints are daily made-property is destroyed, fences torn down and burnt, gardens robbed, corn fields laid waste, and even thefts committed with impunity by worthless stragglers, who openly bring their plunder into camp. These things bring disgrace to the good soldiers as well as to those who commit them, and it is somewhat surprising that the good soldier allows such things to be done by men who are associated with him. Should the army be a terror to our own country?

Generals commanding corps will at once organize proper guards and

