
be attacked by a superior force from Tallahatchie, and wishes to have the balance of his and Hurlbut's division (four regiments) relieved and sent to him. Can you get the attention of either Grant of Halleck and some orders from them?

M. D. LEGGETT,

Colonel Seventy-eighth Ohio.

JACKSON, TENN., July 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

General Sherman informs Colonel Leggett, and he me, that the former has failed to hear either from you or General Grant.

He says the co-operating force from Corinth has retreated in confusion toward Corinth, leaving their camp equipage; that he needs more cavalry and is liable to be attacked by superior numbers, and wishes to have his and Hurlbut's four regiments (I suppose at or near La Grange and Moscow) sent to him.

If you choose to answer through me and Colonel Leggett, we will forward your answer.

I have sub-distracted my district and already sent orders accordingly to different commanders relative to protecting roads, bridges, &amp;c.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, July 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND,

Jackson:

Colonel Leggett's dispatch, as reported by you, is all bosh. The Corinth force did not retreat, and left no camp equipage. They were ordered back when they found no enemy in front, and less than 4,000 in front of General Sherman, of which General Sherman has been informed and answered. The disposition of these troops will be ordered as soon as expected dispatches are received from the other quarters.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 5, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth:

I forward the following dispatch for information:

RIENZI, July 5, 1862.

Major Nelson, of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, reports the enemy, 411 strong, occupying the Hatchie Bottom. One hundred of their force were at Nolin's this morning. Want of water compelled the major to return to his camp here. He had a slight skirmish with the enemy's advance. Killed one man, took one prisoner, losing one horse killed.

D. M. CALDWELL,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp.

Sheridan's recent fight has shown the importance of keeping our cavalry massed to the front. Reports from Sheridan of the disappearance of the rebel cavalry from his front lead us to expect it elsewhere. Reported movement of the enemy of the enemy toward Tuscumbia or east obliged me to direct Sheridan's attention that way for a day or two. Have not

