
returns on Monday and wishes to carry some assurance that the Government will act in the matter. I therefore recommend that he be authorized to say that the Government will exert itself to redress the wrongs of the people of Clarksville, and will immediately declare Colonels Harding and Lowe not to be entitled to the treatment of prisoners of war, and that if captured they will be treated as felons.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

To the SECRETARY OF WAR:

The outrages set forth in this paper and the inclosed letter of the Honorable C. Johnson call for the most strenuous efforts to redress the wrongs suffered. It would be well to bring the matter to the special notice of General Bragg and to give him a copy of these communications; also to declare, for the reasons set forth, that the officers named would not be (unless exculpated by evidence) regarded as entitled to the consideration accorded to soldiers and treatment of prisoners of war, who are by stipulation of cartel to be released if captured, upon parole.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

NOVEMBER 1, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Furnish copies to General Bragg, and prepare and submit for consideration a general order carrying out the President's instructions' also a general order rescinding the order against Pope in consideration of his having left the army operating in Virginia and of an assurance from the Adjutant-General of the United States Army that his obnoxious orders were not considered to be in force.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

HOLLY SPRINGS, October 20, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I have just learned through Colonel Barteau, at Guntown, that the bridge between Rienzi and Booneville is repaired, and that the enemy are re-enforcing at Rienzi. There is no indication of the enemy's cavalry moving on Columbus.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, October 20, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

Flag of truce turned back by meeting one from Corinth and arrival at Colonel Barry's force. Enemy have not left Corinth. Reported that a force from there has taken position at Chewalla. Reported that a number of general officers assembled at Jackson, at General Grant's headquarters. Another conflicting report that troops are moving from Corinth by railroad toward Jackson, Tenn. Have sent a squadron of cavalry to find out definitely the truth and to burn bridges on railroad.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

