
HOLLY SPRINGS, October 21, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

Enemy have not left Corinth. There seems to be, as far as I can yet learn, no indication of evacuation; on contrary, there are indications of preparations for advance. Have sent 1,000 cavalry to force information. Disarrangement of subsistence department at Jackson grows out of leave of absence to Captain Colby, who had all instructions from my chief where arrangement had been made and who was responsible for the supply; he was relieved, and now the responsibility must rest at Jackson. My chief has been directed to communicate our wants to the chief subsistence officer at Jackson, acting under your order. I advise that a supply of at least ten days' subsistence to kept continually on hand here.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

JACKSON, MISS., October 21, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding, Holly Springs:

Give General Samuel Jones, at Knoxville, Tenn., the earliest reliable information you obtain of movements of the enemy. He desires now to know whether the enemy is evacuating Corinth, Bolivar, and Jackson, and, if so, what route they are taking. Tell him at once all you know.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., October 21, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES, Knoxville, Tenn.:

There are contradictory reports from General Van Dorn as to enemy's movements. I have no reliable information that he has abandoned Corinth or is doing so. I have directed General Van Dorn to give you the earliest information.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 21, 1862.-For General Orders, Number 3, Headquarters Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, see Series I, Vol. XV, p.840.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BOWEN'S DIV., ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 1. Camp near Lumpkin's Mill., October 21, 1862.

I. The following details of troops will be made from this division to report as soon as practicable at Waterford Station, on the railroad. They will be provided with three days' cooked rations; will take all their baggage, tents, &amp;c., with them. The senior officer present will take command of each detail. Brigade commanders will notify these headquarters when there detail from their respective commands will reach Waterford. The transportation of the detailed corps will be turned over to Major Haines, division quartermaster.

