
this purpose, and in the event of any officer attempting to impede or interfere with the enrollment you will take prompt measure to bring him to trial. I request that you inform me what measures have been taken in relation to the disbanding corps of partisans raised without competent authority, if any such there be in you command.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, October 29, 1862.

General MARTIN L. SMITH, Commanding, Vicksburg:

I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Pemberton to say to you that if negro labor is not furnished upon the call to obstruct the Yazoo River you are directed and authorized to impress such labor as you may require for its speedy completion. The general also directs that you cause all the railroad bridges in your district t o be well guarded rather than risk their destruction.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, October 30, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, Holly Springs:

I have been notified by the Secretary of War at Richmond, by telegram under date October 28, that seven regiments have been ordered from General Holmes' army for General Lee in Virginia, but that I am authorized to detain them. The regiments are stated to be unarmed, but I am notified that arms, are being sent from Richmond for them. I propose to place them under your command. With this increase of infantry strength I think it will be well to allow the Texas regiments to be remounted. The cavalry brigade organization you can continue. If you have more cavalry than you need I have other poinst where their services are greatly wanted. Let me hear from you on the subject.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, October 30, 1862.

Colonel P. B. STARKE,

Twenty-eighth Mississippi Volunteers, Panola, Miss.:

COLONEL: Upon the information afforded by your report of the position of a part of the enemy (about 250) at a point opposite Helena, the lieutenant-general commanding directs that you attempt a surprise and capture of said party, to effect which end you will proceed with your regiment (taking every man who can endure the journey, and calling upon Major Blythe with his command to co-operate with you, together

