
with such State troops as may be available) with great caution, arriving within about 1 mile of the enemy at dusk in the evening, dismounting and making proper disposition of your troops between that time and daylight, about which time it would be best to make the attack. You will proceed as cautiously as possible, endeavoring by such means to capture or destroy the enemy. Captain James E. Mathews, under Major Blythe, is suggested as a good guide, being well acquainted with the country.

Unless certain of accomplishing the object by surprise you are not expected to undertake the expedition. It is not intended you should attack the enemy if you should discover them to be intrenched with artillery, for by so doing you endanger your command to too great an extent.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., October 31, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully advise that General Price's Missouri and Arkansas troops be ordered to the Trans-Mississippi Department and their places supplied by an equal number of other troops from General Holmes' command. Will communicate further by mail.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, October 31, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, Commanding, &c.:

Scouts on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad report the enemy leaving Corinth and suppose him to be moving toward Buell. I desire you to ascertain as far as possible the truth of this statement and to inform me.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BOWEN'S DIV., ARMY OF THE WEST, Number 10. Lumpkin's Mill, October 31, 1862.

The sum of $279 has been assessed upon this division to pay for pillage committed by troops composing it, and ordered to be paid from army headquarters. The First Brigade will pay $179; the Second Brigade will pay $100. The amounts will be collected by brigade commanders at the next pay-pay, in accordance with General Orders, Number 54, current series, Headquarters Army of West Tennessee, and handed over to Major Haines, assistant quartermaster, at these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier General John S. Bowen:

R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

