
cavalry strength left to dislodge or cut off the rebels at Hatchie. Have directed them to be watched and plans laid to cut them off, if their object and strength permit it. Meanwhile think it desirable in every point of view that a small battalion or squadron from Corinth should be posted at Kossuth, with orders to picket down the road toward Nolin's, at least until I can make dispositions to have that road watched. Can and will that be done?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. A., Commanding.

CORINTH, July 5, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

Have this moment received some information about enemy's movements from General Thomas. They seem to threaten Tuscumbia or Decatur, and have again driven in his outposts.

Have your forces ready to move out. Send out strong scouting parties toward enemy's flank to gain positively his movement.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch received. Hamilton is in position. Davis' division is 1 1/2 miles southeast of Jacinto, on Bay Springs road, and right of brigade covering Marietta road; Buford 2 miles and Sullivan 3 miles to the right. Hamilton has orders to move Third Division early to-morrow morning to position near Adams' Mill, 1 1/2 miles northwest of Jacinto, and to look out for news. All this command have orders to have on hand three days' cooked rations. Will dispatch Sheridan to-night instructions to examine movement southeasterly. He reconnoitered in force beyond Baldwyn to-day. Lieutenant-Colonel Prince will be ordered to push eastwardly from Jacinto. Believe main body of the enemy moving toward Chattanooga or Atlanta by southern main road, cavalry probably covering their left flank and rear, with an intention to make an attack if possible in the direction of Decatur or Tuscumbia; and if not possible it will answer as a demonstration to cover their real movements.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 5, 1862.

General ASBOTH,

Rienzi:

The general commanding directs that you hold you command in readiness for a move, with three days' cooked rations, two in haversacks and one in wagons; that you inspect and report upon the condition of your command for a move if ordered.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

