HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, November 1, 1862.

Colonel JOHN ADAMS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Columbus:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you push forward along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad aa far as possible the whole cavalry force under your command, reserving only so many as may be required as couriers and to keep up your communications in the city. You are desired if possible to push forward as far as Baldwyn. You will make a reconnaissance previous to pushing forward your whole cavalry and ascertain as much information as possible concerning the movements and situation of the enemy. You will scout the country thoroughly and establish a police over the negroes, restraining them and preventing their running about the country. You are desired to report all information received to these headquarters.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, November 3, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Holly Springs, Miss.:

I learn from reliable sources that the enemy is re-enforcing heavily at Corinth and strengthening fortifications; also moving buildings from Burnsville and re-erecting them in Corinth, getting large qualities of lumber from neighboring mills.

C. R. BARTEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., November 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

I desire to withdraw my recommendations as to exchange of General Price's troops. I have just witnessed a review and am much pleased with them.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

HOLLY SPRINGS, November 4, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

Corinth force moving on State Line road toward Saulsbury. I move to-morrow across Tallahatchie, or one corps will get across no doubt. I think of general movement you had better telegraph to Bragg. I do not know where to send to him.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, November 4, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

The enemy are advancing. Have driven in my pickets at Grand Junction and La Grange. Said to be thirty regiments infantry and

