
RICHMOND, November 4, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Holly Springs:

Corps may be raised within the enemy's lines in Tennessee with Governor Harris' approval, who will indicate the counties where this may be accomplished, the raising to be limited to the 1st December by law.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HOLLY SPRINGS, November 5, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

Enemy encamped 3 miles south of Saulsbury, La Grange, and Grand Junction at 4 o'clock this morning. No farther advancement reported this morning. Our wagons on the road to cross Tallahatchie. Troops will not move unless' enemy advance. Not being in command and having to refer to Jackson you should be here to assume control. Don't you think so? Will keep you advised.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

JACKSON, November 5, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding, Holly Springs:

Unless it is positively certain that the enemy is advancing on you in full force do not change your position yet. I doubt his intention to do so. I want you to keep all your available cavalry threatening him. I have a train ready if you think it advisable, for me to go up.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 5, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN:

With your infantry and artillery take position behind the Tallahatchie if the enemy advance in force against you. Feel the enemy with your cavalry; take measures at once to strengthen the position we may be compelled to occupy at the ford by intrenchments. I shall have a train ready to move up if necessary. Make every effort to learn whether the enemy is moving his whole force. Am anxious to hear from Corinth. Advise General Bragg of this movement if found to be correct.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, November 5, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES, Knowville, Tenn.:

General Van Dorn reports apparent move of the enemy's entire force in Southwestern Tennessee and Northwestern Mississippi in the direction of Holly Springs. Will you inform the commanding officer of General Bragg's army of it?

J. C. PEMBERTON.

