
HOLLY SPRINGS, November 7, 1862.

Major-Generals LOVELL, PRICE, and VAN DORN:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs me that you will suspend the publication of Paragraph II, Special Orders, Number -, November 7, 1862, from these headquarters, relieving Major General E. Van Dorn from the command of the army of operations until further orders.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Number 2,Knowville, November 7, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have your dispatch notifying me of the reported movement of the enemy on your position at Holly Springs. I immediately ordered a force of cavalry, in North Alabama, near Tuscumbia, to examine the enemy at Corinth, and, if he moved, to harass his rear and destroy his trains. This was all that we could do directly for your aid. We are moving our available forces, as rapidly as possible, into Middle Tennessee, to resume the offensive against the enemy there. This throws us in the rear of your opponents, and ought to create some diversion. I would prefer striking the enemy in rear, at Corinth, were it practicable, but the Tennessee is a barrier we cannot overcome. It has occurred to me that you are exposing your important depot at Columbus, Miss., to great danger by removing your whole force, if I am correctly informed, to Holly Springs. The depot containing machinery and stores we cannot replace; so that its loss would be great and irreparable. The position too, at Holly Springs is not as strong and defensible as one farther to the rear, behind the Tallahatchie River; but of all this of course you have informed yourself. I only throw out the suggestions as having occurred to my mind when in that country.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Holly Springs, Miss., November 8, 1862.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: Order your corps in readiness to move to-morrow morning.

Send all wagons, baggage, &amp;c., to Abbeville, at early daylight.

Keep your troops in position awaiting orders.

Lovell's corps will move back to-night; his baggage train, &c., will move immediately.

Enemy are advancing in force and are near Rust's division.

Let your train park near Abbeville.

Respectfully,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

