
ABBEVILLE, MISS., November 9, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

The enemy placed himself in very strong force at Grand Junction, La Grange, and Davis' Mill, with every indication of an immediate and general advance. I deemed it advisable to withdraw from the undefensible position at Holly Springs and take a strong one behind Tallahatchie, and am fortifying.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

ABBEVILLE, MISS., November 9, 1862.

Colonel STARKE, Panola:

This army has retired from Holly Springs behind the Tallahatchie. Inform Major Blythe, of Mississippi forces, of this fact.

Respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Army of West Tennessee, November 9, 1862.

[General STERLING PRICE:]

GENERAL: I understood that orders had been sent you last evening early by General Van Dorn. In the absence of such I think it better that as soon as the wagons can be got well out of the way your command should start, to be followed by the First Corps at an hour's interval.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, Number 99. Abbeville, Miss., November 10, 1862.

I. The Army of the West will be posted on the most suitable ground between Abbeville and the bridge over the Tallahatchie. The army corps of Major-General Lovell will be posted at or near the ford at the mouth of Tippah.

II. General George, with the State troops under his command at and near Abbeville, will take post at Oxford, Miss., to guard the public property at that place. General George will assume command of that post, but will give no orders to post quartermaster and commissary except so far as to supply his own command.

III. Commanding officers of army corps will furnish such details as may be called for by Captain S. H. Lockett, chief engineer.

IV. Commanding officers of army corps will take stringent measures to prevent straggling from the army, and will arrest deserters and have them properly tried. Attention is again called to all officers to prevent destruction of private property in the vicinity of their camps, as they will be held strictly responsible for all such damages.

