HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Booneville, Miss., July 5, 1862.

General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith some information obtained by a scout sent out by General Hatch last night.* I do not know how much confidence to place in these reports, but think it best to keep you posted.

I have sent out to-day a company in the direction of Marietta to find out something more positive about this.

My impression is that the enemy are making a move and that they are moving into Northern Georgia, and that they have thrown out a column to cover their movement and possibly to make an attack on the railroad to cut off Buell from Corinth.

Warren's Mill, where they are now reported to be in force, is on the east side of the Tombigdee River, a short distance above where Macky's Creek enters into it, and about 2 miles west of the direct road between Fulton and Iuka.

Should this information be correct and their intention be to attack the railroad they have not more than 40 miles to march from Warren's Mill to Iuka.

Everything is quiet here; our pickets undisturbed. No news from the enemy, except that they are still about Tupelo. I don't know where the cavalry have gone to. I have been waiting for that attack that was promised from Blackland by the "likely-looking colored man." They have not yet made their appearance.

Look out for the left flank!

I believe they will go to Atlanta, but it is only an impression.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 5, 1862.

General C. S. HAMILTON,Rienzi and Jacinto Road:

Colonel Sheridan reports his impression that the enemy is moving into Northern Georgia, and that they have thrown out a column to cover their movement, possibly to make an attack on the railroad, to cut Buell off from Corinth.

The enemy is reported to be at Warren's Mill in force on the east side of Tombigdee, a short distance above where Macky's Creek empties into it, and about 2 miles west of the Fulton and Iuka road. Warren's Mill is about 40 miles from Iuka.

Look for your supplies via Asboth.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

LA GRANGE, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Jackson:

An officer of the Twentieth Ohio, just arrived from Memphis, reports that 300 of Jackson's cavalry crossed the road in a northerly direction at an early hour this morning 20 miles west of here.

M. D. LEGGETT,

Colonel Seventy-eighth Ohio Infantry.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

