
JACKSON, November 13, 1863.

Major-General VAN DORN:

Have the works directed to be thrown up at Wyatt Ferry, on the opposite side of the river, pushed forward as rapidly as possible; also an abatis constructed on the south side of the river at the ferry.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Abbeville, Miss., November 13, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding Department, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: Reports from citizens say that quite a large number of troops have been moving down the river in the last five or six days. I have a report also, which confirms the report sent me by Colonel Starke, that the enemy are concentrating a force opposite Helena, with the intention of marching toward Grenada. We must have more troops.

Holly Springs was taken by the enemy to-day, having driven off our cavalry pickets at that place. Re-enforcements are reported coming down from Columbus to Jackson and Bolivar. The column of the enemy that marched out of Memphis, in the direction of Hernando, has returned.

I am getting in negroes as fast as possible, and doing what I can with the means at my disposal. Send me all the intrenching tools you can. I think if you can spare Lockett he had better be here to take charge of works, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

SALTILLO, November 13, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

It was mistake about Federals crossing river toward Nashville. None went that way; only sick men sent by rail back to Columbus. Troops went from Corinth to Grand Junction and Bolivar. Federal force at Corinth, 3,000; at Rienzi, 600 infantry and 200 cavalry; at Kossuth, 1,600; at Jumpertown, near Blackland, 400.

C. R. BARTEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS,Magnolia, Miss., November 14, 1862.

General VAN DORN, Abbeville, Miss.:

Do you think there is any prospect of the enemy advancing on you? If so, I will join you at once; if not, I am very anxious to go to Port Hudson. Very important for me to go there.

I await your answer here. I will take me three days.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

