
Captain HOTCHKISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: That you may be informed of affairs at La Grange the above telegram is sent you.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

MY DEAR SIR: This introduces Gov. William Sprague, of Rhode Island. He is now Governor for the third time and Senator-elect of the United States.

I know the object of his visit to you. He has my cheerful consent to go, but not my direction. He wishes to get you and part of your force, one or both, to come here. You already know I should be exceedingly glad of this if, in your judgment, it could be without endangering positions and operations in the Southwest, and I now repeat what I have more than once said by telegraph. "Do not come or send a man if, in your judgment, it will endanger any point you deem important to hold, or endangers or delays the Chattanooga expedition."

Still, please give my friend Governor Sprague a full and fair hearing.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

CORINTH, July 6, 1862. (Received 6.40 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Official reports just received of a brilliant affair of our cavalry near Booneville, Miss., on the 1st instant. Colonel Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry, with two regiments of 728 men, were attacked by parts of eight regiments of rebels, numbering some 4,700 men, which he defeated and drove back after seven hours' fighting. Our loss was 41 killed, wounded, and missing. That of the enemy must have been very great. Left 65 dead on the field. Official reports will be forwarded by mail. I respectfully recommend Colonel Sheridan for promotion for gallant conduct in battle.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, July 6, 1862.

General GORDON GRANGER,Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you inform Colonel Sheridan of the subject of this dispatch* (Rienzi, July 5, 10 p.m.), and that you instruct Colonel Mizner to watch the movements of this cavalry force with a view of possible to cut them off. Colonel Sheridan should

---------------

*See report of Lieutenant D. M. Caldwell, aide-de-camp, of skirmish on the Hatchie River, Miss., July 5, 1862, Part I, p.21.

---------------

