
VICKSBURG, November 27, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Some of the enemy's boats are above Lake Providence this afternoon and reported descending. No land movement heard of.

M. L. SMITH.

ABBEVILLE, November 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Cannot General Forney send me some troops? If Vicksburg falls Mobile goes also. My force here is very much less than the enemy's in my front.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SUBSIST. DEPT., 2nd DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. LA., Vicksburg, November 27, 1862.

Captain W. O. KEY,Post Quartermaster, Vicksburg:

SIR: As you seem to have misunderstood the nature of my letter of the 24th instant, I beg leave to call your attention especially to the following points:

Under instructions from Lieutenant-General Pemberton, commanding

department, communicated to me through Major-General Smith, commanding this district, I am required to collect very large amounts of commissary stores at this point, and as I am depended for corn, meal, pease, &amp;c., on the river above and below this point, it is absolutely necessary that I should have at least two steamboats, which will be kept running constantly, in order to secure all I can in places which are likely to be cut off by the raids of the enemy. I applied for the steamboat Louis D'Or some days ago, and on ascertaining that she was needed temporarily for special service elsewhere, I stated I must have another. You will therefore please turn over to me for immediate use the steamboats Louis D'Or and Home, which will be immediately sent for corn and meal already engaged and awaiting transportation.

I am also ordered to construct houses in which to secure supplies, and as it is important to furnish them without delay I must urge you to use all dispatch in securing lumber and nails necessary. I will need about 70,000 feet of lumber and six or eight kegs of nails.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

