
The reduction of force at Helena must make it impossible for the enemy to move upon Little Rock, but rather exposes Helena to capture by your forces, the importance of which is even greater now than before. You will perceive the necessity for successful defense at Vicksburg.

Is not your force sufficient under these circumstances to make a detachment, as heretofore proposed, to re-enforce General pemberton before a rise in the Arkansas and White Rivers? That detachment might again return to west side of river. Whatever can be done should be executed with the utmost rapidity.

By the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

LITTLE ROCK, November 28, 1862. (Received Jackson, Miss., November 29, 1862.)

Brigadier-General BLANCHARD, Monroe, La:

(To be forward to General Pemberton, Jackson.)

Telegraph General Pemberton a large number of troops on transports at Helena; destination supposed to be Arkansas Post or Vicksburg.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

ABBEVILLE, November 28, 1862. (Received November 29, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

Reliable information derived from many sources represents the enemy in my front at not less than 60,000, preparing to advance on my front and right under Grant and Sherman; while Steele with 12,000 or 15,000 from Delta and Friar's Point march by Charleston and Coffeeville; while an expedition by the river is preparing under McClernand directly against Vicksburg. It is evident also that another expedition is preparing against Port Hudson. This army does not exceed 24,000 effective of all arms. Have sent to Vicksburg every man I can. The force there will not be over 4,500; Port Hudson about the same. Unless Holmes' army gets to Vicksburg at once I shall be compelled to withdraw this army to defend it. My forces are entirely inadequate.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

SALTILLO, November 28, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

The Federals evacuated Rienzi yesterday evening at 3 o'clock. They went back to Corinth, and I think they are leaving that place also.

C. R. BARTEAU.

WATERFORD, November 28, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

Heard of no more from La Grange. Enemy reported in force on Coldwater. Advance reached Holly Springs. They will advance to Lumpkin's Mill to-morrow.

W. H. JACKSON,

Chief of Cavalry.

