
send a reconnoitering party on the Ripley road from Dick Smith's around toward Nolin's. If Colonel Sheridan has not a picket on that road in the vicinity of its intersection with the Blackland and Kossuth road one ought to be placed there immediately, and concert of action between Colonels Mizner and Sheridan. You should suggest to Colonel Mizner it is probable he can find a place toward Kossuth, behind Hinkle's Creek, so as to watch the Blackland and Kossuth road, and on the Rienzi and Ripley road, while he can communicate with Rienzi in such a way as to know every movement on either road, and be able to cut off any moderate patrolling force of the rebels.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CORINTH, July 6, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

General Rosecrans reports a strong demonstration of the enemy in the direction of Tupelo, also on right near Kossuth. There is a general movement of the enemy reported. His real design is still in doubt. If threatened by superior forces, move this side of Bear Creek and cover Iuka and Eastport. Under no circumstances permit the enemy to get between you and Jacinto.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, July 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: Since the Kansas troops entered this department their march has been marked by robbery, theft, pillage, and outrages upon the peaceful inhabitants, making enemies to our cause wherever they went. Brigadier-General Quinby reported that he found it impossible to restrain them, and asked for authority to muster them out of service.

On their reaching Major-General McClernand's command he made similar recommendations and reports; and on their way from him to this place they nearly ruined a train of cars by refusing to comply with the orders of the conductor, General Mitchell sustaining them in this disobedience of my orders. It is reported that General Mitchell took no measures whatever to restrain his men from robbery and plunder, while Colonel Anthony actually encouraged his men in committing outrages along the road, on the ground that they were "slaveholders" who were plundered.

I have brought these troops to this place, and shall do my best to reduce them to proper discipline, but an very doubtful of success, so long as bad officers, supported as they allege by political influence at Washington, encourage them in violating laws, regulations, and orders.

I inclose copies of these reports as specimens of the allegations which have been against these Kansas troops.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Deitzler to Quinby June 26, Chenowith to Halleck June 30, and Dodge to Rochester July 2, pp.34, 53, 66.

---------------

