
VICKSBURG, MISS., November 30, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

Five gunboats and a steam-tug at the month of the Yazoo attempted to land with small party at Milliken's Bend ; were attacked and an officer killed. No other news.

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General.

ABBEVILLE, MISS., November 30, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

I am compelled to fall back for the defense of Vicksburg. The effective force there does not exceed 4,000. General Holmes is doing nothing to assisted me. The enemy is moving form 10,000 to 15,000 from Delta by month of Coldwater toward Grenada. Sherman with 20,000 is at Lumpkin's Mill, 12 miles in my front. Grant is moving also with the whole or part of his army, from 35,000 to 40,000, and will doubtless cross a large force at New Albany. Columbus, Miss., is not fortified. Within a few days a large expedition by the Mississippi River will move direct for Vicksburg for a combined land and water attack. You see my situation; it is for you to decide how far you can help me. I am now moving my baggage to Yalabusha.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

My effective force for battle will not exceed 20,000 at this or any other point south.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MAURY'S DIVISION, ARMY OF THE WEST, November 30, 1862.

Major M. M. KIMMEL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I am directed by Major-General Maury to say that all the pieces in this division are fully supplied with ammunition except the 3-inch rifle guns, and that he is advised that the post ordnance officer has none of that kind of ammunition on hand. I am also directed to say that there is as much ammunition for small-arms on hand as can be transported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. GILLESPIED,

Ordnance Officer, Maury's Division.

JACKSON, MISS., November 30, 1862.

General COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond:

Lieutenant-General Pemberton joined the army in advance yesterday. The enemy's cavalry to-day cut off communication at Grenda with him and his army.

