
The enemy are pressing our army in great force.

Am I authorized to call on Lieutenant-General Holmes for re-enforce ments?

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 67. Abbeville, November 30, 1862.

All trains, with the exception of the ordnance wagons, will be sent immediately behind the Yocana. Those of the First Corps will march by the nearest practicable road from the various position occupied by the corps to the point on the Yocona near where the Oxford and Dallas road (leading southeast) crosses that stream. Those of the Second Corps will take the roads leading from the present position of the troops to Oxford, thence south to the point where the road crosses the Yocona. All the trains will be parked behind that steam and await further orders. Cavalry trains will follow the trains belonging to the troops nearest which they are encamped. No time will be lost in getting off these trains. Colonel Jackson will detach one company of cavalry on each road leading south from Tubytubby, Wyatt, Abbeville, and Tippah, with orders to prevent straggling from the army and to apprehend and send back to their commands all men not authorized to accompany the trains. Quartermasters will accompany their trains.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS., AND EAST LA., Numbers -. Abbeville, Miss., November 30, 1862.

All the troops of this army will march at daylight in the morning and concentrate at Oxford. What cannot be transported will be destroyed. There must be no failure in carrying out this order. The squadrons of cavalry left at Tobytubby Ford, Wyatt Ford, railroad bridge, and Tippah Ford will remain at those points to watch the enemy left in our rear. They will fall back only when compelled to do so and keep these regiment and a section of artillery as rear guard. A column of the enemy has crossed the Tallahatchie and are in our rear. The rain to-night will cut it off. They are to be fought, and there must be no failure to concentrate our forces at Oxford as indicated.

J. C. PEMBERTON,Lieutenant-General, Commanding

OXFORD, December 1, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, Richmond, Va.:

I am endeavoring to place myself behind the Yalabusha River, but am strongly threatened both in front and rear. Am now at Oxford, but shall move to-morrow morning.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

