
JACKSON, MISS., December 1, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Information just received from General Pemberton's army, which is said to be falling back toward Grenada. Railroad communication open with him; telegraph interrupted. Enemy still threatens Grenada in large force.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULP, Mobile, December 1, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Bragg so soon as the Tennessee regiments (Brigadier-General Vaughn's command) arrive to send a strong brigade of infantry to Meridian subject to your orders, but to be recalled whenever we are threatened here. I have directed General Vaughn to proceed, without stopping, to Meridian with his command, agreeably to these instructions.

His command consists of three regiments of infantry. If cavalry will be of any service to you I think I can furnish you with one regiment. I might also spare you a few independent cavalry companies. Please advise me on this point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. H. FORNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS., AND EAST LA., Numbers -, Oxford, December 1, 1862.

I. In the event of the approach of the enemy in such force that they cannot be resisted by the force left here, all public property at this point will be destroyed upon the order of the officer left in command.

II. All sick men left at this point who can travel will be allowed twenty days to proceed eastward, and will report to the surgeon in charge of the nearest hospital on the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, reporting as early as practicable, through the hospital surgeon, to their regimental or company commanders.

By order of Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers -, Oxford, December 1, 1862.

I. All troops encamped on the Yocona River will move by the most practicable and direct routes at 7 a. m. to-morrow to Coffeeville and encamp on the mouth of stream north of the town. The two army corps will encamped under the direction of their respective corps commanders. Maury's division, Scott's brigade, and Waul's Legion will move by the most direct route to the same point.

II. Chief of cavalry will detail McCullouch's brigade to remain in Oxford until Colonel Slemons' brigade arrives, when they will form junction and remain in rear until the stores are removed from this place

