
ORDNANCE BUREAU, Richmond, December 2, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully return herewith telegram from Major G. U. Mayo, chief of ordnance for General Pemberton, to His Excellency the President, with your indorsement thereon. I send you memorandum, showing arms, &amp;c., sent to General Pemberton since 29th of October, by special messengers. I sent a messenger from here some time since to hasten forward all arms on any of the railroads, and on Sunday, at my request, the Quartermaster-General telegraphed to his officers controlling transportation to urge forward all arms and ammunition for General Pemberton. I have ordered Major Childs, at Charleston, to send to him all small-arms that could be spared from that arsenal.

There is a large number of arms at Columbus, Miss., needing repairs, and some time since I directed the commanding officer there to repair these as rapidly as possible and send them. This morning I have a telegram from him in which he says, "Am sending about 600 arms per week to General Pemberton."

In a letter just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Oladowski, chief of ordnance for General Bragg's army (dated November 23, 1862), he says:

To Atlanta, in addition to 2, 2240 arms sent previously, I forwarded 800 more, and by order of General Bragg I instructed Major Wright as soon as these will be repaired to issue them to General Pemberton, 500 of which are already forwarded.

I have authorized Colonel Stockton, commanding arsenal at Jackson, Miss., to call upon all contiguous arsenals for ammunition, &c., to supply General Pemberton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, November 30, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Only 1,700 arms received yet from Richmond. General Pemberton joined army last night. Arms seem to be continually delayed on the road.

GEORGE UPSHUR MAYO,

Major and Chief of Ordnance.

Ordnance and ordnance stores ordered to Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton's command.

October 29, Richmond: One thousand seven hundred small-arms.

October 29, Richmond: Four 4.62 rifled and banded guns, with carriages and ammunition complete; four 12-pounder bronze guns; four 24-pounder howitzers, with carriages, caissons, and ammunition complete.

November 9, Richmond: Four thousand rounds ammunition for 6-pounder gun and 12-pounder howitzer (three-fifths gun and two-fifths howitzer); 8- rounds 20-pounder Parrott ammunition; 200 rounds 3-pounder Parrott ammunition.

November 10, Charleston: Eight hundred arms to General Smith, Vicksburg.

