HDQRS. SUBSIST. DEPT., 2nd DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. LA., Vicksburg, December 2, 1862.

Major L. MIMS,Chief Quartermaster, Jackson, Miss.:

DEAR SIR: I have been instructed by the major-general commanding to accumulate large amounts of commissary stores here, and in order to preserve them properly it will be necessary to construct rough houses in which to store them. The corn, pease, and meal are now arriving here, and it is very important to have them hauled from the river bank and put under shelter as rapidly as possible. I haven applied to the quartermaster here frequently, but can get no lumber or nails, and must call your attention to the necessities of the department and urge upon you the great importance of sending these things on speedily as possible. A telegram from Major-General Smith went this morning to you requesting shipment of sixty mules and harmless complete in order to move the stores from the river bank. I inclose approved requisition for same, and hope they will come to hand immediately, as the transportation question is a very serious one at this time and is becoming me important every day. Please see to getting lumber and nails immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

RICHMOND, December 3, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

General Pemberton has fallen back from his positions by advance of very superior force of the enemy. General Holmes has been peremptorily ordered to re-enforce him, but his troops may arrive too late. The President urges on you the importance of sending a sufficient force from General Bragg's command to the aid of General Pemberton.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS, Water Valley, December 3, 1862-8 o'clock.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,Commanding:

GENERAL: All of Lovell's train on this road are over the river; those going by Lawsher's are now passing. Gregg is halted where the Spring Dale road comes into this. Lovell's corps is yet 5 miles in rear coming up. Maury is in rear yet. Lovell goes to Lawsher's; Maury comes here. I shall remain until he comes up.

I shall send back for a company of cavalry, but it will be late before it gets up. No cavalry here.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

Nothing reported from the rear. All quiet.

