HEADQUARTERS, Water Valley, December 3, 1862-8.15 o'clock.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,Commanding:

GENERAL: I inclose you a dispatch from Colonel Griffith, just received.* Maury's division has just arrived at this point. Lovell's troops are on the road to Lawsher's, and will be across the river, he says, about 10 o'clock p. m. Gregg is marching upon Spring Dale road; will be up soon. Maury will bivouac just behind the town. Gregg will bivouac in front of town. All will move in the morning at 4 o'clock.

Maury says there has been no heavy skirmishing in rear to-day. No artillery firing. Thinks there has been nothing but cavalry. All will march at 4 o'clock in morning.

Respectfully,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. 2nd DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. LA., Numbers 33. Vicksburg, December 3, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. Mr. W. H. Johnson having been made a special agent for the accumulation of Government supplies in this district as well as in this department, and instructed to establish his office at this point, the following directions are issued relative thereto:

1st. The district and depot commissaries and the dept quartermaster will report to him the names of all agents appointed by them for the purchase of supplies; also direct such agents to report to him for instructions.

2d. Arrangements for the transportation of all such supplies, either up or down the river by boats, will be under his control.

3. As far as practicable all Government and other stores needing transportation will be taken by the boats employed by him, for which purpose information of their movements will always he given to the depot quartermaster.

4th. All disbursements connected with purchases and freights controlled by Mr. Johnson will be made by him.

By command of Major General M. L. Smith:

JNO. G. DEVEREUX,Assistant Adjutant-General.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I shall be in position on the Yalabusha with part of my forces to-night; the remainder to-morrow; probably in all about 21,000 effective. My rear guard has been skirmishing with the enemy since leaving Tallahatchie. They have been skirmishing also on my right flank with troops from the Mississippi River.

We have about 6,000 effective men for the defense of Vicksburg and Yazoo; about 4,500 effective at Port Hudson; have no troops of any moment elsewhere. The brigade you send me will be held for the present at Jackson.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

