
GRENADA, December 4, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond:

I expect my army to be in position on the Yalabusha, part to-night and part to-morrow night-about 21,000 effective. Brigade sent by Bragg will for the present be retained at Jackson. The enemy is in strong force from our rear to Wolf River. Daily skirmishing with the rear guard and with troops on the Mississippi River on our right. I left the army at Water Valley at 1 o'clock this morning. It was in fine spirits and condition. No important losses in stores of any kind. I shall endeavor to maintain this position. I have not overestimated the enemy's strength.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

DECEMBER 4, 1862-8 a. m.

General [VAN DORN]:

The enemy fell back Oakland last night and are not progressing this way this morning. I shall move on them to Oakland immediately and get after and harass them. Don't fear for our train in this quarter; the danger is lower down. I can and will keep them back from Oakland and Preston east. A cavalry force thrown out by you west of Torrance Deport would be prudent.

Yours, truly,

JOHN S. GRIFFITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade Texas Cavalry.

Colonel Robert McCulloch has arrived. He will move on to Oakland via Preston road.

GRIFFITH.

COFFEEVILLE, December 4, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Enemy fallen back from Oakland; reported by Colonel Griffith. Cavalry still following. Have ordered all our cavalry to Harding Station to fall on their flank. Maury and Lovell will march to-morrow at 8 o'clock; will get to Grenada about sundown. Train of cars with sick and property will be in soon.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, At Mr. Harrison's, 3 1\2 miles from Grenada, December 4, 1862.

Captain R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Be pleased to inform the general commanding that my command is encamped at this place. The rain to-day has made the roads so bad that my train would not be able to get farther to-night. I have heard no report of the enemy to-day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

