
JACKSON, December 4, 1862./

Major-General SMITH,

Vicksburg:

Headquarters department re-established at this point.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., December 4, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

Can you give me General Pemberton's force and that of the enemy; the direction in which he is moving and where he is? Use the President's cipher of last spring.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., December 4, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have received this morning your telegram of yesterday informing me that Lieutenant-General Pemberton is falling back before a very superior force; that Lieutenant-General Holmes has been peremptorily ordered to re-enforce him, but that as General Holmes' troops may be too late the President urges on me the importance of sending a sufficient force from General Bragg's command to the aid of Lieutenant-General Pemberton.

Three railroad accidents delayed my journey so much that I did not reach this place until after 12 last night; consequently your dispatch was delivered to-day too late for communication with General Bragg before to-morrow, when I shall visit his headquarters.

I do not know General Pemberton's late positions. His march, I suppose, will be toward Vicksburg, where General Holmes' troops must cross the river. His movements therefore ar facilitating the junction, while they daily render that of General Bragg with him more difficult. The enemy, too, is exactly between the latter and himself. It seems to me consequently that the aid of General Holmes can better be relied on than that of General Bragg. I therefore respectfully suggest that that officer be urged to the utmost expedition. Should the enemy get possession of Vicksburg we cannot dislodge him. The Tennessee River is a formidable obstacle to the expedition march of General Bragg's troops into Mississippi. He may, besides, be compelled to take a circuitous route; of this, however, I am not fully informed, nor have I learned the enemy's attitude in Tennessee. It is to be presumed that all such information can be acquired at General Bragg's headquarters, which I shall reach to-morrow.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 4, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Let me know by express which way you are moving and what your plans are . Urge General Holmes to quick movement. I am without the necessary information. Give it.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

