HDQRS. SUBSIST. DEPT., 2nd DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. LA., Vicksburg, Miss., December 4, 1862.

Major R. H. CUNEY,Commissary of Subsistence, Jackson, Miss.:

DEAR SIR: Referring you to my letter of the 2d, the major-general commanding this district says that we will require a larger quantity of supplies than I wrote for. As we may have a long siege it is important to have a plenty of supplies. You will forward immediately the following articles: Eight thousand beeves, 400 casks bacon, 1,800 boxes of soap, 1,500 sacks salt, 500 tierces of rice, 1,000 barrels of vinegar, 2,500 barrels flour, 125 sacks coffee, 150 boxes candles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

GENERAL ORDERS, DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, December 4, 1862.

The undersigned assumes the command to which he is assigned in Special Orders, Numbers 225, dated Richmond, November 24, 1862. The following officers constitute his staff:

Colonel B. S. Ewell, adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Lamar, assistant adjutant-general.

Major A. P. Mason, assistant adjutant-general.

Colonel Charles M. Fauntleroy, inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Edwin J. Harvie, assistant inspector-general.

Major Alfred M. Barbour, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant J. Barroll Washington, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Wade Hampton, jr., aide-de-camp.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 5, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JONSTON,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Pemberton telegraphs yesterday from Grenada. His force, 21,000, at Yalabusha River. Near by enemy, 60,000, extending from his rear to Wolf River. Daily skirmishing with rear guard and with troops on Mississippi River on his right.

The word in cipher can be explained by one of General Bragg's signal officers. The President has not the cipher you refer to. If it is a dictionary cipher, please let me know the particular edition of the dictionary you have, that copies of the same may be obtained here, if possible, to work by.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

LITTLE ROCK, December 5, 1862. (Received Richmond, December 8, 1862.)

General S. COOPER:

Two-thirds of my force is in Northwest Arkansas to meet a heavy advance there from Springfield, Mo. I expect a fight daily. Not a

