HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Moscow, Tenn., July 7, 1862.

General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

I did not get your order of the 1st till yesterday; the messenger fell into the enemy's hands. A second was lost, and the third reached me yesterday. I am at Moscow and Hurlbut at La Grange. As long as I was at Coldwater the cavalry kept below Holly Springs, but they will be again at mischief with our trains. Cannot I have a locomotive? I have never had an hour's use of one even for supplies, except in our trip to Corinth; although my division saved five and have built almost a dozen bridges, a train has never been at my disposal and we have to haul everything from Memphis. Send me a locomotive and I will put her through to Memphis with a gun-car and a strong guard.

To defend the road from Grand Junction to Memphis we should occupy the line of Coldwater, with sufficient infantry and cavalry to pursue the enemy's detachments. To defend it on the line of road McClernand should hold the Junction and La Grange; Hurlbut, Moscow and La Fayette, and my division should be in front of Colliersville and Germantown. It is there all the roads toward Memphis debouch on this line of road.

This is terrible weather for marching; dust and heat insufferable.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, July 7, 1862.

General GRANT:

By order of General Halleck I am back at Moscow. The line of Coldwater is the proper line from which to protect this road, but I should have some cavalry. The Fourth Illinois is now a mere squad, and it is worse than toothache to call upon them for hard work. My wagon train again started for Memphis this morning under escort of the regiment that protected if before. I don't think the train will e molested going to Memphis, but coming back it may be different. I think it should take the back road. I want McClernand to hold the Junction; Hurlbut, Moscow and La Fayette, and my division to come to Germantown and Colliersville.

Who should give the order? I have telegraphed to him my return.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, July 7, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

The following is substance of dispatch just received from General Sherman:

Returned to Moscow. Think Coldwater the line to hold for protection of the railroad. Want McClernand to hold Grand Junction; Hurlbut, Moscow and La Fayette, and my (Sherman's) division to move to Germantown and Colliersville.

Shall I make the order for this position?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

