
spicuous in society, wealthy, or influential obtain some safe perch where they can doze with their heads under their wings. Partiality, favoritism, perhaps bribery and corruption, sustain this acknowledged evil. It exists at least to an enormous extent, and should be dug up and cast out by the roots.

Again, why cannot men over forty-five act as teamsters, wagon guard, &amp;c., and other details, instead of taking hundreds of younger soldiers from the ranks and thus weakening the line?

But I am extending this letter too far. May God have you in his holy keeping.

Your friend,

JAMES PHELAN.

P. S.-I wrote you from Montgomery asking the appointment of Judge Sale as an army judge. I hope you received it and will appoint him.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers -,Grenada, December 9, 1862.

I. During he temporary absence of the lieutenant-general commanding the immediate command of the Army of Mississippi devolves upon Major General Earl Van Dorn, who will also retain that of the First Corps.

II. Captain R. W. Memminger, assistant adjutant-general's officer connected with the army, and all official communications will be addressed accordingly.

By order at Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, MISS., December 10, 1862.

Major General MARTIN L. SMITH,

Commanding, &c., Vicksburg:

DEAR SIR: In accordance with your instructions I proceeded yesterday to the headquarters of the forces on the Yazoo to make arrangements for the establishment of a depot for commissary stores there for the troops, and to appoint a post commissary for the accumulation of a sufficient amount to prevent suffering in case the communications between here and there were cut off by the enemy.

I consulted with Colonel Edward Higgins, senior officer in command, and also with Colonel Withers, of the First Mississippi Artillery, and we have agreed it would be best to appoint a commissary at once and to have agreed it would be best to appoint a commissary at once and to have a sufficient supply of provisions to last the command there third days in advance. In order to secure all the corn, pease, and such other necessary articles of subsistence as can be had from the country above there, and satisfy planters that they will not only find a market for their produce by bringing it there but that they will be safe in doing so, I ordered the construction of a flat-boat and purchased one other already completed for the establishment of a Government ferry at a point on the Yazoo River very near or at Haines' Bluff, where it will be entirely out of the range of fire in the event of an engagement on the river below

