
Remember that you are the inheritors and should be the defenders of the honors and glories which cluster about the old State Guard. Hold the old banner still aloft and trail it not home in disgrace.

No part services, however glorious, can save from dishonor him who meanly deserts his country and his comrades in the hour of danger nor shield his wife and children from the shame and ignominy which cling ever after to the deserter's family. But if there be among you one cowardly enough to desert let him consider the difficulties which obstruct his path and remember the fate which awaits him. From that fate the major-general commanding cannot save him if he would.

Be then patient for awhile. Every effort is being made to accomplish your wishes and to take you back to your homes. Thwart not those efforts by mutinous behavior or dastardly desertion.

The major-general commanding claims the right to speak to you plainly. He has never deceived you. He has never hesitated to share your every discomfort and your every danger. He might at any time have gone back to Missouri to command a new army had he been willing to part from you. He might go there to-morrow if he would consent to leave you; but he will never abandon the brave soldiers and long-suffering men whom he has led from the beginning, who have always followed him so nobly, and who have won for him all he honor and glory which a partial people has lavished upon him. He asks that you will continue to stand by him as he has stood by you as he will stand by you to the end.

By order of Major-General Price:

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2, Numbers 62. Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 14, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. Major General Franklin Gardner is relieved from duty with Army of the Tennessee, and will proceed to Jackson, Miss., and report to Lieutenant-General Pemberton for duty.

III. Brigadier-General Maxey is relieved from duty with Army of the Tennessee, and will proceed to Jackson, Miss., and report to Lieutenant-General Pemberton for duty.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, December 15, 1862.

Captain HOOE:

Copy of dispatch received:

OKOLONA, December 15, 1862.

To Colonel ADAMS:

I will retire as I am forced back, destroying the railroad and telegraph. A portion of my cavalry is now arriving at Verona. The Federal force immediately in front of us is 2,500, infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Colonel Roddey will watch any movement upon Columbus eastward of railroad.

C. R. BARTEAU,

Colonel.

