
will be fined $ 1, and any soldier who puts his gun in a wagon must be severely punished.

The wagon guards must march by its side, armed and ready to defend the train.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

Numbers 40. Camp, Spring Creek, June 12, 1862.

General Denver and Colonel McDowell will march as early as possible in the morning, June 13, and take position respectively on the right and left of the State Line road where it crosses the second branch of Spring Creek, 1 1\2 miles in advance of these headquarters.

General Hurlbut, with one brigade, will at once occupy General Denver's present camp, at Foster's, on the west bank of Porter's Creek. The rest of his command will remain on the Hatchie until the division train arrives, when all of his troops will move by easy marches on the State Line road to Grand Junction.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 13, 1862.

Colonel CHARLES ELLET, JR.,

Commander of Ram Fleet, opposite Memphis:

The appointments of Dr. Roberts as fleet surgeon and Dr. Lawrence as assistant have been made and forwarded to you by mail, via Cairo. I am glad to learn that you are not entirely disabled, and hope you may be able to give the finishing stroke to the enemy at Vicksburg. Please send me by mail a full description of the vessels composing your fleet; its armament, force, equipment, and where you prepared it, and the cost, suitable for a report to Congress.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVES, Camp Bethel, June 13, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Corinth:

General Wallance reached railroad station on Memphis and Ohio Railroad, 11 miles from Memphis, on the 12th instant. He reports a great scarcity of water from Bolivar to Somerville; chiefly wheat and corn fields on the way. In some districts no cotton burned, and in others nearly all. He chased a party of cotton-burners several miles; captured some horses and equipments, but no victims. Bridges toward Jackson, probably meaning Humboldt, burned. Road from station to Memphis in running order. Saved a passenger and box car and prevented bridge across Wolf River from being burned. Had sent a handcar to memphis, and understands there are three locomotives and probably freight cars in Memphis. Was sending his wagons to memphis for supplies. I am communicating with Bolivar by telegraph. Shall I move my headquarters to Jackson, a more central and convenient point?

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,Major-General, Commanding.

