HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Jackson, July 7, 1862.

Colonel L. OZBURN,

Commanding Expedition:

You will proceed at once with your command to Brownsville and make that place the base of your operations and encamp there until otherwise ordered. You will enforce strict discipline and order in your camp by keeping your command together and not allowing them to straggle outside your lines. You will use your utmost endeavors to protect the rights of private property, suffering nothing to be taken except what is absolutely necessary for your command, and then only by paying or agreeing to pay to the owner a just compensation for the same. You will keep a vigilant [guard] posted around your camp to prevent surprise, and also to prevent your command from straggling outside the lines. Information has just been received that a force of some 300 of the enemy (Jackson's cavalry) are in the vicinity of where you will be and beyond you. You will use active measures to take them, if in your power, without hazarding your command, upon receipt of information that you may receive at any time respecting them or their movements, and you will co-operate with Major Wallace, of the cavalry. You will use your endeavors to cultivate a conservative, friendly feeling with the people where you may be. You will report to me your operations from time to time and any other information that you may see proper to communicate to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier General J. A. Logan:

[STEWART R. TRESILIAN,]

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DISTRICT OF JACKSON, TENN.,Jackson, July 7, 1862.

Major M. R. M. WALLACE,

Commanding Cavalry Expedition:

You will proceed at once with your command to Brownsville Landing, by way of Brownsville, and make that place the base of your operations and encamp there until otherwise ordered.

You will enforce strict discipline and order in your camp by keeping your command together and not allowing them to straggle outside your lines.

You will use your utmost endeavors to protect the rights of private property, suffering nothing to be taken except what is absolutely necessary for your command, and then only by paying or agreeing to pay to the owner a just compensation for the same. You will keep a vigilant guard posted around your camp to prevent surprise, and also to prevent your men from straggling outside the lines.

Information has just been received that a force of some 300 of the enemy (Jackson's cavalry) are in the vicinity of where you will be and beyond you. You will take active measures to take them, if in your power, without hazarding your command, upon receipt of information that you may receive at any time respecting them or their movements, and you will co-operate with Colonel Ozburn, who will be stationed at Brownsville. You will endeavor to cultivate a conservative, friendly feeling with the people where you may be. You will report to me your operations from time to time and any other information that you may see proper to communicate to these headquarters.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

