
Organization of the troops in the Department of Mississippi and Rast Louisiana, commanded by Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton, December, 1862.

ARMY NORTH MISSISSIPPI.

1st Corps, Major General M. Lovell.

2nd Corps, Major General S Price.

Cavalry corps, Colonel Jackson.

Cavalry escort, Captain John Bradley.

Vaughn's (Tennessee) brigade composed of-

79th Tennessee

80th Tennessee

81th Tennessee

FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT.

Columbus, troops at-

White's cavalry company

Hewlett's Battalion Partisan Rangers.

Owens' light artillery.

Rice's heavy artillery

Thrall's heavy artillery.

Squadron of cavalry at Jackson, Miss.

SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT.

First Brigade State Troops.

17th Louisiana.

22nd Louisiana.

26th Louisiana.

27th Louisiana.

28th Louisiana.

3rd Mississippi.

46th Mississippi.

Adams cavalry. 28th Mississippi Cavalry (Company I).

Partisan Rangers (one company).

Ogden's command (artillery).

1st Mississippi Light Artillery.

Clinch's command (light battery).

Sterling's command (heavy artillery).

Sappers and Miners (one company).

Signal Corps.

THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT.

First Brigade.

Second Brigade.

Third Brigade.

Fourth Brigade.

Fifth Brigade.

1st Alabama Regiment.

Daigre's cavalry (one company).

Hunges' cavalry (battalion).

Jones' cavalry (one company).

Garland's Partisan Rangers (battalion).

12th Louisiana Battalion (artillery).

English's company (artillery).

Boone's battery (light artillery).

Fenner's battery (light artillery).

Withers' battery (light artillery).

Baton Rouge forces.

camp Monroe forces

Panchatoula forces.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE TRENCHES,January 1, 1863.

Colonel J. H. MORRISON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Mississippi, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: All quiet in front. The enemy are engaged in constructing rifle-pits near the lake in front of Barton's position.

All quiet at Snyder's Mill at 5 p. m. on yesterday. The enemy had advanced his pickets in front of Wofford's battery.

Respectfully,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, January-, 1863.

[Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton:]

GENERAL: i respectfully request you to communicate to me the substance of all the orders you may give for moment of troops, and as much as practicable to confer with me before given them. The telegraph will prevent loss of time. Your position at Vicksburg is most important, however it interferes with the supervision of other parts of the department. You are aware, I believe, that I was brought here by the President to assist you. My great object is to do so.

Colonel Marigny reports that Banks brought about 8,000 men to

