
New Orleans from Ship Island, and that ten transports and, I think fourteen gunboats are at Baton Rouge. E. Hiriat, to when you gave permission to trade for Joseph and-, reports the number brought from Ship Island at 3,000-8,000 being left on the island, destined for other service.

A letter forwarded by General Buckner from Mobile gives 35,000 as Bank's force. It seen to me that it would be safest to send troops to Port Hudson from Here. I have informally authorized Major-General Van Dorn to visit his family. You will oblige me by directing Major armstrong to report to Major-General Van Dorn.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

The President has appointed W. H. Jackson brigadier-general. A sister-in law of General Beauregard reported Banks' force at 8,000.

VICKSBURG, January 1, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Jackson, Miss.:

When my telegram was sent I had not received your letter. Will reply by mail; am about leaving for Snyder's Mill. I want to re-enforce Port Hudson.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, January 1, 1863.

General W. W. LORING, Grenada:

Direct all of the Texas regiments of cavalry to march at once to Snyder's Mill, on the Yazoo River. Let the movement be as rapid as possible.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., January 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

General Van Dorn received your dispatch yesterday. He thinks cavalry could not operate at the place you name. You have been three times asked by telegraph if infantry from Grenada would not be better. General Van Dorn says it could get there much sooner. no reply has been received. Please answer.

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

VICKSBURG, January 1, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Jackson:

I considered it necessary to understand your telegram in cipher before answering. Your last did not reach me until 10 p. m. If enemy reaches the hills he cuts off Snyder's Mill. The only force which could operate against his flanks or rear would be mounted Texans, armed and

