
fighting as infantry and cavalry. I have only Wirt Adams' regiment here. i am endeavoring to provide against what I expect-an army vastly outnumbering mine. Unless circumstances compel I do not wish to withdraw more infantry from Grenada. These are my views. With the Texas cavalry I can do. Forrest, Roddey's, and remainder at Grenada I think sufficient for movements north. I am prepared to direct them, with my respecters, at once.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., January 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

The Texas cavalry is ordered. Forrest and Roddey are not in this department. They bayou to General Bragg'

s. I am trying to find them

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Vicksburg, January 1, 1863.

Major-General Smith will send forth with a reliable person across the river to communicate with our army in Arkansas, to ascertain whether there by any movements of our army there connected with ours on this side.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SUBSIST. DEPT., 2nd DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. LA.,Vicksburg, Miss., January 1, 1863.

Major THEO. JOHNSTON,

Commissary of Subsistence, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: In accordance with the order from Lieutenant-General Pemberton I have made an estimate of the stores required for 10,000 men for five months, and find that I am well supplied with (or ample arrangements have been made to get supplies of) everything except the following articles: Bacon, shop, salt, rice, vinegar, coffee, candles, and flour. These articles are much needed, and I have made every effort to procure required amounts, but have not yet succeeded. I will make out and remit to you as soon as possible a statement of the amounts on hand and the amounts wanting to fill the estimate, and I do hope you will try to supply the wants of this post at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B.. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

JACKSON [COLUMBUS], MISS., January 1, 1863.

The inclosed is a report of all the troops as this post, except the Mississippi State troops. Of these there are here the Fifth Regiment, aggregate,

