
by captain Lynch, Johnson, and Bains, was sent to Vicksburg by order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton, dated November 28, 1862, and are now on detached service at that place. Their aggregate when they left this post was 304.

The ordnance officer of this post reports on hand the following: Five hundred friction-primers, 11,000 buck-and-ball cartridges, 7,000 buckshot cartridges, 24,000 musket-ball cartridges, 36,000 musket-capt, 1,000 sporting-caps, and 5 kegs of powder; 97 sabers and belts, 29 shoulder straps, 2 cartridge boxer and belts, 4 bayonet scabbards, 21 haversacks, 28 canteens, and 74 gun-slings.

The arsenal, with all its machinery, works, stores, &amp;c., is being removed from this post by direction of authorities at Richmond. As to the fortifications, defenses, &c., at this post 1 beg leave to report: The city of Columbus is inclosed on the west by the Tombigbee River, on the east and south by the Looxapalila, on the north and west by a chain of breastworks and rifle-pits over 5 miles in length.

On the Looxapalila there are three bridges and four fords, upon all of which I have placed heavy works. The Tombigbee is a natural defense, except at two points, at which there are differences.

There is now is process of construction an entire line of defenses for the northern approaches about 4 miles from the city, running from the Looxapalila across the military and Aberdeen roads to the Tombigbee River. These works are a service of bastions and redoubts, with breastworks to command the ravines. The outer works, commanding the approaches by the Aberdeen and military roads, are constructed on eminences which give an uninterrupted view north and northeast of some 3 or 4 miles, the intervening distance between these roads being about 4 miles.

There is also being constructed on the outer spurs which command the plains in front a series of works which command all approaches roads, ravines, &c. One-fifth of these is already completed. The number of hands that have been employed is between 950 and 960. The number of guns mounted is thirteen, viz: One 32-pounder, one 12-pounder, (siege), nine 6-pounders (field), and two 3-inch rifle (field). The officers engaged in the department are Lieuts. A. B. De Saulles, Topp, Law, and Labor.

For the better understanding of this report, the localities referred to, &c., you are referred to the accompanying map of Columbus and its surroundings. It is respectfully requested that this am be forwarded to general Johnston.

The quartermaster and commissary stores are being remand from this post to Jackson, Miss., by direction of Lieutenant General Pemberton. Their reports, together with the report of the post surgeon are attached hereto.

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

TROOPS AT JACKSON.

There are at this post the following troops, viz: Captain Marsh's company (E), detached from the Fortieth Regiment Alabama Volunteers, serving as a provost-guard with Captain Bolen's company of dismounted cavalry, exchanged prisoners, numbering 20 men, and the Crescent Artillery, exchanged prisoners, Captain T. H. Hutton commanding,

