
out was at the Bayou Des Shay. This was replaced with a single bent trestle of 90 feet length and 25 feet rise, making a substantial bridge; a water-tank was also built at this bridge. Between this point and Big Obion were some four wooden culverts, partially burnt, and one beam-truss bridge, somewhat damaged; the track was also torn up in places, all of which was repaired. At the Big Obion River a Howe's truss of 120 feet span had been burnt. The height of this bridge and the depth of water precluded replacing it speedily with a permanent structure. The track was therefore changed and a temporary bridge on the lower side of the stream was put in. Three large cribs were built, capped with bolsters and heavy stringers, the whole 130 feet long. A new grade was thrown up around the old trestle-work some 600 feet long, thus lowering the bridge some 10 feet, and leaving the old bridge in such shape that a new truss can be built at any time without the detention or delay of trains. This temporary work was put in 15 feet of water, and the cribs are very irregular, but at the same time strong and substantial, and would last a long time if the stream at extra high water did not rise above them. All the work was delayed some ten days for want of proper tools. As soon as they arrived the work was pushed and completed in abut twelve days; and by the time the rolling stock arrived the road-bed for the entire division was covered with weeds, rendering it impassable for a loaded train. These have all been thoroughly cleaned off. The tanks, all except one, were damaged, and in most cases pumps taken away. These have been replaced on every 12 to 15 miles of the road, and the troops are so distributed that every bridge, trestle, and wooden culvert, every station and switch, are guarded; and this portion of the read is in a condition that good machinery will take over it 25 loaded cars with ease.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, July 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I commenced gathering contrabands last Saturday to work on fortifications; they are now at work. On account of the limited force here we are only fortifying south end of city to protect stores and our own troops. Colonel Webster has been too unwell to push this matter, and I have no other engineer. Secessionists here have news from Richmond by the south which makes them jubilant. I would like to hear the truth.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 8, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

McClellan has suffered severe losses, but holds his own. He is being largely re-enforce. Whether troops go from this department is not yet positively determined. You will therefore make no changes in the disposition of troops for the present, unless it may be to assist General Curtis.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

