
which latter company is unorganized is under (temporarily suspended) to report to His Excellency Thomas O. Moore, Governor of Louisiana.

Captain Marsh reports the following ordnance on hand: Fifty-six muskets (2 unserviceable); 6 musket-bayonets, 20 Enfield rifles, 20 Enfield-rifle bayonets, 2,240 rounds musket-cartridges, 2,300 musket-capt, 780 Enfield-rifle caps, 800 Enfield-rifle cartridges, 70 knapsacks, and 70 canteens.

Captain Hutton's and Bolen's companies have been furnished with muskets to use while acting as guards at this post.

DANIEL BUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

JACKSON, MISS., January 2, 1863.

Major-General LORING, Grenada:

Recall the cavalry, if you can, and order all cavalry to get ready to march. The enemy has re-embarked in the Yazoo near Vicksburg.

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

VICKSBURG, January 2, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Jackson:

The pikes and revolvers on special service not for Vicksburg. If permitted I shall immediately direct a strong cavalry force movement toward and in rear of mouth of Coldwater; shall inclosure Texas cavalry Information just received indicates re-embarkation of enemy from my front. Shall, however, wait certainty of such movement.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., January 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

Make the cavalry movement. W. H. Jackson is brigadier-general. I telegraphed by Major-General Loring to get the troops in readiness and desire Major Waddy to turn back the Texans.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

VICKSBURG, January 2, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSON, Jackson:

Before receiving your letters I had countermanded orders to Texas cavalry; also directed Lieutenant-Colonel Waddy not to send forward any more troops until further orders. A brigade at lest should go, I think, to Port Hudson; if you prefer, one Stevenson's from Jackson; also a good field battery with rifle guns in it. The fleet may bombard us to-morrow, but if all is quiet I shell probably go to Jackson.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

