HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN FRONT,Chickasaw Bluffs, Miss., January 2, 1863.

Colonel J. H. MORRISON, Aide-de-Camp.

COLONEL: To retain the organization of brigades, throughtly occupy our lines, and give relief to the men in the trenches, I respectfully ask authority to make the following assignment of the troops under my command:

Right-Major General Maury commanding right, including Snyder's Bluff. Force-Maury's division, Lee's and Vaughn's brigade.

Center-Brigadier-General Barton commanding: Barton's and Taylor's brigades.

Left-Brigadier-General Tracy commanding: Tracy's and Gregg's brigades.

Reserve for inner works-Colonel A. W. Reynolds' brigade.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L.. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

7.30 A. M. -All quiet in our immediate front. No apparent charge since yesterday.

VICKSBURG, January 2, 1863-7.10 a. m.

General TRACY:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move immediately to the front with all the troops of your command and report to Major-General Stevenson, commanding forces in front. The utmost dispatch is requisite. You may be needed now. Inform all commanding officers of regiments that arrived yesterday and last night and who are encamped vicinity to move immediately with you and report to General Stevenson.

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.

ON THE RIGHT, January 2, 1863.

Colonel MORRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I am satisfied that the enemy have left our front. Most of them have re-embarked, and the transport are moving down the river. Have sent forces to fell to them. Will watch the movements of the transport and report from time to time.

Respectfully,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, January 2, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Chief of Cavalry, Grenada, Miss.:

The enemy is represented on Yazoo Pass, opposite to Colonel Alcourn's. His strength is supposed to be about 3,000, with artillery. I wish you to take all the cavalry (leaving only a sufficiency to do picket and scouting duty in front of Grenada), move to the rear of the enemy, drive him from his position, capture his artillery, and do him all the

