
Bragg reports the enemy has yielded this strong point and is falling back. We shell follow him. General Wheeler, with his cavalry, is behind him. If you have heard from Major-General Gardener it would be well to do so before sending troops. I am told that he is confident, with well to do so before sending troops. I am told that he is confident, with his present force. I had rather keep Stevenson's troops together as they belong to the department.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

JACKSON, January 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

General Loring telegraphs that two scouts report that 10,000 enemy have gone to Memphis. Prisoners say that a part of Grant's army is going to Corinth. About 7,000 at Tobytubby Ferry, on the Tallahatchie.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

JACKSON, January 2, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT: General Pemberton continues to command at Vicksburg; he has asked for all the troops here, after being re-enforced by Maury's division, in addition to these brigades agreed upon between us. The line of 12 miles to Snyder's Mill probably requires them all; I fear difficulty of subsisting them, however. A report just handed in by the inspecting officers shows that the supply of provision is much smaller than General Pemberton supposed. The place may be reduced I fear in consequence of this; or should it be invested we shall not have a sufficient force to break the investment.

Grant is still on the Tallachatchie, so that the remainder of Loring's and Price's troops cannot be withdrawn from Grenada. From his halting I suppose he is repairing the railroad. The force at Grenada (about 11,000 effective) is too weak to do more than delay the passage of the river by the enemy. My hope of keeping him back is in Van Dorn under when I propose to unite all the available cavalry when Forrest and Roddey can be found.

Should Grant join Sherman at Vicksburg it would be very embarrassing; for as he could reach the place from Memphis as soon as we could learn whether he was embarking or moving along the railroad to Grenada it could invested by the combined armies. We could not break the investment with 11,000 men, but it would be necessary to try.

The necessity of holding the Yazoo as well as Vicksburg employs a large force too widely distributed to be in condition for the offensive.

We have no news from Arkansas, which proves I think hat we are to get no help from that side of the Mississippi. The Legislature has done nothing yet.

We require about 20,000 men, the number you have asked for from Arkansas, to make headway against both Grant and Sherman. Will the great victory at Fredericksburg enable General Lee to spare a part of his force?

Should the enemy's forces be respectably handled the task you have set me will be above my ability. But hand of Almighty God has delivered us in times of as great danger. Believing that He is with us I will not lose hope.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

