
JACKSON, January 5, 1863.

major-General LORING, Grenada, Miss.:

Return of enemy's force from mount of Coldwater the movement of cavalry heretofore orders unnecessary. You will direct Brigadier-General Jackson to follow up the rear of the enemy immediately, harass him in his retreat, and cut off his wagon train and supplies as far as possible.

By ordered of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, January 5, 1863.

General GREGG, Vicksburg:

In descending the river with your brigade do so with great care. If you learn that the enemy's gunboats can prevent you from landing at Port Hudson you will land your command at Bayou Sara and march by land to Port Hudson. You will take measures before reaching Port Hudson to find out the position of their gunboats by sending a boat light in advance of you or by other communication with General Grandner.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, January 6, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

Please have a messenger sent across the river to learn if there are any movements from Arkansas connected with ours.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

JACKSON, January 6, 1863.

The PRESIDENT, Richmond:

Your dispatch of yesterday received.* Enemy's troops transports reported gone up the river from Milliken's Bend. We hear of no movements in this direction by General Holmes.

Grant's forces are report distributed at Memphis, Holly Springs, and Corinth. The country said to be impracticable. General Bragg reports he has been checked. I hear indirectly that he has withdrawn from Murfreesborough. Should he need help, and appear no danger in Mississippi except by the river, could E. K. Smith's men return?

The impossibility of my knowing condition of things in Tennessee shows that I cannot direct both parts of my command at once. I am hoping to hear from General Bragg.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. LA., Numbers1. Jackson, Miss., January 6, 1863.

I. Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 24, detached December 22, 1862

from these headquarters, reading as follows-

In conformity with Special Orders, No 62, Headquarters Department of Mississippi and East louisiana, December 20, 1862, all Louisiana State troops now serving in the

---------------

* Not found

---------------

