
prevent the enemy from landing that distance from the city, as the country above Warrenton for a short distance and below is for many miles affords easy landings. A single battery at any one point would therefore be of no effect.

I shall not commence the work directed on yesterday until I receive further instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding.

The left of our line of decidedly the weak point, and I respectfully suggest that work be thrown up there as rapidly as possible that the entrenchments to surround the city be completed on the left, and a suitable line selected in advanced of them for rifle-pits from to meet the enemy, should they land below. Will you please instruct General Smith to give his attention at once to that part of the line. As many negroes as can be obtained should be kept constantly at work.

If it is intended to hold Vicksburg to the last extremity I respectfully ask to be permitted to prepare for any emergency by collecting forage for animals and packing beef for subsistence. This cannot be done in a few days, and I apprehend that the quartermaster and subsistence department are moving too slowly therein. Please give me authority to purchase and boat corn on the Yazoo to Snyder's Bluff, to be transported therefrom by our wagon trains, and to purchase self and pack beef for sixty day's rations for this command.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, MISS., January 9, 1863.

Major THEO. JOHNSTON,

Chief of Subsistence, Jackson:

DEAR SIR: I inclose statement of stores on hand by the post commissary. Besides these we have in the Government warehouse at the machine-shop about 160,000 rations salt, 589,000 rations corn, 3,500,000 rations pease, 38,000 rations flour, 20 sacks of coffee, 17 boxes of wine besides a considerable quantity of corn in slip-shuck and on the ear, of which I have not the means of ascertaining the exact amount, as it is on the leave.

Very respectfully,

T. B. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

JACKSON, January 10, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Port Hudson, La.:

Scout report that ninety boats have passed the mount of White River going up the Mississippi, on the 6th and 7th. Some of them stop along the way, apparently to bury the dead.

Many negroes and other property taken and destroyed. Stragglers report the treason and rebellion are rife among the troops, and that the attack upon Vicksburg failed Grant and Banks neglected to discharge the duties assigned them.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

