
JACKSON, January 13, 1863.

major-General VAN DORN, Grenada:

I need Adams' regiment. Leave about 800 effective for picket duty.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, January 13, 1863.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, Grenada:

Am sorry, but cannot spare Wirt Adams from his present service; have no other cavalry to supply his place. Bledsoe's horses and men are in Vicksburg. When do you except to leave?

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, January 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS SHIELDS, Tangipahoa:

COLONEL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Pemberton to say to you that for the present he can make no change in the position of troops. As soon, however, as the interest of the service will admit of it, changes will be made to meet the emergency.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, January 13, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: On arriving at Columbus IU found that Lieutenant Topp, of the Engineer Corps, and Major Hewlett, of the cavalry, had within a few days past made the trip over country between that point and Decatur. I concluded not to make the journey overland, but to send you their reports, with tracings of the route, which Mr. Topp was kind enough to furnish.

The commissary at Columbus, Major Guy, has quite a good supply of provisions on hand, and with two or three days' notice can readily collected whatever supplies may be necessary to sustain an army in its march over the country. The same may be said of Major Anderson, the quartermaster, who informs me that two or three days' notice he can readily establish depots on the line of travel for foraging the animals. I am now on my way to Decatur to see what facilities can be had for crossing the river, and have been laid over here to-day by missing the connection.

I sent you this afternoon by express a whole venous and a can of very fine oysters. I telegraphed Barbour to look out them, and told him to take a portion of the venison for his mess. I expect to be able to reach Jackson Saturday.

Very faithfully,

A. D. BANKS.

