
COMO, MISS., January 16, 1863 [1864]*.

Major-General FORREST, Panola:

Henderson's scouts from Memphis report Sixteenth Army Corps under marching orders to drive you from North Mississippi. Rumored they will start from Memphis, La Grange, Corinth, ad Yazoo City simultaneously.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 3. Grenada, January 16, 1863.

The following named commands of cavalry are detailed for duty with the Army of the Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, and will at once report to the commanding officer of that army, viz: Jackson's (Tennessee) cavalry, Second Regiment Arkansas Cavalry, Willis' battalion cavalry, Wilbourn's cavalry, Falkner's cavalry, and two companies of Second Missouri Cavalry, now serving in Second Corps. All the cavalry serving in this corps report without delay to Brigadier General W. H. Jackson at Grenada, Miss.

By ordered of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., January 17, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT, Richmond:

I have four brigades of cavalry and but one brigadier-general; senior colonels incompetent. An important expedition about to move under General Van Dorn. Do give me by telegraph Armstrong Cosby, and R. A. Horward for brigadier-generals. They are strongly recommended by Major-Generals Van Dorn and Bucker, and are, I am confident fully complement.

General Bucker requires a brigader-general of cavalry.

J. E. JOHNSTON

JACKSON MISS., January 17, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT, Richmond:

I am preparing to send about 6,000 cavalry under Van Dorn to Bragg's aid to operate upon the enemy's communications. I think it of great importance. These brigades will be under utterly incompetent commanders unless you appoint brigadier-generals.

When Martin arrives one of the four can take command of Bucker's cavalry-a large brigade.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

General BRAGG, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

Colonel Barteau, at Okolona, telegraphs to-day:

A scout, who is reliable, just the vicinity of Corinth, reports enemy there 5,000 on fall rations. A regiments this side. All roads obstructed and brigades guarded.

Two prisoners taken day before yesterday say they are in great want.

J. E. JOHNSTON

---------------

*Misplaced.

---------------

