
GRENADA, January 17, 1863.

Colonel J. R. WADDY:

Scout Bonner, now at Lamar, reports on the 11th that they are ruining the railroad from memphis to the Junction, making no use of it to Corinth. Reliable accounts say that troops of Grant are in Memphis, along the Charleston road, at La Grange, and at and near Hollyt Springs. One division reported gone to Jackson. Steamers are being stopped at memphis to take troops below. Sent scout to Corinth; except several from there to-day.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

JACKSON, MISS., January 17, 1863.

General W. W. LORING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Grenada:

Send the Texas bridge to La Fayette, if the horses are shod; if not, send another brigade of cavalry under the general control of General Jackson. The brigade will scour the country of La Fayette by company or squadron as circumstances may require; this on the supposition that the reports are correct and not exaggerated. Occupy Coffeeville with an infantry brigade and one of the lightest field batteries you have. Let them take a full supply of axes. The cavalry will held itself in readiness to join Van Dorn when he moves. The infantry brigade will remain at Coffeeville while you are collecting supplies to send to the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, January 17, 1863.

Captain W. M. JONES, Assistant Quartermaster:

DEAR SIR: I have large quantities of corn, mostly in the shuck, lying on the banks of the river at Ship's Bayou, Ashowood, Upton's Landing, Gibson's Landing, King's Landing, Saint Joseph, and Waterproof. All of this enough to load four steamboats-is liable to damage from exposure to the weather, and should be brought away to this point as soon as possible. Pleas furnish transportation for it.

Respectfully,

W. H. JOHNSON,

Special Government Agent.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond Va., January 18, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

General commanding, &c.:

SIR: The President, since his return from his recent visit to the armies south, has communicated to me the apprehension entertained by you that recent contracts made by this Department with certain parties, expecting to fulfill them by supplies illicit drawn from with the Federal lines, had caused already some and tended to produce much unlawful trading with the enemy and a consequent demoralization of the people of your department. I feel it, therefore, due to inform you of the motives inducing such contracts and the view entertained by

