
JACKSON, MISS., January 18, 1863.

major-General LORING, Grenada, Miss.:

Send cavalry to La Fayette Country as you first intended, unless later information renders it in you opinion unnecessary. Send infantry brigade as heretofore directed.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, January 18, 1863.

Major-General, Grenada, Miss.:

It is desirable to brig your corps west of the Beton Bayou, unless the bridge across it can be at once made serviceable and kept so. Send one strong regiment of infantry and a battery of four to Vaiden from Rust's division; a squadron of cavalry to Greensborough. Send the brigade and field battery to Coffeeville, and as soon as practicable a brigade and field battery to Panola. Let me hear from you at once.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., January 18, 1863.

Colonel ChARLES M. FAUNTLEROY,

Inspector-General, Jackson, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my inspection of the Army of Mississippi, stationed at and near Grenada, Miss.:

In consequence of the weather and the height water generally I was induce to put off an inspection of the troops; but from conversations with corps and division commanders and an inspection of their papers I am enabled to give a tolerable account of the condition to the army. With regard to the department I gave them a minute examination and find condition as follows, viz:

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.

This department is under the charge of Major E. A. Banks, who appears to be an active, and business-like man. The department has evidently been in a state of great chaos and confusion, but it is now being administered in a systematic manner under its present head.

Major George A. Turner is quartermaster at the post, having just been assigned to this duty. He has three assistants, all active and apparently efficient officers.

Major Banks has also established agencies at Coffeeville, Vaiden, Oakland, and other depots on the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad. Officers of judgment have been selected for these points with instructions to thrown out all their agents in the country adjacent and commence at once the purchase and collection of commissary and other stores at convenient points accessible to the Central road, in order that they may be shipped to Grenada.

The disbursements of money for this army are, I am informed, always

