
well arranged and the officer Major Fickland properly assigned. The difficulty of procuring supplies is great in a country abounding in but few of the articles needed to subsist an army. Agents are selected and sent through the country, and by their energy and industry they have thus far been enabled to meet the necessary current supply.

There is here storage for the light articles sufficient to secure rations of forty days for an army of 25,000 troops, and two large Government pork-houses, capable, if floored, of containing a large amount of more bulky articles.

The commissaries are generally bonded, and have rendered their papers up to date.

I counted the moneys of all at the post-some seven or eight in number; looked into their counts; found them all right. Candles, coffee, and soap are much needed. Major Fickland reports that at the suggestion of General Johnston an application was made by him to Major Mason, assistant adjutant-general, for the stores at Gainesville, Ala., in charge of Major F. F. Jackson, assistant commissary of subsistence.

Nothing has ever been heard of this application, and he begs to refer it again to the consideration of the general commanding.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT.

This department is under the charge of Captain L. R. Evans, an intelligent young officer, under whose direction system and order in this branch of the army seem to have been well established.

The total number of field guns in this army is fifty-six, as follows:

One James rifled gun, caliber 3.70 inches; one Parrott rifled gun, caliber, 3.67 inches; nine Parrott rifled guns, caliber 3 inches; two 24-pounder howitzers (bronze), sixteen 12-pounder howitzers (bronze), two pounder howitzers (bronze), sixteen 12-pounder howitzers (bronze), two 12-pounder guns (bronze), twenty-five 6-pounder guns (bronze).

Thrty of the above-named guns are in the First Army Corps; twenty-six in the Second. The gun designated as Parrott rifled, caliber 3,67 inches, is of Yanke origin. It was captured in the outer entrenchments before Corinth on the 3rd October, 1862, by the brigades of Brigadier-General Rust and Bowen. Its caliber has been named above. Its weight is 1,695 pounds. The gun with its carriage is in perfect condition. A caisson and harness have been recently procured to transport it. All the guns are reported in serviceable condition, a limited amount of implements and equipments being required. The supply of ammunition is ample for the guns of smooth-bore, consisting of over 200 rounds for each piece. The small-arms, all of which are in the bands of the troops,number 11,438; bayonets for same, 5,854. You will observe the great deficiency in bayonets. There is also a limited deficiency in the various commands occasioned by the recent arrival of troops and return of convalescents. The arms in use are of various calibers, embracing the Mississippi rifle, caliber .54; Enfield, caliber .57; Minie, caliber.58; the musket, caliber.69, and the Belgian rifle and British musket, caliber.70.

Of wagons for the composition of ordnance trains there are 26 in the Second Corps, 21 in the Second Division, First Corps, and 2 in the First Division, First Corps.

It is designed to keep all reserved ordnance stores for this army at Duck Hill, 12 miles south of Grenada, on the railroad, where a depot has been established. At that point and at Grenada there are now on hand 5,200 rounds fixed cannon ammunition, 430,000 cartridges for

