SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. LA.,Columbus, Miss., January 19, 1863.

I. Brigadier-General Harris, commanding State troops, will remove his brigade, consisting of Fifth Regiments and Third Battalion, from its present encampment to a suitable position about 1 1\2 miles north of this post, on the Aberdeen road, where they will be temporarily encamped. He will maintain strict discipline and establish a thought police system.

II. The Thirteenth Battalion Alabama Partisan Rangers, commanded by maj. W. A. Hewlatt, will remove from its present encampment with-out delay to a suitable position about 1 1\2 miles in advance of Mrs. Cox's plantation, on the Aberdeen road, from which point Major Hewlett will picket 10 miles in advance on all avenues of approach, and scout to a distance of 20 miles at least beyond the most advance picket; all pickets and scouting parties to be under the direction of commissioned officers.

* * * *

By brigadier-General Ruggles:

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 19. January 19, 1863.

* * * *

VII. Agreeably to instructions from the secretary of War, Brigadier gen. W. S. Featherson is relieved from duty with this army and will proceed to Jackson, Miss., and report for duty to general J. E. Johnston, commanding Army of the West or, should he be absent, to Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton, commanding in Mississippi.

* * * *

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Organization of the Cavalry Corps, Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, Major General Earl Van Dorn commanding, January 20, 1863.*

FIRST DIVISION.

Brigadier General W. H. Jackson.

First Brigade. Second Brigade.

1st Mississippi. 3rd Arkansas.

4th Mississippi. Ballentine's Mississippi 28th Mississippi. regiment.

Balch's Tennessee battalion. 2nd Missouri.

1st Tennessee.

---------------

* at announced in General Order, No 3,, headquarters cavalry corps, Grenada, Miss., of this date.

---------------

