
SECOND DIVISION.

Third Brigade.* Rourth Brigade.

3rd Texas. Colonel Roddey's command.

6th Texas.

9th Texas.

Whitfield's Texas Legion.

RESERVE AT GENERAL HEADQUARTERS.

Baxter's scouts.

Sander's battalion.

Company of regulars.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 33. Vicksburg, February 1, 1863.

I a count of infantry having assembled at Grenada, Miss., pursuant to Special Orders, No 21, current series, Headquarters Army of Mississippi, for the purpose of investigating the circumstances attending the burning of tents in General Tilghman's division at the time of the retreat of the Army Abbeville, Miss., &amp;c., and having found as follows-

That there was not sufficient transportation belonging to brigade-General Tilghman's division to haul said tents, that they were burned and destroyed in compliance with and in obedience to an order issued by Lieutenant-General Pemberton, dated "Headquarters Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, Abbeville, Miss., November 30, 1862;" and those that were destroyed on the march in compliance with and in obtained to a verbal order issued by major-general Lovell to brigade-General Tilghman to throw out sufficient tents, at they were wet and heavy, to enable the wagons to pass over the bad roads and keep up with the train; and in the opinion of the court Brigadier General L. Tilghman is fully exonerated from all censure is relation to the burning and destroying of said tents, and we recommend that no further proceeding be had in relation thereto against him-

the decision of the lieutenant-general commanding the department is as follows:

That the order dated "Headquarters Department Mississippi and East Louisiana, Abbeville, Miss., November 30, 1862," required the stores could not be transported to be destroyed, and it does not cavalry appear to him that the transportation of the stores was impracticable, and their destruction consequently necessary.

II. The court of inquiry appointed by Special Orders, Numbers 21, Headquarters Army Mississippi,:for purpose of investigation the circumstances attending the burning of tents in General Tilghman's division," is hereby dissolved.

By ordnance of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Temporarily attached to First Division.

+ Regiments not indicated on the order.

---------------

