
think by displacing leaders they can produce results. This is natural, but, I fear, will do no real good. I hope the people of Kentucky have had enough of secesh rule to judge which is best, the old government of laws or the orders of irresponsible captains and colonels.

In discussing the arbitrary acts of our enemies and selves, I have frequently asserted that the Southern military leaders were the first to take the slaves of loyal masters and wagons and horses of our people. It was so represented to me in Kentucky that long before we permitted a slave to come into our military camps, the secession leaders pressed slaves to work on the forts at Columbus and Bowling Green, and that in many instance loyal masters did not get their slaves back. Also that Buckner, Jonston (Albert Sidney), Polk, and Pillow all helped themselves to wagons and horses, corn, wheat, &amp;c., of farmers, without asking their consent. Am I not right in this? My opinion is that the adherents of the Southern cause have instituted principles of warfare that, when applied to themselves, will be destructive of material interests, and that if we retaliate they are estopped by their own practice.

Always with respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, November 6, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Brooks has gone to Helena, an thence, I suppose, to the interior. Of course, I do not suppose Joe Johnston to be in Arkansas; Holmes commands there. I can, and will, send a man to White River and Little Rock, and advise you of any authentic facts. I have pretty good evidence that a part of the rebel army, formerly in Arkansas, has been sent down to Vicksburg, and thence a part has come to Holly Springs and balance gone to Port Hudson, Miss.

I also have reason to believe that a movement of our forces has been made from New Orleans to Bayou Manchac, mouth of Pontchar- trains, but what for, or what its destination, I cannot make out. To counteract it, the rebels are assembling a force at Port Hudson; also they design to fortify the mouth of Yazoo River. This will seriously interfere with a movement on Vicksburg. I do really think that your forces under Schofield and Steele could reach Fort Smith and Little Rock without serious opposition. If, them, Rosecrans' army should regain the latitude of Huntsville, the expedition down the Mississippi could easily go down.

I have here only my on division, but think my defenses are good against any force that can he brought against us. The force of the enemy at Holly Springs must be about 30,000, with a large proportion of cavalry. Of course, the secessionists continue to talk of taking Memphis, but their time has passed.

I do not understand you want me to supply affidavits that Uriel Wright, Senator [Trusten] Polk, [D. M.] Frost, Brown, [Bowen(?)] and others, of Missouri, are at Holly Springs. I can do it, if you cannot make proof there. It would be profitable if you could get the courts to accept other evidence, which you can procure on the spot.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

