
railroads there have destroyed its importance to them as a point, but Memphis, if recovered, would be a magnificent stroke, and in my opinion they will attempt it. I am told that General Curtis is in imminent danger. These interior operations give our enemy great advantages in their knowledge of country and possession of the hearty co-operation of the people.

I will keep my troops as healthy as possible in this warm and dusty weather, and try and fulfill any plan that you or General Halleck may lay down. We should not be idle these moonlight nights, especially if we detect the enemy in motion.

I am, with great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General QUINBY,

Columbus:

Assistant Secretary Tucker will attend to the purchase of locomotives and cars East. You will purchase in the West if you can.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 86. July 8, 1862.

I. The reasons for continuing the organization prescribed in General Orders, Number 51, May 29, 1862, no longer exist. The organization by wings is therefore abolished.

II. It has been brought to the attention of the general commanding that a practice exists in this army of dividing brigades into demi-brigades, the chiefs of which have staffs and headquarters records independent of those of the regiments composing them. This practice, foreign to our legal organization, and attended with many inconveniences, is prohibited from this date.

III. Division and brigade commanders will cause their respective commands and official papers to conform to this order.

IV. The organization of the army will be as follows:

First Division, Brigadier General E. A. Paine.

Second Division, Brigadier General D. S. Stanley.

Third Division, late First Division, left wing, Brigadier-General Hamilton.

Fourth Division, late Second Division, left wing, Brigadier General J. C. Davis.

Fifth Division, late Reserve, Brigadier-General Asboth.

Cavalry division, Brigadier General G. Granger.

V. Division commanders will report at these headquarters at 9 o'clock a.m., when practicable.

VI. The organization of the several divisions into brigades will remain as herefore ordered.

VII. First Lieutenant Wiles is appointed provost-marshal for this army.

VIII. Captain L. S. Metcalfe, assistant quartermaster, is assigned to duty as receiving and issuing quartermaster, and will report to Captain J. W. Taylor, chief quartermaster, for orders.

By order of General Rosecrans:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

