
impossible, for their deprivation of the usual necessities of families is felt all over the country, and they are getting tired of the burning of their cotton and the consumption of their corn, potatoes, cattle, &amp;c.

My fort here is well constructed, and I have twenty-eight heavy guns well mounted, besides nine good field batteries; but, as I will soon take the field, I will leave the heavy guns-24-pounders, 32-pounders, and 8-inch columbiads-with a garrison to hold it. I expect to have here some twenty-four regiments of infantry, three or four of cavalry, and about ten batteries of field guns. In going, I would probably leave five regiments of infantry and one field battery.

I hope you are in correspondence with General Grant, and that you will be able to be at the Yazoo by the time he approaches Grenada. Of course, we must expect heavy blows before we can reach Jackson and appear behind Vicksburg. The Helena affairs are doubtless well reported to you. I will in a day or two give you the names of the boats in the Yazoo, with a sketch of their positions. We could easily reach them by a march across from the main river, but I suppose the destruction of this fleet is reserved to you.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, November 12, 1862-11 p. m.

Honorable JUDGE SWAYNE, Memphis:

SIR: You exposed yourself hurt this morning at the severe terms in which I indulged in commenting on the charge you made the grand jury. It is now late at night, and I am worn out with writing purely official matter, and now, hastily and candidly, wish to convey to you my serious thoughts.

I concede to you the highest order of personal character, talents, and education, and will not pretend to argue with you constitutional or legal questions. I have repeatedly asserted, and now repeat my belief, that you are honest in your opinions and practice, but must say that, in my judgment, you are unintentionally drifting your country and people to ruin, misery, and death. In the first place, I regret that, in preparing your opinion or charge to the jury, the main part was omitted and only that part published to the world which treats of the sworn duty of the grand jury to find bills under the enumerated laws of Tennessee touching slaves, utterly ignoring the laws of Congress and the state of war.

Thus take the statutes you quote, Nos. 26, 58, 59, 60, 61, 63, 64, 82, &c. How can any one of them be executed here without an absolute relinquishment of all that has been done in this war? Will the United States stultify herself by allowing a criminal court of a county to nullify the acts of the Congress and of armies raised at the expense of the blood and treasure of the nation? What is the law of Congress on this point?

ACT Numbers 160.-AN ACT to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes.

* * * * * * *

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That all slaves of persons who shall, after proclamation giving sixty days' notice, be engaged in rebellion against the Government of the United States, or who shall in any way give aid or comfort thereto, escaping from such persons and taking refuge within the lines of the army, and all slaves captured from

