
the amount of bad money with which your community is already sufficiency afflicted.

The issuing of bills of credit by way of money is, in my judgment, in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States, and I think Congress at the last session passed a bill probiliting all issues below $1, and provided a species of currency called the "post-office currency," which will soon gradually supplant the worthless trash which now is a disgrace to the name of money. As soon as possible, enough of this post-office money will come here and suffice for the wants of the people.

Inasmuch as we seem to be imitating the example of Mexico, rather than those high models of ancient and modern times that we were wont to do in times past, I would suggest a simpler and better currency for the times. In Mexico soap in money, and the people do their marketing through the medium of cakes of soap.

Why can you not use cotton for money? It has a very convenient price-50 cents a pound. Put it up in pounds and fractions and it will form a far better currency than the miserable shinplasters you propose to issue. If cotton is king, it has the genuine stamp and makes money, is money; therefore I suggest that, instead of little bits of paper, you set to work and put up cotton in little parcels of 5, 10, 25, and 50 cents.

If it be my last act, I wish to spare the people of Memphis from the curse of any more bad money.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, November 25, 1862.

General STEELE,

Commanding United States Forces, Helena.:

DEAR SIR: Yours of yesterday is before me. I wish I had met you going down, but somehow we passed each other. The mode of attacking and threatening the flank of the enemy, detailed by you, is excellent; nothing better. I march to-morrow with my whole force toward Chulahoma, about 20 miles southwest of Holly Springs. Grant will at same time be at Lumpkin's Mills, south of Holly Springs. If Hovey can reach the river, near Charleston, about Sunday or Monday, the effect will be good. If the cavalry force can break that road good, anywhere between Coffeeville or Grenada, the enemy is forced to fight or retreat eastward. I know that General Hovey's heart is in it, and that he will succeed; nothing but heavy rains can prevent full success. I will send your letter to General Grant.

My news from the enemy places them at Tallachatchie, near Abbeville, fortifying all the crossing places.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Memphis, December 15, 1862.

General GORMAN, Helen:

DEAR SIR: Captain McCoy arrived this morning with your letter of the 13th, and I thank you truly for the interest you manifest in the proposed expedition down the river. As usual, we have all overesti-

