
evening of the 26th, when the messenger he had sent returned with verbal orders, confirming the previous ones, and urging immediate compliance. The major did not even yet feel warranted, from his knowledge of the circumstances, to obey. There was no attack threatened, and had there been, he felt confidence in his ability to successfully resist it. But the orders were so peremptory, he directed a portion of the dismounted guns to be spiked. Those in position he allowed to remain untouched, together with the ammunition.

On the morning of the 27th, Captain Julius Lovell, assistant adjutant-general on General Davies' staff, brought still further orders, and under circumstances that they could not be disobeyed. The guns in battery were consequently dismounted and spiked, and a portion of the ammunition, about 600 rounds, destroyed. The gun carriages were not burned, and 300 rounds of powder wee preserved.

The written orders I have alluded to are in possession of Major R. B. Jones, Thirty-fourth Indiana Infantry, who was relieved from command a short time since, with orders, after a fifteen days' leave of absence, to report to his regiment.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. MONTGOMERY,

First Lieutenant Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry, Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Island, Numbers 10, December 25, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding District of Columbus:

SIR: This morning I received a dispatch from you at the hands of one G. R. Heubach, directing me to-

Destroy all the ammunition; burn all the wood-work belonging to guns; spike them all. Be quick.

The dispatch comes in such a questionable shape I very much doubt its genuineness, and am at a loss how to act. We are well fortified here, and I think can resist any attack. In this state of affairs, I do not feel authorized to destroy any Government property unless I am convinced beyond a doubt it is by your order. Heubach came down from Columbus in a skiff, according to his story, and brought with him a number of spikes, to be used on our guns. We shall hail all boats coming from above, and prevent their landing until they send out a yawl to assure us it is all right. Will you inform me at once what further actions I shall take?

R. B. JONES,

Major Thirty-fourth Indiana, Commanding at Island Numbers 10.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF COLUMBUS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Columbus, Ky., Department 25, 1862.

Major JONES, Commanding at Island Numbers 10.:

The order I sent you last evening to "destroy ammunition, and burn gun-carriages, and spike," I hope you have carried out. Send up by the O'Brien 500 rounds of canister; 8-inch if you have it. The object I have in view is so to cripple the armament there that it will not be available to the enemy as a point of defense in case they should capture

56 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

