
Specification 2d.-In this, that said Thomas W. Knox did, knowingly and willfully, disobey and directly violate General Orders, Numbers 67, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, August 26, 1861, by writing, printing, or causing to be printed in the New York Herald, under date of January 18, 1863, correspondence and communication respecting operations of the army or military movements of the army near Vicksburg, Miss., without the authority and sanction of the general in command.

To all of which charges and specifications, expect the second specification to second charge, which as, on motion of the prisoner, stricken out by the court, the prisoner pleaded as follows:

To 1dt specification of 1ST CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To 2nd specification of 1ST CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To 1ST CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To 1st specification of 2nd CHARGE, "No guilty."

To 2nd CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To 1st specification of 3rd CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To 2nd specification of 3rd CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To 3rd CHARGE, "Not guilty."

The court, after mature deliberation upon the testimony adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of 1st specification of 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty, except the words, 'thereby conveying to the enemy an approximate estimate of its strength, in direct violation of the Fifty-seventh Article of War."

Of the 2nd specification of 1ST CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of the 1ST CHARGE, "Not guilty."

Of 1st specification of 2nd CHARGE, "Not guilty."

Of 2nd CHARGE, "Not guilty."

Of 1st specification of 3rd CHARGE, the court finds the facts proven, but attached no criminality thereto.

Of the 2nd specification of 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

Of 3rd CHARGE, "Guilty."

And the court does therefore sentence him, Thomas W. Knox, to be sent without the line of the army, and not to return under penalty of imprisonment.

Findings and sentence approved, and will be carried into effect.

The general court-martial, of which Brigadier General J. M. Thayer is president, is hereby dissolved.

By order off Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Vicksburg, February 23, 1863.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: General Orders, Numbers 13, from your headquarters, of date February 19, 1863, involves certain principles that I think should be settled by the highest authority of our Government, and I beg most respectfully their reference, through the Judge Advocate-General, to the Commander-in-chief.

The findings on the third charge, first specification, are, "the facts

