
Your favor in the matter will be duly appreciated by the journal I represent, as well as by-

Respectfully, yours,

THOS. W. KNOX,

Correspondent New York Herald.

[P. S.]-An answer addressed on board this boat will reach me.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, March 20, 1863.

Whom it may concern:

Whereas it appears to my satisfaction that Thomas W. Knox, a correspondent of the New York Herald, has been, by the sentence o a court-martial, excluded from the military department under command of Major-General Grant, and also that General Thayer, president of the court-martial which rendered the sentence, and Major-General McClernand, in command of a corps of that department, and many other respectable persons, are of opinion that Mr. Knox's offense was technical rather than willfully wrong, and that the sentence should be revoked; now, therefore, said sentence is hereby so far revoked as to allow Mr. Knox to return to General Grant's headquarters, and to remain if General Grant shall give his express asset, and to again leave the department if General Grant shall refuse such assent.

A. LINCOLN.

BEFORE VICKSBURG, April 6, 1863.

THOMAS W. KNOX,

Correspondent New York Herald:

The letter of the President of the United States authorizing to return to these headquarters, and to remain with my consent, or leave if such consent is withheld, has been shown me.

You came here first in position violation of an order from General Sherman. Because you were not pleased with his treatment of army followers, who had violated his order, you attempted to break down his influence with his command, and to blast his reputation with the public. You made insinuations against his sanity, and said many things which were untrue, and, so far as your letter had influence, calculated to affect the public service unfavorably.

General Sherman is one of the ablest soldier and purest men in the country. You have attacked him and been sentenced to expulsion from this department for the offense. Whilst I would conform to the slightest wish of the President, where it is formed upon a fair representation of both sides of any question, my respect for General Sherman is such that in this case I must decline, unless General Sherman first gives his consent to your remaining.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp before Vicksburg, April 7, 1863.

THOMAS W. KNOX, Esq.,

Correspondence New York Herald, Steamer Continental:

SIR: Yours of April 6, inclosing a copy of President Lincoln's informal decision in your case, is received.

