
offend his neighbor-and fear lest the continue in the exercise of the same glorious privilege to maintain his right to personal freedom by burning his house with all its contents.

All I propose to say is that Mr. Lincoln and the press may, in the exercise of their glorious prerogative, tear our country and armies to tatters; but they shall not insult me with impunity in my own camp.

With respect, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

RICHMOND, June 19, 1862.

(Received Tupelo, June 19.)

General BRAGG:

I am disappointed at the failure to execute my order, and fear the loss of time which has occurred may produce irreparable injury. Send General Van Dorn, with all possible dispatch, to assume command of the Department of South Mississippi and East Louisiana. He will be regarded as temporarily detached his division.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MERIDIAN, July 25, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

Your dispatch received. Congratulate you and your command. All is well in our front. We are moving rapidly-a change of base. Act in conjunction with Price, who remains. You have the fullest confidence of all.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

JACKSON, MISS., August 25, 1862.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch * from General Bragg explains itself. You will not have time to reach him. Organize your division as soon as possible, and let us push on with Price. A brilliant field is before us yet. Let us start as soon as possible. Set your officers to work. We have transportation sufficient and everything necessary. I go to Vicksburg for a few days. Give any order in my absence you may deem necessary. I have directed my staff officers to observe them.

Yours, truly,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, August 25, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

Move as soon as practicable. Buell is falling back. Is now in Nashville. Price reports movement from Corinth to re-enforce Buell. Destroy them as they cross the river. Kirby Smith is in Kentucky, moving on Lexington. We move in a few days to sustain him or fight Buell if he stands. Morgan (Yankee) closed in at Cumberland Gap and cut off from supplies.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

---------------

*See Bragg to Van Dorn, following.

---------------

57 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

