
withstanding the great numbers of wounded, it affords me unalloyed pleasure to state that the majority of the wounds are slight, and the recipients thereof will in a very short period of time be able to report for duty. The destructiveness of the enemy's artillery was very great; hence the apparent increase in the proportion of the killed, which is usually about one eighth or ninth. The total number killed and wounded was 2,665, of which number 512 were killed and 2,143. wounded.

The loss in officers was absolutely frightful, being more than one-sixth of the whole number, which speaks in thunder-tones of the heroism and self-devotion of a band of brothers worthy of imitation, and always to be remembered by a grateful country. Many of them now sleep the sleep of the brave, and as the silent tear of regret starts from its grief bed, the memories of their deeds will stand forth entwined with the recollections of their soldiers companions in arms who fell, as they followed through the storm of death, as monuments of Southern valor and devotedness move durable than marble and more brilliant than polished gold.

I have the honor to be, yours, most respectfully,

M. A. PALLEN,

Medical Director.

MR. ROBERTS' HOUSE,

One Mile from Coldwater, November 6, 1862-6.15 p. m.

General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: I am sorry that the reports sent you by myself have not reached you. While I am in command of all the cavalry, it is impossible for me to be with all at the same time. I directed Colonel [J. T.] Wheeler, commanding on the Salem road, to report to you regularly, and then send the dispatch to me. Colonel [W. F.] Slemons has been commanding on La Grange road, and to hear from both commands I took a position at Hudsonville. It is unfortunate for me that I have to deal with rather inferior officers, and by virtue of their rank have to place them in command.

I have forwarded several dispatched to you to-day, general, which may not have reached you. I sent my adjutant this afternoon to order Colonel Wheeler to discover the enemy's east position, and make them show their hands. I was going to attend to it in person, when I heard the firing on La Grange road, and turned back. The enemy occupy Lamar to-night. The force at La Grance and Junction is about 15,000 infantry and two regiments of cavalry. The force from, Corinth, which is now about Saulsbury, from all I can learn, is between 20,000 and 25,000. I think 40,000 will cover their entire force.

Respectfully, general,

W. H. JACKSON,

Chief of Cavalry.

(Read by General Tilghman on the road.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Holly Springs, November 8, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Second Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you will suspend the publication of Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers -, No-

