
CORINTH, July 12, 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In leaving this department shall I relinquish the command to next in rank, or will the President designate who is to be the commander?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, July 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of an official report of the commanding officer at Bethel, Tenn., in regard to the conduct of the Seventh Kansas Volunteers on their march to this place. I have similar reports from nearly every town they passed through, and numerous reclamations from the citizens on the road are coming in for payment for property stolen and robbed or destroyed by them. It is said that General Mitchell took no measures to restrain his men, but rather encouraged them in their outrages. Measures have already been initiated to reduce these troops to order and discipline, but I have no doubt that Senator Lane and others will attribute any measures of restraint or punishment which may be adopted to political influences and will heap unmeasured abuses upon any officer who shall attempt to keep them in order. I deem it due to the officers of this army that you should be made aware of the real facts of the case. Either discipline must be maintained or our troops will become a mere band of robbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICER, August 5, 1862.

The papers within constitute a report from General Halleck, from whom it is now understood that all the measures possible were taken to remedy the evils complained of.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Number 1.]

SAINT LOUIS, January 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department of Missouri:

GENERAL: In behalf of the loyal citizens of the county of Jackson, Missouri, you honored me with a personal interview in regard to the violent and lawless action of United States military forces in that county, under command of Colonel C. R. Jennison and others, and in order that you might fully comprehend and appreciate the mode of warfare practiced by those forces I placed in your hands many petitions of true and loyal men asking for relief at your hands on account of that lawless action; and upon the authenticated facts stated in those petitions I based two propositions:

First. That you would intervene in behalf of the loyal people of my

