
county in order that they should in the future be protected from such wanton outrages on their persons and property.

Second. That you would consider the claim of each petitioner and grant such relief as might be just and proper in that regard.

As to the first proposition you were pleased to inform me that orders had been issued to General Pope to suppress or drive from this State that class of military force of which my people complained. To the second proposition I was informed you had no power or authority to act in the matter, because the loss and injury complained of by each petitioner were done by a military force over which you had no power of control. And at the same time you kindly remarked that you would forward the several petitions to the War Department, at Washington, for advice, orders, &amp;c., thereon; thereupon I requested they should be returned to me in order that I might present them in person, which request you granted.

Above I have given the substance of what passed between us in regard to my mission, and in aid thereof at Washington respectfully ask that you will honor me with a written answer, particularly as to your refusal to take any action on the matters of relief set forth in the petitions, with such reasons, suggestions, &c., in that regard you may deem proper to make.

With respect and esteem,

O. G. CATES.

[Sub-inclosures.]

JEFFERSON CITY, November 21, 1861.

Honorable O. G. CATES:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 2nd instant came to this place while I was in Washington City, and I have just now upon my return received it. I have received several communications in relation to the depredations committed by Lane's men, and as I read each one I become more and more indignant at the outrages committed upon our people. I had written to the President before I left for Washington, urging that if Kansas should be made a military department Lane should not have the command.

I am happy to know that General Hunter has been assigned to that department. His headquarters will be at Ford Leavenworth. He is a true soldier, hating all robbers and thieves. I have every confidence that he will control Lane, Jennison & Co., and keep them out of this State. Please keep him well informed of the facts. I understand that Lane has no military authority, either from the United States or Kansas, but is robbing on his own account. If he refuses to submit to the authority of General Hunter I will feel myself bound, as the chief executive of the State, to see that the citizens are protected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. GAMBLE.

[Inclosure Number 2]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 29, 1862.

O. G. CATES,

Esq., Saint Louis:

SIR: Your note of yesterday is received. It correctly states the substance

