
hence I ask no intervention on your part in behalf of my county which may seem inconsistent with the general ultimate good of our common county.

With great respect,

O. G. CATES.

[Inclosure Number 4.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Bethel, Tenn., July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

The Seventh Regiment of Kansas Cavalry passed through this place yesterday and to-day on their way to Corinth, and ever since their first appearance I have been appeared to take from them horses they have stolen from the citizens along the route they have traveled from Jackson. I have recovered some of them and handed them over to the owners, but some have eluded me and have gone on to Corinth.

The conduct of this command since it came in this vicinity has been such that it makes one feel ashamed of the volunteer service of the U. S. Army. Complaints come to me of their having robbed the farmers of all their stock and in some cases of their watches and money. I have arrested a corporal of Company F of that regiment who went into a farmer's house and broke open his trunks and stole from them a watch and some money, and will send him to you as soon as I get the testimony in his case.

They have in some instances attempted to force the women to cohabit with them when found at home alone.

Their conduct in this vicinity has been disgraceful to the Army of the United States.

Major Herrick, commanding the regiment, has done all in his power to restore to the owners such property as his men have taken, as have also some others of the officers.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. W. SANFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post, Bethel, Tenn.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON,Jackson, Tenn., July 12, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In obedience to my instructions Colonel Leggett, commanding the third subdivision of my district, has exercised his usual vigilance in the discharge of duty. He reports that one of his most reliable scouts, who returned on the 10th instant, rode with 60 of Jackson's cavalry one whole day, and that he visited several of the enemy's camps, the relations of which to Grand Junction, as also the force occupying them, are illustrated by the accompanying diagram.*

The scout also learned that the rebel cavalry were under orders to make continual forays in the direction of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad for the purpose of harassing us, interrupting our communications, and seizing our supplies. I would add that the rebel cavalry

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

