
frequently visit Davis' Mill, south, Spring Hill, southeast, and Saulsbury, east of Grand Junction. For the space of 30 miles east of the Junction the line of the road is unoccupied by us. These points are within another district and beyond my military jurisdiction, as limited and defined by Major-General Halleck; besides I have not the force adequate to protect them in addition to the different points now guarded by me.

In order to prevent the enemy from crossing the railroad and disturbing the flanks and rear of my position at the Junction frequent reconnaissances should be made over the country indicated by the red dotted line appearing on the diagram. The addition of another regiment of infantry or two or three more companies of cavalry would enable Colonel Leggett to do this. Cannot you place one or both of these at my disposal for that purpose? There can be but little of anything for either the infantry or cavalry now at Humboldt to do. The force now under my command is disposed along the roads from the Junction to Humboldt and from here to Bethel, a regiment of infantry and most of my cavalry being at present at Brownsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIV. OF THE DIST. OF JACKSON, TENN., July 10, 1862.

Captain C. T. HOTCHKISS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have not much of interest to report to-day. Inclosed please find a rugh and hasty sketch of the country immediately around me, I have ridden all over the country for some 10 miles about me on the east and south. I sent out a very reliable scout belonging to my command, who returned this evening after an absence of four days. He rode with 60 of Jackson's cavalry one whole day; was in their cavalry camp at Salem, 18 miles from here; also cavalry camp 6 miles west of Salem, 14 miles from here, and into their infantry camp 4 miles southeast of Salem. The number at each camp I have marked on the map. He would have gone to Tallahatchie, but he could not in the time I had allotted him, for I more particularly desired to understand what was going on in my immediate front. As near as he could gather from camp talk there is no design to attack with infantry or artillery very soon,b ut the cavalry are ordered to annoy us and to make a dash at the railroads and our provision and forage trains whenever they can do so. From the map you will see that I am considerably exposed upon my left. The rebels come almost every day to Davis' Mill, south (6 miles from here), and to Spring Hill, southeast, and Saulsbury, east. We have no troops for over 30 miles from here in an easterly direction.

What I most fear is that their cavalry will work north of us by way of Saulsbury and destroy the railroad this side of Middleburg, viz, the trestle-works 10 miles north of here. I keep a squad of men there, but with so much front to protect my force is not fully adequate. I should have either two full companies of cavalry or a regiment of infantry in addition to my present force. As it is, it takes all my cavalry for pickets and forage duty, leaving none to protect the line of railroad. To properly guard the line of railroad and protect myself from any surprise the

