
section of country represented within the red dotted line should be reconnoitered every day.

I will, however, do the best I possibly can with what I have and keep you notified of what is going on here.

A telegraph office is a necessity here, but we have none.

Very respectfully,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Colonel Seventy-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, Number 130. Moscow, Tenn., July 12, 1862.

Colonel McDowell, commanding the Second Brigade, will march with the effective strength of his command early to-morrow morning to Rising Sun, Tenn. He will take post at the point where the attack was made by rebel cavalry, supposed to be under the command of Colonel Jackson, of the so-called Confederate Army, on the division train about July 1. He will there levy on the planters in the vicinity for a sufficient number of horses, mules, wagons, &amp;c., to entirely cover the losses sustained by the United States Government in the above-mentioned attack.

An agent of the quartermaster's department will accompany Colonel McDowell, and will receive the property and give receipts, stating that it was taken to compensate the United States for losses sustained from the attacks of guerrillas, and in pursuance of General Orders, Number 60, July 3, 1862, of Major-General Grant.

Colonel Mungen, of the Fifty-seventh Ohio, will send an officer to accompany the expedition, who will point out the road and the position of the trains when the attack was made.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN., Number 52. Moscow, July 14, 1862.

Pursuant to orders received from general headquarters, Corinth, all the troops at or near Grand Junction belonging to General McClernand's division will move by rail and by land to Bolivar, where they will receive full instructions from headquarters.

I. General Hurlbut will march his division by the State Line road through Moscow and camp on the west side of the bridge and north side of the road, convenient for water, leaving the road clear. He will be careful that nothing is left behind in the way of provisions, tents, or stores of any kind. Before moving he will assure himself that Colonel Leggett has the means to transport by cars to Bolivar the public stores now at the Junction, and such sick and feeble men as cannot march. To this end the train of cars to arrive this p.m. should at once be put to work transporting stores and sick back to Bolivar.

II. After General Hurlbut's division reaches Moscow the Fifth Division will march, followed by General Hurlbut's division, with a suitable interval of time and space. An order for the march will be given by published orders or transmitted through aided-de-camp.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

