
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 92. July 14, 1862.

For the information of all in this command the following explanations are given in reference to the rights and duties of citizens of the States in which we may be stationed:

I. All citizens of the States claiming the right and holding themselves bound to the duties of citizens of the United States are entitled to the same protection of person and property which we claim for ourselves.

II. We hold citizens to the performance of active duties only when they receive protection; if left without protection they are bound only to good will and abstinence from acts of hostility to the Government.

III. Persons denying that they are citizens of the United States, repudiating the duties of citizens by words or actions, are entitled to no rights save those which the laws of war and humanity accord to their characters. If they claim to belong to a hostile Government they have the rights of belligerent, and can neither justly claim nor have anything more from this army. If they are found making war without lawful organization or commission they are enemies of mankind, and have the rights due to pirates and robbers, which it will be a duty to accord them. It is not our purpose to admit the slaves of loyal masters within our lines, or use them without compensation, or prevent their recovery when consistent with the interests of the service. The slaves of our enemies my come or go whenever they please, provided they do not interfere with the rules and orders of camps and discipline. They deserve more at our hands than their masters.

By order of General Rosecrans:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

I am very anxious-almost impatient-to have you here. Have due regard to what you leave behind. When can you reach here?

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The Secretary of the Navy desires to know whether you have or intend to have any land force to co-operate in the operations at Vicksburg. Please inform me immediately, inasmuch as orders he intends to give will depend on your answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CORINTH, July 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I cannot at present give Commodore Farragut any aid against Vicksburg. I am sending re-enforcements to General Curtis in Arkansas and to General Buell in Tennessee and Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

7 R R-VOL XVII, PT II

