
tents communicated to the general commanding, who instructs as follows:

Let General Hill try and hang our own traitors for murder, robbery, and treason, but the Northern soldiers cannot be dealt with summarily. He must not make up his mind to victory or the extern inaction of this command, but must be reminded of the instructions already furnished his. We are too far to be able to give him to assistance after an attack is begun and too weak to send him re-enforcement whilst there is uncertainty as to the point of attack. By disposing of his heavy baggage, as already, he can retreat before a force too storing to be opposed successfully. I will write for an additional regiment from Richmond besides the cavalry regiment of Colonel Jenifer, but with little of success.

Marauders should receive no quarter; that would prevent any trouble or difficulty.

I concur fully with these views and in these instructions of General Johnston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, December 16, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Dublin Depot, Va.:

SIR: It is not believed to be at all necessary that your brigade should establish itself in winter quarters while the enemy are pressing in superior force on the columns of General Lee in South Carolina and General Johnston in kentucky. For this reason it is that the Department has order Anderson's [Donelson's] brigade and Starke's regiment (originally intended to re-enforce your command) to South Carolina, and has also directed that the Twentieth Mississippi, the Thirteenth Georgia, Phillips' Legion, and Waddill's battalion should be detached from your command and sent to join General Lee. Your remaining force consists of the Twenty-second, Thirty-sixth, Forty-fifty, Fiftieth, and Fifty-first Virginia,of the Eight Virginia Cavalry, and of there batteries.

It is deemed necessary for the protection of the inhabitants of Greenbrier and Monroe Counties from the incursions of marauders, and to prevent any panic among them, that one regiment of troops accustomed to the rigors of the winter climate among the mountains should be stationed at near Lewisburg. With this view you are requested to detach one of your regiments (selecting an officer of vigilance, activity an discretion as commander), to be sent to Lewisburg as soon as the troops are sufficiently rested, and furnished with the necessary equipment inthe way of tents, clothing, &amp;c., there to winter for the protection of the surrounding country. You will advise the Department of the colonel you have selected and the route by which he is to be sent and the date of has departure, that the necessary supplies may be furnished in time. The remainder of your brigade, as soon as fit for active duty, will be moved, under your command, to re-enforce General A. S. Johnston at Bowling Green, Ky., and it is desired by the Department that no further delay occur in making this movement than such as may be absolutely necessary to put your troops in proper condition for movement. If your horses require a longer period than the men to be ready to move, you can leave your cavalry and artillery, with orders to follow you.

When the season approaches for the renewal of the campaign in Western Virginia it is the intention of the Department to reorganize.

