
your command for service in that region, on such a footing and with such force as will enable you to take and keep possession of the whole of Southwestern Virginia.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN

Secretary of War..
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHWEST, Staunton, Va., December 17, 1861.

Colonel E. JOHNSON,Commanding Forces on Monterey Line, Virginia:

COLONEL: General Orders, Numbers 17, from these headquarters,* as far as they are applicable to your command, are revoked. Instructions have been given to forward to you supplies, with those now on hand, sufficient for two months.

It is the intention to hold Alleghany Pass and the country in its vicinity, and you will please dispose of your command with a view thereto. Circumstances, however, may render it advisable to detach it for service with the forces now moving towards Winchester, and the general desires that you will keep it constantly and fully

prepared for such an emergency..

* * * * * * * * *

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Adjutant-General.

CENTREVILLE, VA., December 19, 1861.

Honorable W. P. MILES:

MY DEAR SIR: As we are all greatly interested in the reorganization of the army now here, I do not hesitate to give you my views on the subject. The reorganization should be here and before the troops can get a leave of absence. Then they should be allowed a leave of absence of 30 days-one third at a time. The bounty should be paid as they start off on leave. It would be better to reorganize the companies and regiments as they now are; that is, skeleton regiments and companies. When the companies go home I think it will be easy for them to fill up the ranks. The reorganization in companies and regiments as they now are I suppose would be best, as each company represents some particular section and each regiment some particular district.

The success of this effort will depend in a great measure, I think, upon the way in which it is started. But one of the brigades of my division belongs permanently to my command-D. R. Jones' brigade, now commanded by Colonel Jenkins. I propose to start the thing with this brigade, and think that I may be able to get nearly every man of it if it can be done as I propose, viz, make Jenkins a brigadier, and let the troops understand that it is to be his brigade, and that they are to be with this brigade as I hope we may be, I believe that every other regiment in the army will follow handsomely. Besides being much liked by his men, Colonel Jenkins is one of the finest officers of this army. I think him as well worthy and deserving of the position of brigadier as any officer of my acquaintance.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

