
You must not suppose that I mean to intimate that Jones is wanting in character or ability as an officer. He is a very dear friend of mine, and wanting in nothing as a gentleman or a soldier; but he has gone to Richmond to seek an exchange of brigades. This is known in his old command, and he could not now satisfy the command so completely as could Jenkins. If he is still in Richmond I would like you to consult him on this subject, and show him this letter, if you deem it at all advisable. I am satisfied that he will unite with me in my recommendation of Jenkins.

With high respect and esteem, I am very sincerely, yours,

JAMES LONGSTREET

Major-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

If the plan of reorganization proposed above can be carried into effect it certainly meets with my unqualified approval, as well as the promotion of Colonel Jenkins, who has already been warmly recommended by me as a brigadier-general.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army..

CAMP WIGFALL, December 20, 1861.

General WHITING:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I will be over to see you as soon as possible, perhaps this afternoon. Does General Johnston include Wolf Run Shoals as in my lines? This ford is too far from me to enable me to guard it with my present force, but I have always advised that artillery and infantry should be stationed there. If I am to guard this ford I would suggest that you send the battery of Captain Bachman there, and let me ask for a supporting force of infantry. The brigade which is at Davis's Ford could easily defend Wolf Run, and it would be well for a portion of that command to be on this side of the river at Davis' Ford; they can only operate by supporting the lines at Union Mills or starve down here. But the fact is, I do not think the enemy will come any where, and we ought to beat up his quarters. I send you a report of our skirmish day before yesterday. It was entirely successful, as far as driving back the cavalry of the enemy was concerned, but owing to the fact of our infantry not having attained its proper position when the fight began, we failed in cutting off the detachment as I hoped to do. I should like to try these fellows again in some force, and if you will allow it, I feel sure that I can bag a large party. Yesterday they came to the church with 900 infantry, 100 cavalry, and two guns. I have arranged my ferry here so that I can carry over a large force in a few minutes, while my guns can protect the crossing. If we were to send over some infantry, a few guns, and a large force of cavalry, we could stampede the whole camp over there. My cavalry went 3 miles beyond the cherub and drove in some pickets. There is no chance for a fight here, so we will have to look up one.

I am, yours, very respectfully and truly,

WADE HAMPTON.

