
march forthwith to Moorefield, Hardy County, with a view to forming a junction with the troops now at and near third point. If it is the design of the Government to commence offensive operations against Romney soon, the troops asked for should move to my aid at once. Recent intelligence from Romney gives reason to believe that the force of the enemy in Hampshire County is about 10,000 and that re-enforcements are continuing to arrive..

I regret to say that the occupation of Hampshire by the enemy is exercising a demoralizing influence upon our people, who are gradually yielding to outward pressure and taking the oath of allegiance to the United States. There are noble spirits in and about Romney who have given from their homes. I have endeavored to cheer them, and to deter enemy by holding out to them the prospect of a speedy deliverance,but this, I fear will prove a delusion, unless the asked-for forces or their equivalent come soon.

I fear that the forces that were recently defeated on the Alleghany will be in Romney before Colonel Johnson leaves his position.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Winchester, Va., December 24, 1861.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,Asst. Adjt. General Hdqrs. Department of Northern Virginia:

MAJOR: I have good reason to believe that the enemy in Hampshire are nearly 10,000 strong, and that he continues to receive re-enforcements.

As yet General Loring has not arrived, and as he not reported to me the strength of his command I am unable to give it, except by estimate based upon the number of his regiments. According to this estimate I suppose my entire volunteer command, exclusive of McDonald's cavalry, will, after General Loring's regiments, now en route for this place, arrive, amount to 7,500. But it must be borne in mind that the accessions from the Army of the Northwest are not well drilled, having passed the present campaign in the mountains, where the opportunities for drilling were very limited..

As I have reason to believe that the enemy has been re-enforce more rapidly than i have been, and as additional re-enforcements are expected, and they already outnumber me, I would respectfully urge upon the commanding general of the department the importance of sending me at once 5,000 good infantry and the First Virginia Cavalry, or its equivalent, and also a battery of four guns. These forces asked for can be immediately returned to their present stations after the Federal forces shall have been captured or driven out of Hampshire County. It may se thought that I am applying for too many troops; but it is a miserable policy to merely base the estimate for troops on one side for future operations upon the enemy's present strength when he is continually receiving re-enforcements.

It appears to me that General Kelley's true policy would be not to march direct from Romney upon this place, but to move first to Martinsburg, form a junction with General Banks, and then, with their united

