
the Army of the Northwest and that he should continue to be its immediate commander. This meets with my approbation, and I respectfully request that no action be taken upon my former application for him to command as a division such part of his forces as might be in this district..

I am, major, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

DUBLIN, December 24, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

The troops are going off rapidly. Neither money nor supplies have come. Can't they be sent after us? Many of our people are without a dollar and in great need.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS AQUIA DISTRICT, December 24, 1861.

Numbers 203.
I. Under instructions from the War Department, Colonel, John M. Brockenbrough, with the Fortieth Virginia Volunteers and Cooke's battery, is hereby transferred from the Second Brigade, Aquia District, and will proceed to take post at such point in the Northen Neck as will be convenient for its management, control, and defense.

He will assume command over all the forces in the Northern Neck and will act in concert with Colonel George E. Pickett for the defense of the Rappahannock. He will confer with Major R. L. T. Beale, and afford him every possible aid in the discharge of his duties as provost-marshal.

* * * * * * * * *

By order of Major General T. H. Holmes:

D. H. MAURY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, December 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully transmit herewith for your information a copy of a letter to-day received from one of our friends in Washington, dated 23rd instant, and an extract from another, also from a friend in Washington, dated 22nd instant. The preceding part of the second letter is entirely personal.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[Inclosures.]

MONDAY MORNING, December 23, 1861.

MY DEAR COLONEL: If any confidence whatever can be placed in anything that is said by those in high authority, an advance of the Federal (tory) Army of the Potomac will take place between this and

