
the 5th next month. Most likely it will take place this week. General Porter fold a friend of mine on Saturday that an advance would in all probability by made this week. He also told him that General Burnside's fleet was all in confusion and in a general state of derangement. It is important, however, that you watch both land and water, as it is more than likely that you will be attacked both by land and water. I would advise, under all the circumstances, that you prepare for an attack this week. All of their available force on this side of the river was sent across this morning. Johnson and Etheridge, of Tennessee, are doing all they can to get Yankee thieves into Tennessee and Southwestern Virginia, to burn bridges and mills, store-houses, machineshops, &amp;c. A large sum of money has been set apart by the Cabinet for that special work. Watch these devils. Keep a sharp lookout for bridge-burners, &c., in every direction. Look out for an advance this week. Good be with you. Colonel Thompson has been arrested; letters found on the ducker; poor fellow.

CHARLES R. CABLES.

I inclose letter just received from our friend. Address me with great care hereafter.

CHARLES R. CABLES.

I send several papers. Things are working finely in England. God is with us and no mistake.

Extract.

* * * The visit lasted some time. In the course of it I learned that an advance of McClellan's army is certainly anticipated within the next ten days, and that they wished to get rid of me on account of my daring activity. These were the words. Now, what shall I do? They may be obliged to release me here unconditionally, if at all, but it may be a long time. If I can hurt them by being kept, I will submit cheerfully, because my life belongs to our cause. Tell me what you think. I sent a letter to you dear Canard, and you had best answer this in the same way.

HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, December 25, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I respectfully transmit herewith, for the consideration of the War Department, two letters just received from Major-General Jackson.*

It is needless for me to attempt to impress upon the Administration the importance of preventing the reconstruction of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in Virginia, which has been increased by the breaking of Dam No. 5, above Williamsport. No one understands this subject better than the President himself.

It is of the utmost importance to us to hold the valley of the Shenandoah, but of greater consequence to hold this point. I cannot, there-fore detach 5,000 men from this army to the Valley District. We are but 15 or 18 miles from the enemy, and almost four times as far from Major-General Jackson. If it is possible to add to the forces under

---------------

* No inclosures found with original. Reference is probably to Jackson to Rhett, and to Johnston, December 24, pp. 1004, 1005.

---------------

