
Major-General Jackson, I respectfully urge that it may be done. A reenforcement of 3,000 or 4,000 men would, if it joined to him promptly, make the force under his command strong enough to attack the enemy with confidence.

The enemy's troops beyond the Alleghany lately are supposed to be now with General Kelley. Our own, who lately confronted General Kelly's, might therefore be put under General Jackson, to oppose the same enemies on this side of the Alleghany. The operation proposed by General Jackson will require but a week or two. Troops who are merely in observation might therefore re-enforce him, and after the service he proposes return to their present stations..

If there is a probability of a junction of the troops of Kelley and Banks, General Jackson's plan of attacking the former soon is undoubtedly most judicious. If it is possible to re-enforce him for such an object, I hope that it will be done..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General

CENTREVILLE, December 26, 1861.

General D. H. HILL, Commanding at Leesburg:

MY DEAR FRIEND: Yours of the 23rd* was received yesterday. In regard to the affair at Dranesville, without being an important disaster, it was quite a serious check and rather unfortunate for us. The reports in the papers on our side are substantially correct, I believe. The Yankees, I think, must have understated their loss. We had 43 killed, 143 wounded, and 8 missing. Our troops behaved well; retired in good order by command, and are anxious to try it again.

Your present position is one of great importance and heavy responsibility. I am satisfied that General Johnston and General Beauregard considered themselves and this army fortunate in having the benefit of your services on our extreme left.

In the contemplated rearrangement of brigades it is intended to give you the North Carolina regiments. In the mean time I would say,"Do the work before you"; it is difficult and important;bide your time;all will be right.

We have rumors of an intended advance of the enemy within a few days; keep a bright eye out. I am not altogether well for a few days past, but will be better, I hope, in a day or two.

Write as often as you can. I am always delighted to hear from you. There were no letters here for you when I received your first note.

Yours, as ever,

G. W. SMITH.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 26, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I had an interview this morning with General T. J. Jackson, and learned that most of the troops of the enemy who were at the fight on Alleghany Mountain a few days since were now at Romney, and that he was very desirous that the forces on the Alleghany, under

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

