
One hundred of your best sheep, your two-year-old cattle, oxen, horses and mules, including your fine young stud-horse, were carried off. Other property, from perhaps Crallis Valk and Andrew Burns, was also taken, amounting in all to several thousand dollars' worth. Your house and furniture I understand were not injured, nor were your slaves taken away, because I understand one of them said they declined to go. Where the next raid is to be committed I cannot tell. The success of this one will inspire others.

Why is the whole of Western Virginia to be given up? Is Virginia too large in this scale of States? Is there any real desire to have Virginia dissevered and the west given over to the Federals? I am pained to think of the treatment which we have received. A small force would have prevented this humiliating result, but now the bloodhounds having fleshed their fangs it will take an army to prevent the recurrence of a like event. We must move away from our homes and give up all we posses, or be subject to the invasions and insults of these robbers.

Very truly and respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

SAML. PRICE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, December 27, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia, Centreville, Va.:

SIR: I am informed by a letter from S. T. Stewart, agent Confederate States, Thoroughfare, Va., to Major Blair, Confederate States, forwarded to the Commissary General, that it is reported by J. H. Myers, agent of the commissary department for the valley, that parties near Mount Jackson and Strasburg are refusing to sell the grain, &c., necessary for the subsistence of the Government cattle and hogs purchased for the supply of the Army, except at exorbitant prices. This state of things should not be tolerated. Our Army must be fed. The supplies necessary for this purpose must be had, and those who refuse to sell them to the Government at fair and reasonable rates cannot be regarded as true friend of our cause. You are, therefore, requested to issue orders requiring the impressment of such supplies, wherever the owners refuse to dispose of them at fair market value in Confederate money. It is hoped, however, that the knowledge that such orders have been issued will prevent the necessity of executing them, otherwise the exigencies of our Army demand that they be promptly enforced.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A. Richmond, December 27, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department Northern Virginia:

SIR: The Adjutant-General has, in conformity with the request of General W. H. C. Whiting, placed his letter of the 19th instant* before the President, and I am instructed by him to make reply as follows:The President has read with grave displeasure the very insubordinate letter of General Whiting, in which he in presumptuous censure

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

