HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, January 2, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. The removal of the Arkansas regiment from Evansport to replace one sent into the Northern Neck was, I understood from Major-General Holmes, made under the instructions of the War Department, and therefore beyond my control. I respectfully recommend that those regiments return to their former positions. The force near Evansport and Dumfries is now far too weak.

J. E. JOHNSTON,General.
HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, December 30, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully ask your attention to an article in the Richmond Dispatch of this morning, by "Bohemian." [Copy following.]

The information it contains would be very valuable to the enemy, such as he would pay for liberally. I cannot suppose it innocently published. The author's name is Shepardson or Stepherdson, styled Doctor. I respectfully suggest his arrest. He is now in Richmond. I ascertained this fact by attempting yesterday to have him found, on account of a previous letter in the same paper. Could not the editor of the paper be included in the accusation?

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

MANASSAS, December 27.

To-day our whole army is engaged in building log housed for winter quarters or in moving to sites already selected. Several brigades will remain where they now are, near the fortifications in Centreville, and the remainder will fall back a mile or two upon Bull Run. General Kirby Smith's brigade is at Camp Wigfall, to the right of the Orange and Alexandria road, near the run. Near by the whole of Van Dorn's division are making themselves comfortable in their little cottages, which rise rapidly day by day under diligent hands of the soldiers. A few brigades are scattered down towards the Occoquan, where wood and water is plenty, the farthest, being by Davis' Ford. The artillery, with the exception of Walton's battalion, has already been located between Cub Run and Stone Bridge. The cavalry has fallen back a little and they are now building stables and houses near Centreville.

General Stuart will remain in the advance. It is probable that General Johnston will occupy the Lewis House, on the battle-field, and General Beauregard Wier's, his old headquarters. Before the 18th and 21st Longstreet's division will, if I am correctly informed, occupy the advanced position, and will remain near where it is at present.

The artillerist detailed to man the guns in the battery will also remain by the fortifications. In case of an attack by the Yankees it will take about two hours to get the main strength of the army across Bull Run. Information of an approach would be given at least two hours before an enemy could come up, and in that time we could be well prepared to resist any force that can be brought up.

That is about the situation of affairs for the winter, and it remains to be seen whether our men are to have an opportunity of a brush with

