
Stevens has been unfit for duty for several months, and is not likely to recover soon. A skillful officer of that corps would be of great value to this army.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,

No. 1. Richmond, January 1, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress, with regulations of the Secretary of War thereupon, are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT providing for the granting of bounty and furloughs to privates and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That a bounty of fifty dollars be, and the same is hereby to all privates, musicians, and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army who shall serve continuously for three years of for the war, to be paid at the following times, to wit: To all now in the service for twelve months, to be paid at the time of volunteering or enlisting for the next two ensuing years subsequent to the expiration of their present term of expiration of their first year's service. To all who may hereafter volunteer or enlist for three years or for the war, to be paid at the time of entry into service.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That furloughs, not exceeding sixty days, with transportation home and back, shall be granted to all twelve-months' men now in service who shall, prior to the expiration of their present term of service, volunteer or enlist for the next two ensuing years subsequent to the expiration of their present term of service, or for three years, or the war. Said furloughs to be issued at such times and in such numbers as the Secretary of War may deem most compatible with the public interest, the length of each furlough being regulated with reference to the distance of each volunteer from his home: Provided, That in lieu of a furlough the communication value in money of the transportation hereinabove granted shall be paid to each private, musician, or non-commissioned officer who may elect to receive it at such time as the furlough itself would otherwise be granted.

SEC. 3. This act shall apply to all troops who have volunteered or enlisted for a term of twelve months or more in the service of any State, who are now in the service of the said State, and who may hereafter volunteer or enlist in the service of the Confederate States under the provisions of the present act.

SEC.4. And be it further enacted, That all troops revolunteering of re-enlisting shall, at the expiration of their present term of service, have the power to reorganize themselves into companies and elect their company officers; and said companies shall have the power to organize themselves into battalion or regiments and elect their field officers; and after the first election all vacancies shall be filled by promotion from the company, battalion, or regiment in which such vacancies may occur: Provided, That whenever a vacancy shall occur, whether by promotion or otherwise,in the lowest grade of commissioned officers of a company, said vacancy shall always be filed by election: And provided further, That in the case of troops which been regularly enlisted into the service of any particular State prior to the formation of the Confederacy, and which have by such State been turned over to the Confederate Government, the officers shall not be elected, but appointed and promoted in the same manner and by the same authority as they have been appointed and promoted.

Approved December 11, 1861.

II. Captain or commanding officers of twelve months' men will, under direction of regimental and battalion commander, make out duplicate muster rolls of their companies, noting opposite the name of each man desiring to renew his enlistment for two years from the expiation of his present of service the following remark, "Enlistment extended for two years; bounty due, 850," inserting the date of the remark.

As soon as the intention of each man is thus ascertained, report will be made to the commanding officer of the army in which the troops ar serving. The commanding officer will thereupon cause his inspector

