HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Unger's Store, Morgan County, Virginia, January 2, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 31st ultimo is at hand, and tends to confirm information previously received by me that an advance was to be made on Winchester by forces from Reynolds and Banks. I am taking a position such as to prevent their junction without giving me an opportunity of striking a blow at one of them previously, should circumstances justify it..

To-morrow I hope to recover Bath, and before leaving Morgan I desire to drive the enemy out of this county and destroy the railroad bridge which has been recently constructed across the Big Cacapon. Reynold's forces in and about Romney are estimated at about 18,000 but I think this is too large; yet I fear that it is true. At last advices General Bank's headquarters were at Fredericton, but he has had ample time to change them since..

Very truly, your friend,

T. J. JACKSON,

[Major-General, Commanding Valley District.]
HEADQUARTERS, Broke's Station, January 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: the two regiments withdrawn from Evansport were Colonel Judge's Fourteenth Alabama and Colonel Fagan's First Arkansas, the latter some time ago, to replace Brockenbrough's, sent to the Northern Neck. The Fourteenth Alabama belonged to General Whiting's command, and I have requested him to send another to replace Whiting's command, and I have requested him to send another to replace it. I would send one from here, but am fearful that Burnside's expedition will land below here for the purpose of marching on Fredericksburg, when the five regiments that are in this neighborhood would scarcely be able to hold him in check until re-enforcements could arrive. In the mean time I do not think the batteries are in danger, as General French has four regiments at his disposal and Whiting in easy supporting distance.

I sincerely hope you will excuse the liberty I am about to take in asking you to issue at your earliest convenience the order relative to enlistments under the new law. The troops now are in good spirits and many disposed to-enlist, but there is a system of electioneering going on, under the belief that man who can raise a company by re-enlistments is authorized to do so, that will result in heart-burnings and discontent. This will be avoided if the plan of furnishing each company with rolls and re-enlistments on them to be confined to the company be carried out. In this way the officers and men going on furlough will know the number of men they require to complete their reorganization, and will exert themselves to bring back from their homes the number necessary to fill the places of those who refuse to re-enlist.

I am, general, very respectfully, your, obedient servant,TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding District.

