
Memorandum for the War Department from notes received from Washington by Colonel Jordan yesterday.

(Received January 4, 1862.)

The first, dated December 28, according to which Kelley is to advance on Winchester, Stone and Banks on Leesburg, McClellan on Centreville, and Burnside's flotilla to attack the batteries. This to occur this week, and an aide-de-camp of McClellan, and Fox, of the Navy Department, the authorities..

The second, dated December 30, states that the outside pressure will force McClellan forward either this or next week; supposes he is waiting for Burnside's fleet..

The third, without date, is headed "From very high sources": "Kelley advances on Romney; Burnside's fleet against the batteries; Stone and Banks cross and advance on Leesburg. McClellan and all round Washington are to push on to Centreville. McClellan's aide-de-camp said that if the general were well enough the move would be made next week, and simultaneous ones in Kentucky and Missouri. Puts the force about Washington at from 150,000 to 300,000. Fox said Fort Pulaski would be attacked by land and water in ten days. They will make an attempt to pass the Potomac batteries in force soon."

The fourth is headed "Valuable information." The Pensacola frigate, armed with the largest Dahlgren guns, is under orders to proceed down the Potomac, with other gunboats, to force the batteries on the Virginia side. The Burnside expedition at Annapolis is also about ready, and is believed to be under orders for the Potomac, to co-operate with the expedition from Alexandria and Washington via the Potomac and Pohick Church. Reynolds has superseded Kelley at Romney. Rosecrans is in Washington. McClellan to move upon Manassas and Reynolds upon Winchester simultaneously with the attack on the batteries. This dated 28th December..

The four papers are in different handwriting. I don't know the writers..

Respectfully submitted.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[Inclosure.]

[Extract from National Intelligence-date not known.]

General Burnside is awaiting the arrival of gunboats and transports at Annapolis. Sixteen transports, four schooners, and five floating batteries are already there. The naval rendezvous will be at Old Point Comfort, and it is said that Captain Goldsborough is assigned to the command.

Brigadier General J. J. Reynolds has been ordered to supersede General Kelley, and is expected to leave Indiana in a few days. The Thirteenth Indiana, Colonel Sullivan, and Fourteenth Indiana, Colonel Kimball, have gone forward to Romney from Cheat Mountain.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Centreville, Va., January 4, 1862.

Brigadier General D. F. HILL,.

Commanding C. S. Forces in Loundoun County, Leesburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I send you herewith a telegram received this day from the War Department. It indicates a movement on the part of the enemy, to what point we are not yet informed, but probably to attack the

