
An effort will be made to send an engineer to you, also a competent artillery officer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 2 Richmond, January 6, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress and regulations in reference thereto are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT For the recruiting service of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States do enact, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to adopt measures for recruiting and enlisting men for companies for service in the war or three years, which by the casualties of the service have been reduced by death and discharges.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to detail the company commissioned officers for the above duty, in such numbers and at such times as in his opinion will best comport with the public service. The officers thus appointed to enlist and recruit for their respective companies.

Approved December 19, 1861.

II. Commanding officers of all war regiments, battalions, squadrons, and independent companies will detail for recruiting service, subject to approval of the commanding officer of the army with which they are serving, a subaltern and a non-commissioned officer or private from each war company below the minimum organization, with instructions to proceed to the neighborhood where his company was raised, and there enlist recruits to raise the company to he maximum organization..

III. Officers, detailed for recruiting service will make requisitions on the Adjutant-General for recruiting funds, reporting the station to which they have been ordered, the company and regiment for which they have been directed to recruit, and post-town, and State to which letters for them should be addressed. A similar report should also be made to the Commissary and Quartermaster's Departments, in order that the required instructions may issue to the proper officers of these departments to fill the requistins necessary for such recruiting purposes.

IV. As soon as possible after the enlistment of a recruit, he shall be inspected by a commissioned surgeon of the Confederate States, and, if unfit for service, shall be rejected . In all cases this inspection shall take place before the recruit leaves the State in which he is enlisted.

V. A commutation for rations, at the rate of twenty-five cents perration, shall be allowed to each recruit from the date of his enlistment until he is supplied regularly with subsistence by an officers of the Commissary Department.

VI. No clothing or commutation for clothing will be allowed a recruit until after inspection. As soon as possible after inspection a recruit until after inspection. As soon as possible after inspection and muster, the recruit will be supplied with clothing or commutation therefor by the nearest quartermaster, in accordance with regulations.

VII. The time allowed for recruiting will in co case extend beyond thirty days; at the expiration whereof the recruiting party with the enlisted men will proceed to join their company.

VIII. Officers in charge of recruiting parties will keep a strict account of the disbursements made by them of moneys placed in their hands for

