HEADQUARTERS, Lewisburg, Va., January 9, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. A.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Twenty-second Regiment Virginia, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, arrived at the White Sulphur Springs yesterday. From sickness and other causes the regiment has been reduced to about 325 effective men. Its weakness invites attack.

The country towards the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad is left entirely open. At any time the enemy's cavalry could move from Raleigh Court-House and do great damage. I would therefore urge upon the Department the necessity of sending a force to Peterstown (a strategic point), ready to move towards Union or the road leading from Raleigh Court-House to Virginia and Tennessee Railroad in case the enemy should threaten either point..

It may be some time before a sufficient force can be raised for "local defense," and as I am threatened on all sides, I respectfully call the attention of the Department to our defenseless condition and the importance of guarding not only the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, but that of the Central Railroad and the depot of supplies at Jackson's River.

Since my return I have raised one company of cavalry, which will be organized on the 11th. I will immediately place it on duty, guarding the roads leading to this place; other companies (of infantry and one of artillery) are in process of being formed.

In case of necessity I will force out the militia; those who are not for me are against me.

Captain R. Caskie, Wise's Legion, desires to join me with his company of cavalry. He has been operating in Merces and Raleigh during the past summer, and he is well acquainted with the country. I hope you will gravity him, and order him to join me..

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. W. REYNOLDS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,.

Morgan County, Virginia, January 10, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions received from you I submit the following report respecting the location of the troops of this district. The numbers are not strictly accurate:

At Winchester, 183 infantry; at Hanging Rock, on the Northwestern turnpike, distant from Winchester 28 miles, 650 infantry and 56 cavalry; at North River Mills, on Cacapon bridge, and Frankfort turnpike, distant from Winchester 20 miles, 50 cavalry; at Martinsburg, 100 infantry and 56 cavalry; at Stepherstown, 60 cavalry; at Duffield's Depot, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, midway between Charlestown and Stepherdstown, 100 infantry and 26 cavalry; at Moorefield, distant 57 miles from Winchester and 27 from Romney, 400 infantry; at this place, on the Hampshire and Berkeley turnpike, distant 24 miles from Winchester, 8,000 infantry and 375 cavalry.

Brigadier-General Meem left here this morning for Moorefield with 545 infantry, and Brigadier-General Carson left here this morning for

