HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Centreville, January 16, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave to urge the importance of filling, as soon as possible, the grades of major and brigadier general now existing in this army. The necessity of filling these offices is increasing by the absence of three brigadier-generals, two of whom are members of Congress; the other is sick..

I have twice asked, by telegraph, for an officer of ability to succeed General Whiting, but have received no reply. That command is an important one, and should be exercised by one of our best officers; but those at my disposal who are competent to it are indispensable in their present positions.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

LEESBURG, VA., January 17, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding First Corps, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: A negro has been captured by our scouts, who reports that the enemy has a large force concentrated behind Harper's Ferry, and that they are talking of crossing there. I can perceive no diminution of Stone's force. He has at least 1,700 men on post every moment from Point of Rocks to Edward Ferry, of 5,100 on sentry duty. Colonel Redford thinks this a low estimate; I have never in my life seen such a chain of sentinels. They are evidently very solicitous about the canal. Strong has not annoyed me at the fortifications since I threatened to fire at the barges if he fired any more at my forts. I forgot to mention that the captive negro says that some of the generals from Washington had been up to examine the position at Harper's Ferry.

With great respect,.

D. H. HILL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS AQUIA DISTRICT,Broke's Station, January 17, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your favor of yesterday is received, and caused me to resume my thinking-cap, which was momentarily removed when the incubus (Burnside's expedition) sailed. I do not see how I can change the position of my regiments to advantage; they are in supporting distance, and ready for action in any direction, and it glads my heart to sat they are in excellent condition and spirits, except the Fourteenth Alabama, at Evansport, which has suffered greatly with measles and its concomitant. If General McClean advances, it will certainly be irrespective of our batteries; and if he cannot turn the position at Centreville by crossing the Occoquan he must meet that part of your command squarely, and I do not doubly you will destroy him. If however, you wish any co-operation from my command, I can be with you at very short notice, for we can march almost at a moment's notice..

The two regiments referred to as being out of position between Evans

