
I have given orders for constructing a telegraphic line from Winchester to Romney, in order that I may at the earliest possible moment receive intelligence of an advance on Romney.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, P. A. C. S.

WINCHESTER, VA., January 24, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday evening from Romney, where I left General Loring, with about 4,000 infantry, three companies of cavalry, and thirteen pieces of field artillery. General Garnett's brigade is en route for this place.

To-day I received both your letters respecting the movements of the enemy towards Harper's Ferry.* The object may be to cross at that point, but I am apprehensive that these forces are moving higher up. I fear that the enemy is determined to rebuild the railroad from Hancock Westerward, and I am not in a condition to prevent it, as the troops of this district will do well if they but hold their positions during the reorganization. The great desire to rebuild the railroad be inferred not only from its importance to the grand army, but from the fact that the enemy in retreating from Romney halted on this side of the railroad bridge next below Cumberland. Notwithstanding, it gave them a bad position, and while there a loyal citizen of my acquaintance visited General Landerfor the purpose of recovering a property, and during their conversation General Landeer said if I did any further damage to the railroad that he would burn every village in Hampshire County, and that he would burn the house of every secessionist in th county and would destroy all his property. This great desire to reconstruct the railroad shows its importance to the enemy, and I am in favor of destroying it at once, so as to put away this bone of contention. But to do this I require a regiment of cavalry for a few days. Can you not send it to me?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

DUBLIN, January 24, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

The enemy with a force of one regiment of infantry and some cavalry are advancing in the direction of Pack's Ferry, on New River. A regiment of infantry should be sent to Peterstown to protect the stores there. I think I can hold the enemy in check until re-enforcements arrive.

In haste, truly, yours,

W. H. JENIFER,

Colonel Eight Virginia Cavalry.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

