HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, Va., January 28, 1862.

General Jackson,Commanding Valley District, Winchester Va.:

GENERAL: I have to-day received your letters of 21st and 24th. I regret to be unable to re-enforce you. May not your own cavalry, Colonel Ashbt's regiment, be concentrated and used for the purpose for which you apply to me for cavalry? I am an enemy to much distribution of troops. May not yours be brought together; so posted, that is to say, that you may be able to assemble them all to oppose an enemy coming from Harper's Ferry, Williamsport, or the northwest? Should the report given by General Hill prove to b correct, it would be imprudent, it seems to me, to keep your troops dispersed as they now are. Do not you think so? The enemy might not only prevent your concentrating, but interpose himself between us, which must never permit.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CENTREVILLE, January 29, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

What is the total number of arms of sick and absent men reported to you here?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

JANUARY 29, 1862.

General JOHNSTON:

The total number of arms of such and absent men, according to reports handed me at Centreville, is 3,405; this is exclusive ot the number of arms in depot at Manassas, which according to your indorsement on General G. W. Smith's division return is 2,430, making in all 6,830 surplus arms.

I send by mail to your address at Manassas the original reports I received at Centreville.

S. COOPER.

RICHMOND, Va., January 29, [?], 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

It will be necessary to act promptly. Have you been notified of the return of General Jackson to Winchester and the withdrawal of the brigade with which he undertook the service from which he is reported to have retired, leaving only those who sent to re-enforce him? Will confer with you at your pleasure.

J. D. [DAVIS.]

The petition of the officers with General Loring's indorsement is returned.*

D..

---------------

* Probably Taliaferro et. al. to Loring, January 25, p. 1046.

---------------

