
War. To that Department I must refer you for the information which you seek of me..

There are no flint-lock muskets in the hands of my soldiers, nor have there been any since I assumed the command here. There were 500 such in the depot at Manassas when I arrived here from the valley. They were soon afterwards sent to Richmond, in accordance with the general practice in such matters above specified. .

Do me the favor to express to the governor my grateful acknowledgment of his kind and patriotic message. Nothing earthly could afford me higher gratification than the fulfillment of his good wishes by this army striking a great blow for the freedom and independence of Virginia and of the South..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

CAVALRY CAMP,.

Between Pack's Ferry and Raleigh C. H., January 29, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I am now between Pack's Ferry and Raleigh with my cavalry. I learn this evening that the enemy has been re-enforced at the latter place, numbering in all a bout 1,500 infantry, 100 cavalry, and several pieces of artillery. I do not think it is his intention to make a general advance soon, but they have been very annoying to the loyal citizens of Raleigh County, causing many to leave their homes, and arresting others and compelling them to take the oath..

The infantry regiment ordered here from Dublin five or six days ago has not yet arrived. I do not know what has detained it, unless it is the swollen condition of the streams between Peterstown and Pack's Ferry. I have ordered the commander of the regiment, when he arrives, to station two companies at Jumping Branches, which is a very important point, being 7 miles in advance of Pack's Ferry and 18 miles from Raleigh Courth-House. I have also two companies of cavalry at Jumping Branches, with the advance pickets at Shady Springs, 10 miles from Raleigh Court-House. The remaining companies of the infantry regiment I have ordered to Peterstown. In placing the command at these points it makes it convenient for the advanced companies to be re-enforced, or in case it is necessary for them to fall back they can readily do so, without danger of being cut off by the enemy..

I will also report that neither the major nor surgeon of this regiment are on duty with it. The major has never yet reported..

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. H. JENIFER,.

Colonel, Commanding..

UNION, Wednesday, January 29, 1862.

Colonel JENIFER:.

DEAR SIR: It has been ascertained with certainty that 250 Yankee cavalry passed Tyree, at the foot of Big Sewell, on Monday, and that they staid at Hickman's, about 6 miles west of Meadow, on Monday night. It is reported that they were to meet 1,000 infantry at Meadow Bluff on yesterday, and that the 1,000 men were on their march by the Wilderness road from Summersville. This last-mentioned report seems

