
to have some credit about Lewisburg. There is quite a panic at that place. They may attempt a movement by way of the Blue Sulphur and thence to the Red Sulphur, or by way of Blue Sulphur and across the Flat Top to this place. They may, and i think that most probable, stop and intrench at Meadow Bluff. I understand that the cavalry had some wagons with them; the number has not been reported..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

A. T. CAPERTON..

RICHMOND, VA., January 30, 1862.

General T. J. JACKSON, Winchester, Va.:

Our news indicates that a movement is being made to cut off General Loring's command. Order him back to Winchester immediately..

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War..

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 17. January 30, 1862.

In obedience to orders received from the Secretary of War, assigning him to an important position in another department, General Beauregard is relieved from the duties of his present command. .

In losing the aid of this distinguished soldier the commanding general cannot withhold the expression of his sense of the eminent services by which he has achieved so much for our country, our cause, and the renown of our arms..

By command of General Johnston:.

A. P. MASON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,.

Winchester, Va., January 31, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:.

SIR: Your order requiring me to direct General Loring to return with his command to Winchester immediately has been received and promptly complied with..

With such interference in my command I cannot expect to be of much service in the field, and accordingly respectfully request to be ordered to report for duty to the superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute at Lexington, as has been done in the case of other professors. Should this application not be granted, I respect fully request that the President will accept my resignation from the Army..

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General, P. A. C. S. .

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, February 7, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded, with great regret. I don't know how the loss of this officer can be supplied. General officers are much wanted in this department..

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

