
to be between 2,000 and 3,000 men. Within a few hours they can concentrate their entire force at any one of these stations, or place along the line scouting and foraging parties. The total of their strength is about 12,000 men..

To oppose this army we have a bout 4,500 effective men and a few militia..

It will be seen that the picketing and scouting necessary to keep ourselves advised must be excessive, and when the inclement season is considered, the exposure makes the duty one of great hardship, attended with loss of life..

You are also aware that the country here and in its vicinity, occupied so long by the enemy, has been exhausted of its resources, and our supplies must be brought mostly from Winchester and Strasburg, 42 and 60 miles distant; grain from the South Branch Valley, some of it 35 miles, part of the way exposed to the enemy, necessitating large escorts..

In brief, the advantages of the enemy are in having the base of their operations at the railroad with nearly three times our force, while the position of this command is indefensible, and over 40 miles from its source of supply, with none of the roads macadamized, and which must necessarily become impassable in a short time with ordinary freight..

If it is the intention to keep this command here, I am compelled to say that the force is not equal to the requirements, and I therefore respectfully but earnestly request a re-enforcement of 3,000 men to meet the immediate concentration of the enemy as well as to relieve the command of the unparalleled exposure to which they have been and are now subjected..

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. W. LORING,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c..

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Notes on the location and approaches to Romney..

This village is situated on the Northwest turnpike, within mile of its intersection with the South Branch of the Potomac. From its location in a valley surrounded by mountains and hills not difficult of access it is of course indefensible. The approaches are (by roads) by the Northwest turnpike east and west, the Springfield turnpike, and two roads up the South Branch to Moorefield. All of these roads connect with farm roads, which, with the nature of the surrounding country, render travel in every direction without baggage easy..

Defenses.- Ont he left front, a pass, through which Mill Creek runs. This is narrow and tortuous part of the road, half a mile long, and ending at Mechanicsburg, 3 1/2 miles from Romney. The pass is difficult to defend, the approach them cover; it can also be turned ont he south by a road practicable for artillery. It would be dangerous, therefore, to use artillery in or beyond this pass. The road mentioned above leads into the Moorefield grade, which passed through Romney and the pass. At Mechanicsburg, besides the Northwest turnpike, a road leads up Mill Creek, one to New Creek 18 miles, via Sheet's Mill, and another 5 miles to Fox's.

