
of the United States, the danger in which our very existence as an independent people lies, required sacrifices from us all who have been educated as soldiers.

I receive my information of the order of which you have such cause to complain from your letter. Is not that as great an official wrong to me as to order itself to you? Let us dispassionately reason with the Government on this subject of command, and if we fail to influence its practice, then ask to be relieved from positions the authority of which is exercised by the War Department, while the responsibilities are left to us..

I have taken the liberty to detain your letter to make this appeal to your patriotism, not merely from warm feelings of personal regard, but from the official opinion which makes me regard you as necessary to the service of the country in your present position..

Very truly, yours,.

J. E. JOHNSTON..

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, February 3, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:.

SIR: From a letter received this day from Major General T. J. Jackson, dated January 31, 1862, I make the following quotation:.

I ask as a special favor that you will have me ordered back to the Institute..

In deference to his request I ask that his wish may be complied with, and the requisite order issued..

I am, truly,.

JOHN LETCHER..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

February 4, 1862.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,.

Commanding Forces at Dumfries:.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that hereafter you will report your command directly to him..

* * * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

A. P. MASON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General..

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 21. February 4, 1862.

The commanding general calls the attention of the twelve-months' troops under his command to General Orders, Numbers 1 [January 1, 1862], from the War Department, on the subject of their re-enlistment under the act of Congress approved December 11, 1861.

Soldiers! your country again calls you to the defense of the noblest of human causes. To the indomitable courage already exhibited on the battle-field you have added the rarer virtues of high endurance, cheerful obedience, and self-sacrifice. Accustomed to the comforts and lux-

