
pickets near Falls Church, and his dispatches carried to Brigadier-General Wadsworth, at Arlington. That officer informed Lieutenant-Colonel Harrison that they were promptly forwarded to General McClellan. He waited for the answer until yesterday, when being informed by Brigadier-General Wadsworth that he could form no opinion as to the time when it might be expected, he returned..

On receiving your letter in reply to mine in relation to re-enlistments, I directed your orders on that subject to be carried into immediate effect, furloughs to be given at the rate of 20 per cent. of the men present for duty..

The order directing recruiting for the war regiments is also in course of execution. In my opinion the position of the valley army ought, if possible, to enable it to co-operate with that of the Potomac. But it must also depend upon that of the enemy and his strength. General Jackson occupied Romney strongly because the enemy was reported to be concentrating his troops, including those supposed to be near Harper's Ferry, at New Creek. I regret very much that you did not refer this matter to me before ordering General Loring to Winchester instead of now..

I think that orders from me now, conflicting with those you have given, would have an unfortunate effect-that of making the impression that our views do not coincide, and that each of us is pursuing his own plan. This might especially be expected among General Loring's troops, if they are, as represented to me, in a state of discontent little removed from insubordination..

Troops stationed at Moorefield could not well co-operate with those in the northern part of the valley, as the President remarks..

Let me suggest that, having broken up the dispositions of the military commander, you give whatever other orders may be necessary..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Centreville, February 7, 1862. (Received February 10.)

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:.

SIR: The inclosed charges against Brigadier-General Loring were received from General Jackson to-day. The official reports I have received of the condition of General Loring's command make me think the trial of this case necessary to the maintenance of discipline in the Valley District. So many officers of high rank are absent from this department, that I cannot "without manifest injury to the service" assemble an adequate court-martial..

The object of this letter is to ascertain if you can detail 4 or 5 officers, of suitable rank, for such a court..

Please return the charges..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

[Inclosure.]

Charges and specification preferred by Major General T. J. Jackson, P. A. C. S., against Brigadier General W. W. Loring, P. A. C. S..

CHARGE I. Neglect of duty..

Specification 1. In this, that Brigadier General W. W. Loring, P. A. C. S., did fail to be with his command and see that it was properly encamped.

