
condition, humanity and the customs of the service require their common superior to give it his most serious consideration..

1st specification of 2nd CHARGE. I have no recollection of the occurrence here stated. My staff officer, who was with me all that day, assures me that it did not take place. I do recollect perfectly that my command was kept standing in the road for several hours on the 2nd, in order to allow General Jackson's old brigade to keep in advance; also owing to the mismanagement, for which none of my command was responsible, the baggage wagons, with food, tents, and bedding, did not reach camp that night, and also that the command, without any cause known to me, was kept shivering in their camp on the 3rd for a long time. It is quite possible that my just indignation for this utter disregard for human suffering found expression in words. I do not recollect it..

The 2nd specification has already been answered..

Should this reply be deemed not satisfactory, I respectfully request that a court-martial be ordered to ascertain the merits of the case..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. W. LORING,.

Brigadier-General..

RICHMOND, VA., February 13, 1862.

Brigadier General S. R. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Your brigade has been ordered to Aquia Creek, except Maney's regiment, which has been ordered to East Tennessee..

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War..

RICHMOND, VA., February 14, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia, Centreville, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 5th instant. While I admit the propriety in all cases of transmitting orders through you to those under your command, it is not surprising that the Secretary of War should, in a case requiring prompt action, have departed from this the usual method, in view of the fact that he had failed more than once in having his instructions carried our when forwarded to you in the proper manner..

You will remember that you were directed, on account of the painful reports received at the War Department in relation to the command at Romney, to repair to that place, and after the needful examination to give the orders proper in the case. You sent your adjutant [inspector] general, and I am informed that he went no farther than Winchester, to which point the commander of the expedition had withdrawn, leaving the troops for whom anxiety had been excited at Romney. Had you given your personal attention to the case, you must be assured that the confidence reposed in you would have prevented the secretary from taking any action before your report had been received. In the absence of such security he was further moved by what was deemed reliable information that a large force of the enemy was concentrating to capture the force at Romney, and by official report that the place had no natural strength and little strategic importance..

To insure concert of action in the defense of our Potomac frontier, it was thought best to place all the force for this object under one com-

