
Retain any of the artillery of General Loring's command you may think necessary..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

P. S.- What number of troops do you think necessary in your district during the winter? How many do you suppose the enemy has upon your frontier?

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LEWISBURG,.

Lewisburg, Va., February 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to certain statements made to me in reference to improving the navigation of the James and Jackson's Rivers from Buchanan to Covington. I am informed by reliable persons that the capacity of the Virginia Central Railroad for transportation is already greatly diminished. This diminution must increase. The James River and Kanawha Company agree, I am informed, to put these rivers in condition for navigation if they can get $15,000 advanced to them by the Government, to be deducted in tolls..

An army must be sent to this section of the country very soon. The supplies are now hauled from Jackson's River to this point. By completing bateau navigation to Covington I have 9 miles less hauling, which alone will counterbalance the loan, in addition to the great saving of expense in water over land carriage..

By this arrangement an entirely new country will be opened, from which I could draw a large amount of supplies. Grain is already scarce in this section of the country. Unless the James and Jackson's Rivers are made navigable up to Covington, in addition to the transportation of commissary supplies, ordnance, &amp;c., over the Virginia Central Railroad, I will be compelled to transport the heavy item of forage from counties adjacent to the Virginia Central Railroad, when this forage should go to Eastern Virginia, where it is so much needed..

I write by this mail to Colonel Ellis, the president of the James River and Kanawha Company, requesting him to confer with you on the subject and make proposals for completing bateau navigation from Buchanan to Covington..

By order of General H. Heth, commanding..

I am, sir, very respectfully,.

R. H. FINNEY,.

Assistant Adjutant-General..

RICHMOND, February 15, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville:.

Order Major General [E.] Kirby Smith to report here immediately for assignment to other duties. I am sory to deprive you of him, but the urgency of the service compels me. You will have additional general officers appointed for your army in a very few days. Answer..

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War..

68 R R-VOL V.

