
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 48. February 15, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. H. Anderson, P. A. C. S., will report to Major General J. Longstreet, commanding Second Division, for duty with a South Carolina brigade..

* * * * *

By command of General Johnston:.

A. P. MASON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Centreville, February 16, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:.

SIR: I have received information from a highly respectable source that Major General G. W. Smith is to be ordered to East Tennessee. Permit me to avail myself of a privilege once given to address you directly on this subject, one, in my opinion of high importance to this army, and therefore so to the Confederacy..

This army is far weaker now than it has ever been since July 20, 1861. It has lost lately General Beauregard, Major-general Van Dorn, and five brigadier-generals. The law granting furloughs and bounty for re-enlistment has done much to disorganize it, and the furloughs given under the orders of the War Department have greatly reduced its numerical strength. More than half of it serving under the two distinguished officers first mentioned has had its efficiency impaired by their removal. More than half the remainder would be similarly affected in spirit by the loss of Major General G. W. Smith. He is an officer of great ability, and has carefully studied our position. He is necessary here as the commander of the main body; for the necessity of defending our batteries on the Potomac, the threatening position of the troops on the opposite side of that river, and of those near Alexandria have compelled me to divide this army into two bodies. The principal one here requires such a man as Major-General Smith to direct it. It is a much larger one, and it seems to me far more important, requiring greater ability than that to be formed near Knoxville. I therefore earnestly suggest that he be permitted to remain..

We cannot retreat from this point without heavy loss. If we are beaten, this army will be broken up, and Virginia, at least, lost. General Smith's continuance here will diminish the chances against us.l I cannot exercise this special command, having, besides Leesburg, a front of more than 20 miles to the right to observe. Having no competent staff, I must depend much, very much, upon the officers who command here and near the Potomac. The Secretary of War has relieved upon the season to prevent action by the enemy. He controls the water, however, and can move on the Potomac as easily now as in midsummer, and a few days of cold would make the ground as firm as in that season..

The want of general officers is felt the more in this army because a very large proportion of the field officers are absent, sick..

The importance of this subject to the army is my apology for bringing it to your excellency's notice. I regard Major General G. W. Smith as absolutely necessary to this army, and have written in the hope of convincing you of the fact..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

