
Availing myself of your permission, I will retain Shumaker's battery; the other troops will leave for their respective destinations, via the railroad, except those directed to proceed to Manassas. They will march via Snicker's Gap..

The enemy, under General Lander, after taking possession of Bloomery Gap, on the morning of the 14th instant fell back, with the exception of some cavalry, to Paw Paw. I have reason to believe that he commands about 12,000 troops, scattered along the frontier of the district and west of Williamsport, his main force being at Paw Paw. So long as the communications by railroad with the west remain unbroken, he can supply himself from that direction. From information received he is reconstructing the railroad bridge over the Big Cacapon. From last accounts the Federal forces had left New Creek and the mouth of Patterson's Creek; their movements are towards Morgan County. Things are quiet along the frontier of Berkeley and Jefferson Counties. I have no satisfactory means of estimating the number of the enemy between Hancock and the Blue Ridge..

There should not be less than 9,000 troops under my command, for Lander may concentrate all his command at Paw Paw, seize Bloomery Pass, and by a graded road advance on this place. You know how Banks could co-operate in such a movement from Williamsport and even by Harper's Ferry..

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General..

WINCHESTER, VA., February 18, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:.

GENERAL: I have received information that their is below Washington another brigade besides Sickles', and that they are provided with pontoon trains, by which they can cross their artillery and other force in about four hours, and that they design doing so in the night at three or four different points, and that the first favorable night is the time fixed upon; that the crossing is to be followed by the occupation of Fredericksburg..

The First Tennessee leaves for Knoxville at dawn to-morrow morning; would have left this morning, but I thought it best not to move until something could be heard respecting the time when the cars could receive them, as the weather has been very bad and the troops are comfortable in their present position, and are within a day's march of Strasburg..

To-morrow at 10 a. m. the First Georgia will leave, and the regiments for General Holmes will move in time for their railroad transportation, as there is no evidence of an immediate move on this place..

I do not attach much importance to the information respecting the crossing of the Potomac below you, but I have felt it my duty to make mention of it. The information is that the crossing is to be at night..

The troops for Manassas can leave at any time via Snicker's Gap, as the boats now there will transport 250 infantry per trip; but unless I received further instructions from you I will keep them, as you directed, until after the regiments for the Aquia District leave..

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General..

