
fork, enabling him to choose the road to Dublin via the mouth of East River and Giles Court-House, or the road leading to Wytheville. A successful advance on either of the above routes places him in command of the Virginia and Tennessee River and Kanawha turnpike, threatening Lewisburg, the White Sulphur Springs, Covington, and the Virginia Central Railroad at its present terminus-Jackson's River..

My opinion is that the enemy will make simultaneously a movement on both of the above lines. The force defending the approaches to Lewisburg can be of no assistance to that defending the roads leading to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, separated, as they will be, by a distance of from 60 to 80 miles, with a high range of mountains intervening. Our force in this district consists of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry (Jenifer's) and the Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment, guarding the approaches to the Virginia and Tennessee, and the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment (Patton's) at this place, numbering, all told, about 1,500 men. The enemy can, by steamboats, throw any amount of force he sees proper, or has disposable, to his depot at Gauley Bridge. To resist successfully an advance, an adequate force must be sent to protect these two lines..

Here it becomes my duty to mention a fact which only a sense of duty dictates. The people of this country show an indifference to its fate which amounts almost to apathy. A few weeks since, when Lewisburg was threatened by and advancing foe, with orders to burn, if they could not hold, the town, only two men of some 300 able to bear arms joined the regiment that advanced to defend their homes..

My plan for defending the two lines above referred to is this: As soon as I can procure the necessary tools I propose throwing up field works some 6 or 8 miles in advance of Lewisburg. I shall pursue the same policy on the approaches to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I hope that this plan will give confidence to the community; it will certainly give them the opportunity of having points on which they can rally for the defense of their hearth-stones. I regret at this time, when every available regiment is required for the defense of points actually threatened, to make a call on the Department for troops. The day on which the enemy will commence a forward movements will be determined supply by the condition of the roads. I do not wish to be understood that there is an immediate necessity for additional troops in this country. The roads, which are now in very bad condition, are usually passable by the 1st of April. Anticipating by that time re-enforcements, I shall make the necessary arrangements, throwing forward supplies on the James River and Kanawha turnpike and on the approaches to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I shall attempt, through the influential men of both sections, to arouse the people to a sense of their danger and the necessity of aiding in defending their homes..

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

H. HETH,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding..

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 56. February 21, 1862.

I. Major General E. K. Smith is relieved from duty with this department, and will proceed to Richmond and report to the Secretary of War..

