
II. Major General R. S. Ewell will assume command of the Third Division Army of the Potomac..

By command of General Johnston:.

A. P. MASON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS, Manassas, February 22, 1862.

His EXCELLENCY:.

Mr. PRESIDENT: The condition of the country is even worse now than I described it to be and rain is falling fast. I fear that field artillery near the Potomac cannot be moved soon..

The enemy may not allow us much time for changes of position. He has been more active than usual lately. It is reported that a picket of 8 men was captured this morning near Fairfax Court-House. Reconnaissances on the Lower Occoquan and on the Potomac have been frequent, the latter in balloons as well as boats. Two of the three guns at Cockpit Point are busted; one (a rifle) partially..

Let me suggest, most respectfully, that several general officers are required here. I have repeatedly reported the fact to the War Department. I beg you also to have orders expedited for the assignment of engineer officers to my command. It is of great importance that their services should commence immediately..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

CENTREVILLE, February 23, 1862.

His EXCELLENCY:.

Mr. PRESIDENT: In the present condition of the country the orders you have given me cannot be executed promptly, if at all. Well-mounted officers from the neighborhood of Dumfries report that they could travel no faster than at the rate of 12 miles in 6 1/2 hours..

I believe that the guns on the Potomac have very little effect. Vessels pass the batteries at night without much damage..

The matter which you wished to keep secret was reported at Dumfries by an officer who left Richmond on Thursday. I was informed of it in the train within 20 miles of Richmond as under discussion in the Cabinet. Major-General Jackson reported on the 20th and on the 21st that there are indication of an advance upon Winchester by the road from Bloomery Pass, north of Romney. The railroad has been repaired to Hancock, so that Lander and Williams have easy communication. Upon a similar report a week ago he was authorized to retain the Virginia regiments formerly under Brigadier-General Loring's command..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

[WINCHESTER VA.,] February 24, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:.

GENERAL: First Lieutenant James K. Boswell, of the Provisional Engineers, is directed to report to me for duty. I have plenty of work.

