
strutting works, removing forests, &amp;c., to make a stand. Though you directed me some time since to fall back in the event of yourself or General Hill's doing so, yet as in your letter of the 5th instant you say "delay the enemy as long as you can," I have felt justified in remaining here for the present..

And now, general, that Hill has fallen back, can you not send him over here? I greatly need such an officer; one who can be sent off as occasion may offer against an exposed detachment of the enemy for the purpose of capturing it. But his command is mostly needed for holding the valley, and I believe that if you can spare Hill,a nd let him move here at once, you will never have any occasion to regret it. The very idea of re-enforcements coming to Winchester would, I think, be a damper to the enemy, in addition to the fine effect that would by produced on our own troops, who are already in fine spirits. But if you cannot spare Hill, can you not send me some other troops? If we cannot be successful in defeating the enemy should he advance, a kind Providence may enable us to inflict a terrible would and effect a safe retreat in the event of having to fall back. I will keep myself on the alert with respect to the communications between us, so as to be able to join you at the earliest possible moment, if such a movement becomes necessary..

Re-enlisting and recruiting progress encouragingly..

Very truly, your friend,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General..

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 9, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:.

GENERAL: I met the courier on the road, about a mile from Groveton, at 2.30. Opened the dispatch and read it..

Longstreet will not get beyond Broad Run to-night, and I will not get to Warrenton. I regret this the less because we will be within better supporting distance of Manassas..

Yours, truly,.

G. W. SMITH..

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICER,.

Numbers 54. Richmond, March 8, 1862.

* * * * *

XIII. The following Tennessee regiments Provisional Army, viz, First, Colonel Turney; Seventh, Colonel Hatton; Fourteenth, Colonel Forbes, will constitute a brigade, under Brigadier General S. R. Anderson, who will proceed to Evansport and assume command of the brigade..

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:.

JNO. WITHERS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General..

WARRENTON, March 9, 1862-8.30 p. m..

Brigadier General HILL,.

Commanding Troops on Warrenton and White Plains Road:.

GENERAL: General Johnston directed me to inform you as soon as you were in close proximity to this column that you and your command were attached temporarily to the division of Major-General Longstreet,.

