
and would report accordingly. I suppose General Longstreet to be now in bivouac on the turnpike from here to Centreville, somewhere in the vicinity of Broad Run. I think it important for you to receive instructions from him to-night, as my train is beyond this place, my troops not yet up be several miles. General Longstreet's train is intended to be placed to-morrow in rear of my troops, and to avoid confusion there should be a definite understanding in advance. Our train is behaving badly; troubles and difficulties by the million; plenty of room for improvement, but no great promise of it..

Hopin to see you soon, and rejoicing that we are likely to be thrown more together in future, I remain, as of old, your friend,.

G. W. SMITH..

MARCH 10, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville, Va.:

Further assurance given to me this day that you shall be promptly and adequately re-enforced, so as to enable you to maintain your position and resume first policy when the roads will permit..

JEFFERSON DAVIS..

WARRENTON SPRINGS, March 10, 1862-11 p. m..

Brigadier General D. H. HILL, on road from Warrenton to Sperryville:.

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your note of 8 p. m. is received. I am fairly launched on a sea of mud. Had great difficulty to-day in crossing a weak and shaky bridge. The rear of my division crossed about 8 o'clock, and we are camped on the right bank of the North Fork of the Rappahannock. I am glad you have a turnpike. The road is said to be very bad; some good judges say it is impracticable; it may be, but we will get through safely, I hope, in good time. At any rate can't turn back now even if I wished to..

Yours, truly,.

G. W. SMITH..

RICHMOND, March 11, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES, Brooke's Station:.

GENERAL: Mr. Daniel, president of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, has been advised by the Secretary of War to cause that part of the road between Aquia Creek and Fredericksburg to be broken up and the rails removed to some place of safety..

You are requested to give such facilities in men and means as may be in your power to accomplish this object..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General..

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1862.

General T. H. HOLMES, Fredericksburg, Va.:

Remove all your heavy guns and munitions, preserving in front only such light rifle guns as could be readily withdrawn on approach of enemy..

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War..

