
RICHMOND, March 16, 1862.

General T. H. HOLMES, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: In answer to your letter of the 14th, respecting the militia called out by the recent proclamation of the governor of Virginia, I have to state that is is the intention of the governor to use them for the purpose, either by draft or voluntary enrollment, to fill up the maximum organization of the several companies of the Virginia regiments now in service. In the mean time you can make use of such as have reported to you in such manner as your necessities may require..

The Government will proceed as rapidly as possible to arm volunteers engaged for the war, but cannot undertake to furnish arms to the militia serving as such..

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,.

S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General..

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,.

March 17, 1862.

S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that from reliable sources I have information that the enemy beyond this, in the vicinity of Beverly, at Cheat Mountain, and other points, do not exceed about 3,000 in number. It is reported further that the transportation of their supplies is exceedingly difficult, by reason of the condition of the roads, and that their provisions are running short. They have recently-within the last two or three weeks-made raids into Pendleton County for the purpose of plundering..

Although they have spoken and still speak of a move in this direction, I hardly think they will attempt if for the present..

If it is in contemplation to move this command, may I request timely intimation of it?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

E. JOHNSTON,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding..

RICHMOND, VA., March 17, 1862.

General T. H. HOLMES,.

Commanding Aquia District, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 17th instant has been received. Should General Johnston have selected no place for the depot on your line, I would designate the junction of the Central and Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroads as a convenient position to which to send back your surplus stores. A portion of these stores by railroad could from this point, if required, be sent to General Johnston's army, for which, I understand from your letter, they were originally intended. Some shelter could doubtless be procured at the Junction and other provided. In my former letter, on the subject of drawing stores from the exposed country in your front, it was intended to draw your attention to the matter if stores were required. It was not intended for you to accumulate more than you could consume or take care of, and was based upon.

