
per annum less in November than in October-a difference which, if secured in civil life, would make the fortune of an insurance company..

Important information is being constantly received from the inspectors hospitals as to all matters relating to the comfort and health of the troops, thus affording opportunities for correcting errors and irregularities wherever they may be found to exist. A satisfactory progress has been made in improving the sanitary condition of the Army of the Potomac, and there is no reason to fear that this progress will not continue to be made until the health of this army will be such as will leave nothing to be desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

CHAS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Surg. General C. A. FINLEY, U. S. A.

AUGUST 18, 1861.-Scout to Accotink and skirmish at Pohick Church, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Captain William H. Boyd, First New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 18, 1861.

The company of Lincoln [First New York] Cavalry sent out this morning met a party of the enemy's cavalry at Pohick Church, about 12 miles from here, numbering about 20. They charged the enemy, scattered them in all directions, and wounded two of them. One of our men was killed, and 2 are missing, who were thrown from their horses.

The enemy's horses far outstripped ours, so that no prisoners could be made. I have learned nothing definite about Springfield. Our scouts were 1 1/2 miles from there last night. Saw their pickets; so there is no doubt that they are there. General Kearny thinks the force there is a variable one. So report his scouts.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding..

Major S. WILLIAMS.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William H. Boyd, First New York Cavalry.

CAMP ELIZABETH, Alexandria, Va., August 18, 1861.

SIR: Your orders of this a. m., "to proceed on a scout down the Mount Vernon road and vicinity of Accotink, to capture, if possible, 27 cavalry of the enemy," have, as far as circumstances would permit, been obeyed. At about 10 o'clock a. m., accompanied by Lieutenant Gibson, Second Dragoons, U. S. Army, Lieutenant Hanson, Dr. Her-

8 R R-VOL V .

