
the very contrary of what has occurred. I deplore the disaster which has occurred, but am not in the least responsible for it. I beg that in future you will notify me of any movement under your orders on the lines you have left me to defend.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General FLOYD, Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S.-My camp is severely disabled by measles, and I send you a

copy of a report, by Colonel richardson, of the reduced condition of his regiment, the best under my command. I also send to you a copy of a report, made to me by Colonel Henningsen, showing the necessity of keeping my whole force for the present in position on this turnpike, and of watching the advance of the enemy on the Chestnutburg road. I respectfully submit whether I shall move a regiment to Carnifix Ferry. I will await your further orders, feeling, as I do, the necessity of keeping all my remaining force here.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosures.]
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT INFANTRY, WISE'S BRIGADE,Camp Dogwood, Va., August 26, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the remnant of my command will be ready to move to-morrow morning by 9 o'clock. I regret that I have to offer an excuse for my regiment, but really think that it is not advisable to send it off crippled as it is. If it should be called into action in its present condition the result might not prove satisfactory, and I feel that I should be censurable if I did not report these facts. I wish the command to do itself credit, and do not doubt that it will do so under any circumstances, but think it best just to give it a trial at first in its original strength. I beg leave herewith to submit the actual strength of my regiment, as per report of the company commanders: Company A, 39; Company B, 47; Company C, 29; Company D, 41; Company E, 19; Company F, 47; Company G, 30; Company H, 39; Company I, 41; Company K, 39, amounting in the aggregate to 371 effective men a little upwards of one-third of the whole command, the measles daily reducing the ranks at the rate of at least 25 a day. According to the report of the surgeon of the regiment, it is owing to exposure and fatigue incident to rapid and forced marches. I have presented these facts as a matter of duty, and offer them for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. RICHARDSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-sixth Reg't, P. A. C. S., Commanding First Inf., W. B.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE.

CAMP AT DOGWOOD GAP, VA.,

August 26, 1861.

GENERAL: In your dispatch of this morning your order me to maintain my position at Dogwood Gap, as the best to cover the turnpike, and as the best from which to move to the support of General Floyd. .

