
and scattered." A good many missing, but thinks the casualties not great. Expects them all in. Has orders in full to hold his position at Gauley. Thinks he can do it. Enemy estimated at from 5,000 to 10,000. Am moving down all available force to Sutton. Will have fifty-five companies there by to-morrow evening. Expect to attack the enemy on Friday or Saturday, and crush his column, if possible, at or near Summerville.

ROSECRANS.

AUGUST 28-30, 1861.-Skirmishers near Baile's Corners (or Cross-Roads) Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major Stephen G. Champlin, Third Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Louis Dillman, Second Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Letter of commendation from General McCllelan to Major Champlin.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Stephen G. Champlin, Third Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Hunter's Chapel, August 30, 1861.

I have the honor to report that this morning, while reconnoitering from the top of Mrs. Hunter's house, the enemy was observed to send off from the top of the hill lying north of Baile's Corners two companies of infantry, who numbered about 200 men, who were marched in the direction of our pickets, station northeast of Baile's Corners for Baile's Corners, to inform Captain Dillman and take steps for defense. I found that Captain Dillman was acquainted with the movement of the enemy.

A few moments after my arrival about 100 of the enemy attacked our pickets on the right side of the road, and occupying the Bailey outhouse and premises adjoining. An attack was also made on our line of pickets, extending as far as the first house on the direct road from Arlington Mill to Bailey's Corners. The pickets returned to fire and retreated back on Captain Dillman's command and upon the reserve stationed half way from Arlington Mill to Bailey's Corners. I directed Captain Dillman to march one company of his men on the table-land to his right to a point opposite the enemy in the woods and deeply them as skirmishers, advance them across the road, and engaged the enemy on their flank, while I brought up and engaged the enemy's front with the reserve stationed half way to the mill, under command of Lieutenant-Morris, and also with a portion of Captain Judd's command, stationed near Arlington Mill. The order was exectured, and the enemy retreated before the skirmishers, and would not and did not wait an engagement. Our pickets were re-established, and the forces of both sides are again in the same position they respectively occupied this morning. Our loss none [killed]; wounded, 1 or 2 slightly. The enemy were observed to carry off 3 of their own men, who were either killed or wounded.

Throughout the whole of this affair both officers and men behaved with great coolness and bravery, and I think the retreat was timely.

