
for the enemy, for had they waited the advance, they must have been repulsed with considerable loss.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c., your obedient servant,.

S. G. CHAMPLIN,

Major, Commanding Special Detachment.

Colonel I. B. RICHARDSON, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Louis Dillman, Second Michigan Infantry.

CAMP SECOND MICHIGAN, REG'T, NEAR ARLINGTON,

September 3, 1861.

On Thursday, August 28, in compliance with your order of same date, I left Hunter's Chapel with a detachment of 250 men from the Second Michigan Regiment for Baile's Cross-roads, to occupy and hold the same against the encroachments of the enemy's forces in that vicinity. I reached the Cross-Roads at 11 a. m., and at once threw out pickets on the line shown by the map accompanying this report.* the rebel pickets opened their fire at once, and kept it up until about 10 p. m., ceasing at that time until daylight next morning, when it was again opened by them quite briskly along the whole line, but with no return from our pickets. Emboldened by our silence, a detachment of about 80 men was sent out from their camp, apparently with the intention of driving in pickets on the right of my line, thus cutting off all communication with the headquarters of the regiment. In this sally they were partially successful. The pickets were driven from their posts, but, rallying, and being supported by a detachment of 40 skirmishers hurriedly thrown out, under Captain Humphrey, the rebels were checked and driven back, with a loss of 6 or 8 killed and wounded.

The firing was kept up from both sides through the day with considerable effect from our side, the enemy carrying off some twelve men killed and wounded. Dankness closed the firing, to be reopened at daylight the next (Sunday) morning. It commenced on the left, an gradually worked along to the right until the whole line was warmly engaged. The firing continued though the day with but little intermission. The enemy were seen to carry a number off the field. Our loss was 1 wounded-a private in Company G. He has since died from the effect of the wound.

Sunday but little firing, except morning and evening.

Monday the same.

Two privates of Company D-J. Austin and P. F. Walworth-straying from camp, passed through the enemy's lines and up to within some forty rods of the rear of their earthwork on Munson's Hill. Seeing two rebels near, they watched their chance, each picked his man, fired, and brought him to the ground. They returned safely to camp. They report seeing about 500 men around the works. There were not tents in sight, but some twelve or fifteen wagons and two pieces of artillery were lying on the busy looking over their maps and charts.

In concluding this report, allow me to say of the officers and men under my charge that they behaved as soldiers, were cool in their de-

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

