
portment, willingly and cheerfully performed every duty assigned them, and were found ever faithful at their posts. That we were able to keep up a continued skirmish of five days with the loss of but one man attests sufficiently to the general good conduct and faithfulness of both officers and men.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

L. DILLMAN,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Second Reg't Mich. Infantry.

General RICHARDSON.

Numbers 3. Letter of commendation from General McClellan to Major Champlin.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, September 5, 1861.

GENERAL: Major General McClellan has received Major S. G. Champlin's report of his reconnaissance and skirmish on the 30th ultimo. The general is much pleased with Major Champlin's dispositions on the occasion, which he deems eminently proper, and he desires you to convey his thanks to Major Champlin for the efficient manner in which this service was performed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General I. B. RICHARDSON, Commanding Brigade, &c.

AUGUST 31, 1861.-Skirmish at Munson's Hill, on Little River Turnpike, Va.

Report of Colonel George W. Taylor, Third New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP OF THE THIRD REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,

Bivouac at Intersection, September 2, 1861.

GENERAL: The pickets of the enemy having for some time been extremely annoying to our outposts on the Little River turnpike and on the road leading from thence to Chestnut Hill, I decided on making a reconnaissance in person, with a small force, with the view of cutting them off. Accordingly I marched with 40 men, volunteers, from two companies of my regiment, on the morning of the 31st august, at 3 a. m., and keeping to the woods, arrived soon after daylight at or near the point (a little beyond) at which I desired to strike the road and cut them off. Here we were obliged to cross a fence and a narrow corn field, where the enemy, who had doubtless dogged our approach through the woods, lay in considerable force. While in the corn we were suddenly opened upon by a rapid and sharp fire, which our men, whenever they got sight of the enemy, returned with much spirit. Scarce two minutes elapsed when I found 3 men close to me had been shot down. The enemy being mostly hid, I deemed it prudent to order my men to fall back to the woods, distant about 30 yards, which I did. At the same time I ordered enough to remain with me to carry off the wounded, but they did not hear or heed my order except two. With these we got.

