
when General Floyd's adjutant put into my hands another note, of September 1, saying that it was doubtful whether the movement of the enemy required the union of my force with his, and I would retain my force in camp (meaning at Dogwood) until further orders.

To this note was also added a sneering order at Colonel Henningsen, my senior colonel of infantry, too small to be indited here. Justly vexed at this vacillation of command, I ordered my men back immediately, and announced to them my resolution to take Hawk's Nest, without delay, in order to command Liken's Mill (to grind wheat and corn for them) and Miller's Ferry (to communicate with Generals Chapman and Beckley), and take possession of Cotton Hill, south side of New River. It was night before I reached Dogwood Camp, and my men were weary, and some of my wagons broken down. I therefore rested my men for the night, waited for the wagons, and, on the morning of the 2nd, marched for the Hawk's Nest. Between hamilton's and that point we met their pickets, who retired. We paused to refresh and scouted ahead. In that pause some of our men were fired upon at McGraw's Bridge, over Honey Creek. Dinner over, I advanced, taking command of the advance guard in person, in order to look to untried men, who had never been under fire before. At about dusk, with one company, I cautiously reached the bridge, and just then the enemy opened a hot fire, for a very short time, upon us. The guard were disturbed a moment by the horse of Captain Swank, who was in advance with me, but Captain Summers, of the guard, rallied them in a moment, and, at a word form me, they advanced firmly, returning the fire, and, rushing over, as the column advanced, we swept the field on the right, the river guarding our left. It turned out to be a force of from 30 to 50 of the enemy, who fled at our approach, and disappeared in bushes and darkness. But 2 of our men were wounded, and they slightly. I the halted, posted guards, and slept on arms. Then I found the true position of the enemy. From the Hawk's Nest the turnpike leads, first, over Turkey Creek, then over Honey or McGraw's Creek, all emptying into New River, and heading with Rich Creek, and emptying into Gauley, thus:

Map..

