
Colonel Tompkins begs me to apply to you, too, to have his regiment and himself transferred to my Legion. I earnestly urge his request, that they be incorporated with my independent command. I do not wish them if they are merely to be attached. If incorporated General Floyd will have added or attached to his command McCausland's and I will have incorporated Tompkin's regiment with mine. Thus let us divide the balance of State forces, and then let us part in pease. I feel, if we remain together, we will unite in more wars than one. I will try to be patient and peaceable, as you command, but I lay these facts before you, sir, and appeal to a soldier's pride and sense of honor.

With the highest respect, yours, faithfully,

HENRY A. WISE.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S.-The enemy now in the valley and adjacent parts is 5,800 strong, and has the measles badly. He cannot fight more than 5,000 probably.

THURSDAY MORNING, September 6, 1861.

Captain R. A. Caskie has just arrived from the other side of the New River, and reports having heard from the enemy, through persons (ladies) who had been permitted to visit their camp an pass through to a funeral, that one shot from the howitzer, which took effect on an old house, killed and wounded 60 who had been stationed therein. It is very certain that one gun did very good execution.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1861.-Skirmish at Great Falls, Md.

Report of Brigadier General George A. McCall, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE,Camp Tennally, September 5, 1861.

GENERAL: In relation to my command, I have the honor to report that the enemy having opened fire on the Seventh Infantry of this brigade at Great Falls at 8.30 a. m. yesterday, with two 24-pounder howitzers and three rifle cannon, it was ascertained that out guns did not reach their position (the entrenchment in rear of Dickey's house, already reported), and Colonel Harvey having reported these facts to me, I immediately sent forward two rifle cannon and the Eighth Infantry to support the Seventh, but afterwards recalled the Eighth, as instructed. At 11 o'clock, however, the Eighth was again put in motion. I afterwards learned that the enemy, after throwing about 50 shells and shot, mostly too high, ceased firing at 11 a. m., which up to 5 p. m. had not bee resumed. I have as yet received no report of later date. My brigade was kept ready to move during the day and night.

The work on the redoubt will probably be furnished to-day. One gun is mounted, and should the pintles arrive to-day I hope to have them all mounted. Will you please order a 20-pounder rifle gun for this work.

Colonel Campbell desires that two companies of his regiment of artillery now encamped in rear of the Capitol be sent here, as we have ample drill ground, and I rather approve his request, as the Sixth Regiment, recently removed from that camp, has suffered greatly from typhoid fever, no doubt contracted there..

