
Since the above was written I have received Colonel Harvey's report up to 7 a. m. He had received two rifle guns from General Banks besides those I sent. The enemy had thrown up another small earth-work, but had not opened upon our position since 11 a. m. yesterday. His guns were still in position.

With great respect, your obedient servant,.

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding..

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Commanding, &amp;c.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1861.-Engagement at Carnifix Ferry, Gauley River, West Virginia.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Occupation.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Henry W. Benham, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 3.- Colonel William H. Lytle, Tenth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Captain James D. Wallance, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel William S. Smith, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Robert L. McCook, Ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles Sondershoff, Ninth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Colonel Frederick Poschner, Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Captain F. Schambeck, Chicago Dragoons.

Numbers 12.-Colonel Eliakim P. Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 13.-Colonel Hugh Ewing, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 14.-Return of casualties in Union forces.

Numbers 15.-Brigadier General John B. Floyd, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the Kanawha, and response of the Secretary of War.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army, covering the operations of his command from June to September 25.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Occupation, West Virginia.

CAMP SCOTT, September 11, 1861-p. m.

We yesterday marched 17 1/2 miles, reached the enemy's entrenched position in front of Carnifix Ferry, driving his advanced outposts and pickets before us. We found him occupying a strongly entrenched position, covered by a forest too dense to admit its being seen at a distance of 300 yards. His force was five regiments, besides the one driven in. He had probably sixteen pieces of artillery.

At 3 o'clock we began a strong reconnaissance, which proceeded to such length we were about to assault the position on the flank and front, when, night coming on and our troops being completely exhausted, I drew them out of the woods and posted them in the order of battle behind ridges immediately in front of the enemy's position, where they rested on their arms till morning. .

