
possible to communicate with Colonel J. W. Lowe, the left wing was pushed forward to the enemy's right and the attack there made-the Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, under Colonel W. S. Smith, to our left, and the artillery to our right. Finding but little effect could be made on the enemy from this position, Adjutant Pauly was sent to your to notify yo of our position and subject to your order. Afterwards I reported to you in person for orders, in the mean time keeping up a fire on the enemy when he discovered himself above the breastworks. Still later Adjutant Pauly reported to you for orders, when we were attached to the Thirteenth and Twenty-eighth Regiments, under Colonels Smith and Moor, to attack the enemy on his extreme right, of which movement Colonel Smith will report. The movements and operations of the right wing will be reported to you by senior Captain J. D. Wallace, who assumed command after Colonel J. W. Lowe was killed.

Respectfully submitted.

C. B. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment Ohio Vols.

Brigadier-General BENHAM.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain James D. Wallace, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP SCOTT, September 13, 1861.

SIR: On the 10th instant the Twelfth Ohio Regiment, commanded by Colonel J. W. Lowe, advanced through an old encampment on its way to the battle-field at this point. An order was given by Captain Hartsuff, of General Rosecrans' staff, to advance through the woods towards the enemy's fire. The right wing the regiment, viz, Companies A, F, K, and E, advanced through the woods, under the command of Colonel Lowe, towards the enemy's fire, and in front of one of his batteries we crossed the fence of a corn field, entered the field, and were ordered by Colonel Lowe to deploy to the right,a nd advance through the field towards some houses. The order was obeyed. Colonel Lowe had advanced but a few steps when he was killed.

Up to this time I received all orders from Colonel Lowe. After his death I took command of the right wing, and advanced towards the enemy's breastworks. I sheltered the men in the best manner I could. I sent Lieutenant Fisher, of company A, to General Rosecrans for orders. I was directed through the general's order to advance to the right and front of the enemy's breastworks. I obeyed the order, crossed a by-road, and halted within easy musket-shot of their works at the edge of the woods. I directed the fire of the rifles at the enemy whenever he exposed himself. I directed the fire of the rifles at the enemy wherever he exposed himself. Discovering our fire was ineffectual, as the enemy sheltered behind their works, I ordered the fire to cease, and sheltered the men in the woods from the enemy's fire. I again sent for orders, and received through our adjutant, Lieutenant Pauly, an order from the commanding general to advance farther to the right. My command passed through the woods, crossed a hollow, and ascended to the right of the enemy's flag-staff, passing through a thick growth of underbrush until we arrived near the top of the hill, and distant about 50 feet from their breastworks, when the enemy delivered a severe fire, at the same time screening themselves behind the breastworks. The .

