
men lay flat on the ground. Being unsupported, and finding I could effect nothing there (the enemy having fired a second volley at us), I withdrew the men, and formed them under the hill, at which place I received an order from Lieutenant-Colonel White to join the left wing of the regiment under his command. I obeyed the order, and advanced to the main road below our batteries, where I was ordered by one of your staff to halt my command on the side of the road to await further orders, which I did. I did not see the left wing of the regiment until evening, nor do I personally know how or why the regiment was separated.

Respectfully submitted.

J. D. WALLACE,

Captain, Commanding Company A, Twelfth Regiment.

Brigadier-General BENHAM.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel William S. Smith, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH REG'T O. V. INFANTRY,Camp Scott, Va., September 11, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the part taken by my regiment in the action near Carnifix Ferry yesterday:

At about 11 o'clock a. m. on the 10th instant, a general halt of the whole column having been ordered at a point about 2 1/2 miles distant from the enemy's intrenchments, my regiment was ordered to General Benham to form in line of battle behind the crest of a hill on the right flank of the position then being occupied by the Second and Third Brigades, it having appeared that they were about to be attacked. My line was just deployed when I received an order from General Rosecrans to move forward, which I did, taking my place in line according to our previous order to march, the Tenth Ohio, McMullin's battery, my own section of two rifle cannon, and yourself, with Gilmore's and West's cavalry, leading in their order. We closed upon the head of the column, and marched thus until we had reached a point within two-thirds of a mile of the enemy's position, when I was again halted by an order from the rear.

We remained halted in this position for about ten minutes, and until the enemy opened fire upon the head of our column. I was then ordered to move forward, which I did, until I was induced by the heavy firing apparently on our right to move in that direction with my regiment until my line was fairly deployed, when I received an order from General Benham to move forward to the left. My regiment was then moved forward by the left flank down the ravine to our left running nearly parallel with the enemy's front, then up the right-hand slope until I saw the works of the enemy from my position at the head of my regiment.

I then moved to the left along the skirt of the woods in front of the enemy's line, and about 200 yards from it, until I reached his extreme right flank, moving all the while behind the summit of the hill which sheltered it from his fire. The enemy's line from his battery at the center to the right flank was completely revealed to us during this.

