
said of my whole regiment, which was kept in perfect order throughout the day.*

Respectfully submitted.

W. S. SMITH,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment O. V. I.

Lieutenant JAMES O. STANAGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Robert L. McCook, Ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE A. O. W. V.,Camp Cox, September 21, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of the Second Brigade, in relation to the action at Carnifix Ferry on the 10th instant:

In the afternoon of that day, whilst the Second and Third Brigades were halted east of the forks of the Summersville and Cross-Lanes roads, firing was heard in the direction of the supposed fortifications of the enemy. By order of the general commanding, I formed the Second Brigade in line of battle east of the forks of the road, covering the hills on either side of the Summersville road with the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Regiments, holding the Forty-seventh and Schambeck's cavalry as a reserve, and there awaited orders. Subsequently I was ordered to advance with the brigade to the top of the hill near the woods, which extended to the enemy's fortifications. This I did, and again formed it in line of battle in the same order as before, with the exception that it fronted the noise of the battle. I remained with the brigade thus formed awaiting orders until 3.30 p. m., when Captain Hartsuff appeared and ordered the brigade to proceed to the intrenchments of the enemy for the purpose of storming them. I put in motion the Ninth Ohio in advance, followed by the Twenty-eighth and Forty-seventh, Captain Hartsuff leading the way for the purpose of whoring the road and the point at which the works wee to be stormed. .

After three of the companies of the Ninth ha passed the corn field in front of the enemy's works and had deployed into the bush, Captain Hartsuff informed me that the order to charge the works had been countermanded. I immediately placed the brigade in such position as to be most available and under cover from the enemy's fire. this was done as follows: Seven companies of the Ninth Ohio on the path back of the crest of the hill occupied by McMullin's battery, the Twenty-eighth in their rear, and the Forty-seventh on the main road leading to the enemy's works.

At the time this was being done the three companies of the Ninth, which had deployed before the order to storm the works had been countermanded, were engaging the enemy at that portion of the left flank west of the corn field. They were ordered to retire as soon as the sound of a bugle could be heard above the roar of the cannon and musketry,.

---------------

*In separate reports Colonel Smith specially notices the gallant conduct of Major Joseph G. Hawkins, Lieuts B. Doney and Joseph T. Snider, Corp. James H. Scott, and Privates Henry Conover and Jefferson Gongwer of same regiment. .

---------------

