
which they did, and join the regiment at the point where it was stationed. As to the extent and particulars of their engagement, I refer to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Sondershoff, of the Ninth Ohio, herewith forwarded.

After the brigade had occupied the above positions for some time the enemy seemed to change the range of his cannon, so that it covered the position occupied by the Ninth Ohio. I ordered it to retire to the clear place west of the last field on the right of the road leading to the enemy's works, and then awaited orders. About 7 in the evening it was again determined by the general commanding to storm, the enemy's works. The Ninth Ohio was ordered to the junction of the path with the main road nea the east side of the corn field, in front of the enemy's works, and then halted. The Twenty-eighth was detached with portions of the Twelfth, Twenty-third, and Thirteenth Ohio. The Forty-seventh was formed in the main road leading to the works. Of the unfortunate casualty which occurred by the Thirteenth Regiment firing into the Twenty-eighth I desire to say nothing, but refer to the detailed report thereof by Colonel Moor, of the Twenty-eighth Ohio.

Darkness soon se tin, so that it became impossible with any degree of safety to our troops to make an attack in the night. I was ordered with my brigade to cover the return of the artillery and ambulances from the field. This, too, I did with the Ninth Ohio, and at 9 p. m. in the night all the artillery and ambulances were brought from the field of battle to camp, and I marched the Second Brigade to the point where we had left at 3.30 p. m. to charge the enemy's works.

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT L. McCOOK,

Colonel Ninth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain GEORGE L. HARTSUFF, Assistant Adjutant-General..

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Sondershoff, Ninth Ohio Infantry.

The regiment was led into action by Lieutenant Colonel Charles Sonder-shoff, by direction of Adjutant-General Hartsuff, at 3.30 p. m., under orders to charge the enemy's works. It was ordered to advance to that point of the enemy's woks lying to the left of the corn field. After Companies A, B, and C had passed the corn field and deployed to the enemy's left the order to charge the fortifications was countermanded by the general commanding, and the balance of the regiment was ordered to occupy the crest of the hill immediately in the rear of McMullin's battery. Before the order countermanding that to charge the works could be transmitted to Companies A, B, and C, they had advanced through the thick brush some 300 or 400 feet, when they came to the point where the enemy had cut the brush in front of their main works, which were about 300 yards distant, from which the enemy opened a strong fire of musketry, grape, and canister. After the companies had advanced a short distance towards the main works, sheltering themselves by trees and brush as best they could, all the men returning fire when anything was visible to shoot at, it was soon discovered by Companies A and B that immediately to their right, and about 50 yards distant, there was a wing of the enemy's works extending to the woods at almost right angles with the main works, when .

