
sation with him, particularly detailed in my last-mentioned letter to General Lee.

On the 12th September General Floyd issued several unimportant orders about guards and scouts, and about nightfall I received from him an invitation to a conference to determine upon a definite line of action. The result of the consultation was a retreat to the top of Big Sewell. Some unimportant correspondence occurred up to September 16, when myself and officers were called again to General Floyd's headquarters for consultation. As early as practicable, about 5 o'clock p. m., I went, accompanied by Major Tyler, Captain Stanard, Captain Wise, and Colonel Jackson. A memorandum of that conference will be found immediately following General Floyd's dispatch Numbers 45, addressed to me.

On the same evening, within half an hour after I left his camp, I was informed by him that it was determined to fall back again to the most defensible point between meadow Bluff and Lewisburg; he would put his column in motion at once, and I would hold my command in readiness to bring up the rear.

On the 18th he inquired why I had not obeyed his order to fall back. On the same day, at 10.30 o'clock a. m., I replied that I had obeyed his order to the letter; that I held my command in readiness to bring up his rear; that I considered the almost impregnable position I then occupied as essential to protect his rear, and that neither the condition of the roads nor the health of my men would permit me ot move them without great inhumanity to man and beast. In the next place, by moving back I would lose the command of Bowyer's Ferry and the old State road. I respectfully requested permission to remain where I was, as best obeying his orders. I refer the President and the Secretary of War to the report of my quartermaster, F. D. Cleary, to my letter of September 18, addressed to General Floyd,a nd to his of the 19th September ot me, respecting wagons and transportation, and to my letter to general Floyd of September 19, 11.30 o'clock p. m., about the policy of falling back.

On September 19, 2 o'clock a. m., I notified General Floyd of the advance of the enemy upon my position. He replied by his letter from Meadow Bluff, dated September 19. I replied by my letter of was his letter of September 22, ordering me to send him a piece of artillery, a 10-pounder gun manufactured on the Kanawha; this was insted of re-enforcements. I answered this call or the gun on September 23rd; and that is the last letter which I have been obliged ot write to General Floyd.

On the 21st of September General Lee addressed me a letter from the camp at Meadow Bluff. I replied to this on the 21st, at 5 o'clock p. m. (referring to his seeming reprimand of my failure to be united whit General Floyd for the most effectual or-operation; and I gave my reasons for his examining my position and determining between that and General Floyd's. He visited my camp, examined the ground,a nuanced no conclusions upon the subject, but returned to General Floyd's camp.

On September 23 Major Tyler, under my instructions, addressed to General lee two communications, announcing the approach of the enemy. On the same day General Lee addressed to me his letter of the 23rd. On the same day I replied, announcing to him that the enemy were in strong force on top of Big Sewell. On the 24th he addressed

