
duced him to take course which he has will be correctly understood either by the President or by the Secretary of War. General Floyd selected no strong point in the mountain passes. On the contrary, he fell back from the mountains, dug a ditch in a meadow marsh covered by every hill around,a nd the breastworks of which the first rain covered over with a swelling flood. He cannot fight a superior force in any entrenchments that he has selected or constructed. General Lee is now in command, and his counsel had better be taken as so to what policy ought to be pursued. I only ask that, if these explanations are not sufficient, I may have the opportunities of defense. If they are sufficient, I ask that my command may be transferred back to me, and that we be separated from the commands of General Floyd. I refer to the accompanying charges of my positions at Camp Defiance and at Dogwood and to the map elucidating my explanations.* I beg that, besides favoring this with your own attention, you will do me the kindness to bring this report and accompanying papers without delay to the immediate notice of the President.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1861-Skirmish near Lewinsville, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain David Ireland, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Elisha C. Hibbard, Fifth Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain David Ireland, Seventy-night New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK, Camp Advance, Va., September 10, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with the following instructions from the brigadier-general commanding,You will assume command of the expedition which leaves your present camp at 1.30 a. m. to-morrow morning. It is the wish of the brigadier-general commanding this post that you place your men in ambush at Rush's (at or near where the road from Langley to Falls church crosses Pirnett Run) a little before daylight to-morrow, to co-operate with another column which will cross the road between you and Lewinsville. You will place 75 men in good position as close tot he road as possible, leaving 75 men in reserve a short distance in the rear. Your duty then will be to disable any bodies of the enemy's cavalry or artillery which may pass that way. If artillery, let the fire of your men be destructive tot he horses and afterwards upon the men who man the pieces. Should you be attacked by superior numbers you will fall back, making as obstinate resistance as possible. Do not leave your cover in the woods under any circumstances. You will hold position, if possible, for one hour after daylight. Guides will be furnished you. See that the men of your command have no caps upon their guns until you get into position. If you find scouts or pickets of the enemy, either capture them or destroy them by a bayonet charge. Be careful to create no alarm by firing before you are in position. Should you hear firing upon your right, you will hurry forward and occupy your position as soon as you can.

I have the honor to report that, with a detail of 160 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, ordered for that purpose by Colonel Stevens, commanding the regiment, and placed under my command, I.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

