
Berens, took position across the road in rear of Company B; Company G, Captain Bugh, having deployed by the flank behind the fence near our old position. company B fired and charged down the road, wounding, it is supposed, 2 men, killing 1 horse, capturing 2, and 1 of the rebels. We divided and pursued a portion towards Falls Church and the wounded towards Vienna, but they escaped through a corn field and wood, and we fell back on our reserve.

Having heard firing of musketry on the Falls Church road, forming by platoon in close column, with the prisoner horses, we advanced towards Langley, and soon fell in with Lieutenant Hasbrouck's gun and a detachment of infantry, who brought up our rear. We reached camp at 8 o'clock, having marched dally of 20 miles. I should judge there were 10 cavalry in the squad. Had it not been for the splendid management of Captain Mott, assisted by his own men and the scout, the whole expedition would have proved a failure. Captains Berens and Bugh, and Lieutenants Oliver, Ross, and Strong, together with the men, conducted themselves with coolness and judgment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. HIBBARD,

Captain Company B, Commanding Detachment.

Brigadier-General SMITH, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 11, 1861.-Union reconnaissance from Chain Bridge to Lewinsville, Va., and action at that place.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, with letter restoring the colors of the Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General William F. Smith, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Isaac I. Stevens, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Orlando M. Poe, U. S. Topographical Engineers.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Solomon Meridith, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Shaler, Sixty-fifth New York Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Captain David Ireland, Seventy-night New York Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Samuel R. Elliott, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant Colonel George J. Stannard, Second Vermont Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Colonel Breed N. Hyde, third Vermont Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Captain Thaddeus P. Mott, Third New York Battery.

Numbers 12.-Captain Charles Griffin, Fifth U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant William McLean, Fifth U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 14.-William Borrowe, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 15.-General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier General James Longstreet, C. S. Army.

Numbers 17.-Colonel James E. B. Stuart, First Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, with letter restoring the colors of the Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

SMITH'S HEADQUARTERS, NEAR CHAIN BRIDGE, September 11, 1861.

General Smith made reconnaissance with 2,000 men to Lewinsville; remained several hours, and completed examination of the ground.

