
Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Shaler, Sixty-fifth New york Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT U. S. CHASSEURS, Camp Advance, September 11, 1861-8 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with special orders from headquarters, I reported myself at your quartermasters with four companies of the First Regiment U. S. Chasseurs at 5.45 o'clock this morning, and was placed by you in command of a reserve composed of the Seventy-ninth Regiment and the four companies of the chasseur Regiment. Shortly afterwards this reserve was reported to General Smith at his headquarters, and assigned a position in the column to be moved towards Lewinsville. on arriving there we took up a position and threw out pickets under our direction. At 2 o'clock p. m., on the recall being sounded, our pickets returned and were formed in line. The battalion of Chasseurs and the Seventy-ninth were countermarched by the right flank on the ground they respectively occupied, which brought the Seventy-ninth in rear. Line of battle was formed faced to the front, and while in this position, waiting for the column then in rear to move forward to the right, a deadly fire of shell form the enemy's guns was opened upon us, the first bursting in the road near the right of the line. This surprise created as a matter of course considerable excitement, but the cover furnished by the fence on the road-side and the coolly-exercise authority of the company officers effectually prevented the men form becoming seriously alarmed, notwithstanding a rapid fire was continued for half an hour before Griffin's battery could be got in position to bear on the enemy.

By your command the detachment was moved forward until met by General Smith with two howitzers of heavy caliber. They at once took position on a prominence on the left of the road, and by your command the Seventy-ninth was detailed to protect them, whole the battalion of Chasseurs was ordered to advance and protect a section of Griffin's battery, which had taken position a little in advance and on the right of the road. From this the battalion was ordered farther down the road to protect another section, and again by General Smith's command moved on to the rear of a section stationed at Langley's Tavern. The guns of the enemy having been silenced, we were directed to proceed homeward, which we did, as along the whole route, in regular order, right in front. We were joined at the headquarters of General Smith by eh Seventy-ninth,and returned to quarters about 5.30 p. m. without the loss of a single man.

The conduct of the officers and men of the Seventy-ninth while under my command was in the highest degree praiseworthy. They gave undoubted evidence of their bravery and resoluteness. Great credit is also due tot he young and inexperienced officers and soldiers of the Chasseur Battalion. Considering that this was the first fire to which they were ever exposed, their conduct was surprisingly cool nd deliberate. I commend them, therefore, to your favorable notice, in connection with the noble Highlanders.

With high regard, &amp;c., I have the honor to subscribe myself, your very obedient servant,ALEXANDER SHALER,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Regiment U. S. Chasseurs.

Colonel STEVENTS,

Commanding Detachment on Special Service.

