
Numbers 7. Report of Captain David Ireland, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT N. Y. S. LM., Camp Advance, September 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Highlanders whilst forming a portion of the reserve under your command in the expedition to Lewinsville and vicinity:

I joined the regiment about a mile beyond Langley, and immediately assumed command. At the same time two companies were posted as skirmishers, the sixth, under command of Lieutenant McNie, and the tenth, under Lieutenant Elliott. This latter was posted on the road to Falls Church communicating with the road to Lewinsville, and the left resting at Gilbert's house. The sixth company was thrown out in advance. After remaining in that position until the object of the expedition was evidently accomplished, the recall was sounded. When the skirmishers were retiring form Gilbert' house they were fired upon by the enemy's skirmishers, who had posted on the right of Gilbert's house, and which could not have been more than fifteen yards from them at he time they opened fire, but which caused no damage to our men at that time. The skirmishers then took position in line. The enemy's cannonading at this time was very severe, both of shot and shell, wounding 3 of our men, viz: James Van Riper, first company, in the knee; James Elliott, second company, in the ribs; and John Colgan, sixth company, in the foot. The column was then ordered forward, the Highlanders covering the retreat, which they did in firm order,t he men being cool and behaving bravely. We were halted several times to support batteries in position, and when drawn up in line of battle in the rear of Captain Cook's house to support Mott's battery, Colonel Stevens assumed command, General Smith taking command of the column..

The conduct of the officers and men on this occasion was all that could be desired. They were cool and collected, behaving as well as if on parade, and more like veteran troops than volunteers. Where all did so well it would be wrong to individualize.

I herewith inclose the report to me of Lieutenant Elliott, in command of the skirmishers.

I have the honor to remain, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,DAVID IRELAND,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-ninth Regiment N. Y. S. M.

Lieutenant-Colonel SHALER,

Commanding Reserve, Expedition to Lewinsville.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Samuel R. Elliott, Seventy-ninth New york Infantry.

CAMP ADVANCE, LEFT WING SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT, September 12, 1861.

Soon after coming to a halt I received orders to post a picket ont he left flank form Gilbert's house, right and left, extending the whole length of the column, in order to give warning of any approach in that direction. Reserving six of the first platoon as a reserve to be.

