
the want of a target. Some twenty or thirty minutes after this the enemy showed himself in a little cleared place, whence a roudn from the guns showed him in a full run. From the first position of the rifled pieces some 40 rounds were fired, alls hell, and from the second position some 18, to which the enemy made no reply.

The conduct of the lieutenants (Hazlett and Hasbrouck) was that of gallant soldiers, and of the men of the battery all that could be desired. It affords me much gratification to testify to the coolness and handsome deportment of the Vermont third and some 80 men of the Second Vermont, who were ordered to support the battery. They were for about an hour under a very warm fire from the enemy's artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Captain, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery D.

Colonel ISAAC I. STEVENS.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant William McLean, Fifth U. S. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP ADVANCE, September 12, 1861.

SIR: By order of General Smith I was placed under your command yesterday, and in accordance with your directions I led my party as the advance guard ot Lewinsville, sent 10 men on the road to Falls Church, 4 on the road to Vienna, and 2 on the road to Alexandria. Soon after my arrival I was ordered to send an officer and 10 men ot repulse the enemy's mounted pickets on the road towards Vienna. Having no officer present, I led them myself and performed the required duty, dispersing the rebel cavalry to the number of 50 men. I would especially notice the gallantry and firmness of George Hicks, of my command, who bravely faced the enemy previous to my arrival and rendered good service throughout. We returned ot Camp Advance in the rear of the column without suffering any loss.

All of which is respectfully submitted, by your obedient servant,WM. McLEAN,

First Lieutenant, Company H, Fifth Cavalry.

Colonel STEVENS, Commanding Expedition.

Numbers 14. Report of William Borrowe, acting aide-de-camp.

CAMP NEAR CHAIN BRIDGE, VA., September 12, 1861.

SIR: Having been ordered by you to see that Lewinsville was clear of the enemy, so that we could occupy it without danger of falling on their pickets, I took with me the cavalry, under Lieutenant McLean, and two companies of the Third Vermont as skirmishers, and throwing them around the woods, advanced with the cavalry. Finding all clear at the cross-roads, I sent 10 of the cavalry on the road to Falls Church to scout it for the distance of half a mile, and 4 on the road to Vienna, with the same directions. I then advanced the skirmishers to

