
infantry, eight pieces of artillery, and a large body of cavalry, inflicting severe loss, but incurring none.

By command of General Jonston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General James Longstreet, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. ADVANCED FORCES, ARMY OF POTOMAC, September 12, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of Colonel J. E. B. Stuart of his affair of yesterday. My arrangements had been made to cut off the enemy at Lewinsville by moving a heavy force down during the night. It is probably better that Colonel Stuart did not receive my instructions,a nd drove the enemy back this trenches at once. My movement was intended to be made at night, and the heavy rains of last night would have prevented anything of he kind. The enemy ares o famous at borrowing, that the command would probably have been well covered before I could have reached it and might have cost us several men.

Colonel Stuart has been at Munson's hill since its occupation by our troops. He has been most untiring in the discharge of his duties at that and other advanced position,s after having driven the enemy from Mason's, Munson's. and Upton's Hills. In these and other less important skirmishers he has been entirely successful. Where have had los a man, he has brought in at least two of the enemy, dead or alive.

The affair of yesterday was handsomely conducted and well executed. He make handsome mention of Major Terrill, Captain Rosser, and Lieutenant slocomb, and others of his command. It is quite evident that the officers and men deserve much credit for their handsome conduct, one and all. It is difficult to say whether the handsome use of his light infantry by Major Terrill or the destructive fires of the Washington Artillery by Captain Rosser and Lieutenant Slocomb, is the most brilliant part of the affair.

Colonel Stuart has, I think, fairly won his claim to brigadier, and I hope the commanding generals will unite with me in recommending him for that promotion.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Adjutant-General.

Since making the above report Colonel Stuart reports 2 other prisoners and another body found in the field, besides additional evidences of havoc in the ranks of the enemy. Killed and prisoners, 11. Not even a horse of ours hurt.

Respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

We think with Brigadier-General Longstreet that Colonel Stuart's laborious and valuable services, unintermitted since the war began on this frontier, entitle him to a brigadier generally. His calm and dar-

