
unchanged until near dark, when we learned the result of the movements on the mountain, as above stated, and the enemy retired somewhat for the night.

On the 14th, early, the enemy was again in position in front of Elk water, and a few rounds, supported by a company of the Fifteenth Indiana, were again administered, which caused him to withdraw as before. The forces that had been before repulsed from Cheat returned, and were again driven back by a comparatively small force front he mountain. The Seventeenth Indiana was ordered up the path to open communications and make way for another supply train, but, as before, found the little band from the summit had already done the work. During the afternoon of the 14th the enemy withdraw from before Elk Water, and is now principally concentrated some 10 miles from this post at order his main camp. On the 15th he appeared in stronger force than at any previous time in front of Cheat and attempted a flank movement by the left, but was driven back by the ever-vigilant and gallant garrison of the field redoubt on the summit. To-day the enemy has also retired from the front of Cheat, but to what precise position I am not yet informed..

The results of these affairs are that we have killed near 100 of the enemy, including Colonel John A. Washington, aide-de-camp to General Lee, and have taken about 20 prisoners. We have lost 9 killed, including Lieutenant Juno, Fourteenth Indiana, 2 missing, and about 60 prisoners, including Captain James Bense and Lieutenants Gilman and Scheiffer, of the Sixth Ohio, and Lieutenant Merrill, of the Engineers. I append the reports of Colonel Kimball, Fourteenth Indiana; Captain Higgins, Twenty-fought Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel One and Colonel Wagner, of the Fifteenth Indiana.

J. J. REYNOLDS,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. A. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Nathan Kimball, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP, CHEAT MOUNTAIN SUMMIT, WEST VIRGINIA, September 14, 1861.

GENERAL: On the morning of September 12 I started my train (teams from the Twenty-fourth Ohio Regiment) ot your camp. When about three-fourths of a mile out they were attacked by a party of the enemy. Information being at once brought to me, I proceeded to the point of attack, accompanied by Colonel Jones, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Gilbert, of the Twenty-fought Ohio, and Companies C (Captain Brooks) and F (Captain Williamson), of the Fourteenth Indiana. I at first supposed the attack was made by a scouting party of the enemy, and sent Captains Brooks and Williamson into the woods, deployed as skirmishers. They soon overhauled the enemy, numbering 2,500. My captains immediately opened fire, and informed me the enemy were there in great force. I ordered them to hold their position. They did so, and soon had the pleasure of seeing the whole.

