
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel George D. Wagner, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, September 12, 1861.

DEAR SIR: On the 9th of the present month I ordered Captain Templeton to take Companies D and F and take possession of and hold the Point Mountain pike at its junction with the Huntersville pike, supported by Major Christopher, of the Sixth Regiment Ohio, with 100 men, at Conrad's Mill, 2 miles in the rear. The first position was about 8 miles in advance of my camp and 4 miles from the enemy's encampment.

On morning of the 11th Captain Templeton's pickets were attacked by the enemy's column, advancing down the road. They fell back on the main force. The enemy still advancing in force, Captain Templeton wing of the Fifteenth Indiana, under command of Major Wood, with orders to hold the position; but soon after a scout, who had been posted 3 miles east of Captain Templeton, with instructions to report to me any movements of the enemy on the left flank, came in and reported a column of 2,000 troops marching in this direction, with the evident intention of cutting off Captain Templeton and Major Christopher. I immediately sent orders for the entire force to fall back on the main force, which they did in orders for the entire force to fall back on the main force, which they did in good order, bringing off their wounded, having 2 men killed, 1 taken prisoner, and 3 wounded. Privates Kent and Bealer killed, of Company F, captain white; T. Spoonmore, of same Private Richards, both seriously, Clark having been hit by four balls. Both will recover,b ut Richards has had his leg amputated. Private Hovey is slightly wounded. All of company D, of my regiment.

At this time you arrived on the ground and took command.

Let me say that officers and men all did their duty,a nd I must be allowed to commend to your notice Sergeant Thompson, of Company D, who having command of the first party engaged, as well as the men with him, stood and fought until half of the party was shot down before they would fall back.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,G. D. WAGNER,

Colonel.

Brigadier General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard Owen, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP, ELK WATER, RANDOLPH COUNTRY, VIRGINIA, September 18, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with your order to proceed on the Marlin Turnpike until I met the enemy, but not to bring on a general engagement, I marched my command of 285 infantry and 4 dragoons (the latter designed to be used as messengers) on Sunday, the 8th September,

