
defenses exposed, the Army of the Northwest will resume its former position at such time and in such manner as General Loring shall direct, and continue its preparations for further operations. The commanding general experienced much gratification at the cheerfulness and alacrity displayed by the troops in this arduous operation. The promptitude with which they surmounted every difficultly, driving in and capturing the enemy's pickets on the fronts examined and exhibiting that readiness for attack, gives assurance of victory when a fit opportunity offers.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 12-17, 1861.-Arrest of members of the Maryland Legislature and other citizens of that State.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Instructions from Secretary of War to General Banks.

Numbers 2.-Report of Major General John A. Dix.

Numbers 3.-Letter from General Dix to Major General John E. Wool.

Numbers 4.-Reports of major-General Banks of arrests at Frederick, Md.

Numbers 5.-Report of Mr. Allen Pinkerton of arrests at Baltimore, Md.

Numbers 6.-Letter from General Wool to commanding officer Fort Lafayette, New York.

Numbers 7.-Letter form Governor Hicks to General Banks.

Numbers 1. Instructions from Secretary of War to General Banks, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 11, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding near Darnestown, Md.:

GENERAL: The passage of any fact of secession by the legislature of maryland must be prevented. Exercise your own judgment as to the time and manner, but do the work effectively.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Baltimore, md., September 11, 1861-11 p. m.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter was handled to me half an hour ago by Mr. Allan,* who is of the opinion that, in consideration of the lateness of the hour and the uncertainly of finding all the parties, the arrest should be

---------------

*Not found; but see report Numbers 5, following.

13 R R-VOL V

---------------

