
enemy were advancing with a large force of infantry and cavalry up the river. Lieutenant-Colonel Lupton, who had been left by Colonel monroe with 50 men as a reserve, was then order to support Colonel Monroe, which ordered was promptly executed.

.

Waiting anxiously a point upon the river bluff, Cemetery Hill which commanded a view of the valley between the two passes, for the clearing up of the fog, so as to be to ascertain the position and force of the enemy, at about 8 o'clock I received a second dispatch from Captain Myers, informing me of the advance of the enemy from Hanging Rick Pass in overwhelming force. Confirmed then that the main attack was to from this point, I immediately dispatched an order to Major Funsten, directing him to withdraw the force under his command from the Mechanicsburg Pass to Cemetery Hill, and there await further orders.

From this time until about 11.30 o'clock there was non appearance of the enemy either above or below us. At above 11.30 o'clock the enemy made their appearance on the mountain side just below the Mechanicsburg Pass. Major Funsten was directed, with the companies of Captains Bowen and Miller, together with the howitzer given in charge of Captain Bowen, to take position in come woods opposite the brigade, so as to command the brigade and ford. The rifled 6-pounder was then put in position of Cemetery Hill, under charge of Lieutenant Linberger, so as to command additionally the bridge and ford and the road leading from these points to Romney. The enemy, however, instead of attempting the passage of the river at this point, after saluting us with a few harmless rounds from his cannon, directed towards Major Funsten's command, retired out of sight.

About 12 m. I again received information that the enemy were advancing from the Hanging Rock Gap. Major Funsten was directed to withdraw the detachment under his command from the position commanding the brigade, except Captain Bowen's company and the howitzer, and which all the force of mounted men, together with the 4-pounder, to go to the support of Captain Myers and Jordan, the latter having previously moved to sustain Captain Mayers.

Shortly after this order was given the enemy appeared on the hill about 1 1\2 miles north of the town, but seemed to hesitate to attack. At about 3.30 o'clock p. m. a movement was made by the enemy as if he designed to get possession of the Winchester road. This movement was observed also by Major Funsten, who promptly took the steps detailed in his report to prevent it.

By about 4.30 o'clock the enemy had disappeared. I then supposed they were moving in the direction of the Winchester road, and fearing lest the baggage train of the regiment should be cut off, which I had before understood had been removed some two miles from town, and which by my orders had been further removed through a narrow defile to Church Hill, in order to obtain ground upon which the train could be turned if necessary, I gave the order for the cavalry regiment to retire by the Winchester road, and to the commandants of militia who were in the rear of the cavalry to retire to Hanging Rock, 16 miles east of Romney, on the Winchester road, the latter order being countermanded when the command reached Church Hill. before reaching the church, and when about 2 miles from town, we were overtaken by a messenger, informing us that the enemy had retreated and recrossed the river.

Arrived at the church, and having understood that the baggage train was 3 miles farther down the road, at Frenchtown, where it had

