
coolness and courage of the men at this gun. By this unfortunate mistake one of my men was wounded in the arm.

From this point we continued the enemy, when your order was received to cease the pursuit. Thence we returned by Sheetz's Mill to Romney, where we arrived about 2 o'clock. Since the chase the guns, carriages, &amp;c., have undergone a thorough cleansing and repairing, and are now ready for use.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. LIONBERGER,

Lieutenant, and Acting Captain of Artillery.

Colonel ANGUS W. McDONALD,

Commanding C. S. Forces at Romney.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1861.-Skirmish at Point of Rock, Maryland.

Report of Colonel John W. Geary, Twenty-eight Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP TYNDALE, September 24, 1861.

SIR: There seems to be a lull in the storm which has broken on our lines with abortive violence by the rebel forces in Virginia. They have marched up and down the Potomac, and here felt almost every part of my line from Pritchard's Mill, 3 mile above Harper's Ferry, and having found every point well guarded, they have not dared to assault us. Yet there are reconnaissance or menaces with the recurrence of every favorable opportunity, and I am well aware that only by our vigilance and promptitude will our advantages and position be maintained. Only three days since I discovered them surveying my camp from every available point, purposing, as I have reason to believe, to assault us by artillery from an eligible position on the table or plateau on the Virginia side. Accordingly I moved my entire camp 250 yards eastward, sheltered from sight and assault by a forest on the west, a more healthy place, and affording an excellent side for the artillery just to the right, within range of all points from which the enemy could advance.

Simultaneously with the changing of camp I pushed my pickets forward on Heter's Island a mile long and standing within a few yards of the Virginia shore, thus affording an unbroken view along the enemy's line, and also of fording which are in almost every case contiguous to the islands. I have also taken possession of Noland's Island, at the lower end of which is the ferry of the same name, and from which about 1 mile is reported to be secreted in the woods a camp of the enemy, whose pickets line the river. Our enemy, if not so savage as the Indian, purposes to emulate his vigilance.

Allow me to state that I design to occupy all the other serviceable islands within the parallel of my lines and where nature has not provided shelter to make by art.

By this occupation of the islands I am enabled to present a double point, or, in other words, point of reserve, and hold my forces more available to any arising exigencies.

At this moment the enemy are in detachment in view, reconnoitering (9.30 a. m.).

When occasion requires, I will not fail to communicate.

2.30 p. m.-The reconnaissance proved to be an attack by from 100 to

