
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Dennis O'Kane, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND REGIMENT, BAKER'S BRIGADE,Camp Advance, Va., September 29, 1861.

SIR: On Saturday morning, the 28th instant, the Second Regiment received orders to prepare two days' cooked provisions, and to strike tents and be in line with the First and Third Regiments of the brigade by 8 o'clock a. m. of the 29th instant, to march to Poolesville, which order was being promptly carried out.

Tattoo was beat at the usual hour on the evening of the 28th, and the regiment had retired to rest, when at 11.15 o'clock General Smith rode up to the quarters of the lieutenant-colonel commanding the regiment, and demanded why it was not in line, to which the lieutenant-colonel replied he had received no orders to that effect, but that the regiment had been ordered to form at 8 o'clock next morning to march to Poolesville, at which General Smith expressed surprise that the regiment had received no orders to form in line that evening, and ordered it to be done at once, ammunition issued, and the regiment marched along the road through camp and over the hill by Ford Baker, and that the direction to be taken would be pointed out by pickets as regiments passed. These were all the instructions received, no orders in writing having been issued to this regiment. The line was immediately formed, ammunition issued, and the regiment put in motion before 12 o'clock..

The officers were in entire ignorance of the purpose or direction of the movement. After marching about an hour, firing was heard in front of the column, which has been attributed to the pickets firing upon the line, and by which several lives were lost. The regiment moved steadily on, and in about thirty minutes was brought to halt and was resting in line, when three dragoons rode rapidly along and when about the center of the regiment one of them fired his revolver, exclaiming, "The care, boys; here they come." Simultaneously a number of skirmishers suddenly appeared from the adjoining woods on the road, when some of our men, supposing the secessionists were on them, discharged their pieces, which led to a general alarm and firing along the line, which unfortunately resulted in the death of Sergeant Gillan, of Company B, and the wounding of 2 mire of this regiment. Order was promptly restored, the line reformed, and no further casualties occurred during the night. The regiment was then marched a short distance and formed in line of battle on the outskirts of a wood flanking the road, where they remained in good order until about 11 o'clock a. m., when they were order to march back to camp.

The above report is respectfully submitted.

DENNIS O'KANE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FRED'D HARVEY, A. A. G., U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Bakar's Brigade.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac J. Wistar, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA REGIMENT,Camp Advance, Va., September 29, 1861.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received last evening from General Smith, during your absence, I marched with my regiment about 9.30

