
Infantry.-Abercrombie's brigade: Twelfth and Second Massachusetts, and Sixteenth Indiana, First Potomac Home Brigade (Maryland), one company Zouaves d'Afrique (Pennsylvania) Volunteers.

------

brigade: Ninth New York State Militia, [Eighty-third Volunteers], and Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, Twenty-seventh Indiana, and Third Wisconsin Volunteers.

------

brigade: Twenty-eighth New York, Fifth Connecticut, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, First Maryland, Twelfth Indiana, and Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

SHIELDS' DIVISION.

Artillery.-Clark's battery (E), Fourth U. S., six 10-pounder Parrott guns; Jenks' battery (A), First Virginia, four 10-pounder Parrott and two 6-pounder guns; Davey's battery (B), First Virginia, two 10-pounder Parrott guns; Huntington's battery (A), First Ohio, six 13-pounder James guns; Robinson's battery (L), First Ohio, two 12-pounder howitzers and four 6-pounder guns, and

-----

battery, Fourth Ohio Artillery.

Infantry.-

------

brigade: Fourteenth Indiana, Fourth, Eighth, and Sixty-seventh Ohio, Seventh Virginia, and Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

-----

brigade: Fifth, Sixty-second, and Sixty-sixth Ohio, Thirteenth Indiana, and Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers.

------

brigade: Seventh and Twenty-ninth Ohio, Seventh Indiana, First Virginia, and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Andrew S. S..

GENERAL WADSWORTH'S COMMAND.

Cavalry.-First New Jersey Cavalry at Alexandria, and Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry east of the Capitol.

Artillery and Infantry.-Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, Bladensburg road; One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers, Kalorama Heights; First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, Fort Cass, Virginia; three batteries of New York artillery, Forts Ethan Allen and Marcy; depot of New York Light Artillery, Camp Barry; Second District of Columbia Volunteers, Washington City; Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, G-street wharf; Twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, Fort Lyon; Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Camp Thomas; Ninety-fourth New York and detachment of Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Alexandria; Ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Franklin Square Barracks; Fourth New York Artillery, Forts Carroll and Greble; One hundred and Twelfth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fort Saratoga; Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, Fort Massachusetts; Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, Fort Pennsylvania; detachment of Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fort Good Hope; Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fort Mahon; Second New York Light Artillery, Forts Ward, Worth, and Blenker; One hundred and seventh and Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Kendall Green; Dickenson's Light Artillery, Eighty-sixth New York, detachment of Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, east of the Capitol; Fourteenth Massachusetts (Volunteers) Heavy Artillery and Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Forts Albany, Tillinghast, Richardson, Runyon, Jackson, Barnard, Craig, and Scott; detachments of Fourth U. S. Artillery and Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Fort Washington; Ninety-seventh, One hundred and first, and Ninety-first New York, and Twelfth Virginia Volunteers Fort Corcoran.

In camp near Washington.-Sixth and Tenth New York, Swain's New York, and Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, all dismounted.

These troops (3,359 men) were ordered to report to Colonel Miles, commanding the railroad guard, to relieve 3,306 older troops ordered to be sent to Manassas to report to General Abercrombie.

GENERAL DIX'S COMMAND, BALTIMORE.

Cavalry.-First Maryland Cavalry and detachment of Purnell Legion Cavalry.

Artillery.-Battery I, Second U. S.; battery --, Maryland; battery L, First New York, and two independent batteries of Pennsylvania artillery.

Infantry.-Third, and Fourth New York, Eleventh, Eighty-seventh, and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, detachment Twenty-first Massachusetts, Second Delaware, Second Maryland, First and Second Eastern Shore (Maryland) Home Guards, and Purnell Legion (two battalions) Maryland Volunteers.

In a staff charged with labors so various and important as that of the Army of the Potomac, a chief was indispensable to supervise the various departments and to relieve the commanding general of details. The office of chief of staff, well known in European armies, had not.

