
his advanced regiment from a position suitable for our artillery. This was soon done in gallant style, and our batteries promptly took their position within about 700 yards of the entrenchments and opened fire. Some of the enemy's guns were visible and others concealed. We disabled three of his guns, made a through reconnaissance, and after having fully and successfully accomplished the object of the expedition retired leisure and in good order to Cheat Mountain, arriving at sundown, having marched 24 miles and been under the enemy's fire four hours. The enemy's force was about 9,000, and we distinctly saw heavy re-enforcements of infantry and artillery arrive while we were in front of the works.

We took 13 prisoners. The number of killed and wounded could not be accurately ascertained, but from those actually counted in the field and estimated in the trenches, which could be seen from the heights, it is believed the number reached at least 300. Out loss was surprisingly small-8 killed and 32 wounded-most of them slightly, the proximity of our batteries to the entrenchments causing many shots to pass over us. *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Nathan Kimball, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry.

CHEAT MOUNTAIN SUMMIT, VA., October 4, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your orders, the Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers proceeded from this point at 1 a. m. on the 3rd instant, as part of the force in making the armed reconnaissance of the enemy's position at Greenbrier River, near the Alleghany Mountains.

My command, on arriving near the front of the enemy's position, took post in their near the main road and awaited your arrival. By your order I deployed one company (C), Captain Brooks, forward as skirmishers, to open up the way for a position for Loomis' battery. They had proceeded only a few hundred yards when they came in contact with the enemy's infantry, 600 in number. I immediately ordered mountains which were occupied by the enemy, my whole command was soon engaged, and I am proud, rejoiced, to know that they drove the enemy back.

As the whole of this action was under your immediate observation, I need not tell how gallantry my men behaved. Having succeeded in clearing the point, Captain Loomis soon had his guns in battery and opening on the enemy. I then moved my regiments forward, one company supporting Howe's battery in the road, my right resting in a meadow, directly in front of the enemy. At this time Captain Daum brought one gun forward and took position near my left. He behaved with great gallantry, attending his gun in person, doing good execution, amid a perfect storm of shot and shell.

I directed my line up the hill and to the rear of Daum's piece. We

---------------

* See report Numbers 4, p. 223.

---------------

