
occupied this position during the whole cannonading, the men being exposed to the continuous fire from the enemy's batteries. And, general I, am proud to say my men stood firm. They had never before been subjected to the hail-storms of ball and shell, yet they did not waver.

Out position was held until we were ordered to deployed to the enemy's right of the mountain, as skirmishers. I moved with seven companies; the other three were deployed over the summit directly over the face of the mountain, exposed to the fire from the enemy's batteries. Here I was halted near the enemy's right by other regiments, which were on my left. Here I formed a junction with Colonel Wagner, and while endeavoring to move forward we were met by a position of the regiments returning. We remained in this position for one-half hour awaiting the movement of the regiment in our advance; but seeing all of our force movement of the regiment in our advance; but seeing all of our force being drawn off, I marched my command in good order back to its former position in the road and retired in front of the enemy's heavy fire.

General, you witnessed the conduct of my command during most of the day, and it is unnecessary for me to praise them to you. All I will say is, that the Fourteenth were true soldiers, and acted up to their profession and in accordance with their motto, which is, "Keep cool and a steady fire."

I must not fail to mention that my major (W. Harrow) and adjutant (John J. P. Blinn) were with me, and acted with great gallantry and bravery, and deserve the highest praise. My lieutenant-colonel, owing to severe sickness, did not arrive until towards the withdrawal of the forces.

I have to report the loss of 3 killed and 4 wounded. Two of these report killed died after we return to camp. One sergeant (J. Urner Price), Company A, lost his left leg by a fraction of a shell. Price was a noble fellow, and died a Christian, as he lived one. The other (Harrison Myers), of Company H, had a spherical-case shot in his thigh, which was extracted, but he died immediately afterwards. Amos Boyd, of Company C, was killed on the field by the explosion of a shell from the enemy's guns. I recapitulate my loss was follows:

Killed: J. Urner Price, Company A; Amos Boyd, Company C; Harrison Myers, Company H.

Wounded: Captain L. A. Foote, Company A, and private John D. Lyon, Company E.

General, we are ready again, and hope that the Fourteenth will do as well as they done heretofore.

Very respectfully and obediently,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Brigadier General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant William P. Richardson, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTY REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS.

Camp, Cheat Mountain Summit, October 6, 1861.

SIR: When the reserve was ordered up in the affair of the 3rd instant I understood your order to me to be push forward the head of my column to the barn and house in front, and there to wait until I saw the movement commenced on the right, which I understood to be a charge,

