
ing the road, and evidently made all these disposition and preparations eight for attacking our center by seeking the shelter of the wooded hills until they could approach our front at the nearest point of range, when they would cross the river an attack our front, or otherwise continuing along the right bank to attempt to turn our right flank. Advancing to a point opposite the center of my position their column halted, being menaced by the troops of your right wing, and marched down the hills-side to the meadow, for the purpose of attempting the assault upon our works. Here they opened preparatory to an assault a fire upon us with their long-range muskets, but our artillery being directed upon them with terrible effect at this moment they were thrown into confusion, and notwithstanding the effort of their officers, whose words of command and entreaties be distinctly heard, could not be reformed, and after some time being spent the effort to bring them to the charge fell back to the hills, and under such cover as they afforded from our artillery, which played upon them during the whole time, regained the turnpike, and withdrew their batteries and retired.

The loss to the enemy must have been very great, as their force, as far as I could estimate, exceeded 5,000, which, whenever it ventured within range, received a strong of missiles from our batteries. The loss sustained by my command was very small.

I cannot speak in too great praise of the conduct of the officers and men of my command. All evinced under the heavy fire to which they were subjected extraordinary coolness and gallantry.

The artillery, which was unprotected by epaulements, behaved with unflinching bravery. Captain Rice, commanding one of the batteries, distinguished by his intrepidity, had his led carried away by a round shot while nobly encouraging his men to their duty, and the conduct of Private Brookes, of his battery, deserves especial notice. Captain Shumaker and Lieutenant Wooding distinguished themselves by their skill and gallantry, and Sergeant Jones, who commanded the piece on the right of my line, deserves the highest praise. Colonel Scott, command-third, and Captain Higginbotham, commanding Twenty-fifth Regiment, exhibited great coolness, determination, and anxiety to be engaged in action, which was shared by their officer and men.

I take occasion to notice the admirable conduct of Surgeon Daily, of the Twenty-third Regiment, who amid the heaviest fire administered relief to the whole, and the good conduct of Lieutenant Pendleton acting assistant adjutant-general. Captain Anderson's battery, part of my Captain Shumaker's was temporarily transferred to my command. The report of the operations of the former will be made by the officer who commanded on the left, while the casualties in Captain Shumaker's command will be communicated by the commanding the brigade to which he is attached.

I append a list of the killed and wounded of my brigade, amounting to 2 killed and 6 wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel Twenty-third Regiment, Commanding Brigade.

General HENRY R. JACKSON,

Commanding Monterey Line.

---------------

* Not found, but see p. 229.

---------------

