
Prescott, and John Murphy deserve especial praise for their bravery and good conduct. The drivers managed their horses well and kept them in place in the midst of a most terrific fire.

Very respectfully,

L. M. SHUMAKER,

Captain, Commanding Light Battery, C. S. Army.

Brigadier General HENRY R. JACKSON,

Commanding Force Monterey Line.

Numbers 9. Congratulatory orders from Brigadier General W. W. Loring, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,

Numbers 11. Sewell Mountain, October 7, 1861.

The general commanding has the pleasure to announce to the Army of the Northwest a signal defeat of the enemy from the fortifications of Cheat Mountain by the division of Brigadier-General Jackson.

After three attempts of four and a half hours to force our lines in front and on both flanks with a superior force of artillery, some with longer range, he was repulsed with a considerable loss.

The general commanding tenders his thanks to Brigadier-General Jackson, his officers and soldiers, for their gallant conduct in this engagement, and assures them that they will have the grateful remembrance of our people.

By command of Brigadier-General Loring:

C. L. STEVENSON,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 3, 1861.-Expedition to Pohick Church, Virginia.

Report of Brigadier General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Alexandria, Va., October 6, 1861.

SIR: I received information on the 3rd instant that a body of the enemy's cavalry was at Pohick Church, about 12 miles from these headquarters, together with such other information as led me to suppose that the force could without difficulty. The plan of an expedition for this purpose was fully matured and was verbally communicated to Colonel Christian, Twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, who was detailed to the command. An order was then issued of which 1 herewith inclose a copy.

The expedition proved an entire failure, and this result I am informed and believe is to be attributed to the fact that my order relative to the manner of the execution were not obeyed; and what is still more annoying to me and disgraceful to my command, is the fact that instead of being marched back to the camp in good order, a large portion of the command was allowed to disband beyond our line of pickets, and, as might have been anticipated from such a proceeding, this force sent to operate against the troops against the troops of the enemy was concerted into a band of marauders, who plundered alike friend and foe.

