
I deem it my duty to lay these facts before the commanding general, and to safest that a court of inquiry be conceded of the purpose of a thorough investigation of all the circumstances attending the expedition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Major S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,October 3, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM H. CHRISTIAN:

SIR: You will take command of a detachment of 300 infantry from the regiments composing this brigade and one company of cavalry, and will endeavor to cut off and take prisoners a body of the enemy's cavalry, numbering probably 50 men, stationed at or near Pohick Church.

You will proceed with 225 infantry, according to verbal directions already given you, to certain points in the rear of the enemy's position, and will make your attack at precisely 6 o'clock to-morrow morning.

You will send our 75 infantry and the company of cavalry on the Richmond road, with instructions for them to be at Potter's store, 4 miles from Pohick Church, and 6 miles from these headquarters, at 5.45 o'clock, driving in the enemy's pickets and advancing as rapidly as possible towards Pohick Church, in order to cut off the enemy or to render assistance to the other detachments of your command.

The object of the expedition being accomplished, your will return without delay. By order of Brigadier-General Slocum:

JOSEPH HOWLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 3, 1861.-Skirmish at Sprinfield Station, Va.

Report of Brigadier General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army.

OCTOBER 3, 1861.

Eight hundred men of Newton's brigade, under the command of Colonel Pratt, thirty-first Your Regiment, went out to Springfield to-day with a train for wood and sleepers. They drove in the enemy's pickets at Springfield with no loss, and brought off thirty-two car loads of wood and sleepers. They heard rumors of a large force of the enemy at Annandale, some 8,000, but I do not think the information reliable.

Colonel Pratt conducted the expedition with great judgment.

W. B. FRANKLIN.

Brigadier-General.

General McCLELLAN.

OCTOBER 4, 1861.-Skirmish near Edward ferry, Maryland.

.

Report of Brigadier General Charles p. Stone, u. S. Army.

POOLESVILLE, October 4, 1861-3.15 p. m.

The enemy opened fire on our lookout near Edwards Ferry at 9 a. m. His firing was wild and without effect. I returned his fire with three Parrott 10-pounders, and he retired.

