
was Private Edgar Ross, of Company C, Third Wisconsin Regiment, who was wounded in the action. Tho other, Corporal Beniah Pratt, of Company A, Twenty-eight Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, was accidentally taken by a few of the enemy, whom he mistook for Massachusetts men, their uniform corresponding in all respects to that of the latter. The four men who were killed were afterwards charged upon by the cavalry and stabbed through the body, stripped of all their clothing, not excepting their shoes and stockings, and left in perfect nudity. One was l;aid in the form of a crucifixion, with his hands spread out, and cut through the palms with a dull knife. This inhuman treatment incensed my troops exceedingly, and I fear its consequences may be shown in retaliatory acts hereafter.

I visited the iron founder at Shenandoah City, and ascertained that it was used by the rebels for casting shot and shell of all kinds. I ordered it to burned, which was done the same night.

The acts individual gallantry are so numerous in the whole command that it would be impossible to give each an appropriate mention, but I do not hesitate to say that every corps behaved with the colones and courage of veteran troops..

I affords McCook, as an amateur soldier, gun in hand, volunteered and rendered much service during the engagement. I also mention like service rendered by Benjamin G. Owen, esq., of Saint Louis. Both of the gentlemen were greatly exposed during the action.

I am informed by authority deemed reliable that the enemy's forces consisted of the following troops, viz: The Thirteenth and Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, the Eight Virginia Regiment of Infantry, Colonel Ashby's regiment of cavalry, and Rogers' Richmond battery of six pieces and one 32-pounder columbiad, all commanded by General Evans in person.

Bolivar Height were taken at 1.30 p. m. I directed out troops to rest there until 12 o'clock at night, when we fired a farewell shot into Halltown, and as there was no longer any necessity to remain on that side of the Potomac, our errand having been crowned with the fullest success, I marched my command to the Ferrt, and in five hours it was safety langer in Maryland. There being no immediate apprehensions of the enemy there, I ordered the Wisconsin companies to report to Colonel Ruger, their commander, in Freding, and returned to this place with part of my regiment and the two guns of the New York battery, heaving Captain Tompkins' guns and one company of my own regiment with Major Gould, to guard against any further outbreak.

A flag of truce was sent to men on the morning of the 17th by Colonel Ashby, commander of the rebel cavalry, with a letter dated at Charlestown, inquiring concerning Rev. Mr. North. he stated that, as Mr. North's horse had gone home wounded, his family feared he had been killed. The colonel requested that, as he was a non-combatant, he hoped I would release him. The testimony against him from other sources not being quite so satisfactory, I have determined to retain him, and forward him with the others to such destination as the general may designate. I received assurances from the bearer of the flag that Corporal Pratt was well, and that every attention was being given to the would of Private Edgar Ross, and that he did not consider his case a dangerous one.

On this morning a few of the enemy in citizens' dress came secretary to Harper's Ferry, by way of the Shenandoah road, burned Herr's mill,

