
from which a great portion of the went had been taken, and immediately retired.

The forge is a correct official statement of the engagement at Bolivar Heights October 16, 1861.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eight Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major J. P. Gould, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

SIR: At your request I write you what I saw and heard on Wednesday,, October 16 [1861], the day of the Bolivar skirmish. On the night previous-a delightful moonlight night-I went out on our line of picket guards, and did not return to the mill till 12 o'clock, when I bunked down in the counting-room and remained till 6 in the morning, when I arose, examined the remaining grain of the mill, the quarters of Company I, Thirteenth Massachusetts, near the mill; quarters of Companies K and C, and the ferry. I them went upon Camp Hill, and vistaed all the public buildings where the Wisconsin and the Pennsylvania troops were quartered, and observed all thinks quiet, and was informed by the officer of the day that all had been quiet during the night. Captain Bertram had to the Maryland side to supervise the further progress of the boating of the went and laying the large cable across, for great conveniences. Whilst taking breakfast at my quarters I heard a cannonading, and immediately sent an agent to learn of it, the firing was being done by our troops. I was soon informer that the enemy advancing. I sent a telegram to the Point of Rocks to hold all cars in reading to take troops here. I then repaired to the locks, and gave orders in regard to the boating, laying the cable, and relative to firing the cannon, if opportunity offered. By order of the colonel, sent for Captain Meyer's company, and passed over the other side to supervise with regard to arrangements then necessary at the landing. I then received the order from the colonel to order up Major Tyndale and his force. I returned and gave this order by telegraph. At this time, learning that the cavalry were advancing from the woods, I ordered Captain Tompkins' battery to fire upon them. Again I passed over to Virginia, and passed most up Camp Hill, when I received an order I returned to execute. White effecting it Major Tyndale came up with his force. I took the liberty, as I said to him, to order over the river two-thirds of his force. He asked what the exact orders of the colonel were, for he wished to be governed by the colonel's order strictly, but afterwards the colonel sent for this part of the force. Whilst this force and the ammunition were passing the river the rebels fired upon them from the Loudoun Heights by rifle shots. I ordered one of iron guns to fire upon them with canister; two silenced them. I ordered on iron gun to play upon the guns on Loudoun Heights, from which they were throwing shells on to and other the mill, white slugs, and I learn that it seemed to have some good effect. A large body of cavalry was seen in Loudoun,

