
opposite Sandy Hook. I ordered down half of a company of the Pennsylvania men, and the cavalry dispersed. The shells were thrown regularly from Loudoun Heights, till their cessation, over the mill and Hall's Rifle Works, where were posted Company I and part of Company K of the Thirteenth Regiment.

At past 2 o'clock, after the firing from Loudoun Heights had ceased, the colonel ordered over the New York battery. This order I received while going up Camp Hill to go on to field at Bolivar. The Rhode Island Battery continued to fire until I learned that his shell were falling short of the enemy and among our own men, when I ordered a close.

This companies what I actually saw at a distance-the retreat and advance of our right. It seemed to be a premeditated attack. Indeed, I learn since that it was much of a concerted affair. The names of the killed and wounded I have been unable to obtain.

J. P. GOULD,

Major.

Earlier I should have sent this statement; but besides being quite unwell, there was much necessary and pressing business connected wither the closing up of this adventure, every part of which needed mu personal attention. But, from the accounts I see in the papers, I infer that there is no Major Gould at this post, and, if here, he is only an intruded; nor had he anything to do with getting the wheat. Indeed, his name does not occur in a long whole-column article of to-day's Baltimore paper. Let Ceasar have his own.

Most obediently,

J. P. GOULD.

Colonel JOHN W. GEARY.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Henry Bertram, Their Wisconsin Infantry.

FREDERICK CITY, MD., October 18, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant, while Company A, Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, under my command, was in quarters at Harper's Ferry, cannonading was heard early in the morning in the direction of Halltown; and soon after our pickets were driven in by the advancing enemy. I formed company immediately, and moved out toward Bolivar; was there met by Colonel Geary, who ordered me to protect the left flank and road on the Shenandoah.

In obedience to this, I deployed company as skirmishers, let resting on the Shenandoah, the enemy mean time throwing shell's upon us from Loudoun Heights. Having but limited range of observation, I ascended the hill under which my men were covered, and reconnoitering, saw a column of the enemy's infantry, with Confederate colors flying, marching down the road to Bolivar, followed by a corps of artillerymen with a heavy piece of artillery. On bringing forward my left flank I sent in a galling fire, just as the enemy had planted their cannon, covered by a large brick house from the fire of our battery on the maryland Heights. After sustaining out fire for some fifteen minutes the enemy retreated, taking with them their cannon. I followed in pursuit, a heavy ground and deep gully being between me and the enemy. On coming to the road, I was joinder by Lieutenant O'Brien with C, Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer, and moved on together under a heavy fire from our right and front, and took possession of the brick house, one

