
October 15,30 men were detailed to do duty at the mail, and 23, under my command, detail to act as a reserve, and stationed near the outposts on the Charlestown road. On the morning of October 15, being officer of the day, went to headquarters, leaving Sergeant J. T. Marvin in command. At 7.30 o'clock the pickets were fired upon by the enemy advancing on the Charlestown road. The reserve went to their support, and joining a company of the Pennsylvania Twenty-eight, (Captain Copeland), [F], engaged the enemy's cavalry, firing and falling back the ought the timber. During this time the enemy were throwing shell from the hill beyond, which fell in their midst, and their infantry, advancing up the road, cut them off from their camp, and were obliged to leave their overcoats and blankets, which fell into the hands of the enemy. Advancing up through Bolivar with the rest ot the company (Wisconsin), joined by the reserve, deploying to the right and advancing up the hill, intending to flank under the protection of one battery on the other side of the river, but were ordered back to the village by Colonel Geary and then to fall back across the ravine. Soon after were ordered to take position ont eh Shenandoah, to cut of the enemy's advance on our left, under continual fire from the enemy's battery on Loudoun Heights until it was silenced by the battery on Maryland Heights. Remained there until the arrival of the New York Artillery, when we were ordered to join the line, and advanced to the ridge formerly occupied by our pickets, the enemy retreating over the ridge beyond; lay on our arms until 11 o'clock, when we were ordered back to and across the river. Marched to Sandy Hook, and remained, waiting for a train to take us to Frederick, until 5.30 p. m.; took the train, and arrived at Frederick at 8 o'clock p. m. October 17, 1861.

Very respectfully,

GEO. J. WHITMAN,

Captain Company H. Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN W. GEARY.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Moses O'Brien, Third Wisconsin Infantry.

OCTOBER 18, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant the company under my command-Company C, Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers-was quartered in town at Harper's Ferry, and at about 7 o'clock a. m. a cannonading was heard, appearing to emanate beyond the heights known as the Bolivar Heights. i forthwith order the company to prepare for action, and [as] soon as in ranks, I moved out upon the road in the direction of the firing. Meeting Colonel Geary, was ordered by him to protect the left flank to the right and rearward of Captain Bertram's Company (A), Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, my right on the Halltown turnpike, company into skirmish line. Then, on reconnoitering, I observed a column of infantry and also a squadron of cavalry advancing toward Bolivar from the Shenandoah road, and also another column of infantry and cavalry and a heavy piece of artillery. The enemy's right was being down towards Captain bertram. I them advanced at double-quick to his assistance. At this time the enemy commenced shelling us from a battery on Loudoun Heights. The enemy gained the outskirts of the town of Bolivar and planted their gun behind a large brick house, well covered from our batteries, and supported by a large force of infantry. I opened fire

