
(Captain Turner's and mason's) of Colonel McDonald's regiment, I wrote to General Evans to cop-operate with me, taking position upon Loudoun Heights, and thereby prevent re-enforcements from below, and at the some time to drive them out of the Ferry, where they were under cover in the buildings.

On the evening of the 15th I was re-enforced by two companies of Colonel McDonald's regiment (Captain Wingfideld's), fully armed with Minie rifles, and mounted; Captain Miller's, about 30 men mounted, the balance on foot, armed with flint-lock. I had one rifled 4-pounder gun, one 24-pounder gun badly mounted, which broke an axle in Bolivar, and I had to spike it. My force the morning of the attack consisted of 300 militia, part of two regiments commanded by Colonel Albert, of Shenandoah, and Major Finter, of Page. I had 180 of Colonel McDonald's cavalry (Captain Henderson's men), under command of Lieutenant Glynn; captain Baylor's mounted militia; Captain Hess, about 25 each. The rifled gun was under command of Captain Avirett, the 24-pounder under Captain Comfield.

I made the attack in three divisions, and drove the enemy from their breastworks without loss of a man, and took position upon the hill, driving the enemy as far as Lower Bolivar. There the large gun broke down, and this materially affected the result. The detachment from the large gun was transferred to the rifled piece, and Captain Avirett was sent to Loudoun Heights with massage to Colonel Griffin.

The enemy now formed and charged with shouts and yells, which the militia met like veterans. At this moment i ordered a charge of cavalry, which was handsomely done. Captain Turner's in the lead. In this charge 5 of the enemy were killed. After holding this position for four hours the enemy were re-enforced by infantry and artillery, and we fell back in order to the position which their pickets occupied in the morning. The position which Colonel held upon Loudoun was such as to be of very little assistance to us, not being so elevated as to prevent them from controlling the crossing.

My main force is now at Camp Evans, while I hold all the intermediate ground. The enemy left the Ferry last night, and are encamped upon the first plateau on Maryland heights.

My loss as 1 killed and 9 wounded. Report from the Ferry states the loss of the enemy at 25 killed and a number wounded. We have 2 Yankee prisoners and 8 Union men co-operating with them. We took a large number of blankets, overcoats, and about one dozen guns.

I cannot compliment my officers and men too highly for their gallant bearing during the whole fight, considering the bad arms with which the were supplied and their inexperience. I cannot impress too forcibly the necessity of perfect organization of my artillery and the forwarding at a very early day of the other guns promised. These guns are drawn by horses obtained for the occasion, and are worked by volunteers. We are in want of cavalry arms and long-range guns, and would be glad to have an arrangement made to mount my men.

I herewith submit Surgeon West;s report,* and cannot compliment him too highly, and respectfully submit his name as one warty of an appointment. He is temporarily employed by me as a surgeon.

Casualties: Wounded, 13.

Your obedient servant,

TURNER ASHBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding in Jefferson County.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

