
The fortifications at Dickerson's farm were very respectable and extensive. The line of Floyd's stockade a mile long; a cremaillere line for infantry 700 yards. Two embrasure batteries to defend passage across Miller's Ferry and front attack. Our success in concealing real point of attack was perfect. Continued high water alone prevented a perfect success sand capture; and fatal want of nerve and inaction caused the second plan to fail, which would have been equally successful, as we learned. They now draw their supplies from new depot, established at Newbern, east of Wytheville, on railroad. Rumor of re-enforcement to Floyd from General Davis appears tolerably authentic. Effect of this defeat on the whole to be sen. believe it will be the last attempt to force Gauley Pass. Propose at once to brigade troops and dispose them to hold winter quarters.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

CAMP GAULEY, November 16, 1861.

Since my Numbers 9 [next preceding] Fayetteville is occupied by General Schenck. Road to Bowyer's Ferry reconnoitered. Enemy's tents left hidden have been burned. County being examined with a view to its defense, and an advance by pack-mules to Newbern, the new depot of the rebels. Benham's brigade returned to its camp, 6 miles below the mouth of Gauley. Enemy said to have had 500 wagons running from Raleigh to Newbern. Roads in bad condition. Country above Fayette more open than any on the Philippi road, which you remember. Floyd had engaged Huddleston house, 3 miles from Gauley bridge, for his winter quarters. It wanted nothing but a vigorous execution of plans in all respect successful to have secured his entire army. I am in the utmost need of regular officers for an aide and for an inspector general in place of Major Slemmer, sick. Also, some ordnance officers at headquarters.

I perceive in the paper a new arrangement of departments, whereby, as I understand it, General Kelley is detached from my command. Any arrangement that will conduce to the public interest will be satisfactory to me, but I respectfully call your attention to the fact that I have to draw all my supplies from Cincinnati. My staff are now left in another department; an anomaly which ought not to exist. I have to use Gallipolis as a hospital station and depot for stores, also in another department. I have no control, therefore, over my sick who go there and no right to order officers there. I am obliged to resort to Marrieta and the Muskingum Valley for forage, and have a quartermaster stationed at Marrieta, where is a depot for receiving horses worked down in the service. The only ordnance officer I have is at Ballaire, in Ohio. I have also 35 miles of telegraph line, connecting line down this valley by point Pleasant with Hamden, saving forty cents on every ten words transmitted either east or west. It seems to me Ohio is a much more necessary part of this department than of that of Cumberland. Should you think otherwise, I beg you at least to issue such orders as will secure what I have spoken of as necessary beyond the question of interference. The anomalous position of my staff at Cincinnati has prevented me from having the services of Assistant Adjutant-General McLean, though much needed. While though apparently under my command he has been receiving orders and discharging duties directed by another general

