
nearly pacified and disposed to return to the Union than they ever have been since the commencements of the war.

It has been with great regret that I have found it necessary to censure a general officer for the failure to capture the rebel forces who were justly ours..

It is a great pleasure to say to the commanding general that I have found General Cox prudent, brave, and soldierly, and I specially commend his prudence and firmness in occupying Cotton Hill details of which are given in his report in the appendix.

I bear cordial testimony to the courage and promptitude of General Schenck, and only regret that his exposure, when he first came here, has deprived me for the present of his services. It is my duty also highly to commend Major Crawford, not only for the signal ability with which he reconnoitered Townsend's Ferry and prepared the means of crossing, laboring day and night in the most inclement weather to get everything in readiness. To his exertions mainly the accomplishment of this difficult and arduous task is chiefly due. I have also made special mention of the daring reconnaissance made by Sergeant Haven, of the Twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who crossed the river at the ferry, and reconnoitered alone the road the other side, clear into the enemy's camp at Fayetteville. For the mention of others especially distinguished I refer to the subreports in the appendix; and if I have forborne to signalize the individual members of my staff, it is not because they do not deserve special mention, but because such mention as that has become stereotyped, and everybody excepts to see it at the close of a report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 2, 1861.

You will immediately prepare to cross the river for an operation either up Paint or Look Creek. The steps thereto are rest for the men, boats to cross, ammunition in sufficient quantities. Tyler will be ordered to send you 500 picked men, Woods 500, and Siber 500. It will take probably two days to organize this movement. We hope to cross at or near Miller's Ferry in force, at the same time we make a strong demonstration or attack on their front. Let everything be done to secure supplies; every facility made use of. Advise me of your progress.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, care of General Cox, Gauley.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 3, 1861.

Colonel Woods has been ordered to you temporarily for duty. Assign him to command Tenth Regiment. Let Captain Amis and a portion of his men come up to serve the guns. Sent him an order to-day. You will have to get guides below. None here to be got.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

