
at once to the Fayette road. Make every exertion to render such a movement easy. Were it possible to find out whether the enemy commences a retreat to-night or not, which I think he certainly ought to do, you ought to move with all your force, except, say, 500 men, by Cassidy's Mill, and intercept them. Hoping he may not do so, Schenck's brigade will be ordered down, and will pass over to-morrow night. Advise me the very road to reach the Raleigh pike from the falls, by Nugent's, by Loop Creek, or by some point near you across by Cassidy's Mill. Meanwhile give your troops as much rest and refreshment as possible. Communicate frequently with me. If no movements are necessary to-morrow morning, look for good position for a regiment to hold Cotton Hill.

Brigadier-General BENHAM.

[Inclosure Numbers 37.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 13, 1861.

I hope your camp equipage has been ordered up. Make every arrangement to occupy the hill, and make you troops comfortable until others come over. Keep up your supplies of provisions, so as to have three days ahead. Next ascertain the routes by which the Raleigh road may be reached in the best ways from any point between your position and the mouth of Loop.

Brigadier-General BENHAM.

[Inclosure Numbers 38.]

Information from Bushy Knob shows the enemy have retreated, and the proper way is to send word to the troops at Cassidy's Mill to press on them and push up the Fayette road.

[Inclosure Numbers 39.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 13, 1861 - 5.30 p. m.

Your Numbers 32, dated 2 p. m., just received. The commanding general does not think the rebels have entirely gone, but what their force may be is unknown. General Schenck, with his entire brigade, comes over to-night to re-enforce you. Being the senior, he will assume command until the commanding general comes over. You will therefore report to him, and, after stating fully the position of everything, act under his orders. The general understands you have ordered the force from Cassidy's Mill. Its withdrawal is in face of his express orders for its occupation, and what seems to him a plain military advantage requires something more in explanation than has been reported to him to justify it, which he awaits. He does not wish to attack Floyd by the front only, but if we can get his left flank and rear we shall succeed in crushing him.

Brigadier-General BENHAM.

[Inclosure Numbers 40.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 13, 1861.

Your 33 received at 7 p. m. This goes by Miller's Ferry. Regret that the detachments at Cassidy's Mill was not pushed forward towards

