
Fayette. Your idea that the rebels may be sleeping is a good one, and strikes me favorably. Much will depend whether you shall pursue them on the condition and strength of your troops and the provisions you have. Of these things I know nothing. A question of pursuit is therefore left to your discretion. You can now send by Miller's Ferry, which will much shorten the line of communication. I shall for Fayette by 8 to-morrow morning, and hope to hear from you whatever you deem proper before that time. General Schenck with his entire brigade is already in camp a Huddleston's. If, therefore, there were a chance to overtake the flying foe, your support is certain. You have more than one-fourth as many troops as the retreating foe.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Fayetteville.

[Addenda.]

NOVEMBER 12, 1861.

Brigadier General R. C. SCHENCK, Camp Ewing, W. Va.:

The commanding general directs you to break your camp at Ewing to-morrow morning and proceed with your command across the river at Gauley Bridge to the Cotton Hill. The troops should have two days' rations in their haversacks. Their baggage should follow under command of the rear guard, which may be composed of your advanced pickets. You will order Captain Mack to report to Colonel McCook for temporary duty. West's cavalry will come down and encamp at or below Gauley. The troops should move early, and get, if possible, past McCook's camp before the fog gets off the river. Colonel McCook will remain in command of the troops covering the position on this side. Give orders to have all the material that can be saved brought away from Townsend's Ferry. If the boats can be hidden for a few days, I think they may be hidden as well as the pieces for the bull-boat. This is on the supposition that we cannot cross at Townsend's Ferry, while we know we can cross down here. A trusty man should be sent to-night to ascertain whether the river will fall sufficiently; and in case it does not, to be provided with the necessary help and give the necessary directions.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 13, 1861 - 9.45 p. m.

Brigadier General R. C. SCHENCK, Camp Huddleston, W. Va.:

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. received. You will probably not be required to advance much farther. Fayette Court-House is ours. Benham has orders to consider the condition of his men and use his discretion as to pursuit. The last of the rebels passed Fayette at daylight this a. m. You will hear from him during the night if he can find any one; if not, send for sledges - that is, stone-hammers, picks, and shovels - and put pioneers on the road to repair it.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 14, 1861.

Brigadier General R. C. SCHENCK (care of Colonel McCook):

Your dispatches received, inclosing one from General Benham. Commanding general's opinion of the pursuit is, that all that could be.

