
Alden), and assistants, crossed at Harrison's Island, November 6, at 9 a. m. Had a courteous interview with Lieutenant-Colonel Jenifer, to whom were delivered the stores and money intended for the wounded of our forces at Leesburg. The body of Captain Alden was disinterred and removed. Lieutenant-Colonel Jenifer assured Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey that the wounded of our troops at Leesburg were as well cared for as their own wounded. He also stated that six of our wounded had died and that our dead had all been buried; that none of the field and staff of the Twentieth Massachusetts were wounded; that Colonel Cogswell was lightly wounded in the finger, and nowhere else.

(From report of Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey.)

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, December 2, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel HARDIE, Aide-de-Camp:

Stated concisely, the narrative would be this:

General Stone directed Colonel Baker to go to the right and in his discretion to recall the troops then over the river or cross more force. Colonel Baker made up his mind and declared it before he reached the crossing place, to cross with his whole force.

General Stone directed five companies to be thrown into a strong mill on the right of Ball's Bluff. Colonel Baker allowed these companies to be diverted to the front.

General Stone sent cavalry scouts to be thrown out in advance of the infantry on the right. Colonel Baker allowed this cavalry to return without scouting and did not replace it, although he had plenty at his disposition.

Colonel Baker assumed command on the right about 10 a. m., but never sent an order or messenger to the advanced infantry until it was pressed back to the bluff about 2.15 p. m.

Colonel Bake spent more than an hour in personally superintending the lifting of a boat from the canal to the river, when a junior officer or sergeant would have done as well, the men time neglecting to visit or give orders to the advanced force in the face of the enemy.

No order of passage was arranged for the boats; no guards were established at the landing; no boats; crews detailed.

Lastly, the troops were so arranged on the field a sot expose them all to fire, while but few could fire on the enemy. His troops occupied all the cleared ground in the neighborhood, while the enemy had the woods and the commanding wooded height, which last he might easily have occupied before the enemy came up.

The within narrative will be sent to-morrow, unless, as to-day, important duties prevent its being finished.

CHAS. P. STONE.

