
Hinks) saw from Harrison's Island of the engagement on the Virginia shore on the 21st ultimo and of his own regiment's part in guarding the island and securing and caring for the wounded as they were brought from the field, a statement reflecting severely on the conduct of the gallant Tammany regiment. Colonel Hinks reports that a portion of the Tammany regiment deserted the island on the morning of October 22nd in disobedience of orders.

The commanding general deems it proper to give publicity to the fact that he himself requested Major-General Banks to relieve the companies of the Tammany early on that morning, and that the order was given immediately that they should be relieved and replaced by fresh troops from General Hamilton's brigade.

Commanding officers are cautioned against making unnecessary and rash statements in their reports, especially in cases where the honor and reputation of other regiments may be involved; as from such statements not only great injustice may be done, but ill-will, most prejudicial to the good of the service, is certain to be engendered.

By order of Brigadier-General Stone:

C. STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis W. Palfrey, Twentieth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT MASS. VOLUNTEERS,Camp Benton, Poolesville, Md., October 24, 1861.

GOVERNOR: It is my painful duty to make the following report:

On the morning of the 21st Colonel Lee, with Major Revere and Adjutant Pierson, conducted the whole or the greater part of Companies A, C, D, E, G, H, and I, of the above regiment, to a point on the Virginia shore opposite Sullivan's [Harrison's] Island, a little below Conrad's Ferry. The command numbered something over 300 men. They were accompanied or followed by other troops, the Fifteenth Massachusetts, Colonel Devens, among them. They were soon attacked by the enemy, who outnumbered them greatly. The attack continued to be made it intervals, and most of the fighting was inthe afternoon.

They were very severely treated, and the following is the assault, as nearly as I can state it: Missing: Colonel Lee, Major Revere, Adjutant Pierson, Assistant Surgeon Revere, and First Lieutenant George B. Perry, believed to be prisoners; First Lieutenant Babo and Second Lieutenant Wesselhoeft, believed to be drowned.

Wounded in this camp: Captain Dreher, shot through the head from cheek to check, recovery possible; Captain J. C. Putnam, right arm taken off at socket, doing well; First Lieutenant O. W. Holmes shot through chest from side to side, doing well; Captain Schmitt, shot three times through leg and through small of the back from side to side, doing well; First Lieutenant J. J. Lowell, shot in leg, not serious, and Second Lieutenant Putnam was shot in the bowels, and died in this camp yesterday. His body was sent on to Boston this morning.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing of non-commissioned officers and privates is reported at 147, of whom 45 are at this camp, and most of them will recover. The other wounded are believed to be prisoners.

