
Milton Cogswell, of the Tammany regiment, assumed command of the brigade. Though the fortunes of the Union forces had already commenced to wane, Colonel Cogswell rallied them with consummate skill, and when retreat became inevitable, drew off the men in the best possible style, ordering them to casted their muskets and accouterments into the river rather than leave them as trophies for the rebels. He was wounded in the hand, though it is supposed not seriously, sufficiently so, however, to prevent him from swimming to the island, in consequence of which he was doubtless taken prisoner.

Captain Harrington [Company A] conducted himself both of the battle-field and in the retreat with great coolness and discretion. On seeing that he must either be killed or taken prisoner, he threw his sword in the river, divested himself of his wearing apparel, and swam to the island.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to Captain O'Meara [Company E] and those index his command. They fought with undaunted bravery and great efficiency, and when vanquished at last, Captain O'Meara swam to the island and implored Colonel Hinks, then in command there, for the use of a boat to rescue his brave men from the hands of the enemy, and failing in this, he recrossed the river to virginia in order to assist his men in person with the best means he could devise to escape. As he did not return it is presumed that he is now a prisoner in the hands of the enemy. His persistent efforts in behalf of the safety and welfare of those under is command are worthy of the highest encomiums.

Captain Alden [Company H] fell at almost the first volley from the enemy. His remains were afterward recognized by Captain Vaughan, of the Third Rhode Island Battery, who crossed to the Virginia shore with a flag of truce on the 23rd instant and buried a portion of the dead. Though deprived of their commander thus early in the action, the company still continued to fight with commendable ardor.

The supposition that Captain Grerety [Company K] is among the killed is well founded, though not fully authenticated. He shouldered a musket and was seen to be engaged in the conflict in person. It is credited that he was killed pierced with several balls, and that his body was afterward terribly mutilated by passing cavalry of the enemy. Sergt. Thomas Wright, of Company G, who was detailed on the island to assist in the transportation of troops, is missing.

The detachment of the Tammany regiment that remained on the island in consequence of the accident hereford mentioned - consisting of Companies B, Lieutenant James McGraph commanding; D, Captain Isaac Gottohold commanding; F, Captain J. W. Tobin commanding; G, Captain John Quinn commanding; and I, Captain David Hogg commanding - were on active and arduous service from the moment of their arrival on the island until 2 p. m. of the succeeding day in taking care of and conveying the wounded to the hospital, and in standing in the entrenchments as a guard under a heavy and incessant fire from the enemy. Notwithstanding the inclement wind and storm that prevailed during the night, the men performed the disagreeable task assigned them without a murmur.

During the forenoon of the 22nd the Tammany regiment was relieved by the Twenty-seventh Indiana Regiment, of General Hamilton's brigade.

The regiment was then marched back to Camp Lyon, and though grieved and disappointed at the result of the engagement with the enemy, their zeal and ardor are unabated. The inauspicious result,

