
taken were 22 commissioned officers, the names of whom have already been furnished.

General C. P. Stone commanded the Federal forces until 3 o'clock on the morning of the 22nd, when he was supersede by Major General N. P. Banks.

The engagement on our side was fought entirely with the musket. The artillery was in position to do effective service should the enemy have advanced from their cover. The enemy were armed with the Minie musket, the Belgian gun, and Springfield musket; a telescopic target rifle was also among the arms found.

In closing my report I would call the attention of the general commanding to the heroism and gallantry displayed by the officers and men of the Seventh Brigade in the actions of the 21st and 22nd of October. The promptness with which, every commander obeyed and the spirit with which their men executed my orders to attack the enemy in much superior force and in a position where he ha great advantages entitles them to the thanks of the Southern Confederacy. Without food or rest for more than twelve hours previous to the commencement of the battle, they drove an enemy four times their number from the soil of Virginia, killing and taking prisoners a greater number than our whole force engaged. To witness the patience, enthusiasm, and devotion of the troops to our cause during an action of thirteen hours excited my warmest admiration.

As my entire brigade exceeded my most sanguine expectations in their intrepidity and endurance, I am unable to individualize any particular command, as the tenacity with which each regiment held their positions was equaled only by their undaunted courage and firm determination to conquer.

To my general staff I am much indebted. Major John D. Rogers, brigade quartermaster, was directed to conduct the baggage train beyond Goose Creek, which difficult duty was performed in the night with great regularity. Captain Orr, brigade commissary, was actively engaged in securing commissary stores and in providing cooked rations for the brigade. To my acting aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Charles B. Wildman, of the Seventeenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, and my volunteer aide, Mr. William H. Rogers, I am particularly indebted for services on the field of battle. Lieutenant Wildman conducted the Eighteenth Regiment and Mr. Rogers the Seventeenth Regiment of Mississippi Volunteers to their respective positions in the action, and both repeatedly bore my orders under heavy fire. Captain A. L. Evans, assistant adjutant-general, though detained by other duty till 2 o'clock p.m., rendered valuable service. The medical staff, both brigade and regimental, were all actively engaged during the day in removing the dead and wounded and in patriotically administering relief to the dying on the field.

I am pained to report the fall of the gallant Colonel E. R. Burt, of the Eighteenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers. He was mortally wounded about 4 o'clock p.m., while gallantly leading his regiment under a tremendous fire. His loss is truly severe to his regiment and to our common cause.

At about 2 o'clock p.m. on the 21st I sent a message to General R. L. Wright to bring his militia force to my assistance at Fort Evans. He reported to me in person that he was unable to get his men to turn out, though there were a great number in town and arms and ammunition were offered them.

The prisoners taken were sent to Manassas under charge of Captain O. R. Singleton, of the Eighteenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, with

