
with the division by a narrow road which led through dense thickets to the corner of Daily's field, I examined the ground, and found it necessary to move some hundred yards to the right of the road, in order to avoid being observed by the enemy's pickets, who were posted in large numbers along a cross fence running from Daily's house to the point of the ridge on which we were advancing. I accordingly filed the division by the right about 150 yards, crossed a small ravine, and filed by the left to the top of the ridge, where the line was formed, about 75 paces to the rear of the supposed position of the enemy's battery.

At the signal to advance the division moved in excellent order, and with as much silence as practicable, through the dense undergrowth of pine which separated us from the point of attack to within 30 paces of the enemy's pickets. Here the firing commenced on either side, when I ordered the charge, which was obeyed with the greatest enthusiasm and gallantry. The enemy fled in great confusion and were pursued into the open field, when I ordered the division to fall back and load under cover or the woods. The enemy's battery had been removed from the position taken in the morning, and their batteries stationed in the open field several hundred yards from the front of the division opened upon us with shell, when I gave the order to advance and form on the right of the regiment, which was done. During the charge of the regiment and division upon the enemy in the open field Lieutenant H. C. Fluker and Private Asa Simmons, of Captain McElroy's company (G), were mortally wounded. In the charge of the enemy some 30 are supposed to have been killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. ECKFORD,

Captain Company C, Thirteenth Regiment Miss. Vols.

Colonel WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Thirteenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers..

Numbers 25. Report of Captain L. D. Fletcher, Thirteenth Mississippi Infantry.

LEESBURG, October 22, 1861.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part my company took in the engagement on yesterday, the 21st, near this place:

In obedience to an order received from you I reported my company, numbering about 90 men, to General Evans at Fort Evans, who ordered me to advance and skirmish a skirt of woods opposite and near to a small house, said to be Mrs. Jackson's. Upon my arrival there I encountered the pickets of the enemy, who held a position along a line of fence. They opened a fire upon my company, which was returned, the pickets of the enemy falling back into the field and some of them occupying positions in and around the house of Mrs. Jackson. My company continued to advance until we reached the fence just left by the enemy, who continued to fire upon us from the field and house, the fire being constantly returned by my men.

Finding that the enemy were so concealed that they could fire upon me with effect without my being able to reach them, I ordered my men

