
repulsed. I submit herewith the report made to me by Captain Duff, giving a detailed account of his movements during the day.

It gives me much pleasure to express my entire satisfaction with the conduct of the officers and men of my regiment during the entire day. Indeed too much praise cannot be given to our troops for the coolness and courage with which they met and repulsed the enemy at every point. In the last charge, which crowned our success and completed the discomfiture of the enemy, no troops could have behaved better. The whole line moved forward in the most admirable order upon a vastly superior force, reserving their fire until within the most effective range; then pouring it in with deadly effect, and rushing forward over ground broken into abrupt hills and ravines and covered with thick woods, without a single halt or waver, until the enemy were literally driven into the river; and this, too, under a heavy fire, and after having been under arms almost without intermission for more than thirty-six hours, and while wearied with several long and rapid movements made during the preceding day and night. While such a spirit animates our soldiers we can never know defeat.

In all our movements during the battle, as well as those preceding and following it, I was much indebted to the officers of my staff for their active and cheerful exertions and co-operations. Adjutant Fiser, in particular rendered most important and effective service upon the left of our regiment during the battle, and also in carrying communications between myself and other commanders, in which he was often exposed to great danger.

When all the troops engaged, both officers and men, behaved with so much gallantry, it would be unnecessary and invidious to attempt to particularize any of the numerous instances of individual heroism which have come to my notice.

In conclusion I would state, with much pleasure and thankfulness, that notwithstanding the heavy fire to which we were exposed our loss is remarkably small, being only 2 killed and 9 wounded. I can attribute this under Providence only to the fact that throughout the entire engagement my regiment preserved the most perfect order in their alignments and obedience to orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Colonel Seventeenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

General N. G. EVANS,

Commanding Seventh Brigade, First Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John McGuirk, Seventeenth Mississippi Infantry, of events October 20-23.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT MISS., VOLS.,In Camp near Carter's Mill, October 25, 1861.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that in accordance with your instructions issued to me as field officer of the day at the burnt bridge, on the Alexandria and Leesburg turnpike, October 20, at 5 o'clock p.m., I proceeded in the direction of Edwards Ferry. I found Colonel

