
ment to secure and bring forward the balance of the prisoners. On leaving the field with a strong detachment of prisoners I was met by Colonel Hunton, of the Eighth Virginia Volunteers, who requested me to return with 15 men to act as picket guard. I went forward, reported the prisoners to you, and by you was ordered back to the battle-field and to remain until relieved. I took from my regiment a detachment of 90 men. When I reached the field I found a small picket under charge of a lieutenant. Shortly after I arrived Mr. E. White (of Ashby's cavalry) entered the field with two companies of the Eighth Virginia Volunteers. I joined my force to his, and leaving a small detachment above to fire on the enemy if they attempted to escape by boats across to the island, with the remainder of the detachment we went forward under the cliffs and took many prisoners; in fact the greatest number taken at any one time. To do this we were compelled from the Red Shale Cliffs to fire upon them as they attempted to cross in the scows to Harrison's Island. Many who had reached half way across turned back.

I rendered the prisoners to Mr. White (whose gallant action during the day deserves commendation), who conducted them to headquarters. According to your orders I remained at that point during the night, superintending the collecting of arms and the sending forward of captured arms, ammunition, accouterments, and other captured arms, ammunition, accouterments, and other captured property found on the battle-field. On the next day Captain Vaughan, of the Federal Army, asked permission, under flag of truce, to come to the river bank and bury the dead. This was granted, by the enemy remaining upon the island without attempting to add to or diminish their forces. During the time Captain Vaughan was on this side I discovered the enemy moving off the island and towards Edwards Ferry. I notified Captain Vaughan of the fact, and told him if the two boats loaded were not brought back I would hold him as prisoner of war on account of violating the treaty. He had them brought back. I did this from the fact that there was a large force on the island, which I could hold in check with my small force and prevent the troops from re-enforcing the enemy who had landed at Edwards Ferry.

About 3 or 4 o'clock you came on the field and ordered me to the rear of Colonel Barksdale's regiment, on the Edwards Ferry road, to estimate the number of the enemy, who were reported as advancing towards Fort Evans, up the Edwards Ferry road. I placed Major Henry, of Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, in command of the field and immediately proceeded to discharge the duty assigned me. I found Colonel Barksdale slowly retreating in the direction of Fort Evans. I went to the rear of the retreating force. In the direction of the ferry, near Daily's house, I discovered about one company of the enemy's infantry. I could see none other. I endeavored to draw their fire by firing upon them, but could not, although I was in range of ordinary muskets. Not deeming it prudent to advance farther I returned to the breast-works, and was there met by your orderly, with instructions to proceed to the town of Leesburg and collect and stragglers. While in the discharge of this duty I was thrown from my horse, about 9 o'clock p.m. charge of this duty I was thrown from my horse, about 9 o'clock p.m. October 22. My horse fell upon me, and gave me such a shock that I was unable unassisted to get into the saddle. At the hotel I was taken from my horse and assisted to my room, where I remained until early light. Hearing you contemplated a retreat, I proceeded under your directions, on the morning of the 23rd, to collect the artillery, ammunition and small-arms captured from the enemy, and sent them forward in advance. I regret that owing to the want of transportation many small-arms were necessarily left behind when your ordered us forward.

