
eenth Regiment. They did their whole duty. Captains Jayne, Hann, Singleton, Browne, Hill, and Lieutenant Day, in command of the McCluney Rifles, who composed the right wing, behaved most gallantly. Adjt. S. T. Nicholson and Sergt. Major O. E. Stuart were active in the performance of their duties. Lieutenant Bostwick,* of Hann Rifles was seriously wounded while charging with his company of the enemy's battery. Captain A. P. Hill received a wound while gallantly leading his company in the charge. Captains Welborn and Campbell were detached in the morning to assist Captain Duff, and acted with the Eighth Virginia Regiment. Captain Welborn received a wound in the neck. Lieutenant Fearn, of the Burt Rifles, was seriously wounded. Captains Luse and Kearney were deployed to the left of the enemy's battery, under the command of Major Henry. This detachment was joined by the companies of Captains Welborn an Campbell and Captain Fletcher's company of the Thirteenth Regiment, who rendered most efficient service. Captain Kearney's company was afterward sent to re-enforce the right, and ably assisted to bring about the rout and capture of the enemy. Major Henry, who commanded on the left, displayed the utmost coolness in handling the men under his charge. Captain Jayne and Lieutenant Day, of the McCluney Rifles, were thrown forward on the right flank during the last charge, with their companies and contributed much to the capture of the enemy at the river bank. There were many instances of individual heroism, which I have not space to particularize.

The Federal force fought well. A number were killed with the bayonet by my men. The battle lasted until 6 o'clock p.m., when the enemy surrendered. Our victory was most complete. The enemy had at least 3,000 men in the fight, besides a still heavier force at Edwards Ferry. Our whole force did not exceed 1,500 men. The enemy's loss could not have been less than, 1,500 killed, wounded, and prisoners, with a loss of three pieces of artillery and nearly 2,000 stand of arms.

I cannot close my report without mentioning the noble and gallant conduct of Colonel Featherston and Major Lyle, of the Seventeenth Regiment. The Eighth Virginia Regiment behaved most gallantly, and contributed their full share in winning the victory. Inclosed you will find a list of the casualties of the day.+

* * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS M. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Mississippi Volunteers.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS,

Commanding Seventh Brigade, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel Eppa Hunton, Eighth Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,Camp Burt, October 29, 1861

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders, on Monday, the 21st instant, leaving Captain Wampler's company at the burnt bridge on the turnpike, I marched the rest of my command by the fort to a woods about

---------------

*Probably F. Bostick, killed on that date.

+Embodied in return of casualties on p. 353.

---------------

