
1 1/2 miles northeast of the town of Leesburg, and about 12 o'clock m., forming a line of battle, charged through the woods some 700 yards, and met the enemy strongly posted in the edge of the woods with two howitzers and one rifled cannon. The regiment, weakened by the detachment of the gallant Wampler's company, and by sickness, with less than 400 men, with but little aid, fought the enemy in large force strongly posted for about for hours, and drove them back to cover in the woods. At the first from my regiment nearly every man at the enemy's cannon was shot down, and so incessant and galling was the fire we kept up, that there were only three discharges of cannon after the first fire from the Eighth.

At this period our ammunition was nearly exhausted, a large portion of the men having none at all, although they were supplied with forty rounds in the beginning. The enemy had retired under cover of the woods, and the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Mississippi Regiments had arrived on the ground. I gave the order to cease firing for a moment, distributed the few cartridges remaining so as to give all a round of ammunition, and ordered a charge upon the enemy. This charge was made in the most gallant and impetuous manner. Nothing could exceed or scarcely equal the intrepid daring and gallantry displayed by my officers and men in making this charge. Relying almost solely upon the bayonet, they rushed upon and drove back a heavy column of the enemy just landed and captured the two howitzers. In this charge I was assisted by Captain Upshaw, of the Seventeenth Mississippi, Captain Kearney and Captain Welborn, of the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiments, who displayed great gallantry in the charge.

After I had driven the enemy into the woods on my right, my men entirely exhausted by the fatigue of the fight, the Seventeenth Mississippi and I understand a portion of the Eighteenth, charged and gallantly pursued the enemy through the woods on my right until a little after dusk, when they sent in a flag of truce and surrendered. My command captured many prisoners during the fight.

Some time after nightfall I marched my command to the fort, leaving a picket of 12 men, under Lieutenant Charles Berkeley, who volunteered for the service. I also requested Elijah White, of Colonel Ashby's regiment, who was with me during the fight, to remain during the night with this picket. He did so, and by his intimate knowledge of the country and daring courage rendered great service. Lieutenant Berkeley and White reported during the night that there was still a large number of Yankees on the river, and a volunteer expedition was immediately started, under command of Captain William N. Berkeley, consisting of about 40 men, of them officers. This small force, guided by Mr. White, marched to the river and captured 325 prisoners mostly with arms in their hands. They also took a quantity of military equipments. I would like to mention the names of this heroic band, and will if their names can be procured. Officers volunteered and went into the ranks as privates.

I cannot speak too highly of the daring gallantry of the officers and soldiers under my command. With rare exceptions they fought like heroes, bore the great exertions of the day and night with cheerfulness, and responded to every order with alacrity. I would like to enumerate the various and numerous instances of individual heroism by officers and soldiers on that day, but in truth nearly every one who stood by me inthe fight acted the hero. I was very efficiently aided during the battle by Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Tebbs and Major N. Berkeley, to each of whom I am much indebted for the successful fight of the Eighth Vir-

