
ginia. Regiment on that day. Adjutant Bowie and Sergeant-Major Hutchinson and my courier, George W. F. Hammer, also acted very gallantly and rendered me valuable service. While rejoicing over our brilliant victory, I stop to drop a tear to the memory of the gallant dead who gloriously fell on that day in defense of all that is dear to freemen.

Below is a list of the killed and wounded,* which is smaller than might have been expected, owing in part to the fact that I fought my command a portion of the time under the cover of the crest of a hill.

Respectfully submitted.

EPPA HUNTON,

Colonel Eighth Virginia Regiment.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS.

Numbers 31. Report of Colonel W. H. Jenifer, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CAMP,Near Leesburg, Va., October 28, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit my report of a battle with the enemy which took place near Leesburg on the 21st instant.

At 8 o'clock a.m.it was reported to me that the enemy was crossing the Potomac River below Smart's Mill, and about 2 miles distant from Leesburg. Their skirmishers of two companies were advancing rapidly on the town, when they were attacked and driven back by Captain Duff's company, of the Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment. The loss of the enemy in this engagement was 2 killed and 3 wounded. Soon after the enemy was driven back I arrived on the ground with four companies of cavalry, and assisted Captain Duff in securing the wounded of the enemy.

At 9 o'clock I received an order to report with my cavalry to you at Fort Evans. After obeying this order you gave me permission to take my cavalry near the enemy's position in order to make an attack should he again advance. I concealed the cavalry in a ravine near Mr. Trundle's house, ready to make a charge should an opportunity offer. The enemy at this time was under cover of the thick woods between the river and Leesburg, and reported by the prisoners just taken to be six full companies of 100 men each.

At 11 o'clock I determined to attack the enemy, and, if possible, drive him from his strong position, and sent you a dispatch to that effect. Captain Campbell, of the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, with two companies of infantry, placed himself under my command. I then sent an order to Captain Duff, who had taken his position about three-quarters of a mile on my left to hold himself in readiness to attack the enemy's right flank. So soon as sufficient time had elapsed for Captain Duff to receive the order I advanced towards the enemy's position, and when within a few hundred, yards of him two more companies of infantry joined me by your order. My whole command then consisted of three companies of cavalry, commanded respectively by Captain W. B. Ball, Captain W. W. Mead, and Lieutenant Moorehead (Captain Adams' company), and five companies of infantry, commanded

---------------

*See report Numbers 22, p. 353.

---------------

