
shell and round shot. Their artillery was also playing upon us from the opposite side of the river.

At 1.30 o'clock I left my position on the left and rode through the thick woods to where Colonel Hunton's regiment (Eighth Virginia) was stationed, and requested him to throw out his skirmishers to the right and left, to prevent the enemy from flanking us and getting to our rear. Colonel Hunton, like a true gentleman and soldier, granted my request, notwithstanding I was his junior in rank. I also suggested to him to make his men crawl on their hands and knees to the brow of the hill just in front, in order to make a more successful attack on the enemy, who was in the open field beyond, and not more than 50 or 60 yards distant; but before the colonel hat time to place his men in this position the enemy opened a terrific fire on his command with musketry, grape, and shell. To this fire Colonel Hunton gallantly replied, and soon drove the enemy back to his strong position behind the bluff at the river, killing all the cannoneers at the guns.

At this time (3 o'clock) you sent me a message that you would re-enforce me with another regiment. The Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Burt, then came up and took position in the woods, and in advance of the right of the Eighth Virginia. The heavy fire of the enemy was still kept up, and was replied to with telling effect by the Eighth Virginia and Eighteenth Mississippi Regiments. Here the gallant Colonel Burt fell mortally wounded about 4 o'clock. The command of the Eighteenth Mississippi then devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin.

About 4.30 or 5 o'clock you sent the Seventeenth Mississippi, which I sent forward to support Colonel Hunton, whose men had been fighting for more than four hours. You also sent word by my adjutant (Lieutenant Weisiger) that "you would re-enforce me as long as I desired it." At the same hour the Thirteenth Mississippi, Colonel Barksdale, was ordered up to me, but as the enemy was driven back to the bluff and our forces holding their position, I sent an order to Colonel Barksdale to resume his position, which he held most of the day, keeping the enemy's extreme left flank in check. This regiment, though not in the engagement on the 21st held one of the most important positions, and prevented the enemy from flanking us.

About 5.30 o'clock Colonel Hunton's Eighth Virginia Regiment charged and captured two of the enemy's 6-pounder howitzers. The regiment was without ammunition at the time. Between 5 and 6 o'clock I rode up to Colonel Hunton and asked if I could render him any assistance, observing that his men were completely exhausted and lying flat on the ground within 125 yards of the enemy, but under over of a small hill. The colonel replied that he was without ammunition, and that his men were broken down from fatigue and hunger. It was at and if provisions could not be had at once, to send a barrel of whisky to refresh the men. I told the colonel I would send to you for what he required, and advised him to let his men rest until they could be refreshed.

During this conversation between Colonel Hunton and myself, a part of the Seventeenth Mississippi and Eighteenth Mississippi, about 50 yards in advance of Colonel Hunton's right, were engaging the enemy, and receiving his heavy fire like regular soldiers. These were the last volleys fired, and I left the battle-field to collect my scattered cavalry, which had been watching the enemy's flanks during the day. At 8 o'clock p.m. I reported to you at your headquarters in Leesburg. The

