
the enemy's flag of truce for permission to bury their dead, some of my cavalry pickets who were stationed near the rive were fired into several times by the enemy from the opposite side. This disgraceful act was committed by some of the troops under the command of Colonel Hinks, of the Federal Army, who was perfectly aware that some of his officers and men were on the Virginia side burying their dead.

In submitting this report to your I have only stated what came under my personal observation, except in some cases where I have taken the reports from officers and men captured by us.

Feeling the position I held during the day a responsible one, and not at all coveted by me, I sent an officer to you at dark, with the request that you would send your orders to Colonel Hunton, as he ranked me. Up to this time you had been sending all your orders to me, which compliment I highly appreciated, but preferred your paying it to Colonel Hunton.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JENIFER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, Seventh Brigade.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS, Commanding Seventh Brigade.

OCTOBER 22, 1861. - Affairs around Budd's Ferry, Maryland.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Nelson Taylor, Seventy-second New York Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Captain Robert S. Williamson, U. S. Topographical Engineers.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Nelson Taylor, Seventy-second New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT,Budd's Ferry, October 22, 1861.

GENERAL: I arrived here at 12 m. and encamped about 1 mile south of Mr. Posey's house. This morning before leaving camp a man came to me, representing himself as Charles Bentrick, ranking as master in the Navy, and commanding one of the small steamers in the Government service, called E. H. Herbert. He stated that having an intimation of my detachment being in that vicinity Commodore Craven had sent him on shore to inquire the strength of the force. He also stated that the commodore desired me to arrest Messrs. Posey, Mason and Runyea, but for no other reason that I could understand than that they were suspected of entertaining secession sentiments. This I of course disregarded. I should very much like to have the inquiry made at the Navy Department to know if Charles Bentrick has the position he represents himself to hold.

Captain Williamson commenced work on the shore this afternoon immediately in front of the battery at Shipping Point. During the afternoon five or six shots were fired at passing vessels, but without effect. The batteries appeared to be confined to a space of about 1 mile on the river fronting Budd's Ferry and ranging up and down the river. The batteries are situated between Chopawamsic and Quantico Creeks. The battery at Freestone Point has been discontinued since the open-

