
OCTOBER 26, 1861. - Skirmish at South Branch Bridge, West Virginia.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General C. M. Thruston, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Thomas Johns, Second Maryland Infantry, Potomac Home Brigade..

Numbers 3. - Colonel A. Monroe, One hundred and fourteenth Virginia Militia.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General C. M. Thruston, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, October 27, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward a report from Colonel T. Johns, Second Regiment Potomac Home Brigade. Though his expedition did not attain its entire object, yet it served to test the character of his troops. They behaved to a man, with perfect obedience and entire steadiness. Mr. I. I. Grehan (whom I desire to appoint my aide-de-camp) volunteered on the expedition, and confirms Colonel Johns' report of Captain Shaw's gallantry and of the eagerness of all for the contest. Brigadier-General Kelley entered Romney about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

C. M. THRUSTON,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Thomas Johns, Second Maryland Infantry, Potomac Home Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT POTOMAC HOME BRIGADE,Camp Thomas, Cumberland, October 27, 1861.

GENERAL: In compliance with verbal orders, received after consultation between General Kelley and yourself, on the night of the 25th instant I concentrated 700 of my regiment at the North Branch Bridge, and on the following morning at 5 o'clock marched in the direction of Romney, passing through Frankfort. Upon arriving at a point one and a half miles from Springfield, the rear of my column was fired into by the enemy from the heights of the road, severely wounding 2 men, detaining the column about one hour, which was occupied in clearing the woods of the enemy and dressing the wounded. We marched thence through Springfield, seeing frequent signs of the enemy's horsemen in retreat towards the bridge over the South Branch of the Potomac. Upon arriving within a half a mile of the bridge my flankers and skirmishers on the left and front discovered the enemy on the opposite side of the river, when a brisk fire at once commenced.

About this time the guns of General Kelley's column in the vicinity of Romney were heard. After skirmishing with the enemy across the river about half an hour I determined to force a way over the bridge. The enemy, numbering, by the best information we could get, from 400 to 600, including cavalry, having beforehand prepared to defend its

