
Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, who is charged with the management of this case, that it is advisable to have Mr. Linton, formerly engaged as a foreman painter, at the Capitol and now in Washington, arrested at once. He is a son-in-law of Posey.

I have subsistence for my command to include Thursday next.

By the mail to-day I received several communications addressed to the First Regiment Michigan Volunteers. If that regiment is still regarded as belonging to my command, be pleased to have me advised of the fact.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

NOVEMBER 3-11, 1861. - Expedition into Lower Maryland.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General George Sykes, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, CASEY'S DIVISION,

Bladensburg, November 9, 1861

CAPTAIN: In accordance with General Casey's instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of my expedition to the lower counties of Maryland:

After leaving your office I proceeded to General Marcy's, and received from him such verbal instructions as would facilitate the execution of my orders already received. General Marcy advised me to make my headquarters at Lower Marlborough instead of Upper Marlborough, and also to communicate with General Sykes, who had been assigned to the second brigade of your division. I then proceeded to my camp at Bladensburg and issued the necessary orders to move four regiments of the brigade and the squadron of cavalry at 9 a.m. on the following day (Sunday, November 3, 1861.) I gave a special order to Colonel Miller, Thirty-sixth Pennsylvania Regiment, at Good Hope, to move in time to join the rest of the brigade at Upper Marlborough. All day Saturday it rained hard, so that Sunday morning it was impossible to ford the Eastern Branch in time. I took a circuitous route across the railroad bridge, and passed back into Bladensburg by a narrow plank pathway, only allowing the men to march by file. I found it to be nearly 12 m. when the three regiments-the Fourth Rhode Island, Fifth New Hampshire, and Forty-fifth Pennsylvania-and the cavalry had cleared Bladensburg and closed up. I then continued the march till sunset under the direction of a guide, halted and bivouacked near Centreville, Md. General Sykes was at the same place. Colonel Miller, with the Thirty-sixth Pennsylvania, joined us here. The next day I detached Colonel Miller, adding to his command two companies of the Fifth New Hampshire and 30 of Major Wetherell's cavalry, with

25 R R-VOL V

