
will give in detail the operations at each separate precinct in Prince George's and Calvert Counties.

Colonel Cross makes no report, because he was with me at Lower Marlborough. He, too, did his duty well in marching and disciplining his command.

Colonel Welch reports that the brigade quartermaster neglected to turn over to him oats that I had ordered purchased at Upper Marlborough, and that his horses suffered badly in consequence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. W. SMITH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the commanding general. The energy displayed by General Howard in placing his brigade in position is in my opinion, commendable. The conduct of the officers and men was satisfactory.

SILAS CASEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General George Sykes, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CASEY'S DIVISION,Washington, D. C., November 11, 1861.

SIR: Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 4., from the headquarters of this division, I left Washington on the 3rd instant, with two squadrons of horse and the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Regiments of New Jersey Volunteers, my destination being Charlotte Hall, Md. I reached that village at 7 a.m. on the 5th instant, and established my camp with the regiments of Colonels Starr and Hatfield. At the same time, I detached Colonel Revere, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, to Chaptico, on an intent of the Potomac, 10 miles distant; the cavalry, under Captain Harrison, U. S. Army, and Major Beaumont, Halsted's regiment, to Oakville, near the Patuxent, 12 miles distant, and the Eighth New Jersey Regiment, under Colonel Johnson, to Bryantown, 8 miles north because my supplies of subsistence would not permit it.

The villages in possession of the troops were election precincts, and on the following day (6th) the polls were opened and the elections held without trouble or disturbance. The troops were not permitted to interfere, and the votes registered differed by a very small fraction from the number usually cast. It is believed that not a single inhabitant of that region, soldier or citizen, returned from the Virginia side of the river on the day of the election.

Before the arrival of the command exaggerated rumors as to its mission had been circulated, and the inhabitants were in a state of great alarm. This was happily quieted, and and kindness and a general desire to supply our wants continued during our stay. By many of the vouchers of the Quartermaster's Department were received in lieu of immediate

