
a large number of tents and other public property which fell into our possession, retreated to between the railroad bridges across Patterson's Creek and the Northwestern Branch of the Potomac, which was as far as they could retire without endangering the safety of the two brigades..

Our loss in the expedition in killed was 4, in wounded 28. The Federal loss in killed and wounded not ascertained. Sixteen of them were captured.

After the arrival in Romney of General Loring's leading brigade, under Colonel Taliaferro, I designed moving with it Garnett's brigade and other forces on an important expedition against the enemy, but such was the extent of demoralization in the first-named brigade as to render the abandonment of that enterprise necessary.

Believing it imprudent to attempt further movements with General Loring's command against the Federals, I determined to put into winter quarters in the vicinity of Romney, and accordingly gave directions to Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Barton to select suitable locations for the several brigades, and steps were taken for putting the troops into huts as rapidly as practicable; and having made a suitable disposition of the militia force of that section of the district, for the purpose of not only holding the country and preventing the surprise of General Loring, but also of acting offensively against the enemy as occasion might offer, the regiments of Cols. A. Monroe, E. H. McDonald, and W. H. Harness were each assigned to the region of their homes, thereby securing all the advantages resulting from knowledge of localities and their inhabitants. Colonel Johnson's regiment was with Colonel Harness in Hardy. In addition to the distribution of militia, three companies of cavalry were left with General Loring, and one of these was the daring company of Captain George F. Sheetz, which was familiar with all that section of country.

To Captain Sheetz I am indebted not only for most reliable information respecting the enemy, for the prisoners from time to time captured, but for the extent to which he has armed and equipped his company at the expense of the enemy.

These forces in addition to General Loring's three brigades and thirteen pieces of artillery in the vicinity of Romney, and a defensible mountain in his rear, which commanded the town, should, with care, have rendered safe the right of the Army of the Northwest. This disposition of General Loring's forces enabled me to avoid dividing his command, which was thus stretched along the South Branch of the Potomac, his right, under his immediate command, extending towards the Potomac; his left, under Brigadier General Edward Johnson, resting upon the Alleghanies with the intervening Moorefield Valley (which is one of the most fertile portions of the Confederacy), three graded roads extending to the rear, and thus connecting his line with the great valley of Virginia, from which ample supplies, if necessary could be drawn.

I have dwelt thus much on General Loring's position at Romney in consequence of the Secretary of War having regarded the position of the troops there so unsafe as to require me to order them to Winchester, and in consequence of the general having favored an application made by some of his officers to the War Department for the removal of his troops from the position which I had assigned them.

After thus posting the troops in the western part of the district, and having previously sent General Carson to Bath, General Meem to Martinsburg, and distributing the cavalry along the frontier, I directed General Garnett to return to Winchester, in the vicinity of which his brigade proceeded to construct its winter quarters. The position assigned to

