
offensive and advanced on Romney; next drove our troops out of Moorefield on the 12th of this month; two days after forced our militia from Bloomery Pass, thus coming to within 21 miles of Winchester and capturing a number of prisoners.

Soon after the intelligence reached me of the enemy's being in possession of Bloomery Pass I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Ashby, of the cavalry to move in that direction with all his available force, which he did with his accustomed promptness, and on the morning of the 16th, after a short skirmish, recovered the position. I am under many obligations to this valuable officer for his untiring zeal and successful efforts in defending this district.

I do not feel at liberty to close this report without alluding to the reprobate Federal commanders, who in Hampshire County have not only burnt valuable mill property, but also many private houses. Their track from Romney to Hanging Rock, a distance of 15 miles, was one of desolation. The number of dead animals lying along the road-side, where they had been shot by the enemy, exemplified the spirit of that part of the Northern Army. As Colonel G. W. Lay, inspector-general of this department has recently, by your order, visited Winchester on a tour of inspection, it may be unnecessary for me to say more respecting the condition of this district.

I would respectfully call attention to the report of General Loring, an official copy of which is forwarded herewith.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Winchester, Va., December 14, 1861.

GENERAL: Yours of the 12th instant is at hand.* I have made two attempts to prevent navigation on the canal, but have not thus far succeeded. The only good results that I am aware of having been effected was the capture of 1 captain, 2 corporals, and 5 privates of the Twelfth Indiana Regiment, and damaging this end of Dam Numbers 5., and killing 1 of the enemy. On our part 2 men are supposed to be mortally wounded. The injury done to Dam Numbers 5 is not sufficient to admit the passage of water on the Virginia side.

In consequence of the importance of economizing ammunition and keeping the batteries and other troops that would be required for supports at drill, I do not think that it would be advisable to attempt with artillery anything more than the protection of our working parties engaged in turning the water around one of the dams, or making a break in the canal. I have had some small boats made for the purpose of crossing a party to the Maryland side if necessary. I hope in this way to stop the navigation for a while, but my desire is to complete the work commenced on the dam, and for this purpose have made arrangements for marching with Garnett's brigade at 6 a.m. on Monday.

During the greater part of next month I expect to have my headquarters near Martinsburg. If this plan succeeds-as through the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

