
blessing of Providence it will-Washington will hardly get any further supply of coal during the war from Cumberland; but should General Kelley advance on me, I may have to content myself with trying to make a break in the canal.

I have not received any additional force except Colonel Taliaferro's brigade, which is well encamped and giving its time to drilling.

The enemy are, from last information, near 9,000 strong in Hampshire, principally at Romney. Their present principal damage to us is shire, principally at Romney. Their present principal damage to us is the demoralization of our people in Hampshire. They picket near 6 miles this side of Romney. I should not be surprised any day to hear of his (General Kelley) advancing. He says that he does not design going into winter quarters in Romney; that as soon as the weather becomes cold enough to require such protection, if not before, he expects to receive orders to advance. I hope that I will be in a condition to move before he does.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding Valley District.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Unger's Store, Morgan County, Virginia, January 11, 1862.

MAJOR: Though on the 4th instant Bath and all that part of Morgan County east of the Big Cacapon River was recovered from the enemy, and their stores at Bath and at the mouth of the Big Cacapon River, as well as those opposite Hancock, fell into our hands, and the railroad bridge across Big Cacapon River was destroyed by our troops, yet on the 7th the enemy surprised our militia at Hanging Rock Pass, distant 15 miles from Romney, drove back our troops from their fortifications, burned their huts,captured 2 pieces of artillery (one a 4-pounder rifled, the other a 4-pounder smooth bore); the limber of the rifled piece was saved, but both caissons lost. So soon as they had accomplished this and burned the buildings of Colonel Charles Blue, near by, killed his live stock, leaving it on the ground, they returned to Romney.

The Federal forces in and about Romney have for the last month been apparently acting upon the principle of burning every house in which they ascertain that any of our troops have been.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

THOMAS G. RHETT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Dam No. 5.

FREDERICK, MD., December 9, 1861-11 o'clock.

The force referred to in my dispatch last night proves to be cavalry, and does not indicate occupation. The firing Saturday was at Dam Numbers 5, near Clear Spring. No damage done. Rebels driven back with loss

