
of some men. They had 6 Parrott guns. No rebels between Hancock and Romney, and General Kelley in no danger of attack. Have ordered Colonel Leonard to support him if necessary.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General McCLELLAN, Commander-in-Chief.

Numbers 3. Reports of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, of operations against Dam Numbers 5, from December 17-21, with orders.

FREDERICK, MD., December 18, 1861.

Colonel Leonard reports, at 12 m., rebels still in position at Falling Waters. Thinks they intend to cover attack on Dam Numbers 5., where, under cover of guns, they began to cut away, but were driven back with loss of life. Now skirmishing across river. Jackson in command.

N. P. BANKS,

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICK, MD., December 18, 1861.

SIR: Information is received from various sources, believed to be reliable, that the enemy contemplates an attach upon Dam Numbers 4. or Numbers 5, with a view to the destruction of the canal. You will march your regiment with all expedition to one or the other of these localities, as necessity may require or as the movements of the enemy may dictate, and resist at all hazards the destruction of the dam or any efforts to cross the river. Your long service at these posts will render you familiar with the duties required of you. If the presence of the enemy at Sharpsburg or at Dam No. 4 demands your attention,you will take your post there, assuming command of the forces at that point. If the enemy is above, co-operate earnestly with Colonel Leonard to defeat all his plans. Much must be left to your discretion, your energy, and vigilance. Report progress of affairs constantly. If re-enforcements are wanted, they will be sent.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division,.

Colonel KENLY,

Commanding First Maryland Volunteer Regiment.

FREDERICK, MD., December 18, 1861-11 o'clock.

Your dispatch of 6.30 duly received. Do you need more men? Let us hear from you often.

Do not allow your attention to be drawn altogether from General Kelley by the movement in your front. It may be a feint.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel LEONARD, Williamsport.

