
unteers, Colonel Murphy commanding; the First Maryland Volunteers, Colonel Kenly commanding; Company F, Fourth Artillery, Captain C. L. Best commanding, and two companies of Maryland cavalry, were ordered to march [from Frederick, Md.] to Williamsport, to report to Colonel Leonard commanding there. These troops made a quick march to that place, and were engaged in defending Dams Nos. 4 and 5 for some days. There was some sharp-shooting, but with little loss on either side, the enemy at last falling back. During the continuance of the contest the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers and a portion of Best's battery, together with the Thirty-ninth Illinois, Volunteers, were sent to Hancock. The Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers were, after the danger had subsided, recalled to their former quarters near this city, and Captain Matthews' Pennsylvania battery was ordered to Hancock to relieve Best's battery, which then returned to their camp, near the Second Brigade. During the continuance of the enemy's attack all the companies of Lamon's brigade were ordered by the commanding general to join General Kelley, which order was issued anew from these headquarters to Colonel Leonard at Williamsport, and the troops sent on to Hancock.

* * * * * *

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Samuel S. Linton, Thirty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish near Bath, W. Va.
HDQRS. CO. D, THIRTY-NINTH REG'T ILL. VOLS.,January 8, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your orders I make the following report of the doings of my company on Friday and Saturday of last week:

On Friday morning [3rd instant] we were occupying the same position ta Bath, Morgan County, Virginia, that we had held since our first entry into that place on December 22 last. During the day indefinite reports had reached us to the effect that the enemy in force were marching upon the place.

About 3 p.m. I was ordered, by Major O. L. Mann, commanding, to divide my company into several squads and scout in the direction of the enemy until I had ascertained with some degree of accuracy their position and strength. I immediately dispatched Lieutenant Towner, with 10 men up on the west side of Warm Springs Mountain, that he might discover any attempt of the rebels to get in our rear, and with the remainder proceeded up the center of Bath Valley along the Winchester grade. The reports throughout the day had all indicated that they were approaching us by way of this road. We had marched but 1 1/2 miles from town when we came suddenly upon their advance guard, consisting of 8 mounted men. They fled without returning our fire. I at once detached Lieutenant Linton to the right and Sergeant Snowden to the left each with 5 men, to discover any ambuscade and guard against my being suddenly flanked by the enemy, while I continued up the grade. After getting beyond our range some distance the enemy's guard that we had put to flight halted and fired three signal shots. Just at that time Major O. L. Mann, accompanied by Lieutenant Belcher and 6 cavalrymen, of Captain Russell's company, came up and passed my men on the road and ordered them to follow close upon their heels,

