
wounded. After a diligent search they did not find any killed and but two wounded, neither of them mortally.

They learned that the enemy was from 7,000 to 10,000 strong, commanded by General Lander. He returned the same evening towards Paw Paw, but threatened to returned the same evening towards Paw Paw, but threatened to return in two days. His loss was 11 killed and several wounded.

Our loss, I regret to say, is over 50 officers and private missing.

Annexed is a list of officers captured: Colonel R. F. Baldwin, Thirty-first Regiment; Capts. William Baird, acting assistant adjutant-general, and G. M. Stewart, Eighty-ninth Regiment; Capts. Thomas McIntyre, William Lodge, and Byron Lovett, Thirty-first Regiment; Captain James Willis, Fifty-first Regiment; Lieutenant Charles H. Brown, thirty-first Regiment; First Lieutenant William Wilson, Eighty-ninth Regiment; Lieuts. William A. Holland, Thomas Steele, R. L. Gray, A. L. White, H. R. Hottel, Isaac Rewner, and Joseph Seibert, Fifty-first Regiment.

All the officers and men engaged behaved themselves with commendable bravery, and I think they deserve great credit for having saved our stores and baggage.

Very respectfully reported.

J. SENCENDIVER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major-General JACKSON.

NOVEMBER 9, 1861.-Expedition to Mathias Point, Virginia.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Charles K. Graham, Seventy-fourth New York Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Md., November 12, 1861.

GENERAL: It was reported to me that the rebels were planting a battery at Boyd's Hole, which threatened to be of some annoyance to the portion of the flotilla under Captain Harrell, at present lying off Smith's Point. Accordingly I proceeded to that point for the purpose of making an examination of that vicinity, with a view, if deemed expedient, of attacking and destroying it. The battery in question is a field one, perfectly harmless as it is, and probably displayed for no other purpose than to have an effect upon the flotilla. They appear to be the guns of a single company, without supports. I could have embarked a regiment 3 miles below Port Tobacco and landed them a short distance above the batteries without the use of lighters. The supply steamer Baltimore, now with the flotilla, is well adapted for this service. I have abandoned the idea of attacking it, for the reason that the battery can be moved to the rear faster than infantry can follow it.

I inclose herewith the report of Colonel Graham [Numbers 3.] of his descent on Mathias Point, as it contains reliable information of the condition of that much talked of point. The expedition was projected without my

