
authority or even knowledge. As it appears to have had no unfortunate sequence so far as I have learned I shall not censure him, but in future no operations will be projected without my sanction; otherwise my command may be dishonored before I know it.

The operator informs me that the wires are in good working condition..

The balloon made several ascensions to-day, but so far removed from the enemy's works as to be of little or no service to us. It will be transferred to a point near Budd's Ferry to-morrow, and then probably to a locality still farther south.

The rebels in considerable force appeared to be busily at work during the day nearly across from Sandy Point in the establishment of new batteries.

On boards of what is called the ice-boat of the flotilla is a rifled gun of the largest class, perhaps a 60-pounder. Its weight is five tons, and is of no use, I learn, where she is, the steamer being unserviceable. I think it might be dumped overboard and hauled ashore at some suitable landing, and thence, by the truck used for that purpose, delivered at the work which Captain Williamson is constructing. I am informed that it is a good weapon. its range is enormous, but for some cause up to this time its shells have not exploded. If guns are to be mounted in the work Captain Williamson is engaged on, in my opinion this should be one of them.

The houses burned by Colonel Graham had been made use of by the rebels for military purposes.

Prisoner Dent requires especial attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Second Brigade, Hooker's Division, November 12, 1861.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I have the honor to inclose Colonel Charles K. Graham's report of a reconnaissance of Mathias Point and the peninsula of which it is the terminus [Numbers 3]. Colonel Graham was effectively assisted by Lieutenant Commander Samuel Magaw, of the U. S. steamer Freeborn; Acting Master Arnold Harris, of the U. S. steamer Island Belle, and Acting Master W. T. Street, of the U. S. cutter Dana.

The party, which consisted of 400 men of the Fifth Regiment, under the command of Colonel Graham, embarked on Sunday evening last at Chapel Point, in Port Tobacco Creek, on board the Island Belle and Dana, and proceeded, the Dana towed by the Island Belle to Mathias Point. The embarkation and the landing were effected in admirable order, under the immediate direction of Acting Master Harris, who was the first to land. One of the enemy's picket, while about to fire upon Master Harris, was killed by that officer. Several others were wounded. The pickets were mounted, which enabled them to retreat rapidly and escape. Colonel Graham suffered no loss. The enemy was reported to be in some force, with three pieces of artillery, at Hampstead, 9 miles

