
from the place of landing, inland, but it was not consistent with Colonel Graham's instructions to advance so far, or to seek an encounter with any force which he had reason to believe superior in numbers to his own detachment.

It is satisfactorily ascertained from this examination of Mathias Point and the contiguous territory for some 4 miles inland, that no guns are in position there, although it seems, in corroboration of previous accounts, that the enemy had made preparations to mask a battery on the point. A few rifle-pits were also noticed.

Between 30 and 40 negroes, some of whom returned with the troops and others making their way over in boats obtained on the Virginia shore, are now in Colonel Graham's camp. I will thank you to favor me with instructions as to the disposition to be made of these persons. I presume much reliable information may be gathered from them.

This expedition, and the examination recently made of the Occoquan River by a party from the Fourth Regiment [Seventh-third New York Infantry], confirm the opinion heretofore expressed of the facility with which enterprises may be executed on the Virginia shore at almost any point which may be indicated. If I am honored with particular instructions as to any place on the shore to be visited, either in small parties or in force, the duty will be promptly, and I believe successfully, performed; or, if left to the exercise of my own judgment as to the place of landing and the force to be employed, there is little doubt that, with the able and enthusiastic co-operation we are sure to receive, if permitted, from the gallant officers of the flotilla, some useful results may be confidently promised. It is reported to me that in one of the creeks below the point about 30 boats are now collected. These can be cut out and captured or destroyed. I learn from a report verbally made to me by Captain Morey (Fifth Regiment) that, from information since obtained, Colonel Graham's detachment was within 2 1/2 miles and in the rear of the battery recently disclosed some 5 miles above Mathias Point, which on Monday fired upon the Freeborn and arrested her farther progress up the Potomac. There is little doubt that if the existence of this battery had been known to Colonel Graham he could have taken it without difficulty, as it is said to be feebly supported by infantry.*

* * * * * *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General.

Captain WILLIAM H. LAWRENCE,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Charles K. Graham, Seventy-fourth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH REGIMENT EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp Fenton, near Port Tobacco, Md., November 11, 1861.

GENERAL: Shortly after my arrival at this point Captain Wilkinson, of Company I of this regiment, by my orders seized several small boats and manned them with crews of sailors picked from his company.

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted.

---------------

