
They were employed in reconnoitering the Potomac shore and neighboring creeks and in keeping a general surveillance over the movements and actions of the secession sympathizers on this shore. In the numerous expeditions he made, Captain Wilkinson was frequently materially assisted by Lieutenant Commander Samuel Magaw, of the U. S. steamer Freeborn, and Acting Master Arnold Harris, of the U. S. steamer Island Belle. I was on board these steamers in several of their reconnaissances, and from information gleaned from reliable sources I became convinced that there were no batteries at Mathias Point sufficient to oppose the landing of troops. The commanders of the gunboats above named agreed with me in this opinion, and also as to the desirability of a thorough inspection of this point. They were kindly placed their vessels at my disposal for such a purpose.

Sunday evening was the time agreed upon for this service, but Lieutenant Magaw was unfortunately prevented, by orders from his superior officer, from carrying out his intentions in this particular, but Acting Master Wm. T. Street, of the U. S. cutter Dana, volunteered the service of himself and vessel. The Island Belle, with the Dana in tow, ran up Port Tobacco Creek to Chapel Point, and on them I embarked about 400 picked men of my regiment. The embarkation was conducted silently and in good order. Arrived at Mathias Point, the force was landed under the admirable direction of Masters Harris and Street, and made a thorough reconnaissance of the point for several miles around. Master Harris, of the Island Belle, was the first to land, and, accompanied by a squad of skirmishers, pushed forward and took possession of Grimes' house. About a quarter of a mile from shore he came suddenly upon 3 of the enemy's pickets, 1 of whom raised his musket and was about to fire, when Master Harris shot him dead in his tracks with his revolver. The other 2 pickets took to their heels. We secured a musket of 1 and the horses of all. The main body of the command, under my own guidance, then made a thorough inspection of the point for some 4 miles inland. We met 2 of the enemy's pickets, and endeavored to capture them, but they escaped; 1 of them, however, wounded by a musket-ball. We discovered a few rifle-pits and a battery partially masked, but upon which no guns had been mounted. Several rebel houses and barns were burned. Beyond this there were no batteries or troops to be found, except a party of perhaps 20 cavalry, who retreated as we advanced. We were informed that there was a rebel camp at Hampstead, consisting in part of three pieces of artillery. Captain Street offered his howitzer and crew, but I decided not to expose my command to too great risk, and concluded not to attack the enemy in his camp, some 9 miles from the landing. A large amount of forage and grain was burned and several horses belonging to the enemy were captured.

I was also fortunate enough to secure Mr. George Dent and son, and brought them as prisoners to this camp. We found them armed, and under circumstances which leave no doubt of their complicity with treason. I shall transmit them to you, with the papers found in their possession, as soon as possible. Several attempts were made to burn the woods on the Point, but owing to their non-inflammable nature at this season, with but qualified success. By this means, however, the only earthworks on the Point were unmasked.

After having completed my reconnaissance the force was withdrawn in good order to the beach and re-embarked on the gun-boats, and reached camp about 1 p.m. without injury of any kind. A large number of negroes followed, some on board the gunboats, but a majority in a large launch, which by some means they had obtained.

