
Numbers 5. Report of Captain Frederick Hendrich, First New York Cavalry.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Von Schickfuss, I left our camp at 2.30 o'clock a.m. to join the reconnoitering party under the command of Brigadier-General Richardson. My command consisted of Companies G and E, Lincoln Cavalry, all together 112 men, with 5 commissioned officers and 117 horses.

On reaching the brigade of General Richardson, I was ordered to march in the rear of the brigade. Half way to Pohick Church a detachment, under Lieutenant Kryniski, was detailed to join Colonel Hayman's column, marching to our left flank. One mile this side Pohick Church General Richardson ordered me by his adjutant as advance guard through the wood, which I did, 20 men as skirmishers ahead. Skirmishers of infantry were, after my opinion, absolutely necessary for that purpose, but by inquiring of the general I could not procure them.

After reaching Pohick Church I sent some pickets out to three different directions, and joined afterwards, not meeting the enemy there, the column marching in the center. That column returned at 3 o'clock, and I was dismissed by the colonel commanding. On the way home I found the whole road scattered with soldiers from different regiments, hallowing and shooting, and so the balls came over our heads and reached just our camp, where one horse of my company was wounded.

At 6 o'clock p.m. we were at home safe, without missing a man or horse.

FREDERICK HENDRICH,

Captain Company G, Lincoln Cavalry.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Hiram G. Berry, Fourth Maine Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MAINE VOLUNTEERS,November 12, 1861.

SIR: In conformity to your orders [following] I left camp with my regiment at precisely 4 o'clock this morning, and proceeded on the road to the Accotink Creek. At 4.30 o'clock I was joined by Captain Todd and some 40-odd men of the Lincoln Cavalry. We passed our outer line of pickets, halted, loaded the guns, and hove out a full company of skirmishers in advance and on the flanks. In this manner we proceeded carefully along the Old Fairfax road, examining all cross-roads minutely. We found no signs of the rebels having been on this side of the Accoting in force for some four or five weeks. Large bush tent accommodations were discovered on the road leading from Fairfax Station to Accotink, sufficient to accommodate at least 10 full regiments; these tents-bore the appearance of having been deserted some four or five weeks since.

We arrived at Accotink about 9 o'clock and halted. After making a careful reconnaissance of the creek and hills surrounding, I ordered my skirmishers across, followed by 2 more companies of riflemen. I ordered my main body to remain on this side of the creek, in conformity with your instructions. I crossed with the cavalry in this manner. We proceeded carefully along for 2 miles to the road leading from Burke's

27 R R-VOL V

