
Station to Pohick. This road bore the marks of recent extensive travel. I halted, and whilst making a careful survey, my skirmishers sent in 3 men, evidently farmers. On questioning them minutely I learned that a large force of infantry was encamped on this road, and about 2 miles on my right, estimated by them to be fully 5,000. They also informed me that that was the main traveled road for the rebels between Burke's Station and the Pohick.. I therefore placed a small body of men here at the junction in the woods. Retaining the prisoners, I proceeded on some three-fourth of a mile, halted my men, and instructed Captain Todd to take his cavalry and make a personal reconnaissance toward Pohick Church. He did so, and reported that the enemy were drilling a cavalry and infantry force some three-fourths of a mile in advance. Not hearing anything from the force sent down by the other road, and as it was evident that we were in the vicinity of a large force of the enemy, who controlled roads in my rear, I deemed it best under the instructions I received to return to the Accotink and halt and give my men their dinner. I therefore ordered the cavalry in, and also faced about my skirmishers and the column, and came back to Accotink.

Captain Todd informed me a few minutes after that some of his company were still out, and that he would go out and bring them in. I said to him I should take a position near the top of the hill controlling a cross-road and await his arrival. I moved my regiment into a proper position, have out sentries, and awaited the captain's arrival. After waiting an hour or more we heard the reports of some three or four guns. In a few minutes 3 of the absent men came in, 2 wounded and 1 unhurt, all 3 having plunder strapped on their horses, consisting of a side-saddle, bedclothes, &amp;c. On questioning them I found they had been wandering in all directions and plundering the inhabitants. I therefore concluded that the persons robbed had fired upon them. Knowing the enemy to be near in force, and thinking it most likely that they had been made aware of our presence through the indiscretions of these wandering men, I concluded, as the object of my reconnaissance had been accomplished, to return to camp. The lieutenant commanding the cavalry company informs me that the captain is absent and 4 men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. BERRY,

Colonel Fourth Maine Volunteers.

WILLIAM D. SEDGWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEDGWICK'S BRIGADE,Camp Sacket, November 11, 1861.

COLONEL: In pursuance of orders from the general commanding the division, you will take your entire regiment, leaving only a sufficient number to take care of the tents, and, omitting to send the detail heretofore ordered for work on the fort, make a reconnaissance on the Old Fairfax road as far as the Accotink, there to halt, and push forward a detachment to reconnoiter as far as the Pohick, if it is found safe, taking care to observe well the roads on the right flank, it having been reported that 400 rebel cavalry were to-day at Accotink and that two regiments were about to encamp at Pohick Church. General Heintzelman will send out a force upon the roads on our left leading to Pohick Church. You will take a day's rations in the haversacks of the men, and will

