
approach, when in a short time some cavalrymen were seen riding at full speed, a volley being heard previously very distinctly from where they stood, which is supposed to be about 1 mile from the Occoquan Creek. Two of the men were severely wounded, 1 of whom has since died. The colonel, not wishing to exceed the general's command, ordered the column forward. Since then 5 of Captain Todd's skirmishers have returned to their quarters; the captain and the others are still missing.

JOHN ENNIS,

First Lieutenant, Acting Captain Company B.

NOVEMBER 14, 1861.-Affair at the mouth of Mattawoman Creek, Maryland.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel George D. Wells, First Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Adelbert Ames, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Md., November 14, 1861.

GENERAL: The right of my camp was enlivened to-day by a spirited contest for a prize in the shape of a schooner freighted with wood. She had attempted to ascend the river under easy sail, when the wind failed her opposite the mouth of Mattawoman Creek. Her condition was soon remarked by the rebels, and at once a light battery was drawn up at Cockpit Point and opened a brisk fire on her. This alarmed the crew, and they doused anchor and make for our shore. As soon as this was communicated to me I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Wells to proceed to the point of interest with a battalion of the First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, and for Lieutenant-Colonel Getty to dispatch a section of his battery to prevent any effort on the part of the rebels to capture the vessel. Both of these commands literally flew to their positions, but did not reach them until after the rebels had boarded the schooner and set fire to her. A few of the infantry immediately manned a small boat at hand, boarded the schooner, extinguished the fire, and then up anchor and towed her beyond the reach of danger.

I am informed by those who witnessed this exploit-and there were many spectators on both shores of the Potomac-that it was executed with an air of true heroism. Those engaged with the battery are no less deserving of my commendation. Of itself it is an affair of no importance; as an expression of the feeling animating our troops it is full of significance.

I inclose herewith the reports of the officers most interested, as they will furnish details which I cannot transcribe.

Not anticipating that we would be able to remove the schooner from her perilous situation, I dispatched a messenger to the officer commanding the flotilla, in whose presence almost this evening happened,

