
a party of Company F, doing guard duty at Posey's house. A brisk fire was opened from the shore, but the distance was great and the enemy well protected by the schooner. Only 2 were seen to fall. The flames were under full headway, pouring out of the hatchways, and the rebel boat nearly to the other shore before Captain Wild came round the point in the First Regiment barge, with detachments from Companies A and E. He pulled direct for the schooner, boarded her, threw off her deck load of wood, cut through the deck, and extinguished the fire; then weighed anchor, set the jib and flying-jib to catch the little breeze stirring, and, towing in his boat, took her up the river some distance and gave her in charge of one of the flotilla. Just as the schooner was getting under headway our artillery came up and opened upon the enemy, silencing their batteries at the first fire. Until their arrival a continuous cannonade was kept up from the opposite shore, and our men have brought away many specimens of their shot.

After Captain Wild's boat came in sight their attention was directed from the men on shore to her. Eighty-five shots were fired between this time and the cessation of fire. The shot aimed at the boat went over, striking the water between it and the shore. The range on the schooner was very good and the shots were very close. While our men were on board four shots went through the sails, one cut the mainstay, and a percussion shell, striking the main-sail, exploded, scattering the fragments on both sides of the vessel. Providentially no one was injured. In all the enemy have wasted at least 250 rounds in this attempt to destroy the vessel. The only damage done on our side of the river was one pig killed and one mule wounded, belonging to Mr. Milstrad. His buildings also have some shot holes.

It it hardly necessary to remark to you upon the daring and gallantry of the officers and men, who, under heavy fire, boarded the schooner and conducted the subsequent operations for her relief with such courage and judgment. The men on land were equally eager, pressing to the shore, regardless of the shot, and chafing because there were no boats with which to reach the schooner. Their guns were two 12 and one 6 pounder rifled pieces. One regiment of infantry and one of cavalry were in sight near the guns. I should judge there were three regiments encamped above Quantico Creek. They also appear to have slightly fortified Bald Hill to resist land attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel ROBERT COWDIN.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Adelbert Ames, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP HOOKER, CHARLES COUNTRY, MD.,

November 14, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with your orders, I submit the following report of the action of a section of Battery A, Fifth Artillery, on this afternoon:

Immediately on the notification that the rebels were crossing the river to a schooner becalmed at the mouth of Mattawoman Creek, I moved a section of the battery in that direction, to render all assistance possible. The distance being some 5 or 6 miles and the roads heavy, the rebels, after setting fire to the vessel, had time to escape to near the

