
the service of the Confederate, they should be made prisoners and sent to this city. A conciliatory course should be pursued in regard to those who are not under arms and have not been in the pay of the Confederate Government. It will require great discretion and prudence in bringing about the desired result; but if the people of these counties can be induced to declare their independence of the Confederates, the strongest assurance may be given to them on an efficient protection by the Government.

It will be advisable to have a free and frank conference with the leading Union men as soon as you think the time has come for disclosing the wishes of the Government. In advancing into the interior great care will be necessary to guard against surprise. It is understood that the intention is to carry on a guerrilla warfare against you, and that the character of the country favors it. Against this you will take the requisite precaution by carefully feeling your way. You will, if possible, send me a brief note of your progress every day. As soon as you reach Drummondtown your supplies will be sent to Pungoteaugue Inlet, and it will not be necessary to keep up you line of communication for supplies with the rear. You will nevertheless consider it advisable, should you be able to dispense with any part of your force, to leave detachments at particular points. The best disciplined troops should be kept with you, as you will have no hostile force in your rear. the imperfectly trained can be left in detachments of not less than a company where they are needed.

The battery at Pungoteaugue Inlet must be carried before our transports can enter the harbor, and this should be done as soon as possible after you reach Drummondtown. In this, as in all other matters, I rely on your prudence and discretion, to which much of the detail of the movements is left.

You will take with the expedition Captain Tyler, who is now with you, as assistant quartermaster. I have requested that funds should be placed in his hands to purchase the forage, fuel, and animals to replace any which you may lose.

The utmost vigilance is required to preserve discipline among your troops and to prevent any outrage upon person or property. If any man violates your orders in this respect, you will put him in irons and send him to these headquarters. No distinction should be made between the citizens of those counties in regard to the past. All who submit peaceably to the authority of the Government are to be regarded as loyal. If any persist in acts of hostility, it is for you, as commander of the expedition, to decide what measures shall be taken in regard to their persons or their property, and with this prerogative no subordinates can be permitted to interfere. The notion has been far too prevalent that the persons and property of secessionists may be unceremoniously dealt with by commanders of regiments or corps, and the sooner it is corrected the better.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, November 14, 1861.

GENERAL: I send you 500 of the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteer, under Colonel Amory, which will make your command a very formidable one. I will send some ammunition for 6-pounders immediately.

