
You will want a few days to organize, and nothing will be lost, as the people will be considering the subject of my proclamation. Thinking it very desirable to get it out, that no time might be lost, I authorized Colonel Warren, in case you should not have reached Newtown, to distribute it. You are at a distance, and if some deviation from certain details of my instructions becomes necessary, you will exercise a reasonable discretion. If you do not want the bridge over the Swan's Gut Creek, you need not replace it unless you choose, though I think it will do us no discredit with the people of Accomac if we repair the damage of their own madcaps. Let me know what you want, and it shall be promptly furnished. I have the peaceful settlement of this difficulty with the Eastern Shore of Virginia much at heart, and know you will spare no effort to accomplish it. I intend all your troops shall have 100 rounds of ammunition. Let me know of any deficiency.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, November 18, 1861.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Dix arrived this morning with your dispatch, communicating the gratifying intelligence that the rebel organizations in your neighborhood had dissolved. You are right in supposing that I wish you to go to Eastville, leaving such portions of your force as you may deem proper at points in your rear. The entrance to the Pocomoke River is so bad that I am desirous of exchanging it for Pungoteague Inlet as soon as you reach Drummondtown.

Please bear in mind the ulterior object of the expedition-to bring these counties by their own voluntary action back into the Union-and with this view see their leading men as you advance.

You must try and make your transportation do. I learn that the thirty wagons were at Salisbury on Sunday morning, and I suppose they must be with you now. Dispose of the State prisoners of whom you write to me as you think proper.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, November 20, 1861.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Coffin, of the Hercules, arrived with his vessel to-day, just missing the sloop with coal. He has some repairs to make, and will not be able to leave until the day after to-morrow. I wish you would advise me when you are to receive your supplies. I thought the Pungoteague the best place on account of the water, but Lieutenant Coffin thinks a better may be found near Onancock. Let me know when you will need provisions. If I do not hear from you by the 23rd I shall send you a further supply, but it is very important to know where they are to be sent. I send you some more hay by the Star. Send her back as soon as possible. I must have her or the Balloon.

You must not fail to secure the ten or twelve cannon in the two counties. Your very gratifying dispatches, with Captain Knight's report from Drummondtown, are received. I will write to you on the

