
counties, you can send back the Fourth Wisconsin, the Fifth New York, the Sixth Michigan, the Seventeenth Massachusetts, the Twenty-first Indiana, Nims' light battery, and Richards' cavalry, reserving only the Delaware and Maryland troops. Captain Knight through two companies would be sufficient to hold the two counties. I would be glad to have your views on the subject. My impression was that it would be advisable to have 500 men in each county. The force in Accomac might winter in Drummondtown, and the force in Northampton at Eastville, with a detachment of a few men from each to make care of the light at Cape Charles and Pungoteaugue.. Early arrangements should be made to cover these troops for the winter, and as soon as you see what may be needed please advise me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, Md., November 25, 1861.

GENERAL: I have received your three dispatches of the 22nd instant, dated at Drummondtown, and am much gratified with the judicious and efficient manner in which you are carrying out my instructions, and with the readiness with which the people of Accomac are disposed to accede to the friendly overtures made to them in my proclamation.* All that has been promised should be fully executed, and the most liberal interpretation should be given to its declarations. Orders have already been given by the Government at my solicitation to restore the mail service from Snow Hill to Eastville and to re-establish the light at Cape Charles. The Light-House Board are now making the necessary arrangements, and an agent of the Post-Office Department is, I believe, already on his way to Snow Hill. I have written to the Secretary of the Treasury in regard to the reopening of trade with the loyal States, and have telegraphed Major-General McClellan, soliciting his interposition to insure the prompt action of the Government.

There are two or three matters on which you ask my directions:

1. As to the officers of the volunteer force who have been arrested: They were not found in arms, as I understand. In that case I think they may justly claim the immunities pledged by my proclamation, but in order to become entitled to them, they must recognize the authority of the United States. The test we have a right to prescribe, and I know of no other than the oath of allegiance required by section 1 of the act of Congress of August 6, 1861, chap. 64, of the first session of the Thirty-seventh Congress. I inclose you the form, marked A.# Should they decline to take this oath, they cannot be considered as belonging to the classes of persons to whom the benefits of the proclamation are promised. In that case you will, if they were not found in arms, release them on their parole of honor to abstain from all acts of hostility to the United States, &amp;c. I inclose a form for the purpose, marked B. If they decline giving their parole in the form prescribed, you will send them to Fort McHenry.

2. As to civil officers: It is desirable that the administration of the civil and municipal concerns of the two counties should goon on if possible without any interruption whatever. If any of the civil officers now in the execution of their trusts have taken an oath of allegiance to the

---------------

*See p. 431.

#Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

