
BALTIMORE, November 15, 1861.

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose a proclamation which I have issued to the people of Accomac and Northampton Counties, Virginia. Its purpose, as will be apparent to you from its tone, is to bring about a peaceable submission on their part. If they resist, they are advised that they many expect severe chastisement. The case of these counties is peculiar. They have not engaged in any active hostility to the United States. Their people have never crossed the Maryland line. Their greatest offenses are sympathizing with the Richmond leaders and carrying on an illicit trade with the Eastern Shore of Virginia. One of their captains fired on a barge belonging to one of our revenue steamers, but the act was disapproved by their leading men. If they can be reclaimed and induced to throw off their connection with the Confederates it will be a great point gained, especially as the residence of Governor Wise, their former Representative, is in Accomac; and I thought it worth while to make the effort by quieting their fears in the first place, for they have got it into their heads that we want to steal and emancipate their negroes; and by giving them the strongest assurances of kind treatment and protection if they do not resist the authority of the Government, I trust-I ought to say I hope rather than trust-that they may be gained over without bloodshed. As their case is peculiar, I have endeavored to meet it with a remedial treatment adapted to the special phase of the malady of secessionist with which they are afflicted.

I have sent an additional force since my return from Washington. The whole number will be 4,500-among them about 3,500 as well disciplined troops as any in the service. In my instructions to General Lockwood, who commands the expedition, I have directed him to disarm and make prisoners of all persons found with arms in their hands. I have also inclosed him a copy of the act of Congress of the 6th August last, entitled "An act to confiscate property used for insurrectionary purposes," the last section of which concerns persons held to labor and service, and I have instructed him to enforce its provisions as far as practicable.

In all I have done in this matter I have had the best interest of the Government in view, and I shall be much gratified if it meets your approbation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION.

To the People of Accomac and Northampton Counties, Virginia:

The military forces of the United States are about to enter your counties as a part of the Union. They will go among you as friends, and with the earnest hope that they may not by your own acts be force to become your enemies. They will invade no right of persons or property; on the contrary, your laws, your institutions, your usages will be scrupulously respected. There need be no fear that the quietude of any fireside will be disturbed, unless the disturbance is caused by yourselves. Special directions have been given not to interfere with the

