
Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS PENINSULAR BRIGADE,

Drummondtown, Va., November 22, 1861.

GENERAL: I find myself somehwat embarrassed by the present aspect of affairs in regard to those holding certain civil offices in these counties who received commissions for the same from the Virginia State authorities previous to the ordinance of secession and who continued to hold them after that time on taking the oath of allegiance to the Confederate Government. Regarding this oath as corrupting their tenure under the legal government of Virginia, I have hitherto ignored all such officials; but as Judge Pitts, the leading gentleman of this section of the country, thinks that it would be politic to allow the magistrates to hold their monthly courts for the transaction of certain business that cannot be well delayed, it occurs to me that perhaps this might be allowed as a temporary expedient, provided these functionaries took the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government. I should be glad to have your views on this subject at your earliest convenience.

I am happy to inform you that a readiness is manifested to declare the allegiance of these two counties to the Federal Government, and that measures are already in progress for holding county meetings for this purpose. The basis of the system in Western Virginia will be adopted as a temporary measure. All with whom I have conversed look to an annexation with Maryland as an event much to be desired whenever it can constitutionally be accomplished. This they think can be done by regarding themselves, together with Western Virginia, as the true State of Virginia, and inducing the State thus constituted and the State of Maryland to pass the necessary laws. I think it would be well for you to write to the governor of Western Virginia, asking him as soon as this people shall have declared their allegiance to the Federal Government and their position in the State to issue his proclamation ordering an election for the civil officers and a Representative to the Congress of the United States. It is extremely fortunate in this connection that the legislatures of Virginia and Maryland as well as the Congress of the United States all hold their sessions within the next month. I hope that by their joint action this interesting people may be relieved from their present position, and brought into that association with the State of Maryland to which their geographical position naturally points.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Pennsylvania.

Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS,

Drummondtown, Va., November 22, 1861.

GENERAL: The people here to all appearances have entirely submitted to the power which has been brought among them, and they are now asking for the protection and advantages which you promise them in your proclamation. They desire that trade may be reopened with the loyal States and that officers of customs may be appointed; that the lights on their coasts may be re-established and their postal arrangements restored. Really I can scarcely perceive any traces of disloyalty among them, and they appear to receive the power of the Government as their deliverance from misery and great suffering; and I would most

