
wagons were loaded by about 12 m., and started on their return and reached camp in safety. The others remained with the escort, who were then allowed to get dinner, and while dining it appears that a company of the White Horse Cavalry dashed in before most of the men could reach their arms, and cut them off from retreat. Two or 3 men are reported hit, and 1 of the rebels was seen to fall from his horse. Some 20 men have since come in, being those posted in the woods and fields, and report as above. Five companies were immediately dispatched by Colonel Sullivan, commanding the brigade, to the scene, but have returned without accomplishing anything.

By command of Colonel Sullivan I have been to the front and visited all the pickets and outposts guarded by this brigade. I have this moment returned, and report all quiet. In regard to the loss of the forage train and party I have nothing new to report, except that I learned from some negroes near Doolan's house that his relative and neighborh, Birch, had the rebel cavalry concealed until our party had loaded their wagons and had all gone to dinner. They then dashed in and surprised the party. I have directed Doolan and Birch to be detained until further orders, and meantime instituted a search for evidence of their complicity.

JOHN MURRAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

S. WILLIAMS.

P. S.-I should add that I found guards on Porter's and Blenker's fronts careless and in many instances without the countersign.

Numbers 4. Report of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Centreville, November 28, 1861.

SIR: I have the pleasure to transmit herewith the reports of three successful skirmishes by parties of our cavalry,* and respectfully invite the attention of the Government to the good conduct of Colonel Ransom, Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, and Major Martin, as well as that of their men.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Major William T. Martin, Second Mississippi Cavalry.

CAMP COOPER, November 16, 1861.

GENERAL: I have to report that I have to-day made the reconnaissance ordered by you this morning in the neighborhood of Doolan's southeast of Falls Church. Guided by Major Ball, brigade quartermas-

---------------

*See Numbers 5, p. 439; also Lee's report (Numbers 2) of skirmish, November 18, between Falls Church and Fairfax Court-House, p. 442; and Ransom's report (Numbers 2) of skirmish, November 26, near Vienna, p. 446.

---------------

