
fully submit that he has on this as on every other occasion vindicated his claim for the post of lieutenant-colonel, which is a legitimate promotion, as he now commands five companies of excellent cavalry.

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 18, 1861.-Skirmish on the road from Falls Church to Fairfax Court-House, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Edward B. Fowler, Eighty-fourth New York Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Fitzhugh Lee, First Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward B. Fowler, Eighty-fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP MARION, UPTON'S HILL, VA.,

Fourteenth Regiment N. Y. State Militia, November 19, 1861.

SIR: I have to report a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry by our picket outpost yesterday. At about 3 p.m. a body of cavalry, numbering about 300, appeared in front of our outpost on the road leading from Falls Church to Fairfax Court-House. When first discovered they were deployed, occupying a front of at least one-quarter of a mile, with a column by platoon in rear of their center on the road. They dashed up to our outpost, driving our pickets in the woods, some of whom they surrounded. They then advanced within our lines about 300 or 400 yards, when, after halting for a short time (about ten minutes) and taking a cart from Benz's house to carry off their dead and wounded, they retired rapidly in several directions. I was at the village when the firing was heard, and on riding up the road I received intelligence from a scout (Sherman) that the cavalry were upon us, numbering 500 or more. I immediately marched up the reserve, consisting of three small companies of infantry, to check their advance down the road. After advancing about a mile, thinking this might be only a feint to cover a more important movement, I halted and deployed a company as skirmishers on the right flank, which I knew to be wholly unprotected, and deployed skirmishers on both sides of the road. I then sent to the rear to give information of the attack at headquarters and also to notify General Porter's pickets. I then advanced under Major Jourdan a body of skirmishers to the outpost that our pickets were driven from and followed with the main body, picketing the road as I advanced.

On our arrival at the outposts the enemy were not in sight. Shortly after arriving at the outpost General Wadsworth and Colonel Frisby came up and gave directions that the pickets should occupy the same position for the night, and they were so posted. My impression is that the enemy had an object in view besides the cutting off of a small outpost and losing more than they gained, and that they found us in stronger force than they expected. They were seen to carry away 3 dead men (1 an officer) in a cart, and several wounded men were conveyed to their on horseback by their comrades. One valu-

