
able horse is lying dead near the scene of action and several horses were seen galloping through the fields without riders. Our list of casualties is as follows: 2 killed, 1 wounded, and 10 missing-all of Company H, which was the only company engaged. During the skirmish none of the pickets fell back except on the point attacked.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. FOWLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment N. Y. S. M.

Colonel SULLIVAN, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Fitzhugh Lee, First Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP COOPER, VA., November 19, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report the result of a scout of a detachment of the First Virginia Cavalry, under my command, which left this camp yesterday, in pursuance to orders from cavalry brigade headquarters, for the purpose of obtaining certain valuable information in the vicinity of Falls Church.

Learning that a picket of the enemy obstructed my route, I resolved if possible, to capture them, and prevent my presence being discovered and allowing them to advance in numbers upon me while gaining the desired knowledge. Accordingly, getting as near as possible, I charged them, they retiring rapidly toward the woods and pines, while we quickly lessened the distance, driving one picket upon another, and both upon the reserve, which retreated toward a thicket upon the side of the road and poured in quite a destructive fire upon us from their sheltered position. Followed by a portion of my command, I got in between them and some tents visible and completely surrounded them, another detachment having been ordered up on the other side.

Thus hemmed in, the enemy still fought with bravery and desperation, and made it necessary to dismount some of my men and dislodge them.

Our loss was 1 private killed and 2 slightly wounded. I also report with deep regret that Mr. John C. Chichester, my brave, gallant guide, was dangerously wounded, and has since died. I lost one horse, ridden by Sergt. Jasper N. Jones, of Company L, having run off after the sergeant had dismounted to fight. The horse of Lieutenant James S. Larrick, Company A, was severely wounded, and my own horse killed under me during the action. The loss of the enemy, as far as I could ascertain, was 7 killed and 1 left mortally wounded, being shot through the body. Ten were made prisoners, including the lieutenant commanding and the first sergeant, 3 being wounded; 2 severely and 1 slightly (shot in the arm). I brought away my dead (1) and Mr. Chichester, together with two of the enemy, badly wounded, in vehicles taken for the occasion, the enemy appearing in considerable force from the direction of Falls Church, but not venturing an attack. The loss of Mr. Chichester must be deeply deplored, and in Private Thomas Tucker, of Company A, the regiment has lost one of its bravest and most efficient members. Asst. Surg. Talcot Eliason accompanied me, and was as conspicuous with his pistol making wounds as he was afterwards with other instruments healing them.

Of the detachment engaged the highest compliment I can pay is to

