
found him for about a mile or little more, and then turned short to the right, through a lane leading in the direction of his camp. We pursued him for a mile or two upon the new road, when the rally was sounded.

Just after taking the first prisoners, I received a message from the front, saying the enemy was in force of some 200 and about to make a stand. The reserve was at once brought up, but before it came in sight the enemy had again taken to his heels and was out of reach. My men were soon assembled, and I am happy to state that not once was hurt by the enemy. One man received a slight injury from the fall of his horse.

The enemy lost 1 man killed (said to be a Lieutenant Lane), 6 wounded, and 26 taken prisoners. One of the wounded was so badly injured that we were compelled to leave him at a farm house. We captured 17 horses and equipments, 26 sabers, 25 pistols (revolvers), and 15 Sharp's carbines. The prisoners threw away in the woods some of their arms.

From the prisoners learn that the enemy attacked consisted of two companies of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, numbering about 120. The companies named by them were F and M. Some of the prisoners, while unreservedly talking, said there were three companies of 60 each. One or more of those taken had the letter K upon their caps.

I am proud to bear testimony to the admirable conduct of my men upon this their first meeting the enemy. All behaved well, but I do no injustice in mentioning particularly Major Gordon, whom I directed to lead the charge; Captain Wood, who joined him before reaching the enemy; Captain Whitaker, who saw the enemy to the last point, and Captain Folk, who, though in rear, found his way with a portion of his men to the front before the enemy was driven beyond hope of capture. Private Primrose, of Company H, was of the advance guard, and behaved with marked coolness, discretion, and presence of mind.

Dr. O'Hagan was prompt to relieve, as far as practicable, the wounded prisoners, and gave the best guarantee of his efficiency whenever it may be tested on a wider field.

This report is much more lengthy than I considered the importance of the pursuit demanded, but it is made with pleasure, in conformity with the wishes and commands of the generals commanding the brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding First N. C. Cav. (Ninth N. C. Vols.)

Captain L. S. BRIEN, A. A. G., Cavalry Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Qui Vive, November 29, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded. Colonel Ransom's report speaks well and deservedly of the gallantry of his officers and men in this their first meeting with the enemy. It remains for me to call attention to the admirable management of Colonel Ransom himself, to whose untiring zeal and unceasing efforts this regiment owes that efficiency and discipline which will always insure it success. The result of this our first engagement with the enemy's cavalry is, I doubt not, highly satisfactory to the General-in-Chief.*

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See report Numbers 4, under "Capture of Union foraging party," &amp;c., November 16, p. 439.

---------------

