
NOVEMBER 26-27, 1861.-Expedition to Dranesville, Va., and skirmish.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General George A. McCall, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel George D. Bayard, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General George A. McCall, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS McCALL'S DIVISION,November 27, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Colonel G. D. Bayard, First Regiment Cavalry, Pennsylvania Reserves, of a very successful expedition made during the last twenty-four hours in the direction of Dranesville, where I had ascertained that a picket force of the enemy was stationed. The men who were sent by the colonel for ambulances reported to me a strong force opposed to the colonel, whereupon I put the First Brigade of my division under arms, and with Kerns' battery was marching to his support, when we met the colonel's command returning. The troops all evinced praiseworthy alacrity on the occasion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel George D. Bayard, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP PEIRPOINT, VA., November 27, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to orders I started from this camp yesterday with my regiment at 9 o'clock in the evening, for the purpose of marching on Dranesville. We reached positions above and behind Dranesville shortly after 5 in the morning, after a very tedious and toilsome march. Major Barrows advanced on the town by the northern pike which leads to it, with two companies of the regiment, whilst, I with the other eight, gained the rear of the town, and advanced by the Leesburg pike. There were but two picket men in the town. These were cavalrymen, belonging to Colonel J. E. B. Stuart's regiment of Virginia Hose, and were captured, with their horses and arms, by Captain Stadelman's Company B. I arrested 6 of the citizens of Dranesville who are known to be secessionists of the bitterest stamp. The names of the citizens taken are as follows: John T. Day, M. D., Dranesville; R. H. Gannel, Great Falls, Va.; John T. D. Bell, C. W. Coleman, Dranesville; W. B. Day, M. D., Dranesville; J. B. Farr. Upon my return, some miles from Dranesville a fire was opened upon the head of the column from a thick pine wood. Assistant Surgeon Alexander was seriously wounded, and Private Joel Houghtaling was badly wounded, and I had my horse killed. Surgeon Stantion received a ball in his overcoat and his horse was shot twice. The woods were instantly surrounded, and the carbineers dismounted and sent into the woods. We killed 2 and captured 4, one of whom is

