
On my return from Annandale, and about 2 miles from that place, I met the two squadrons ordered to my support, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Schickfuss, and accompanied by Brigadier-Generals Kearny and Newton. By order of General Kearny we all returned to camp, which we reached about 9 o'clock.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

With high regard, I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

A. W. ADAMS,

Major Second Battalion Fist New York Cavalry.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Brigadier General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Williams, December 6, 1861.

GENERAL: I transmit with this a report of Brigadier-General Newton on the attack made upon our pickets on Monday last. The statements in it show bad behavior on the part of pickets of the division on my right, which I regretfully bring to the notice of the Commanding General. There is a rumor that a sergeant who was acting as lieutenant deserted from these pickets on Sunday, the 1st instant. If this be the case, it may account for the accurate manner in which the dash was made by the enemy's cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General Army of Potomac, Washington, D. C.

No. 4. Report of Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, Camp Williams, December 6, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the division commander, a brief synopsis of the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Pinto, field officer of the day, in command of the pickets of this brigade on the Little River turnpike, between the 30th of November and the 4th of December, 1861. The case of Lieutenant T. Hamilton Haire, found sleeping on picket guard with his whole guards, has already been reported and acted upon.

On Monday, the 2nd instant, at about 1 p.m., the enemy's cavalry, reported by Lieutenant-Colonel Pinto at nearly 200 men, burst through the German pickets of Blenker's division [Forty-fifth New York Volunteers], which adjoined and sustained the extreme right flank of my pickets, in three detachments, the first detachment taking the Little River turnpike, leaping and otherwise passing through the barricade about one-quarter mile beyond Padgett's tavern, at the junction of the Little

