
Extract from the "Record of Events," return of General Milroy's command, for December, 1861.

Upon December 13 an expedition was sent out and attacked a camp of the enemy, generally known as Camp Baldwin, Alleghany Mountains, in Pocahontas County, Virginia. The expedition consisted of 650 of the Ninth Indiana Regiment, 400 of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, 250 of the Second Virginia Volunteers, 300 of the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, 130 of the Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, and 30 of Bracken's cavalry. The result of the expedition is detailed in the official report of General Milroy, now on file in the Department.*

*			*			*				*			*

The number of prisoners captured by our forces was 26.

Return of casualties in the Union forces in the engagement at Camp Alleghany, W. Va., December 13, 1861.

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Ninth Indiana	 8	 113	 -	 21

Thirteenth	 2	 23	 4	 29

Indiana

Twenty-fifth	 6	 54	 6	 66

Ohio

Thirty-second	 2	 10	 -	 12

Ohio

Second West	 2	 7	 -	 9

Virginia

Total	 20	 107	 10	 137

No. 2. Report of Colonel James A. Jones, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Huttonsville, Va., December 113, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with your orders, I have the honor to inform you of the movements and conduct of my regiment and a portion of the Thirteenth Indiana and Thirty-second Ohio, which were temporarily attached to my command, on the 13th instant, at Camp Baldwin, on the summit of the Alleghany Mountains:

After leaving the pike we advanced up the mountain, which was very steep and rocky, fo about one mile to the summit on the right and rear of the enemy's camp, to await the attack of the Ninth Indiana and Second Virginia, as you directed; but as we approached the top of the hill we discovered the enemy's pickets, who immediately retreated on our approach. I gave the order to pursue them in double-quick, as the enemy would be informed of our advance. One company of the Thirteenth Indiana, being in advance, was conducted by Lieutenant McDonald, of General Reynolds' staff, until we arrived at the edge of the wood, in full view of the enemy's camp. Finding them already formed, and advancing of the Thirteenth Indiana, and ordered it deployed into line. I immediately formed the Twenty-fifth Ohio on his right and the.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

