
other two companies of the Thirteenth Indiana on our left, and a detachment of the Thirty-second Ohio formed on their left. The fire was already opened on the right, and was carried through the line. After a few rounds the enemy retreated in great confusion, with great slaughter, leaving their dead and wounded. They now again rallied and commenced falling to the rear all along the lines. Captains Charlesworth and Crowell, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio; Lieutenant McDonald, Captains Myers and Newland, of the Thirteenth Indiana; and Captain Hamilton, of the Thirty-second Ohio, rallied them and brought them up into line. In a few moments the enemy fell back, and attempted to turn our right flank, but were immediately met and repulsed. Our men by this time had become broken, but were again rallied by the officers of the different commands, who conducted themselves nobly. The enemy again attempted to advance upon us, but shared the same fate as before.

After making several attempts to drive us from the wood, they deployed to the left, to turn our left flank and get in our rear. I ordered a portion of the command to advance and attack them, which was done in a gallant manner, the enemy retreating to their cabins, but soon appeared again. Our men finding that they were not receiving support by the Ninth Indiana and the Second Virginia, quite a number commenced retreating, and it was with great difficulty that they were rallied. Some did not return, but disgracefully left the field, but the remainder of the command fought like veteran soldiers, driving the rebels again to their cabins; but, being soon rallied by their officers, they again renewed the attack with a large re-enforcement, and poured a galling fire into our thinned ranks, our men holding their position and returning the fire with great energy and slaughter, the officers of the different detachments urging and cheering them on. Many of the men had left the field with the wounded, and some without cause, which had much reduced our number, and our ammunition was almost exhausted. The artillery was turned upon us with shot and shell, but without any effect, and the enemy was again compelled to retire to their cabins with great slaughter, as usual. Our ammunition being exhausted, I thought it prudent to fall back to the headquarters of the commanding general, which was done in good order.

I am sorry to be compelled to say some of the men behaved very badly, but it was not confined to any one regiment. I cannot close this report without expressing my entire approbation of the conduct of the officers of the different detachments. Captains Charlesworth, Crowell, Johnson, Askew; Lieutenants Dirlam, Bowlus, Merryman, Wood, and Haughton, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio; Lieutenant McDonald, of General Reynolds' staff, while there; Major Dobbs, Captains Myers and Newland, and Lieutenants Kirkpatrick, Bailey, [?] and Jones [who was killed], of the Thirteenth Indiana; Captain Hamilton and other officers of the Thirty-second Ohio, whose names I did not learn, rendered me efficient service by their cool and gallant bearing throughout the engagement, which lasted about three hours. The enemy's force, s near as I could ascertain, was about 2,500, with nine pieces of artillery. The force under my command was about 700. Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson and Major Webster were absent. Captain Brown received an injury on the evening before, and was not able to be in the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JONES,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, U. S. Army.

Brigadier-General MILROY.

