
do. The ordnance ammunition had nearly all been sent back when we were attacked, but most of the fighting was with infantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel C. L. STEVENSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS MONTEREY LINE, Camp Alleghany, December 19, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement with the enemy which occurred at this place on the 13th instant:

On the 12th I sent out a scouting party of 106 men, commanded by Major [John D. H.] Ross, of the Fifty-second Virginia Volunteers, with instructions to ambuscade a point on the pike beyond Camp Baxter, on Greenbrier. On the afternoon of that day the advance guard of the enemy approached, were fired into by Major Ross's command, and many of them killed or wounded. I mediately the main body of the enemy approached in force, deployed, and advanced upon our scouting party, who retired and came into camp that night.

On the morning of the 13th, about 4 a.m., I was aroused by the officer of the day, who reported firing at the advance pickets on the pike in the direction of the enemy. I immediately turned out the whole of my command, and prepared to meet them. I ordered Hansbrough's battalion, the Thirty-first Virginia, commanded by Major Boykin, and Reger's battalion to occupy the crest of the mountain on the right, to guard against approach from that quarter. On this hill there were no defenses. There were some fields and felled timber beyond, which reached the crest of the mountain. The enemy advanced to our front, and, conducted by a guide, a Union man from Western Virginia, who was familiar with the roads and trails in the vicinity, turned off from the turnpike about a mile from our position, near the base of the mountain, and reached our right by a trail which led into a road coming into the field slightly in our rear. As they approached this position pickets thrown out from Hansbrough's battalion discovered them, and reported them as advancing in strong force.

About 7.15 o'clock a.m. the enemy advanced, and a terrific fire commenced. The enemy on this flank numbered fully 2,000. They were gallantly met by our troops, who did not exceed 300 at this time. As soon as I heard the firing I ordered two companies of the Twelfth Georgia [Hawkins' and Blandford's], who had at the first alarm been posted on the pike about a quarter of a mile in front down the mountain, to move up immediately to the support of our forces on the right. Three other up immediately to the support of our forces on the right. Three other companies of the Twelfth [Davis', Hardeman's, and Patterson's], Lieutenant U. E. Moore commanding, were also ordered to the support of those on the right, who were making a gallant defense and holding the position against immense odds. Gallantly did the Georgians move up, and, taking position on the left, received a terrible fire from the enemy.

By this time the extreme right had been forced back, but seeing the Georgians, who came on with a shout, they joined them, and moved upon the enemy, who, taking advantage of some fallen trees, brush, and timber, poured upon them a terrific fire. Our men were checked, but

