
not driven back. They did not yield an inch, but steadily advanced, cheered and led by their officers. Many of the officers fought by the side of their men and led them on to the conflict. I never witnessed harder fighting. The enemy, behind trees, with their long-range arms, at first had decidedly the advantage, but our men soon came up to them and drove them from their cover. I cannot speak in terms too exaggerated of the unflinching courage and dashing gallantry of those 500 men who contended from 7.15 a.m. until 1.45 p.m. against an immensely superior force of the enemy, and finally drove them from their positions and pursued them a mile or more down the mountain.

I cannot name all who deserve particular mention for this gallantry and good conduct. Colonel Hansbrough, whilst gallantly leading his battalion, was wounded by a pistol-shot and carried from the field. Soon after the fight became general the brave Lieutenant G. T. Thompson, of the Thirty-first Virginia, fell severely wounded. His good conduct had attracted my attention, and he fell within a few feet of me. Captain Mollohan, while cheering and leading his men in pursuit of the enemy, fell mortally wounded. Lieutenant Moore, Twelfth Georgia Volunteers, whilst gallantly leading a charge, fell mortally wounded. This gallant officer was ever ready for any expedition involving danger; he was truly brave. Captains Davis, Blandford, Hardeman, and Hawkins, their officers and men, behaved admirably. Captain Davis and his company were conspicuous for their gallantry and good conduct throughout the fight. Adjutant Willis, Lieutenants McCoy, Etheridge, Marshall, and Turpin, Twelfth Georgia Regiment, deserve particular mention for their good conduct. Major F. M. Boykin, jr., commanding Thirty-fist Virginia Volunteers, his officers and men, deserve my thanks for their unflinching courage throughout the struggle. This regiment suffered severely. Lieutenants Toothman, J. Johnson, McNewmar, J. R. Philips, all wounded, deserve honorable mention. Captain Thompson, Thirty-first Virginia, deserves special notice. Adjutant Morgan, Lieutenants Robinson, Haymond, Sergeants Jarvis, Roder, Privates Collins, Musgrave, and Green, Hansbrough's battalion, are favorably mentioned by their commanders.

My command consisted of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, under the immediate command of Lieutenant Colonel Z. T. Conner; Fifty-second Virginia, Major Ross', Hansbrough's, and Reger's battalions; Thirty-first Virginia, Major Boykin; Lee Battery of artillery, four pieces, Captain P. B. Anderson; Captain Miller's battery, four pieces, and a detachment of Pittsylvania cavalry, Lieutenant Dabney. The artillery was posted on the hill to the left of my position, which had been entrenched. Immediately after the troops were turned out the Twelfth Georgia and Fifty-second Virginia were ordered into the trenches. The Pittsylvania cavalry, dismounted, under Lieutenant Dabney, also went into the trenches, armed with carbines. A large column of the enemy, led by one Slater, a traitor, well acquainted with the counter, approached the left of this position by a road running along a leading ridge.

About half an hour after the attack was made on the right this column came up on the left to our trenches. They were evidently surprised to find us entrenched. Here the brave Anderson, by a fatal mistake, lost his life. As the enemy advanced he road to the trenches and invited them in, thinking they were our returning pickets, at the same time telling our men not to fire. He was instantly shot down by the advanced body of the enemy's force. Our men then opened a galling fire upon them, and they fell back into the fallen timber and

