
general, as a mark of his approval of your conduct, and your nomination will accordingly be this day sent in to the Congress, and take date from the day of the battle.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

Brigadier General EDWARD JOHNSON, Camp Alleghany.

No. 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Z. T. Conner, Twelfth Georgia Infantry.

CAMP ALLEGHANY, December 17, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting this brief and hastily-drawn-up report of the battle of 13th instant:

About 4.30 o'clock in the morning, in obedience to your orders, I proceeded with seven companies of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment to occupy the rude and hastily-drawn-up entrenchments. At 6.30 the enemy were reported in strength upon our right flank, and about sunrise the firing commenced, and was continued without intermission for over two hours, the enemy from their greatly-superior force disputing most obstinately every inch of ground. The contest was so closely waged for some time that I was induced to dispatch two companies from Twelfth Georgia Regiment, Company B, Captain Hardeman, and Company I, the lamented Lieutenant Moore commanding, to re-enforce our little band and aid in driving the enemy back.

About this time the attack was commenced upon our left, the enemy having covered himself by the heavily fallen timber until within 50 paces of our temporary earthworks. The firing had little effect except in exposed positions, which resulted in some deeply-to-be-deplored casualties. The death of those gallant officers, Captain Anderson and Lieutenant Reger, and badly wounding that most efficient, indefatigable, and brave officer Captain Deshler, who, though shot down, utterly refused to be sent from the field until the enemy were repulsed with great loss..

The conduct of the officers and men of the entire left wing was exceedingly creditable. For list of casualties I beg leave to refer you to accompanying tabular statement of Lieutenant Whitesides, acting adjutant Twelfth Georgia Regiment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. T. CONNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twelfth Georgia Regiment.

Colonel EDWARD JOHNSON,.

Commanding Alleghany Line.

No. 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Hansbrough, C. S. Army.

CAMP ALLEGHANY, December 16, 1861.

COLONEL: After the alarm about 4.30 a.m. on the 13th instant, pursuant to your orders my battalion was stationed in the woods on the hill above and to the right of our encampment. Scouts were sent out by me to the turnpike road below us and towards Varner's on the right. The Thirty-first Virginia, under command of Major Boykin, ordered to

30 R R-VOL V

