
fast-continued fire to the reverse side of the mountain out of view. After firing about twelve shots from the first position our guns were advanced to a point back of the village, where they poured successive shots into the enemy's ranks. The whole engagement lasted over half an hour. A third gun advancing by a side road on the mountain to strengthen them was driven back.

Finding that about 150 rebels were secreted in a number of old huts near the "Furnace," their intention being to concert with forces above, our guns were directed from the river bank towards them, driving them out and forcing them to retire.

I have not ascertained how many of the attacking party were killed or wounded, nor of the loss sustained by those in the houses, but I am satisfied it is considerable. Our men behaved with admirable coolness and bravery, and the guns were well served. None of our men were injured, although many narrow escapes were made. The majority of the enemy's shells imbedded themselves in the ground without exploding, and were afterwards dug out. Everything is now quiet, and no enemy are in view.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GABRIEL DE KORPONAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-eighth Regiment Pa. Vols.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. A., Washington, D. C.

DECEMBER 20, 1861.-Engagement at Dranesville, Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1.-Brigadier General George A. McCall, U. S. Army, with congratulatory .

response and orders.

No. 2.-Brigadier General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Colonel Thomas L. Kane, First Pennsylvania Reserve Rifles.

No. 4.-Lieutenant Colonel William M. Penrose, Sixth Pennsylvania Reserve.

Infantry.

No. 5.-Colonel Conrad F. Jackson, Ninth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

No. 6.-Colonel John S. McCalmont, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

No. 7.-Captain Thomas McConnell, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

No. 8.-Colonel John H. Taggart, Twelfth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

No. 9.-Captain Hezekiah Easton, First Pennsylvania Reserve Artillery.

No. 10.-Return of casualties in Union forces.

No. 11.-Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General George A. McCall, U. S. Army, with congratulatory response and orders.

DRANESVILLE, December 20, 1861.

Ord's brigade, with the First Rifles and Easton's battery, had a brisk affair with four regiments and a battery of the rebels at 12 m. to-day. I arrived during the action, and sent for Reynolds, who was left at Difficult Creek. The enemy was defeated, and fled before Reynolds arrived. We have found 40 killed of the enemy and 10 wounded on the field. Our loss, 2 killed and 3 wounded.* We have taken two caissons,

---------------

*See report No. 10, p.489.

---------------

