
Not hearing anything of General Ord, I sent out in search of him on our right, where brisk firing was at the time going on. Here was the Ninth Infantry, Colonel Jackson, who had gallantly met the enemy at close quarters and nobly sustained the credit of his State.

By this time Captain Scheetz, of my staff, reported that he had found General Ord near the center front. Proceeding there, I found the Rifles and a part of the Sixth Infantry Pennsylvania Reserves engaged under a brisk fire with the enemy. Having met General Ord, we moved forward, and the position where the enemy's battery had been placed was soon gained, and here we had evidence of the fine artillery practice of Easton's battery. The road was strewed with men and horses; a quantity of artillery ammunition, small-arms, and an immense quantity of heavy clothing, blankets, &amp;c.

The battle was now over and the victory won. With my consent General Ord made an advance of about half a mile, but nothing further was to be done, as the enemy in full flight had passed beyond our reach. I then recalled Ord, and prepared for the return of my command. I ordered the harness to be taken off the enemy's horses which lay dead in the road and to be put upon horses of my escort, and brought away the perfect caissons and the limber.

Early in the day, not knowing what force might be thrown forward from Centreville to support the troops we had encountered, I had called forward Brigadier-General Reynolds, First Brigade, and Brigadier-General Meade, Second Brigade, from Camp Peirpoint, to the support of the Third Brigade. Both these distinguished officers promptly brought forward their commands, and I only regretted that the fine disposition of the regiments and battery of Ord's command, together with the gallantry of Colonels Jackson, McCalmont, and Taggart, and Lieutenant-Colonels Kane, Higgins, and Penrose, and Captain Easton, had left nothing for Reynolds and Meade to do. The rout of the enemy was complete; but as I did not consider it justifiable to bivouac at Dranesville when my ammunition was much exhausted and the enemy might easily throw 10,000 or 20,000 men between me and my camp during the night, I ordered every arrangement to be promptly made for the return march. Some time was required to prepare our wounded [60 officers and men] to be transported to camp, and it was very nearly dark before I got the column in motion. Our killed and wounded, as well as so many of the rebel wounded as could be moved, were brought away..

The troops we had engaged and defeated were the First Kentucky Regiment, Colonel Tom Taylor, about 800 strong on the field; the Tenth Alabama, Colonel Forney, 900 strong; a South Carolina regiment, whose Colonel was not known to the prisoners in our possession, who informed me that no intercourse between different regiments was ever allowed, and a Virginia regiment. The Kentucky prisoners informed me they believed a fifth regiment was present, as two or three regiments had left Centreville at 3 a.m., and they, the Kentucky and Alabama regiments, together with Captain Cutts' Georgia battery and Stuart's Virginia regiment of cavalry, left at 5 a.m. The whole were under command of Brigadier-General Stuart.

General Ord reports as worthy of notice his personal staff, and also Colonels McCalmont and Jackson, Lieutenant-Colonel Kane, Captains Easton, First Pennsylvania Artillery; Niles, First Rifles; Bradbury, Sixth Infantry Pennsylvania Reserves; and Dick and Galway, Ninth Infantry Pennsylvania Reserves.

The number of killed found in front of the position occupied by the

