
double-quick. As there was nothing to indicate the position of friend or foe, I advanced until we saw and heard the movements of troops in advance of the right of our line. I halted, and formed my right within 60 or 70 paces of the left of the troops referred to. My men showed a great anxiety to fire. At this time an officer of my regiment reported that the troops opposite were the Bucktails. Determined to avoid falling into the fatal error of killing our own men, I at once used all my energy to prevent firing, nor did we fire until after we had received a volley from the enemy, as they proved to be. We received a volley from the enemy, as they proved to be. We received their first fire as Captain Galway was in the act of reporting that he had obtained a view of them, and assured me in the most emphatic manner they were rebels. The order to fire was then given and promptly obeyed, but I found there still existed a doubt on the part of the men as to the true character of the troops we were engaged with, which caused considerable confusion in the ranks, which was overcome to a great extent with some difficulty. I feel perfectly convinced, had the men been assured at the onset that the troops before us were rebels, we might have driven them from their position before they could have fired on us, as we could hear them distinctly load their pieces.

I afterwards learned that the impression that the Bucktails were forming in front was strengthened by the following occurrence: One of the enemy called out, "Don't fire on us." One of my men imprudently asked, "Are you the Buctails?" The answer was, "Yes, we are the Buctails; don't fire."

I afterwards learned that the impression that the Bucktails were forming in front was strengthened by the following occurrence: One of the enemy called out, "Don't fire on us." One of my men imprudently asked, "Are you the Bucktails? The answer was, "Yes, we are the Bucktails; don't fire."

I inclose surgeon's report of killed and wounded.*

Your obedient servant,

C. FEGER JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps.

General E. O. C. ORD.

No. 6. Report of Colonel John S. McCalmont, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES, THIRD BRIGADE, McCALL'S DIVISION, Camp Peirpoint, December 21, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part that the Tenth took in the engagement of Dranesville yesterday.

Two of my companies were on outer picket, and ordered to remain; three were detailed to cover and furnish fatigue party for the division quartermaster, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kirk. A platoon of skirmishers remained by mistake with the foraging party. With the remaining four companies and a platoon I marched in advance of the Sixth and Twelfth to Dranesville, where we had been preceded by the advance of the brigade. At Dranesville, after a short halt, we received orders to return, as the object of the reconnaissance was accomplished. Immediately thereafter the general of brigade informed us that the pickets of the Ninth had been driven in on our right. At the same time there was firing on the left of the line. The general having moved the battery to the left, ordered me to flank the column

---------------

*Embodied in No. 10, p.489.

---------------

