
DECEMBER 29,30, 1861.-Capture of Suttonville [Braxton Court-House], and skirmishes in Clay, Braxton, and Webster Counties, West Virginia.

Extract from "Record of Events," return of the Department of Western Virginia, for the month of December, 1861.

On the 29th, Suttonville, garrisoned by one company [Rowand's] First Virginia Cavalry, was attacked by 136 rebel guerrillas. The company retreated to Weston, and the guerrillas burned the town and what commissary stores were there. Colonel Crook, with four companies, went in search of the same gang from Summersville, encountered the flying rascals in Clay and Braxton, killed 6, and chased and scattered them into the mountain towards the Glades.

On the 30th, Colonel Anisansel, with three companies of the First Virginia Cavalry and three of the Third Virginia Infantry, marched to punish the marauders, and pursued them into the Glades in Webster County, killed 22 and burned 26 houses, thus breaking up their nest.

JANUARY 3, 1862.-Descent upon, and skirmish at, Huntersville, W. Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major George Webster, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

No. 2.-Brigadier General William W. Loring, C. S. Army.

No. 3.-Brigadier General Edward Johnson, C. S. Army.

No. 4.-Colonel George W. Hull, C. S. Army.

No. 5.-Captain H. M. Bell, Assistant Quartermaster, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Major George Webster, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

HUTTONSVILLE, W. VA., January 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, on December 31, 1861, at 1 p.m., I left this place with a detachment of 400 men of the Twenty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers for Huntersville, Pocahontas County, West Virginia. At Camp Elk Water I was joined by a detachment of 300 men from the Second West Virginia Regiment, under Major Owens, and at Big Spring by a detachment of 38 cavalry, of the Bracken Cavalry, under First Lieutenant Delzell. I appointed First Lieutenant Charles B. Jones, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio, acting adjutant.

On the morning of January 3, finding the road at the base of Elk Mountain, and for a distance of 1 mile, so obstructed by felled trees as to render the farther progress of teams impossible, I left my wagons and detached Captain Johnson, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio, with 50 of the most disabled men, to guard them. Avoiding the obstructions by a detour to the left, I pushed forward to Greenbrier River, and ascertained that a considerable number of militia were gathered at the bridge, 1 mile below, on their way to Huntersville. I directed Lieutenant Delzell with his detachment of cavalry to ford the river, and by a rapid movement across the river bottom to gain possession of the road in rear of the bridge. This he did in most gallant style, and cut off from Huntersville the entire militia force at the bridge, except a few mounted scouts. The balance fled back into the country, evidently in great con-

