
less than six days, and penetrated into the enemy's country 30 miles farther than any body of our troops had before gone. The men are in good condition, considering the march, and are in excellent spirits.

To my second in command, Major Owens, of the Second West Virginia; Captains Washburn, Williams, Johnson, Crowell, Green, and Askew; Lieutenants Higgins, Bowlus, Haughton, Blandy, and Ball, and Acting-Adjutant Jones, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio; to Captains Planky, Gibson, and McNally; Lieutenants West, Ecker, Day, Hunter, Smyth, Huggins, and Weaver, of the Second West Virginia, and to Lieutenants Delzell and Bassett, of the Bracken Cavalry, I desire to tender my acknowledgments for the prompt, efficient, and gallant manner in which they performed their respective duties on the march and in the action.

To the men composing my command generally too much praise cannot be awarded. During the long and weary march their spirits never flagged. They at all times cheerfully submitted to necessary discipline. For one hour and a half in which they were engaged in driving the enemy from cover to cover, a distance of 2 miles, not a man flinched.

I cannot close this report without expressing the deep obligations of myself and comrades of the Twenty-fifth Ohio to the officers and men of the Second West Virginia for the very hospitable manner in which we were entertained at Camp Elk Water last night, and thereby saved a night's exposure to a storm of rain, hail, and snow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

GEO. WEBSTER,

Major 25th Reg't Ohio Vols., Commanding Huntersville Expedition.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General William W. Loring, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST, January 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter received from General Johnson, commanding the army on the Alleghany, and also one from Colonel Harman, at Staunton, informing me that the enemy were moving against Alleghany. I think re-enforcements ought to be sent him, but it will be impossible for me to do so from this portion of the army, now before the town of Hancock, too great a distance from his position, and he will have to be re-enforced from elsewhere.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding,&c.

Adjutant-General COOPER.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CAMP ALLEGHANY, January 2, 1862.

Colonel HARMAN:

The enemy are at Greenbrier in considerable force. I think it likely I shall be attacked in the morning. We are able to hold our position I received intelligence a day since from the commanding officer at Huntersville that he expected to be attacked by a large force. Our position

