
to Richmond any additional intelligence he may receive. If the enemy advance towards Monterey in force, re-enforcements are imperatively required.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient,

E. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Monterey Line.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

Report of Colonel George W. Hull, C. S. Army.

POST MONTEREY, VA., January 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I am unofficially informed that a dispatch was sent to you last night from the commanding officer at Huntersville, informing you of the fall of that place, but do not know that it reached you, or was sent, as I was not informed of it until a few moments ago, when the scouts sent out on that road returned with the intelligence. The place, as I hear, was attacked by some 4,000 or 5,000 men yesterday at 1 a.m. Our troops offered but little or no resistance, being overpowered in numbers. They fell back, and are on their road to this post.

I have scouts out on the road to Huntersville some distance, and will keep you fully advised of any movement of the enemy that I may learn. Most, if not all, our stores fell into the hands of the enemy. Fire was set to the buildings, but it is not believed to have consumed them.

Very respectfully, your servant,

GEO. W. HULL,

Colonel Commanding Post.

General EDWARD JOHNSON, Camp Alleghany, Va.

No. 5. Report of Captain H. M. Bell, assistant quartermaster, C. S. Army.

STAUNTON, VA., Sunday Morning, January 5, 1862-5 a.m.

GENERAL: I send you inclosed copies of dispatches just received from Monterey by special express from Whitely. It appears that the enemy in considerable force have advanced upon and taken possession of Huntersville, our small force retiring before them and offering but small resistance. I have no further information upon the subject, but suppose Monterey will be their point of destination, as I suppose they will hardly risk an advance upon the Central road at Millborough with that force, although the movement would be entirely practicable.

I will hold the force of wagon trains here to carry up any re-enforcements that you may send until I hear from you. I want corn.

In haste, yours, respectfully,

H. M. BELL,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Commanding Post.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

