
P. S.-I ascertained from expressmen that the occupation took place at 1 a.m. yesterday. The force that appeared in General Johnson's front and disappeared at daylight Friday morning, and had not been reported up to dark that night, and is doubtless the same force that is at Huntersville.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

POST MONTEREY, VA., January 4, 1862.

COLONEL: Yesterday about 1 o'clock the enemy advanced and took possession of Huntersville. Our forces offered but little resistance, their numbers, as I understand from a member of the Tennessee cavalry, begging only about some 200 men, while that of the enemy could not be correctly estimated, but supposed to be about 4,500.

Our command at Huntersville is now on its road to this place and will be in to-night. I cannot give you an account of the fight, but sure it is that the town and all our stores are in the hands of the enemy, unless it be that a barn, in which some of the commissary stores were placed, was burned, as fire was communicated to it; but it might have been extinguished by the enemy, who were near at the time of setting fire to it. Nothing new from Alleghany.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. W. HULL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Colonel JOHN B. BALDWIN, Commanding Post, Staunton, Va.

P. S.-We lost no men, and suppose the loss on the side of the enemy to be about 4.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Monterey, Va., January 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I write to say that the Yankees, some 4,000 or 5,000 strong, have taken possession of Huntersville, and our forces, some 250 in number, have retreated to this place. What will happen next I cannot tell, but would not be surprised if their next move would be upon this place. I will keep you fully advised as to what may occur.

Very truly,

P. B. HOGE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

Captain H. M. BELL.

JANUARY 12-23, 1862.-Expedition to Logan Court-House and the Guyandotte Valley, West Virginia.

Report of Colonel Edward Siber, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp Clifton, January 23, 1862.

SIR: The high stand of the waters in Coal River did impede me from sending you particular reports concerning the expedition to Logan and the Guyandotte Valley. It was not before the evening of January 11 that I could get real information about the enemy I have been sent to

