
Major Moss, at 4 a.m., to Freedom Hill, and in conjunction with him made the following dispositions: One squadron, under Captain Wilson, to Flint Hill, with myself; one squadron, under Captain Heuser, along the Sawyer's road towards Mrs. Brooks' house, with Lieutenant Scrymser, aide-de-camp; one squadron, under Major Moss, via Johnson's Hill, to Hunter's Mill, with Lieutenant Carey, aide-de-camp; one squadron, under Major Boteler, at Vienna, in support; the remaining squadron, under Captain Hagemeister, to remain at Freedom Hill, also in support.

The object being to clear the road from Flint Hill to Hunter's Mill and capture the rebel picket at Peck's house, it was essential in the first place to drive in the rebels at Flint Hill, on approaching which a vedette on our right gave the alarm and ran into Flint Hill, whereupon I immediately ordered Captain Wilson to charge with his company, taking Captain J. O'Farrell, with his company, in support. The rebels ran before Captain Wilson's company, which went in pursuit, Captain O'Farrell's company following. I then ordered Captain O'Farell to bear away with his company to the right of a wood and join Captain Wilson in pursuit. After hunting the rebels across the country for a couple of miles in the direction of Germantown, leaving Fairfax Court-House on our left, the company was halted. I then ordered the company (Captain Wilson's) back to the barn at Mrs. Shaley's, which according to your instructions was fired and burned. As soon as the company was collected, after waiting a few moments to see if Captain O'Farrell's company returned, I ordered the company along the road to Hunter's Mill, and feeling that time was an object I ordered Captain Wilson to trot, and we proceeded quickly along. After passing Vibart's Mill about a mile the advance guard came across the rebel vedette. At the same time we saw a horse picketed at the house, for which Captain Wilson, Captain Robert D'Orleans, and myself immediately made. The advance guard fired at the vedette we saw, who ran. We tried to cut him off, when the other men of the rebel picket rushed into the house and began firing at us. The company in the mean time surrounded the house. Captain Wilson was shot through the head. I ordered the men immediately to dismount and assault the house, which they did, and brought 4 prisoners out. One rebel was killed in the house. Some of the rebels were still firing at us from the woods, and being anxious to get the captain to a place of safety and the prisoners with their arms and horses secured, I ordered the company on to Mrs. Brooks' house and then on to Vienna, when I met Captain Heuser's squadron, which I ordered to remain where it was until further orders. On arriving at Vienna I found by some misconception of orders that Major Boteler had left with his squadron. I therefore at once sent for Captain Hagemeister's squadron from Freedom Hill to support Captain O'Farrell in the direction of Flint Hill, by which means I was enabled to send an ambulance to Flint Hill to bring in Sergeant Moore, of Company I, who was reported as dangerously wounded. Captain Heuser's squadron I then ordered back in support at Vienna. I then ascertained from a message from Major Moss that he had advanced towards Flint Hill.

In about two hours Captain Hagemeister returned, reporting the junction of the squadrons commanded by Majors Moss and Boteler and Captain O'Farrell's company, and that they had gone in the direction of Fairfax Court-House; upon which I collected the command at Freedom Hill, leaving a company at Vienna, and sending out scouts to Johnson's Hill and Hunter's Mill and Peacock's Hill.

It is difficult to particularize where all performed their duty with coolness, and courage, but I should be doing an injustice to a gallant

