
the day. It is impossible to particularize any one, as they all conducted themselves in a most creditable manner.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. L. MOSS,

Major, Commanding Cameron Dragoons.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Captain John O'Farrell, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP GRIFFIN, February 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, according to orders received from you at Freedom Hill, I left the main body of the regiment and proceeded with my company, together with Company F, through Vienna in the direction of Fairfax Court-House until we were close to Flint Hill, where I received instructions from Major Currie (then in command of the squadron) to make a charge to the right and get in rear of the rebel pickets, capturing as many as I could, while Company F charged to the left for the same purpose. At the first dash we made the nearest pickets discovering us managed to escape. I then, pursuant to instructions, took through the fields for about 2 miles in the direction of Hunter's Mill, making a dash on the rear of a log hut, where I discovered that a portion of their reserve guard was stationed. When about 50 yards from it and coming towards their rear they opened upon us a brisk fire, which lasted for several minutes before we managed to dislodge them, although we promptly surrounded the but and returned their fire with vigor. The firing of the enemy was rapid but mostly at random, which accounts for the few casualties on our side. Sergeant Moore, of my company, received a rifle-ball through his leg, fracturing the bone. He has since died. Of the enemy one was killed and another slightly wounded. They being under shelter, where out balls not penetrate, had every advantage. We took 6 prisoners, with their arms, horses, and equipments, some of which we lost in returning on account of the difficulty we had in bringing in our prisoners, as their pickets, who were now alarmed, kept firing on us from different directions as we returned, having gone some distance inside their lines. This fire we also returned, killing and wounding, as far as we know, two of their horses, and bringing with us all our prisoners and the wounded sergeant, which made our progress slow. The arms taken consisted of Colt's revolving rifles old-fashioned horse-pistols, and sabers. Having reached our reserves in safety I sent back the prisoners and wounded man with a proper guard, and returned with the remaining portion of my company, and in connection with the main body of the regiment, under Major Moss, passed through Fairfax Court-House, and returned with them to the camp by the way of Falls Church without further casualty. My non-commissioned officers and men behaved remarkably well. I can also speak highly of my first lieutenant, J. W. Pierce, and second lieutenant, Matthew Berry, for their prompt support when I attacked the enemy's pickets.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN O'FARRELL,

Captain, Commanding Company.

Major J. L. MOSS, Commanding Cameron Dragoons.

