
are two regiments, about 1,200 men, on outpost duty. Two regiments from General Richardson's brigade have advanced to their support, and a battery of artillery is now on its way to his headquarters, to be within reach should it be required. General Richardson has gone out to take command if necessary. I don't believe that the attack amounts to much .

The telegraph lines us are all down.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington.

FEBRUARY 25-MAY 6, 1862.-Operations in Loudoun County, Virginia.

Report of Colonel John W. Geary, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, including operations of his command to May 6, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHED BRIGADE,May 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command, both personal and temporarily enlarged, from the moment of the reception of orders from you to cross into Virginia up to May 6, the date of my reception of orders from the War Department to report to Major-General McDowell:

In obedience to orders from you to cross the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, on the evening of February 23 I got my command in readiness for that purpose, leaving detachments of companies on picket at Noland's Ferry, Point of Rocks, Knowville, Berlin, and intermediately posted. The cars conveyed the seven companies and two guns posted at Point of Rocks to Sandy Hook, which we reached before daylight, where we were joined by the other two guns and the seven companies which had been stationed up the river. Arriving at Harper's Ferry we rigged a rope ferry in the course of a few hours, losing 6 men by the upsetting of the skiffs early sent across. The weather, at first slightly perverse, became so exceedingly violent, and the river rose so rapidly, that it became dangerous to attempt to throw troops across. The storm raged all night of the 24th. Rebel cavalry scouts had been seen in the evening upon the hills beyond Bolivar, and as it was impossible to re-enforce the pioneers, consisting of 2 commissioned officers and 6 privates, we guarded their position by artillery and infantry on the Maryland side.

In the morning a calm ensued, and eight companies and a section of artillery were at once thrown over, and pickets were posted for a circuit of several miles, extending beyond Bolivar. The rope breaking and river running rapidly compelled me to transport two more companies in boats.

Establishing communication over the Shenandoah, we crossed five companies, and ascended Loudoun Heights on the 25th, and found rebel cavalry near, who at once fled. The oath of allegiance was administered to four persons found there. Two guns were placed in position there during the day, and the five companies under Lieutenant-Colonel De Korponay were detached as garrisons in the three fortifications

