
to Front Royal. Munford's regiment of cavalry was scouting daily in the vicinity of the road at various points, threatening to obstruct and destroy it.

At noon on the 16th the train crossed over the bridge at Goose Creek and the workmen at once engaged themselves on two bridges at Piedmont, each of 60 feet span, which were completed on the evening of the 18th, the timbers for some of the work being cut in the vicinity of the bridges. The four bridges between Piedmont and Markham now occupied our attention, and the work was rapidly pushed forward. At Linden the road required the attention of the engineers. The mountains were infested with forces of cavalry, in bodies of between 200 and 300, having designs against the bridges already constructed, making it necessary to strictly guard the entire road. The rebels made several unsuccessful attempts to force our pickets to accomplish their designs.

A continuous storm from April 18 and 22 materially retarded progress on the road. The creeks all became swollen; bridge over Bull Run was carried away, and the whole force of workmen was rebelled to rebuild it. The bridge over Goose Creek at Rectortown was partly washed away, and three others above it were somewhat injured. The persistence of the rebel cavalry in their attempts to obstruct the road became a daily annoyance. Scouting parties of my command were in frequent pursuit of them in every direction.

Two of White's cavalry were taken prisoners while creeping up to my pickets in the darkness with the intention of murdering them-a nightly occurrence. Other prisoners-noted enemies to our Government and abettors of the enemy-were taken in various sections of the surrounding country.

I had detachments posted from Salem to Linden guarding the road. The Eleventh Pennsylvania Regiment, Colonel Coulter, was guarding from Manassas to White Plains, leaving 30 miles of the most important section in my hands. The work progressed under persevering effort and almost unremitting labor, and no exertion was spared to expedite the completion of the road.

On the 27th I pushed forward detachments to Front Royal, establishing at all the important intermediate points. The railroad to Front Royal was in complete running order on the afternoon of the 29th, and five trains laden with subsistence, forage, &amp;c., passed over to that point, and my command was then guarding 32 miles of the road, disposed as follows: Four companies of cavalry, taking charge of road from White Plains to Rectortown, patrolling it, viz, one company of cavalry at Salem and three at Rectortown; my headquarters, 1 1/2 miles west of Rectortown, near large bridge over Goose Creek, where I had seven companies of infantry and one company of artillery; two companies of infantry and one company of cavalry were located at Piedmont; two companies of infantry at Markham, and four companies of infantry and one company of cavalry posted from Linden to the Shenandoah, the latter companies guarding the workmen engaged upon the bridge over that river and the stores of forage and subsistence which bad been deposited at that place. Owing to our line of advance and various positions held being detached from all direct facilities of transportation from any central depot of stores, we were compelled to procure our forage and subsistence through our quartermaster from citizens throughout the country, and many local places were so impoverished that numerous difficulties were attendant upon getting our necessities.

I take pleasure in being able to depressant to you the indomitable, persevering, and uncomplaining spirit of the men of my command under

