HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Md., March 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the rebel batteries at Cockpit Point were entirely destroyed yesterday . The valuable guns of these batteries were tumbled over the bank on which they stood, and are now where the vessels of the flotilla can remove them at their leisure. An effort was also made to demolish the batteries at Shipping Point and vicinity, but in consequence of their remoteness from the bank, the great weight of the pieces, and the absence of all aid from the vessels of the flotilla, the work was not completed. My men have been waiting on board of one of the barges for a tug to come for them to return to that duty to-day. It is now 11 o'clock a.m., and no tug has some. I regret this, as large quantities of powder and shell still remain on the rebel shore. Several loads were brought over yesterday. I will report more particularly when the reports of those in charge with that duty reach here. The rebels burned 800 barrels of flour before quitting Dumfries. I send to the provost-marshal by the steamer 3 prisoners, captured yesterday, whose testimony it may be interesting, if not valuable, to learn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Robert H. Wyman, U. S. Navy.

WASHINGTON, NAVY-YARD, March 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received the following message to Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: The Cockpit Point and Shipping Point batteries are abandoned. They have been shelled for an hour without a reply from them. Large fires at Shipping Point and Evansport make it apparent that they are destroying their material there. The Page also I believe to have been burned and blown up. Many explosions have occurred.

Very respectfully,

R. H. WYMAN,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

JNO. A. DAHLGREN.

No. 3. Report of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, RAPPAHANNOCK BRIDGE,March 12, 1862.

GENERAL: The troops left Manassas and its vicinity on the evening of the 9th. The chief quartermaster having reported that the public property of value would be removed before Friday, I had ordered the

