
I then received orders from General Kearny to march back to the Cross-Roads and join my regiment, and there bivouacked for the night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID HATFIELD,

Major First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

A. T. A. TORBERT, Colonel, First New Jersey Volunteers.

No. 5. Report of Captain Sylvester Van Sickell, First New Jersey Infantry.

FIRST REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,

Camp Seminary, Va., March 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was ordered by lieutenant-Colonel McAllister, on Monday morning, 10th instant, at 8.30 o'clock a.m., while stationed a Farr's Cross-Roads, to take my command and proceed cautiously up the Braddock road towards Centerville, and after passing our pickets to send out an advance guard, which I did, sending Lieutenant William H. Tantum on with 14 men. I was also furnished with 4 cavalrymen to act as a patrol, and to report to him at intervals as we proceeded. I received the first communication from Lieutenant Tantum when at Cub Run, which I forwarded to Lieutenant-Colonel McAllister, saying that he had possession of five contrabands, and had caught up with the four scouts sent in advance. Lieutenant Tantum halted with his guard until I brought up my reserve. He then advanced about a mile, when I received word that appearances were favorable-to come on with all possible dispatch, as he would be in Centerville in an hour. The message I immediately sent to Lieutenant-Colonel McAllister, and proceeded on. Lieutenant Tantum arrived at Centerville about 11.30 a.m., where he immediately posted four sentries in different places in the village, one at each of three forts. I arrived there at fifteen minutes after 12 o'clock noon, and took possession of General Johnston's headquarters, and there awaited the arrival of the First Regiment, which came in about 4 p.m. The New York Forty-fourth Regiment arrived at about 3.30 o'clock p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. VAN SICKELL,

Captain Company B, First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

A. T. A. TORBERT, Colonel First New Jersey Volunteers.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Isaac M. Tucker, Second New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Seminary, Va., March 16, 1862.

SIR: I proceed to furnish to the headquarters of the First Brigade (General Franklin's division) a detailed account of the movements of this regiment during the past week, while upon its march towards Manassas and vicinity.

