
Pursuant to brigade orders, the regiment, excepting Captain Tay's company, doing picket duty at the time, repaired to the brigade parade on Friday, the 7th instant, at 1 o'clock p.m., where General Kearny's command was formed. The regiment was provided with the shelter tents, six days' rations, forty rounds of ball cartridges issued to each man and in the cartridge-boxes, together with thirty extra rounds to each man transported by the quartermaster. With the knapsacks placed and thus provided the regiment, in company with the rest of the brigade, proceeded on its march to Burke's Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, by way of the Little River turnpike and the old Braddock road, reaching its destination about midnight, after a long and tedious march, the road after leaving the turnpike being considerably obstructed with mud.

On the march the flank companies, commanded by Captains Close and Wildrick, were detached and placed under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, of the Third Regiment, constituting, with similar companies from other regiments, a light battalion, in advance of the brigade. The remaining seven companies under my command encamped at the Station that night, and remained there until the morning of Sunday, the 9th instant, when, by order of General Kearny, we proceeded up the railroad to Fairfax Station, leaving two companies, under Captains Wiebecke and Stoll, at the rifle-pits constructed by the enemy in rear of the Station. From this point a scout of 20 men, under Lieutenant Wreeland, accompanied by 2 mounted dragoons, proceeded in the direction of Fairfax Court-House, while the balance of Lieutenant Wreeland's company, under Lieutenant Blewett, skirted the dense woods adjoining the Station on the north. Communication was at once opened with Colonel Taylor, in command of the Third Regiment, in advance, at Sangster's Station, and with Colonel Simpson, in command of the Fourth Regiment, in the rear. While occupying this position two companies (Captains Bishop and Hopwood), under command of Major Ryerson, were sent forward to act as flankers for Colonel Taylor's command.

About 11 o'clock a.m. I received information that the enemy's pickets had been driven back by a detachment of cavalry just in front of Colonel Taylor's regiment, and at the same time was ordered to withdraw the companies acting as flankers, also Lieutenant Blewett's command, skirting the adjoining wood, and proceed with my battalion to the support of Colonel Taylor, which orders was promptly executed. About 2 p.m. I was ordered with my command, consisting of five companies, to take position in line of battle on a commanding hill just in advance of Colonel Taylor's regiment, and hold it until the darkness of the evening would enable me to withdraw without being observed. This hill was the picket station occupied by the enemy and from which our cavalry had just driven them, and was but little more than 5 miles from Manassas Junction.

About 7 p.m. I left this position (the companies retiring behind the hill separately) and proceeded back to Fairfax Station, where we encamped, in company with the Third Regiment, and where we remained until the morning of Tuesday, the 11th instant, when, pursuant to orders (the flank companies and the picket company having now joined us), we took up our line of march to Fairfax Court-House, and entered the town with hand playing. Here we encamped upon the ground selected by Colonel Simpson for this regiment, and remained in camp there until Friday, the 14th instant, when, in company with the whole brigade, at 7 p.m., we struck our tents and took up our line of march back to this camp, arriving here about midnight. The men returned in good health

