
No. 10. Report of Lieutenant William Alexander, First New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp Kearny, March 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from Brigadier-General Kearny, I marched from Burke's Station on the morning of the 9th instant with 20 men. My orders were to proceed to the Pohick road and scour the country right and left, which I did as far as Brimstone Hill. I then returned to Elzey's where I learned from the officer commanding the pickets of the Third New Jersey Regiment that a squad of rebel cavalry had just driven in two of his pickets. I immediately started in pursuit, and having followed them about 3 miles, returned to Fairfax Station and reported the circumstances to the commanding general.

I was then ordered by the general to accompany him to Sangster's Station, and on arriving there to occupy a road leading to the right, going into a large wood, my orders being to intercept a body of rebel infantry from getting in there. It was about this time that the brilliant charge was made by Lieutenant Hidden, of our regiment. General Kearny then rode up and informed me that Lieutenant Hidden had fallen and was perhaps only wounded, and ordered me to charge with my party and drive the enemy into the woods, and procure the body if possible. We did so, Lieutenant Thomson and myself, and recovered the body. I then returned to Fairfax Station and reported to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant and Adjutant, First Battalion.

Captain JOSEPH K. STEARNS,

Commanding Company H and Squadron.

No. 11. Letter from Colonel David McM. Gregg, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR HAMPTON, VA., April 21, 1862.

DEAR COLBURN: A few days ago I saw published a letter from the General-in-Chief to General Kearny concerning the first occupation of Manassas by our troops. The first troops at Manassas were the Third and Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry. These being there before other regiments was the simple performance of a designated duty, and as such not deserving a public recognition. The reply of the General-in-Chief, however, acknowledges that the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry was, in fact, the first regiment at Manassas, and the object of the correspondence being evidently to secure to one or the body of troops the credit of the first occupation, I write you thus to ascertain if it is known at the headquarters of the Army that the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry entered Manassas with the Third Regiment.

An official recognition of the service is not asked for my regiment; but since I was personally instructed by the Commander-in-Chief to perform a certain duty, it would be gratifying to myself and regiment

