
of the enemy on that section of river lands. I was told by a man who lives about 5 miles from this camp that he had heard the drum the night before on the hills opposite. No camp was visible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. MCCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 7, 1861-6.45 a. m.

P. S.-I received at 3 a. m. a dispatch from Colonel [W. F.] Smith, saying he had received your dispatch directing him to be "particularly cautious about an attack to-night." My brigade was immediately under arms and is still in order of battle, but I have no intelligence of the advance of the enemy yet.

GEO. A. MCCALL.
HEADQUARTERS, SANDY HOOK,Near Harper's Ferry, Va., August 6, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I was much gratified to receive the order authorizing the transfer of stores, &amp;c., to Frederick. I immediate measures will be taken to carry it into effect and to bring the war regiments here. The telegram advising the withdrawal of stores from Hagerstown to Sandy Hook was duly received, and orders were given to the quartermaster to hold them in readiness for removal; but there were no buildings at Sandy Hook, and the camp covers were exhausted in protecting our own stores. We were preparing buildings at Knoxville when the order of yesterday was received. Prisoners taken from the Virginia side of the river speak to those they think prisoners of their expectations that Johnston will enter Leesburg shortly with a large force. The general tenor of our intelligence is of an advance in that direction, if any is made. We have now nearly 12,000 men, and the regiments are rapidly improving in discipline and drill.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,August 6, 1861.

Brigadier General ROSECRANS, U. S. A.,

Commanding, &c., Clarksburg, Va.:

It is said that Lee intends attacking Cheat Mountain Pass. It is advisable for you to push forward rapidly the fortifications ordered by General McClellan on that mountain and near Huttonsville. No intelligence of any move on Red House via Romney.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

CLARKSBURG, VA., August 6, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Every day's experience with volunteer troops convinces me of the absolute necessity of having some officers of military education among

