
oen at Bulltown, eight near Huttonsville, two at Beverly, one at Parkersburg and vicinity, perhaps one at Clarksburg, one at Grafton, five at Red House. If you have more than this number of regiments available, post them in preference at Beverly, or Leadsville, and the Gauley. Establish your own headquarters at Buckhannon for the present, and at once establish a telegraphic communication thence to the Gauley. In no event permit the enemy to re-enter Western Virginia. Carry out these instructions immediately. What progress is being made in the organization of Virginia troops? Report frequently. Push your patrols and pickets well to the front. No more regular officers can at present be sent to you. The pack-train movement object can be better effected by a different arrangement, for which, probably, orders will soon be given.

By order of Lieutenant-General Scott:

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Fort McHenry, Md., August 7, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army:

COLONEL: I received the telegraphic dispatch of the General-in-Chief, to send General King and two Wisconsin regiments to Washington, this afternoon, at 5.15 p. m. The orders have been issued and the regiments will leave the movement transportation can be provided. General King returned to Washington this afternoon. When the dispatch was received my force in this State had been disposed as follows: First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, at Annapolis and Annapolis Junction; Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, at Relay House; Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, at West Baltimore street; Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, at McKim's mansion; Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, at Patterson's Park; Twentieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, on Norther Central Railroad; Third Regiment New York Volunteers, at Fort McHenry; Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, near Fort McHenry; Fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, at Federal Hill; Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, six companies on Baltimore and Philadelphia Railroad; Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, four companies at Mount Clare; Second Regiment Delaware Volunteers, five companies at Havre de Grace. The time of these five last-named companies is about to expire,and they are to be replaced by the four companies of the New York Fourth at Mount Clare.

I had occupied all the important eminences nearest to Baltimore. The removal of the Fifth and Sixth Wisconsin compels me to abandon two of them. Two companies of cavalry have arrived; both are without arms, and one without horses. I must request that the General-in-chief will order sabers and pistols to be sent to me from Washington. There is nothing here but Hall's carbines, and they are without slings. The Third and Fourth New York Volunteers came here from Fort Monroe in a state of disorganization. I am doing all I can to restore order among them. They were recruited in cities, and this is a bad place for them.

