HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, August 14, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I am informed by Brigadier-General McDowell that 62 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Second Regiment of Maine Volunteers have formally and positively, and in the presence of their regiment, refused to do any further duty whatever, falsely alleging that they are no longer in the service of the United States. I concur in the suggestion of General McDowell that this combined subordination, if not open mutiny, should be immediately repressed; and I approve of his recommendation that the insubordinate soldiers should be immediately transferred in arrest and without arms to the Dry Tortugas, there to perform such fatigue service as the commanding officer there may assign to them, until they shall by their future conduct who themselves worthy to bear arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C., August 14, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER,

Provost-Marshal, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The brigade commander of the Seventy-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers having reported that the regiment is in a state of open mutiny, Major-General McClellan directs that you proceed with a battery, the two companies of the Second Cavalry, at the Park Hotel, and as many companies of regular infantry as you may deem proper, to the encampment of that regiment. On your arrival there you will order such as are willing to move to march out of the camp, leaving the disaffected portion of the regiment by themselves. You will then order the latter portion to lay down their arms, and will put them under a strong guard. The ringleaders you will put in double irons.

You are authorized, if necessary, to use force to accomplish the object. Report the result as soon as possible.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, VA., August 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

Lee has one body of 8,000 men near Monterey, in Highland; another force of equal if not greater strength is this side of Huntersville. Still another body of considerable size is marching by the way of Mingo Flats on to Huttonsville. We have no force guarding the Mingo Flats road. Rosecrans is at Clarksburg, a respectful distance. For God's sake send us more troops and a general to command, or else we are whipped in less than ten days.

---------------

*See report Numbers 1, of reconnaissance September 11, 1861, to Lewinsville, &c., p. 168.

---------------

36 R R-VOL V

