
To supply this deficiency two companies of the Twenty-first Indiana Volunteers are in training.

The only two regiments intact are the Fifth New York Volunteers and the Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Fort Delaware has a garrison of less than 50 artillerists. It ought to be immediately re-enforced by another company.

The Fifth New York Volunteers is well drilled in the schools of the soldier, the company, and the battalion. The Third and Fourth New York Volunteers are tolerable well trained. The residue of the regiments under my command are new levies, and have been so much cut up by detached service that they have had no opportunity of being instructed, except int eh school of the soldier and the company.

In regard to this city I feel safe for the moment, even with my present inadequate force; by if the Confederates should cross the potomac into Maryland, it would need to be doubled in order to secure us against and outbreak on the part of the disloyal population. I have never put my estimate of the troops required in and around Baltimore at less than 7,000.

I am sorry to say that the Third and Fourth Regiments New York Volunteers are greatly demoralized. I had serious difficulty with the former a few days ago; but by prompt and rigorous measures he in-subordination was quelled.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-It has been nearly impossible to get correct returns from the volunteer regiments which arrived here the last of July, those particularly which were immediately broken up and put on detached service. Those around the city, and thus within our reach, made their morning reports regularly, but with the others we have great trouble. Our arrangements are now made to get reports from them every Monday morning, and I hope to be able, within the next two or three days, to send you a full return up to this morning.

Since finishing my letter the Sixteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers has arrived, and, by order of the General-in-Chief, goes into camp here.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,August 19, 1861.

Colonel KENLY, First Maryland Regiment:

SIR: The general commanding directs that upon receipt of this communication you at once detach from your regiment as follows:

Two companies at Antietam Ford, to relieve the detachment of the Thirteenth Massachusetts Regiment at that place.

Two companies at Shepherdstown Ford, to relieve the detachment of the Thirteenth Massachusetts Regiment at that place.

One company in vicinity of locks and ford at Shepherd's Island, also to relieve a detachment of the Thirteenth Massachusetts Regiment.

One company at Dam Numbers 4, to relieve a detachment of the Thirteenth Massachusetts Regiment.

Headquarters of the regiment with the remaining companies to be at Williamsport.

