SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION, W. VA.,Numbers 89. Sutton, Va., September 6, 1861.

The command will move to-morrow morning in the direction of Summersville at-o'clock and in the following order, viz:

1. General Benham's brigade in the order named: Tenth Ohio Volunteers, McMullin's battery, Thirteenth and Twelfth Ohio Volunteers. Cavalry as the general may direct.

2. Colonel [R. L.] McCook's brigade, Ninth, Twenty-eighth, and Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteers. Cavalry under direction of the colonel.

3. Colonel [E. P.] Scammon's brigade (with the exceptions hereafter named), Mack's battery, Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers.

* * * *

The colonel commanding Third Brigade will detach four companies of the Thirtieth as a guard for this depot. The remaining six will accompany and guard the train.

* * * *

By order of General Rosecrans:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington City, September 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to suggest the following proposition, with the request that the necessary authority be at once given me to carry it out. To organize a force of two brigades of five regiments each of New England men for the general service, but particularly adapted to coast service. The officers and men to be sufficiently conversant with boat service to manage steamers, sailigh vessels, launches, barges, surf-boats, floating batteries, &amp;c. To character or buy for the command a sufficient number of propellers or tug-boats for transportation of men and supplies, the machinery of which should be amply protected by timber, the vessels to have permanent experienced officers from the merchant service, but to be manned by details from the command. A naval officer to be attached to the staff of the commanding officer. The flank companies of each regiment to be armed with Dahlgren boat guns and carbines with water-proof cartridges; the other companies to have such arms as I may hereafter designate, to be uniformed and equipped as the Rhode Island regiments are. Launches and floating batteries, with timber parapets, of sufficient capacity to land or bring into action the entire force. The entire management and organization of the force to be under my control and form an integral part of the Army of the Potomac.

The immediate object to this force is for operations in the incests of Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac, by enabling me to transport and land troops a points where they are need. This force can also be used in conjunction with a naval force operating against points on the sea-coast. This coast division to be commanded by a general officer of my selection. The regiments to be organized as other land forces. The disbursements for vessels, &c., to be made by the proper departments of the Army, upon the requisition of the general commanding the division, with my approval.

I think the entire force can be organized in thirty days, and by no means the least of the advantages of this proposition is the fact that it

