
by Friday night. You will please forward rations for five days, complete, to Lower Marlborough, and three boxes of ammunition, as some of ours got wet.

ROBERT COWDIN,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment.

PRINCE FREDERICTON, MD., September 16, 1861.

Brigadier General JOSEPH HOOKER:

GENERAL: I arrived at this place this evening. I find that there have been organized in this town two companies-one of cavalry and one of infantry. I have sent out scouting parties to-day and shall send more to-night. I shall remain here to-morrow, and shall send forward a detachment of cavalry to Saint Leonard's, if nothing occurs to change my plans.

The majority of the citizens are opposed to the Government, and many fled the town at my approach, as has been the case in many other secession places. The professed object of the two companies organized is home protection, in case of negro insurrection. I shall thoroughly investigate the matter, with the view of ascertaining the true state of affairs.

I received a dispatch from Colonel Dwigth to-day and replied. He was at a short distance from Benedict, moving on toward Port Tobacco.

ROBERT COWDIN,

Commanding First Massachusetts Volunteers.

LOWER MARLBOROUGH, MD., September 16, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM DWIGHT:

COLONEL: Your message is just received. My instruction contemplate a visit to Prince Fredericton and Saint Leonard's and a return to this place. I am also instructed to keep open a communication with yourself. I cannot, upon my own responsibility, exceed these instructions, unless you should be attacked or are in danger of being cut off, neither of which contingencies seem to me probable. In case either should occur, however, I will take every means in my power to render you immediate assistance. I feel very much indebted to you for the use of the steamer yesterday, which saved my men a very fatiguing march.

I am, sir,

ROBERT COWDIN,

Colonel Firt Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.
HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION, WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Cross-Lanes, Va., September 16, 1861.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Camp at Spy Rock, Va.:

GENERAL: The Commanding General directs that you advance with the main body of your column only far enough to occupy a good camping ground in a strongly defensible position, and wait for your tent and baggage trains to come up. Send forward a strong advance guard, if practicable, to the top of Big Sewell. If that cannot be done, send one

