
keep it clear; hold your position securely, and the moment you see any signs of an opportunity, fall on them, and worry and harass them, if you can do no more. If your troops move lightly, carrying the necessary provisions to go and return, you can so harass them that you may prevent their leaving their position and stop any force they can bring against you. Hasten up your troops, and when your column is re-enforced, we may have the opportunity to strike a decisive blow. Keep well advised.

Yours,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 19, 1861.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: There are several companies in Caroline, Queen Anne, and Carroll Counties under arms once or twice a week drilling. They are composed exclusively of secessionists, and are armed with rifled muskets. I have not been able to ascertain whether they are organized in every instance under the laws of this State, but it makes no difference. If they are, they are acting in violation of the order of the governor, who called on them some months ago to give up their arms. If they are unauthorized organizations, they ought to be broken up. If you approve of the suggestions, I will send a few policemen, with a competent military force, from 50 to 100 men in each case, and take their arms from them. I know the governor approves the measure, and I propose to consult him in each case before I act. We can get a few hundred arms of the best quality, and take them out of the hands of men of the worst character.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJ'T General 'S OFFICE,

No. 80. Washington, September 19, 1861.

I. The Military Department of Ohio will in future consist of the State of that name, Indiana, and so much of Kentucky as lies within 15 miles of Cincinnati, under the command of Brigadier-General Mitchell, of the U. S. Volunteers; headquarters, Cincinnati.

So much of Virginia as lies west of the Blue Ridge Mountains will constitute in future a separate command, to be called the Department of Western Virginia, under Brigadier-General Rosecrans. Headquarters in the field. The latter will continue to draw re-enforcements by requisitions upon the governor of Ohio as heretofore, or by order addressed direct to the U. S. commander in that State, as often as may be necessary.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

