
regard to Freestone Point, viz, that their workmen there were not so carefully concealed as usual, and to me it appears that they were intentionally exposed to view, as there was no necessity for bringing them at all outside the thick growth of trees until ready, and then they would have cut the trees at night and opened their battery at daylight. Besides this, a week or so before about 20 men were seen going up towards this bluff from the northward. This exposure is not in keeping with their usual maneuvers, and besides the road direct lies on the south side of the bluff.

I called yesterday morning to speak to yourself or General Barnard in regard to this matter, but not finding you in, my duties did not permit me to wait, and I trusted that I might have found an opportunity to call before going down the river. As I shall go probably by 10 to 11 a.m. to-morrow, I take the liberty of writing, in accordance with the permission given by yourself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. WYMAN,

Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Steamer Pocahontas.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, September 30, 1861.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,Cambridge:

SIR: I am authorized by Major-General McClellan to disarm any companies on the Eastern Shore of Maryland which are training with supposed hostile intentions toward the Government. There is a company at Riall's Landing, on the Nanticoke River, commanded by Captain Moore, and called the Tyaskin Guards, which ought to be disarmed. Will you please see that is done?

I am, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,

Good Hope, September 30, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return to camp last night. The order of yesterday, to hold my command in readiness to march at short notice, reached me at Piscataway, where the force detached under the command of Colonel Dwight was encamped. Regarding this order as superseding the instructions heretofore received (to halt the detachment at Piscataway until further orders), I directed Colonel Dwight at noon to break camp and move to Good Hope, where the column arrived at 6 p.m.; a march of 15 miles. A rumor prevailed among the men that an action would take place to-day, so they prevailed upon their officers not to halt, and they did not.

On Friday I examined the position of the battery at Freestone Point. It seems not well placed to impede the navigation of the Potomac. Observing how close to the shore the channel runs at Cockpit and Hallowing Points and other places on the Virginia side, and where as yet no batteries have been disclosed, the inference is suggested that

39 R R-VOL V

