
and as I hope to be of some good service in the future, I had better not be stopped.

The troops are getting impatient; many of the Georgians openly expressing their desire to go home. They have not been paid and their clothes are getting very shabby.

The batteries at Leesburg I ascertained have not been touched. Should anything occur your will have information. At Martinsburg yesterday morning I found two Eastern men, carpenters, who lodge at the house of Mrs. Cusahwa, a good Union woman; they both evinced a strong desire to risk their lives for their country; one of them has gone to Leesburg under the pretense of getting employment, and will communicate with the other every movement.

I propose, after I hear from you, to go quickly, which I can easily do, to Richmond, via Winchester, Strasburg, and Manassas, and report at Louisville, to you through General Anderson. I think you will see the importance of this in view of recent movements. I also fear to lie about there too long at a time. I have a splendid foothold, if I can only maintain it till something of importance occurs; and if you desire it, I will remain about the neighborhood of Manassas. I shall await your orders by telegraph.

The expected attack upon the coast is exciting a great deal of feeling, and should it come in Georgia or Louisiana, I believe hundreds of the army here, under pretense of going to the rescue, would go to swear allegiance to the United States.

Will you please authorize Major-General Banks to pay me what you think I am entitled to for sixteen days' services and risk.*

Should I think of any other point I will send it on.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

BUXTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 7, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to the letter of your assistant adjutant-general, Major Williams, of the 5th instant, inclosing an extract of a letter from General H. H. Lockwood, of the 23rd of September, I desire to say that there is not a steamboat or tug at my disposal here, and I do not think there is a single one among those recently purchased fit for the service for which General Lockwood requires one. They all draw too much water. I have not seen one that draws less than 10 feet. Two months ago, about a fortnight after I assumed command here, I asked for four steamers, with suitable armaments, of not more than four hundred tons burden. They ought not to draw over 5 feet of water. With such a vessel one could go up the rivers and enter the numberless inlets and bays on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, breaking up the illicit trade now carried on with Virginia and the meetings which are held at various points in hostility to the Government. Some steamboats have been fitted up here, but they are poor things, heavy, inconvenient, and cramped, with scanty accommodations even for the crews, and utterly incapable of carrying a company of soldiers. I was on board of one, the Hercules, a few days ago. She is a clumsy craft, with one gun, and draws over 10 feet of water. None of these vessels have

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted.

---------------

