HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., October 20, 1861.

Brigadier General C. M. THRUSTON, U. S. A.,

Cumberland, Md., via Grafton, Va.:

Organize and dispatch a detachment of troops from those nearest at hand to protect the North and South Branch Bridges, with other parts of the Baltimore and Ohio road within easy reach of Cumberland. Brigadier-General Lander will be sent to take general direction of the service in that quarter, with other instructions and troops for the same object. The greatest expedition is required in this first movement from Cumberland. The agent of the road will be instructed to give you all advice and assistance in his power. If time permit, call for any necessary detachment of troops from New Creek, or even Grafton, to save the bridges of the road.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA.

Baltimore, Md., October 21, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,Commanding Army of Potomac:

GENERAL: I have received the letter of Mr. James Hubbard, of Laurel, Del., in regard to the rebel force at Jenkins' Bridge, on the Eastern Shore of Virginia. I think he estimates the rebel force in Accomac County too high. I think it nearer 2,500 than 4,500. In the two counties (Accomac and Northampton) there may be from 4,000 to 5,000 in the different camps. I think two infantry regiments, a battery of light artillery, and two companies of cavalry would break up and disperse the entire force. They have received some arms lately, from what quarter it is very difficult to say. It is extremely desirable to have a decided demonstration of force in that direction by the 1st of November. The election in this State comes off on the 6th, and our Union friends in the lower counties are disheartened and in danger of being overawed by the influence of these rebel organizations on the secessionists in those counties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 21, 1861.

Colonel R. B. MARCY,

Inspector-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: It has occurred to me that it might be interesting to you to know the system adopted in Baltimore to secure the inhabitants from annoyance by the bad conduct of our soldiers and to keep our men within their encampments.

A few days after I took command, the latter part of July, some 300 of our men had escaped front heir regiments, and were disgracing the service by their drunkenness and disorderly conduct in the city, where most of them were secreted. I immediately issued an order to the police to arrest all soldiers found in Baltimore without passes signed by the captains of the companies and the colonels of the regiments to which they belonged, and I adopted very stringent rules in regard to permits to soldiers to leave their camps. In about ten days the absentees

