HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 1, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Of the events of to-day the most deserving of mention are the exercises of the battery. Seven shots were fired from a section of Battery A, at an elevation of 13 deg. and 14 deg. The fourth shot is supposed to have taken effect on the steamer. With our small pieces I think it advisable to discontinue the practice, and only permitted it to enable some of the young officers with the batteries to have a little practice.

Firing was kept at long intervals during the day from the rebel batteries. Oyster boats continue to pass up and down in safety. The random shooting of the enemy renders it an adventure of comparative safety. My observation is that they are as likely to be struck by lightning as by the reel shot.

The company dispatched to search for the concealed arms left at daylight.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF HARPER'S FERRY AND CUMBERLAND,Camp Keys, Romney, Va., November 1, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commanding Army of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will find proclamation of the general to the people of Hampshire County and the Upper Potomac. I am happy to inform you that it is effecting great good among the people. The Union sentiment of this county is rapidly developing itself, and many of the citizens are coming in and availing themselves of the terms of the proclamation. The general being a Virginian himself, and a personal acquaintance of many of the inhabitants, is enabled to exercise a salutary influence over them. The general arrived from New Creek this evening, and I am sorry to say is not very well. I hope he will be better in a day or two.

And am, with great respect, yours, &amp;c.,

BENJ. F. HAWKES,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

To the People of Hampshire County and the Upper Potomac:

My object in addressing you is to give you assurance that I come among you, not for the purpose of destroying you, but for your protection in all our rights-civil, social, and political. I am here, backed by the forces of the United States, to protect you in the rights of property as well as person, so long as you are peaceful citizens and loyal to the Government of the United States, the flag of which has so long and so well protected you, and under the folds of which you have lived long, happily, and prosperously. But if you attempt to carry on a guerrilla warfare against my troops, by attacking my wagon trains or messenger, or shooting my guards or pickets, you will be considered

