
as enemies of your country, and treated accordingly. I shall put as few restrictions upon the ordinary business of the people as possible, and will give as free ingress and egress to and from Romney as the safety of my troops will admit. Citizens who have fled, under an erroneous belief that they will be imprisoned or killed, are invited to return to their homes and families, assured that they shall be protected whenever they give evidence that they will be loyal, peaceful, and quit citizens. Every reasonable facility will be given the people to seek a market on the railroad for their surplus produce, and to obtain supplies of merchandise, groceries, &amp;c. All persons who have taken up arms against the Government are hereby required to lay them down, return to their homes, and take an oath of allegiance to support the Government of the United States. By so doing they will receive all the protection due to an American citizen.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

ROMNEY, VA., October 28, 1861.

WHEELING, November 1, 1861.

General ROSECRANS:

Can't you spare General Benham's brigade to assist General Kelley in holding his position at Romney and enable him to advance? It is of great importance at this time. A quick movement in the direction at this time might enable them, with Reynolds, to bag all the rebels on Cheat Mountain.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEP'T., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

No. 94. Washington, November 1, 1861.

The following order from the President of the United States, announcing the retirement from active command of the honored veteran Lieutenant General Winfield Scott will be read by the Army with profound regret:

EXECUTIVE MANSON,

Washington, November 1, 1861.

On the 1st day of November, A. D. 1861, upon his own application to the President of the United States, Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott is ordered to be placed, and hereby is placed, upon the list of retired officers of the Army of the United States, without reduction in his current pay, subsistence, or allowances.

The American people will hear with sadness and deep emotion that General Scott has withdrawn from the active control of the Army, while the President and a unanimous Cabinet express their own and the nation's sympathy in his personal affliction, and their profound sense of the important public services rendered by him to his country during his long and brilliant career, among which will ever be gratefully distinguished his faithful devotion to the Constitution, the Union, and the Flag, when assailed by parricidal rebellion.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

The President is pleased to direct that Major General George B. McClellan assume the command of the Army of the United States. The headquarters of the Army will be established in the city of Washington. All communications intended for the Commanding General will hereafter be addressed direct to the Adjutant-General. The duplicate returns, orders, and other papers, heretofore sent to the assistant adjutant-general, headquarters of the Army, will be discontinued.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

