
are closed to-morrow, and then to return to camp. Previous to this I had dispatched four companies of the Indiana cavalry as follows: One to White Horse Tavern and Piscataway, one to Leonardtown, one to Trappe, and one to Pleasant Hill. They will return the day after election.

We have no news to report in our front. A few shots were fired by the rebels in the course of the day, but for what object is not apparent..

I must call the attention of the Major-General Commanding to the condition of our land communication with the city. It was reported to me to-day that not less than twenty of my teams are on the road struggling to work their way through the mud, some of the wagons broken and the teams worried and exhausted. How they came there is more than I know; certainly without my authority or knowledge. If this should be continued, I shall not have a serviceable team in train, nor will the depot quartermaster in Washington if he permits his teams to be put on the road.

To-morrow orders will be issued forbidding all land communication with the city and vicinity except on horseback, and I request that the Quartermaster's Department may be informed of this circumstance, in order that proper facilities may be extended to my command by means of steamer. Is it not advisable to have regular days appointed for her to make her trips?

We have now nearly if not quite exhausted this district for 30 miles around of all supplies except the new crop of corn, which cannot be fed to animals safely at present, and it will therefore be an easy problem to determine what amount of transportation will be required for our supplies. I trust that the proper Departments may speedily give this subject their attention.

I have discovered that the transportation with which the Second Brigade moved to this point is not regularly assigned to it, but that the greater part of the wagons belong to the general train. I have directed them to be returned, and for requisitions to be sent in at once to provide each regiment with fourteen wagons, one to each company, one to the field and staff, and three to transport and shelter the 60,000 rounds of ammunition required to be kept on hand for each regiment. This I learn is in conformity with the rules of the Department. I hope that orders may be given for them to be provided without delay. As soon as they are received, and understanding from my instructions that it is the design of the Major-General, I propose to post my brigades in the order of battle along the shore of the Potomac and just beyond the reach of the rebel batteries, with the exception of one regiment, which is to locate in the vicinity of the landing on Mattawoman Creek. This will require less hauling for the supply of the division than posted as it now is. This arrangement will remove the regiment and battery from Hilltop and also from Port Tobacco, which, now that the election is over and the supplies nearly exhausted, are not needed there. The flotilla above and below protects the landing points on our wings.

The line of telegraph will be completed to-morrow, but from some cause the person in charge informs me that it is not in working order. Whether the wires have been cut or trees fallen across it will soon be determined, as the party will follow the line on their return. Up to the line of writing I have heard nothing from Brigadier-General Sykes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

