
not informed. Several of the pieces are rifled, but they seem to throw more wildly, if possible, than the smooth bores. From that was witnessed to-day and previous occasions, I am forces to the conclusion that the rebel batteries in this vicinity should not be a terror to any one.

The balloon was inflated about 8 o'clock p.m.; but whether an ascension was made or not I am not advised. If the elements should favor, she will to-morrow.

In the morning I propose to visit the flotilla lying off Smith's Point. I received information that the rebels have constructed a battery on the opposite shore in that vicinity.

It will be advisable on the return of the supply steamer for her to take in tow a scow or two of large size to assist in discharging her freight. The boats here are mere wrecks, and though I have men at work repairing them, I question if they can be put in condition for good service.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DIVISION, NEAR SENECA CREEK, MARYLAND, November 11, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

SIR: I regret to be obliged to report to the Commanding General increasing sickness among the troops of this division. The diseases are not of a serious character so far as they have appeared. Purging, vomiting, intermittent fever, camp fevers, approaching somewhat the typhoid in character, are among the principal diseases. They are undoubtedly caused by the cold rains we have had since our return and on our march to Edwards Ferry and the wet grounds upon which we are encamped, where the clay soils hold all the water that falls, and the autumn sun-what little we have of it-does not seem to dry the camp ground at all. The men have done all possible in the way of building furnaces and huts to make their camps comfortable. It is chiefly when on duty they suffer.

I do not make these suggestions with a view to broach in any way the subject of permanent quarters, but to say that [if] we were to remain in this part of the State for two or three weeks it might be well to remove our general camp to some other position. If it did not improve the health of the division, it would relieve the minds of the men, who attribute their suffering in a great degree to the locality. If we are to remain here but a few days, of course a change would be unadvisable.

In reference to locality, I should say the neighborhood of Rockville would be most conducive to the health of the division. It has extensive grounds, which the people would be glad to have us occupy, and in the event of a removal towards the capital, a paved road the whole distance would transport our trains and troops without difficulty in any weather. I ought to say, however, that at Rockville we should be chiefly dependent upon Washington for supplies and forage.

In the event of a more permanent camp, Frederick County offers greater advantages. It is a healthy location; the country about would support the division entirely. It would be connected by railroad with Baltimore and Washington; by canal and railroad also with Washington and Cumberland, and, with an interval of 5 miles only, with Hagerstown and the Middle and Western States. We should there obtain abundant supplies, and be ready for immediate movement in any direction. In either case the river could be guarded as now.

