
with the polls, but they failed to make the attempt in the presence of troops. Some arrests were made, but the men were released and allowed to vote. The people generally express their satisfaction with the conduct of the troops and the result of the election. The men who were furloughed for the exercise of the elective franchise have returned, with few exceptions, where detained by sickness, or arrest, or not having passes. The average majority will reach 30,000 votes for the Union; a more favorable result than was anticipated. Ten thousand would have satisfied the Union men very well..

Both branches of the legislature are for the Union, which will enable the State to contribute its quota of men and money for the war..

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,.

N. P. BANKS,.

Major-General, Commanding Division..

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, NEAR SENECA CREEK,.

November 14, 1861.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant in answer to my note of the 11th instant upon the subject of the location of the division. While I would approve the measure suggested for a "sanitary inspection of the present location of the division and of the sites suggested," I desire the Commanding General not to forget the possible, not to say probable, condition of the roads in this neighborhood. The soil is a pure clay to the depth of 5 or 6 feet, and one week's rain, which must be expected at this season, would make all the roads here absolutely impassable for the troops or division trains..

The health of the division would suffer from such a state of weather; yet should a sanitary inspection, looking to the question of health alone, result in the conclusion that the present location was sufficiently favorable in that regard, as it might well harped at this time, nevertheless we might in one week after, by the state of the roads, be completely cut off from supplies, except by the canal, and prevented from moving in any direction. We must preserve our communications as well as the health of the division. We are in danger in this respect at any time from the middle of November to the last of December..

I have the honor to be, with much respect, you obedient servant,.

N. P. BANKS,.

Major-General, Commanding Division..

HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,.

Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 15, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:.

This afternoon the rebels have discharged no less than seventy or eighty guns at a solitary steamer passing down the river without effect. The batteries used were those in the immediate vicinity of Evansport. It cannot be possible that they will persevere much longer in their fruitless efforts to close the navigation of the river. The result of their labors to-day confirms me in the opinion I have entertained for ten days.

