
past that it is not their power to present any formidable barrier to the almost uninterrupted passage of vessels up and down the Potomac. I am aware that a different opinion prevails among those experience should entitle their opinion to more consideration than my own, and for that reason it is with some reluctance that I advance it; nevertheless it is my conviction. For instance, to-day the vessel descended the river soon after midday with a three or four knot breeze and was not struck. Of all the rebel firing since I have been on the river, and it has been immense, but two of their shot have taken effect, and that was the wood schooner anchored in the middle of the river. She was hit twice, once in her hull and once in her main-sail, if that may be called hit. With a light breeze or a favorable current, a seventy-four line-of-battle-ship can ascend or descend the river at night with impunity..

I desire that 500 blank morning reports may be forwarded to me..

Herewith I inclose the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, First Massachusetts Regiment, which was not received in season to send with the communication of the 14th instant.*

Very respectfully,.

JOSEPH HOOKER,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division..

HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,.

Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 16, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:.

For several days past my leisure hours have been passed in endeavoring to ascertain, with as much accuracy as circumstances will permit, the position and number of the rebel forces in my immediate vicinity. And of this it has been necessary of or my opinion almost wholly from their camp fires, for, strange to say, I have not, during my three weeks' sojourn, fallen in with any one able or willing to enlighten me on this subject. If the citizens of this district are not secessionists, they might as well be, so far as it regards their services to our cause. Nor have I been more fortunate in my endeavor to acquire reliable information through agents in my own employment. Perhaps I may, but I am wearied of the delay..

The main body of the enemy's forces visible are stationed in rear of the batteries between Quantico and Chapawamsic Creeks. Two regiments appear to be posted near each other on the bank of the Quantico, and one regiment about one-third of a mile to the south of them. In rear of the former, in the valley extending towards Dumfries, are a long line of encampments, and a valley making off form that at Quantico at nearly right angles in a southerly direction is also occupied with camps. To the observer on this side of the Potomac all hills covered with forests but conceal a line of smoke rising above teem. Farther to the south other camps can be seen at intervals of a mile or more. On the north of Quantico Creek, and behind an bold hill, is another camp of infantry, cavalry, and a field battery; all of these showed themselves the day we had the contest for the schooner..

This bold hill commands all the batteries in the vicinity of Evansport, and is the one I propose to occupy soon after reaching here. It is .

---------------

*See p. 422..

---------------

