
Tobacco River, and 10,000 or 20,000 at Fort Monroe. The times of starting could be arranged so that the times of arrival should be as desired..

Probably it would be better to have more than one point of debarkation. As soon as the first column was landed the transports could go immediately to Annapolis or Baltimore for more..

The arrangements give no indication of the intended point of attack. They threaten the Potomac, or Norfolk, or the Southern coast, as much as or more than the Rappahannock..

I presume there would be no difficulty in sending our steamers down to Port Tobacco; whether there would bee in towing the barges there, I do not know. This Potomac column does not satisfy me as well as the others, for the collection of troops at Port Tobacco, in connection with collecting at Fort Monroe and Annapolis, would rather indicate an operation in the Lower Chesapeake..

Distance of points mentioned: Urbana to Annapolis, 120 miles; Port Tobacco, 90 miles; Fort Monroe, 60 miles..

Respectfully submitted..

J. G. BARNARD,.

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac..

HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,.

Washington, D. C., December 2, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Service, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief desires you to order Lander's brigade, as soon as it receives arms, to re-enforce General Kelley at Romney, Va..

I am, sir, &c.,.

L. THOMAS,.

Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,.

Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, December 2, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:.

GENERAL: The rebels within the last day or two appear to be more active than they have been for some weeks past. New encampments and below me. I am informed that a regiment has within this time encamped opposite Indian Head, and that lines of new entrenchments are visible in that vicinity. Additional encampments have also been formed below, and about Cockpit Point they are also unusually active. We have not heard from the batteries to-day..

The New Jersey Regiments will be encamped in close proximity and along the ridge of high ground making up from the Chicamaxen..

Bunting's battery, ordered to my command by Special Orders, Numbers 154, dated Headquarters Army of the Potomac, November 23, 1861, and which I was informed by the chief of artillery would leave Washington on Thursday last, has not yet joined..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOSEPH HOOKER,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division..

43 R R-VOL V.

