
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,.

Wheeling, Va., December 3, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:.

At the instance of Governor Peirpoint I have drawn up the inclosed petition, and, concurring heartily in the measure, I submit the following in support of the same, outside of what the petition contains. It will, if granted, inspire the people with confidence, where all is now doubt and terror..

That a river, populous on either bank, is not a proper boundary of departments (military) when was exists. That concert of action in the conterminous counties of Kentucky and Virginia are absolutely necessary to a complete success in the prosecution of the war in that region. That no additional expense will be incurred, as the regiments are now in the service. That the commander of the departments from which the proposed one is to be made will have ample fields remaining in which to act, nor feel the excision of the new one. That the virginians will lose their sectional prejudices when mingling with their Kentucky neighbors, and carry home to them that they are fighting their friends and associates and those allied to them by similar habits and feelings. That we can erect the civil government of West Virginia, when it is impossible to do so under existing state of things..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

H. I. SAMUELS,.

Adjutant-General of Virginia..

[Inclosure.]

To His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,.

President of the United States:.

Please take the map of Virginia, Kentucky, and Ohio. You will find the most southern portion of Ohio near the junction of these three States, at which point the Big Sandy River, a river navigable for steamers at this season for 60 miles, almost due south, in the direction of the Great Southwestern Railroad and East Tennessee, enters the Ohio River, and which forms the common boundary of Virginia and Kentucky for a hundred miles..

Running parallel with the Big Sandy River is the Gayandotte on the east, and Little Sandy River and Tygart's Creek on the west, all emptying into the Ohio, and all traversing an exceedingly mountainous region of country..

That part of the territory of Virginia watered by the Guyandotte and the Sandy Rivers is in a state of perfect anarchy, no one claiming to hold a civil office, and a perfect terrorism paralyzes every effort to restore law and order in that region; and such will be the state of the country as long as the rebel chiefs (Jenkins and Clarkson) are permitted to remain in that region and make their periodic raids through the same at pleasure. The people are divided in sentiment, but would flock to that power that would inspire confidence that they would be protected..

The people of Kentucky, on the waters of the Sandy, Little Sandy, and Tygart's Creek are mostly loyal, and have raised two entire regiments of men, now ready for service; and the people, in their manners, customs, habits, feelings, and prejudices much like the people in the region of Virginia referred to, and the same similarity in the geographical features of the country exists..

This region of country has been neglected by the Federal generals,.

