
supplying them. I have a cavalry company also doing picket duty from Smith's Point to Port Tobacco. This makes a continuous line of pickets along the shores of the Potomac from Mattawoman Creek to Cape Lookout. They may not be able to cut off all intercourse across the Potomac; this I cannot expect; but they will arrest some, and defeat the plans of many..

I have nothing new to report of my command or of the enemy..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOSEPH HOOKER,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division..

WASHINGTON, December 6, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,.

Commanding Army of the Potomac, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: It appears probable that our available appropriations will not suffice to complete entirely the defensive works about Washington. Forty-eight different works, some of which, like Forts Ethan Allen, Runyon, and Lyon, are of very large size, extensive abatis, &c., have been constructed, and many of them, besides the usual magazines, are provided with extensive bomb-proofs for quarters. For these constructions the sum of $344,053.46 has been available. It is probable that this sum will not entirely suffice, and that it will be more than exhausted by the close of the present month. I therefore request that an application be made to Congress for the immediate appropriation of the sum of $150, 000 for completing the defenses of Washington..

You are aware that while hired labor has been extensively employed south of the Potomac, the works north of the river have been almost exclusively constructed by it..

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. G. BARNARD,.

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer, Army of Potomac..

HEADQUARTERS, DIVISION AT FREDERICK,.

December 7, 1861.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:.

DEAR SIR: The division is well camped in the vicinity of Frederick, in good position, and with plenty supplies of all kinds. We are on the different lines of railway and turnpike, and can move in any direction in full force at a moment's notice..

I returned last evening from a visit to Sandy Hook and Harper's Ferry. The town is a picture of desolation. In the interior the rebels are active and their scouts on the move constantly. They are now endeavoring to put the railway from Winchester to Harper's Ferry in working condition if possible..

General Jackson is fortifying Winchester as far as he is able and calling in the militia to strengthen his forces, which do not now exceed 5,000 or 6,000. General Carson is said to be at or near Berkeley Springs, with about 1,500 men. They are sensitive to the chances of an attack by our forces, and I do not think that they are likely to disturb General Kelley at present. Colonel Leonard is in connection with General Kelley before this, but we have not heard from him yet. Reports in.

