
ing the waters of the Guyandotte River and all that part of Kentucky drained by the waters of the Big Sandy, or all of that part of Kentucky drained by the waters of the Big Sandy should be added to the Western Virginia Department-perhaps the latter would be the best-and assign a brigadier to that section, which has suffered somewhat for the want of a brigadier in the valley of the Sandy and Guyandotte, who would enforce better the administrative discipline of the army..

For the efficiency of the army I think thee ought to be two, if not three more brigadiers in Western Virginia, and there should be a major-general in command of the division..

Upon the subject of brigades, if it is the policy to appoint merely politicians, without reference to their military experience, I desire to claim the rights of Virginia in the appointments. If, however, the administration should decide to appoint from the Regular Army men of military education fit for the position, without reference to locality, I shall be satisfied, and would decidedly recommend that course. It is military knowledge and discipline that are going to make the army effective..

With this view I would call your attention to Major Crawford and Captain Hartsuff, of the Regular Army. From a personal acquaintance with these men I am favorably impressed with them as men of large views and worthy of the consideration of the country. They have been in Western Virginia from the commencement of the war and are identified with us. They understand the wants and the necessities of the division. .

I have tried to inform myself of General Rosecrans' operations in Western Virginia, and I think the people are well satisfied with his management of the campaign. I have been unable to see where it could have been bettered, and would respectfully ask that he be appointed major-general of this division, and the whole western part of the State, with that part of Kentucky drained by the waters of the Big Sandy, by put in his division..

Excuse me, sir, for making these suggestions. It is only my deep interest in the cause that urges me to this liberty..

I am, yours, &amp;c.,.

F. H. PEIRPOINT..

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 26, 1861.

Brigadier-General MARCY, Chief of Staff:.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report upon the facilities for passing troops cross the Potomac at Harper's Ferry and Williamsport..

I proceed to Baltimore, had an interview with the president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, who says the employes and such lumber as they have suitable for bridge buildings is at the service of the Government. The company has all the lumber necessary, and of suitable size for building..

From Baltimore I proceeded to Sandy Hook, via Frederick City. I found the water low, now fordable, and upon careful inquiry find the river is not usually subject to rise at this season. It is my opinion that a serviceable flying bridge cannot be put in at this point, nor can sufficiently extensive ferries be established upon notice. I would respectfully recommend a bridge supported upon canal-boats. Such a.

