
at liberty to re-enforce the column directed against the last-named place. They can be landed at Fouke's, it being nearer than at Aquia Creek. I shall require fourteen landing planks, 4 feet wide and 16 feet long, with strong ropes 15 feet long fastened at each of the four corners. If practicable, I should like two more scows, similar to those now in use, as lighters. These should not be brought here, but left with the flotilla until called for.

Please advise me what post Heintzelman will take. If the plan should embrace Fredericksburg, I should have a regiment of cavalry, in order by a night movement to destroy some of the bridges on the rebels' chief line of communication. Will endeavor to cross over one or two light batteries for the same object.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, February 23, 1862-5 p. m.

Colonel LEONARD,.

Commanding at Williamsport:

SIR: Since you left information has been received that the enemy may attack Bath. If so, General Lander will give him battle and General Williams will co-operate with him. You will therefore make preparations to cross with Colonel Link and the Twelfth Indiana at Williamsport to-morrow (Monday) night. You will received instructions to-morrow as to time. All the rest will proceed as agreed upon to-day. Please report progress to these headquarters and any information you have of enemy's movements.

Very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SANDY HOOK, February 26-10.20 p .m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The bridge was splendidly thrown by Captain Duane, assisted by Lieutenants Babcock, Reese, and Cross. It was one of the most difficult operations of the kind ever performed. I recommend Captain Duane to be made a major by brevet for his energy and skill in this matter; also Lieutenants Babcock, Reese, and Cross, all of the Corps of Engineers, to be captains by brevet. We have 8,500 infantry, 18 guns, and two squadrons of cavalry on the Virginia side. I have examined the ground and seen that the troops are in proper positions and are ready to resist any attack. Loundoun and Bolivar Heights, as well as the Maryland Heights, are occupied by us. Burn's brigade will be here in a couple of hours, and will cross at daybreak. Four more squadrons of cavalry and several more guns pass here. Reports that G. W. Smith with 1,500 men is expected at Winchester.

Colonel Geary deserves praise for the manner in which he occupied Virginia and crossed after the construction of the bridge. We will attempt the canal-boat bridge to-morrow. The spirit of the troops is most excellent. They are in the mood to fight anything. It is raining hard, but most of the troops are in houses.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

