
us secure. You will; be satisfied when I see you that I have acted wisely and have everything in hand.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, February 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have the pleasure of informating you that the reconstruction of the bridge over Patterson's Creek was completed at 1 this a. m., and the road is again in order to Hancock.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CHARLESTOWN, VA., February 28, 1862-2 p. m.

General F. W. LANDER:

Move with least possible delay on Martinsburg, whither Williams is also ordered at once. When you hold command in hand occupy Bunker Hill, and open your communication with this place. Cause repaired of railroad to be pushed as rapidly as possible, so as to draw your supplies from the West.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION, Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, February 28, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I received last evening the instructions of the Major-General Commanding to suspend my movement across the river until further orders. Of course it is not for me to know or inquire for influences at work to bring about this suspension.

I am permitted to state that almost every officer returning from Washington during the past week has communicated to me the fact that my command was to cross and attack the batteries, and it was even announced several days since in the Baltimore Clipper. Colonel Dwight returned last evening,and assured me that he was informed of it by Mr. Garett, I think of the Judge-Advocate's Office, at the breakfast table some days previous. For these reasons it ought no longer to be considered as an adventure of strictly a private character.

I have found but one opportunity to experiment with the Whitworth guns. From that I am satisfied that they are unrivaled pieces for accuracy of shooting and length of range. Should have gone out with them again to-day but for the high wind; it blows a gale.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

