
of the printed slips* which I have the honor to inclose would, I think, prove effectual.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PA. VOLS., Lovettsville, Va., March 5, 1862.

Major R. MORIS COPELAND,.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Our scouts report this morning that 1,000 of the enemy,with artillery and 200 or 300 cavalry, have stationed themselves at Waterford, within 6 miles of us.

General Smith's brigade,about 3,000 strong, is at Gum Spring.

Union feeling is developing itself in great magnitude in this county and masses of people come to us daily, placing themselves under our protection. The cause of the rebels is openly reviled by them, and our location here is hailed by the people as the dawning of a new era.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eight Regiment, Pa. Vols., Commanding

MARCH 5, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

Have received General Marcy's telegram.* Will make every possible effort to accomplish his wishes. I can find persons to attempt it, but have many doubts as to their being able to get on shore. The enemy's pickets are extremely vigilant. Sickles sends me word that the rebels have been re-enforced by four regiments to-day. Do not know whether it is so or not. will ascertain early in the morning from the balloon and let you know, if the weather is propitious.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. GENERAL BANKS' DIVISION,Numbers 52. NEAR CHARLESTOWN, VA., March 5, 1862.

* * * *

6. Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton will put his brigade in readiness and march towards Smithfield, with one battery of artillery and a squadron of cavalry, to-morrow morning, March 6, 1862, as early as practicable. General Hamilton will take position in the vicinity of Smithfield wherever in his judgment he will in supporting distance of Brigadier General A. S. Williams, now at Bunker Hill. As soon as he shall have started he will send forward messengers to General Williams announcing his approach and his orders. Should circumstances compel him to advance to the support of General Williams, he will, as senior brigadier, assume command of the brigades.

* * * *

By command of Major General N. P. Banks:

R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

