
to embark to-morrow morning at Alexandria. General Hamilton has been ordered to report to you with as little delay as possible.

A. VA. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 13, 1862. (Received 3.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have sent out a strong cavalry force under General Stoneman, to go as far as the Rappahannock. I have moved a regiment of infantry out to guard the forage train of the cavalry to-night, holding a brigade also at Manassas Station. I have ordered one of Banks' divisions to move down here at once. Your dispatch received, and measures will be taken accordingly.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 13, 1862-3.05 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In reply to Major-General McClellan's desire to know what I wanted for defense of my position. I replied, for immediate defense, as follows, viz: Two thousand regular infantry and 8,000 volunteer infantry; five batteries of light artillery (regulars, if possible); 1,100 horses for the five batteries, to complete the batteries I have here and to mount Dodge's cavalry. I have received only three regiments: First Michigan, Fifth Maryland, and Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania. I require several companies of regular artillery in Fort Monroe. I have only about 110 regulars for Fort Monroe and Newport News. Fort Monroe is too important a position to be neglected. I have never failed to so represent, and ask for troops and other means of defense.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 13, 1862-3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I beg leave to report that I was able to bring 7,000 men here yesterday day, and have upwards of 4,000 more en route for this point. The command is an efficient one, and able to do efficient service. I stand much in need of an able assistant quartermaster for the division. If there be any efficient man off duty, I hope he may be assigned to me. If not efficient and a man of experience, I don't want him. I reported as ordered to Major-General Banks. Rumors among citizens have it that the rebels mean to concentrate all their disposable strength and give us one grand battle between here and Richmond.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Brigadier-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 13, 1862-4.30 p. m.

General MARCY:

Organize General Caswy's division for the field at once.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

