
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

March 13, 1862, 10.50 p. m. (Received 11.15 p. m.)

JOHN TUCKER, Esq., Assistant Secretary of War:

Has the additional rolling stock for the Orange and Alexandria Railroad and the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad arrived? If so, how much of it? What transports are certainly on hand at Alexandria and Washington for troops, horses, and guns, and for how many of each kind? I cannot make my arrangements for details of movements until I know exactly what is on hand. It is absolutely necessary that I should be kept constantly informed. I wish to move, so that the men, &amp; c., can be moved direct on board ship.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 13, 1862 - 11 p. m..

Honorable JOHN TUCKER, Assistant Secretary of War:

I have made it Colonel Astor's duty to remain and keep recorded all information in regard to transports, so that I may always know the exact condition of the transports and their locality. Will you please send him by express as early to-morrow as practicable a complete list of the transports hired, the capacity of each for the particular purpose for which hired; name of captain; amount of stores on board, including water; whether it has cooking arrangements, & c.; in short, all the information you possess in regard to them, including draught of water? In addition, please keep him constantly informed by telegraph of arrival of vessels.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, March 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to suggest that this Department can easily obstruct the channel to Norfolk so as to prevent the exit of the Merrimac, provided the Army will carry the Sewell's Point batteries, in which duty the Navy will give great assistance.

Very respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 13, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN:

General Patrick was nominated upon your request several days ago. I took the nomination myself to the President, and saw it signed by him, and will go to the Senate to-morrow to urge the confirmation. Any others you may designate will receive the like attention. Nothing you can ask of me or this Department will be spared to aid you in every particular.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

