
POTOMAC FLOTILLA, March 17, 1862 - 4 p. m..

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just obtained the following information, and forward it immediately to you:

The St. Nicholas and Virginia are not armed. They are running from Fredericksburg to Lowry Point, about 45 miles from Fredericksburg, and a short distance from Tappahannock. Edward Taylor and all the neighbors are hauling timber from Lamb's Creek roads to Arnold's Wharf and Farleyville. There is nothing done yet about the gunboats except getting the timber, but they are working hard. A few hundred troops might land at Taylor's, opposite Maryland Point, and march over to a place called Hop Yard Wharf (a distance of 7 miles), where the steamer Neales stops to land passengers, and surprise her, taking her past the batteries under her own colors. So says my spy, but I am somewhat doubtful of the result of such an expedition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. R. SPENCER,

Commanding Potomac Flotilla.
HEADQUARTERS, Wheeling, Va., March 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General McClellan promised me to send 3,000 or 4,000 rifled arms, to use in making changes, getting regiments ready for service. They have not yet arrived. Every day is precious. Please order them by installments.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WHEELING, March 17, 1862 - 11 p. m..

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

If you approve my plans for the movement up the valley of South Branch over Cheat, &amp; c., please telegraph me, and order the forces without delay.* The iron is getting hot.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS BALTIMORE, March 17, 1862.

To the Police Commissioners City of Baltimore:

GENTLEMEN: In behalf of the Government of the United States I give notice that the police force established under its authority will be placed under your control on the 20th instant.

In making this communication to you, I respectfully request the retention of Mr. McPhail, whose great executive ability has been of incalculable service to the Government. There is still, as you are well aware, a suppressed feeling of disloyalty in a portion of the population of this city, and I deem it of the utmost importance to the Government that Mr. McPhail should be retained, on account of his familiar acquaintance with the transactions of the last eight months and the public necessi-

---------------

* See Rosecrans to Thomas, March 12, p. 744.

---------------

