
ties which have grown out of those transactions, and which still continue to exist.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC..

CAMP BEE, ALLEGHANY COUNTY, August 1, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

DEAR SIR: I arrived here to-day, and determined to send Colonel Heth at once to Richmond, for the purpose of giving you full information about the condition of this country, and get your orders as to the line of action to be pursued.

General Wise has retreated and burned the bridge over Gauley, leaving the enemy in undisturbed possession of Kanawha Valley up to the Great Falls. His retreat lays open completely the southwestern part of this State. The road by which I intended to reach Kanawha, through Mercer, Raleigh, and Fayette, is now entirely at the command of the enemy. This is a state of things well understood by the whole country, and produces a great alarm. It emboldens the tories and dispirits our people. If you think these forces now in Kanawha should be driven out at once without reference to the operations about Monterey, I think with a union of my people and General Wise's force it might be speedily done. If this force should prove insufficient, I am sure 10,000 men could be quickly raised for the campaign at no more cost to the Government than their food and transportation. In such an event the Yankees could be immediately driven out, and a foray of 80 or 100 miles into Ohio could be successfully made.

I advance these views with hesitation, but the facts upon which they rest you may not possibly be in possession of, and I venture them for what they are worth. I am just from Wythe, through the country where the men would in part be raised, and I never witnessed a better spirit than seems to be almost universal. Whilst for any long service there is a little hesitation, there is none whatever for a campaign. If a force strong enough to drive out the Yankees was sent promptly to effect it, their march could be then directed towards the rear of the enemy at Beverly, which I think would be better than to concentrate all forces in his front, leaving our rear to be threatened from Gauley or the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, to be exposed to the damage of an attack.

Colonel Heth will get the arms you were kind and thoughtful enough to order me from Manassas, and for which I most cordially thank you. We will have stirring work in the west before a great while, I think.

With the highest regard and esteem, I am, very truly, your friend,.

JOHN B. FLOYD.

RICHMOND, VA., August 1, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a letter* which will, I suppose, only assure you of that which was anticipated, as, except among sharpshooters, it is the rule. The troops generally need more of instruc-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

