HEADQUARTERS, VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VA.,August 8, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Wise's Legion, White Sulphur Springs, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letters of the 6th and 7th instant, and am glad to learn that General Floyd is moving on to Lewisburg. In regard to the request to separate the commands of General Floyd and yourself, and to assign to each respective fields of action, it would, in my opinion, be contrary to the purpose of the President, and destroy the prospect of the success of the campaign in Kanawha District. Our enemy is so strong at all points that we can only hope to give him an effective blow by a concentration of our forces, and, that this may be done surely and rapidly, their movements and actions must be controlled by one head. I hope, therefore, that, as soon as your command can move forward, in the preparation for which I feel assured no time will be lost, you will join General Floyd, and take that part in the campaign which may be assigned your brigade.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 2.*] HEADQUARTERS CAMP ARBUCKLE,

Near Lewisburg, Va., August 8, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I desire to make a movement towards the valley of the Kanawha as speedily as practicable. To this end I desire to know as soon as possible the exact force upon which to rely. Will you have the goodness to inform me the number of men you can furnish, the different arms and ammunition fit for use, the amount of transportation you can rely upon for the movement, and the supplies you will be able to furnish? An answer in detail to these inquiries will much oblige, yours, very respectfully,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA.,

August 8, 1861 - 6 p. m..

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD:

SIR: I reply immediately to yours of to-day, by saying that I am now endeavoring to complete the returns of the exact force of my command. These returns have been hindered and delayed by various causes, then beyond control. My command has, from the first, been composed of mixed troops - State troops and those of the Provisional Confederate Army. Neither have been organized, and both have been without commissioned officers; they have been necessarily intermingled in active service; have been necessarily distributed at four different posts, in parts far distant from each other, and have been doing hard marching service, keeping guard, scouting, and fighting the enemy, and lately falling.

---------------

* The numbering of this and following dispatches between Floyd and Wise is taken from General Wise's letter-book.

---------------

