
to Centreville; Ewell, to Sangster's Cross-Roads; Early and Hampton, to intersection of Occoquan road with Wolf Run Shoals road; Evans has gone to Leesburg. The Louisiana Brigade remains for the present at or about Mitchell's Ford.

Will you permit me to suggest that Elzey should concentrate his brigade at or about Fairfax Station, and Jackson at or about the cross of (Stuart to remain where he is) Braddock's road with the Fairfax Court-House and Station road.

From those advanced positions we could at any time concentrate our forces for offensive or defensive purposes. I think by a bold move we could capture the enemy's advance forces at Annandale, and, should he come out to their support, give him battle, with all the chances in our favor; but for that object we must have all our artillery ready in every respect.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 11, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp; c.:

SIR: Colonel Davis, from Meadow Bluff, informs me by last night's dispatch that he is confident Tyler has joined Cox, near Gauley, and that the enemy is now 7,000 strong. Their scouts are within about 20 miles of Colonel Davis. General Floyd is at Camp Arbuckle, 4 miles beyond Lewisburg. I have sent him a detachment of artillery (two pieces, 6-pounders), and will send on every corps I can get ready in the next three to five days. General Chapman has recalled his militia, and General Beckley can raise no force of any efficiency at all. I have ordered both to call out select men, but do not rely upon them. The cavalry are actively vedetting, and report the enemy as having 250 to 300 cavalry at Summersville, threatening Davis' rear by the Wilderness road. Colonel Croghan is upon the Cherry Tree Bottom road, but returns to-day to Colonel Davis. With General Floyd's force and my cavalry, the enemy cannot advance before I am ready to make our joint forces some 5,500 men.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 11, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, & c.:

SIR: Your dispatch [8th instant], by special messenger, came to hand within the last fifteen minutes. I answer immediately, at 8 p. m., that I will cheerfully and earnestly obey your orders to unite with General Floyd's command. The most intimate co-operation, in separate command, was all I sought. I seek no further now than to obey your orders. I am inspecting and organizing still, making good progress, and am in strength and condition of force daily improving. All we want now are tents, good small-arms, and some clothing. I will move before all are had, and as early as possible, to do justice to my men. The enemy are reported at junction at Gauley and at Summersville and a part occupying Fayette (Cox and Tyler); in all, 7,000 strong. I have.

