
order, a copy of which I send herewith. One line of policy only should be pursued, and this is the only means by which it can be secured.

There is great disorganization amongst the men under General Wise's command, as he told me himself, and the course I propose will help to remedy the evil. I hope to be speedily able now to make a movement towards the enemy, and I trust the course I have taken will meet your approbation. I think the inspection I have ordered will result in showing a force sufficiently large, with the volunteer militia who will join us for the campaign, to enable them to move against them.

When we do move it will require great circumspection, attention, and tact to mollify the temper and feelings of the people west of here, if half be true of what has reached me relative to their present exasperated and excited state of feeling.

If the enemy were attacked and driven from Summersville, Cox, at Gauley Bridge, would be helpless and at our mercy, and the junction between these forces I think can be prevented by a prompt but quiet movement. Two well appointed batteries would be of inestimable value to us now. Can't you send them? The service we will render if we can get into the field will amply repay everything, I think. If we can dislodge these people from Kanawha Valley the whole force could be turned against the rear - Rosecrans. But of course you understand all these views perfectly well, and can order what is best to be done.

With the highest regard, I am, truly, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA,
 Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 11, 1861.

Numbers 12.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes the command of the forces intended to operate against the enemy now occupying the Kanawha Valley and the country adjacent thereto.

* * * * * * *

JOHN B. FLOYD.
HEADQUARTERS, VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VA., August 12, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE,Wise's Legion, White Sulphur Springs, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 10th and 11th instant, and I am glad that you are enabled to re-enforce General Floyd so promptly. Your reasons for our troops not advancing to Gauley at present are conclusive, and your plan of stopping the advance of the enemy on the eastern verge of the Wilderness you describe is concurred in until ready to open and penetrate the Kanawha Valley, whence you may draw your supplies. The line of defense you propose, embracing points of strength, is the best.

I have written to General Cooper in reference to arms and forges for your command and forges for General Floyd. I recommend that you forward to Colonel Deas, assistant adjutant-general, headquarters Richmond, a State requisition for such supplies as you may be deficient in. I will direct him to see what can be furnished. As already advised, there are no arms at my disposal, except the State flint-lock muskets; of these you have probably sufficient. I recommend that you also make requisition for ammunition for your howitzer upon Major Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army. There being no 10-pounders in the service, he.

