
the artillery have no shoes fit to march with, and it is impossible to find smiths, shoes, or nails. I have sent for iron, and am just setting up a shop. This causes, in part, my delay here. In a short time I will be ready to move some 1,500 men.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 6.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,

Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, Va., August 13, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: You will please send the regiment of volunteers from beyond New River, recently commanded by Colonel McCausland, to join me at Meadow Bluff immediately upon receipt of this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 13, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &amp; c.:

SIR: Your order to "send the regiment of volunteers, from beyond New River, recently commanded by Colonel McCausland, to join you at Meadow Bluff immediately upon the receipt of this order," I respectfully represent cannot possibly be complied with.

The regiment of State volunteers, which you describe, as lately commanded by Colonel McCausland, is in a state of great dilapidation and destitution, from the many resignations of its officers and desertions of its men. It is now being reorganized, under the orders of Colonel Tompkins, who has not yet completed his report, and the men who are left to it are without clothing or equipments fit for a march or any efficient service whatever. Many of them are barefooted, and we have received the first supply of shoes for them this evening, and they are unopened. They are bare of clothing, have not a single tent, and number less than 550 men, many of whom have the measles. Colonel Heth has not inspected them, or his report would show you, sir, how utterly unfit in all respects these men are for any movement against an enemy or to march at all from a place where they are sheltered, and where they are just beginning to receive their supplies and outfits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 7.] MEADOW BLUFF, VA., August 13, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

DEAR SIR: Upon arriving here I found much to confirm the reports concerning the approach of the enemy. Colonel Davis' pickets were driven in this evening by the enemy. We are separated to-night only by the distance of 18 miles, which will be much reduced by morning, as the enemy march at night. I hope you will, with all speed, bring up all your force, and furnish one of my companies with arms. It is a fine.

