
one, but unarmed, as their guns are behind, with Colonel Wharton. The enemy are very numerous and strong. No artillery. I hope to see you early.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

Received by General Wise's messenger at 3.30 a. m., August 14, 1861.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 13, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, General, Commanding, &amp; c.:

SIR: General Floyd yesterday assumed command of the forces for the defense of the Kanawha Valley, announced an adjutant and inspector general for his entire command, and ordered my Legion to be first inspected. That Legion is now ready for inspection, and will soon be ready for active service, as soon as the horses can be shod, and the men can be got some clothes, shoes, and blankets, which are daily expected. I now ask for two general orders from you, being desirous to promptly obey General Floyd and to preserve the harmony of our respective brigades: First, that no order be passed from him to my brigade except through me. Second, that the separate organization and command of my brigade, subject of course to his priority of rank and orders for service, be not interfered with. I beg leave to inquire, also, whether I am to consider the State volunteers, under Colonel Tompkins, and the militia, under General Beckley, as still attached to my brigade and command, subject to General Floyd's general orders of course, or as immediately subject to his orders alone? The enemy have nine regiments in the Kanawha Valley, about 7,200 men. Colonel Croghan reports about 1,500 at Summersville. I hear about 500 are at Fayeetteville, 1,000 at Charleston, and about 4,200 at Gauley.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 13, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have stated to Major Gorgas your wish for a larger proportion of 12-pounder howitzers, and he says he can make, say, six per week, and mount them as made, but there is great difficulty in supplying harness. Please send me a statement of the number and caliber of your guns, distinguishing between smooth-bored and rifled; also the number of howitzers. This information has been needed in the preparation of ammunition. It is well to avoid mixing the ammunition further than necessary; say smooth-bore or rifle to be with howitzers, but not both kinds and howitzers in one battery.

I have ordered cavalry to join you, and hope you will soon have a regiment and one or more separate companies.

Your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

