
RICHMOND, August 13, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &amp; c., Manassas:

GENERAL: I have your letter of the 10th instant, and will forward to your command a portion of the shoes here. We have sent to Europe for shoes, and I have officers traveling over all the Confederate States purchasing shoes, making contracts with tanners for leather, and with manufacturers for making leather into shoes. Still, if our force is increased to half a million of men, there must be deficiency. The resources of our country are far too limited for the great demand an immense army creates for supplies of every kind. The demand is double what it would be from the same population in times of peace.

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS, VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VIRGINIA,August 14, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE,

Wise's Legion, White Sulphur Springs, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive this morning your letters of the 11th and 13th instant, and am highly gratified at the rapid progress you are making in organizing your forces, and that their strength and condition are daily improving. I hope you will receive your supply of tents, clothing, & c. As to small-arms, I do not know when they will be obtained. There were none in Richmond when I left. I hope I need not assure you that I never entertained the least doubt as to your zealous and cordial co-operation in every effort against the common enemy. Your whole life guarantees the belief that your every thought and act will be devoted to the sacred cause, dearer than life itself, of defending the honor and integrity of the State.

As regards the command of your brigade, the military propriety of communicating through you all orders of its movement is so apparent, that I think no orders on the subject necessary. I have always supposed that it was the intention of the President to give a distinct organization to your Legion, and for it to be under your command, subject of course to do service under the orders of a senior officer. General Floyd, I think, understands this, and I apprehend no embarrassment on the subject. As regards the troops hitherto serving with your Legion, it is within the province of the commanding general to continue them, as hitherto, under your command, to brigade them separately, or detach them, as the good of the service may demand. The incessant rains and constant travel have rendered the roads impassable, and so prevented the transportation of supplies as to paralyze, for the present, operations in this quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 8.] HEADQUARTERS, NEAR MEADOW BLUFF, VA.,

August 14, 1861 - 5 a. m..

General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: You are peremptorily ordered to march at once, upon the receipt.

50 R R - VOL V.

