
time, and in the face of the enemy, I trust we may rationally adjust our relative commands, and harmoniously co-operate, by your detaching from my command all the forces except my Legion and leaving that in the category described by General Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP WISE, VA., August 19, 1861.

Numbers --.

Brigadier General Henry A. Wise will take up the line of march to-morrow at 7.30 a. m., and proceed with all the forces under his command in the direction of the Kanawha Valley, by way of the James River and Kanawha turnpike. He will place, for the march, his artillery next to his advanced guard of cavalry, and his horse in the rear of his column.

By order od Brigadier General John B. Floyd, commanding, &amp; c.:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS WISE'S DIVISION,

Camp Arbuckle, Va., August 19, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding Forces, & c.:

SIR: I have received your note of orders for 7.30 o'clock to-morrow morning. The part relating to the cavalry will require Colonel Davis to be notified to fall back with his command in your advance, in order to comply with your order to proceed with my whole command and to place a portion of my cavalry in front and rear. Colonel Davis and Lieutenant-Colonel Croghan have been stationed, under your orders, where, exactly, I do not know. Will you please have a messenger dispatched to Colonel Davis to fall back and meet me on the march, to form the order of march under your command? A portion of the cavalry of my command are at Meadow Bluff, and I will order them up immediately. Am I to consider the detachment of artillery which you borrowed as included in your order in respect to my whole command? They have not yet been detached from my command, and were to be returned to me in a week. We are deficient in wagons. It will be difficult to take our ammunition or to move with all our baggage and tents. Can you assist us with wagons?

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 16.] CAMP WISE, VA., August 19, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: General Floyd's order of this date is hereby countermanded in so far as you will take up the line of march to-morrow at 9.30 a. m., instead of at 7.30 a. m., as specified in said order. Colonel Davis had orders from General Floyd yesterday to report to him at these headquarters, for the purpose of taking command of the cavalry here, with a view to its better organization. A copy of said order is herewith sent you. General Floyd was not aware until the receipt of your letter of.

