
us. They are now in Lexington, Ky. I venture to recommend, too, from the importance of his position, that our chief quartermaster have the provisional rank of colonel.

Most respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, VA., August 20, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: Frequent complaints have been made to me of improper food for the well and a want of care for the sick. I most respectfully invite your attention to both these subjects, and hope that abuses may be promptly corrected. Is it not practicable to construct bake-ovens at or near Manassas, that good bread may be supplied to the troops? The main complaint is of bad bread and of inattention to the sick. I have repelled grumblers, but the clamor has increased in specifications until I have deemed it proper to obtain the facts from you. Captains and colonels, instead of correcting evils by personal attention, seem to have been the sources of no small part of the impressions received and circulated. I have for some time designed to organize a medical board to examine the appointees, and hope soon to do so.

Your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

BIG SEWELL, VA., August 20, 1861 - 8.15 a. m..

Captain WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp; c., Floyd's Brigade:

SIR: Please inform General Floyd that, owing to one of my infantry ammunition wagons breaking down, I fear delay in advancing at the hour ordered, but every means of transportation shall be exerted.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP WISE, VA., August 20, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I am instructed by General Floyd to say to you that he cannot spare you any wagons. He finds that he has not enough, by a good many, for the transportation of the equipments of his own people and their provisions.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETTERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

Numbers 17.] DEET'S, AT FOOT OF SUNDAY ROAD, VA.,

August 20, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, & c.:

I hastened on in person to the front this morning. Found Lieutenant-Colonel Croghan reported in danger of being cut off by the advance on the Sunday and Hopping roads, and sent two companies of cavalry to re-enforce him and cover his retreat. The scouts came in immediately.

