
his advance, you will retain under your command the regiment commanded by Colonel Tompkins, and order the regiment of Colonel McCausland to join me as soon as practicable. I do not think that any serious apprehension need be entertained of the advance of the enemy from Gaulkey Bridge. Should you be likewise thus persuaded, you will please send me the regiments of both Colonels McCausland and Tompkins. At all events you will keep a vigilant eye upon the movements of the enemy and keep me informed of the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Since the above was written I have had a conversation with Colonel Heth, which induces me to recall my request for one of your regiments. I will try and make good my position with my own force and your guns. In lieu of the regiment I must beg of you to send me early to-morrow 100 horse.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, August 22, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of Potomac, Manassas, Va.:

GENERAL: In transmitting the inclosed copy of a letter this day sent to General Holmes on the subject of a battery at Evansport, I am instructed by the Secretary of War to state that it is of the first importance that a competent engineer officer should be sent to locate the work and superintend its construction. He therefore desires that you will furnish such officer from your command, and, if practicable, detail Captain Stevens, of the Corps of Engineers, for the duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, August 22, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: In answer to your several communications on the subject of the establishment of a battery at Evansport, I am instructed to inform you that it was intended when you were last here that the erection of a battery at Gray's Point, on the Rappahannock, should be suspended, with the understanding that you would direct your attention to batteries on the Potomac, the point above your position being preferred to that of Mathias Point, if equally effective, because of the advantage it possesses of being in the direction of our forces at Manassas. You will now, therefore, cause to be erected, with as little delay as practicable, the battery at Evansport, as suggested by you. General Johnston, to whom a copy of this communication will be sent, will be instructed to furnish a competent engineer officer from his command for the purpose of locating the work and superintending its construction. General Johnston reports that you had arranged with him when at Manassas to have the work constructed at Evansport immediately on your return,

51 R R-VOL V

