
Kanawha immediately upon ascertaining certainly the action of the enemy in this direction, I will give orders in conformity to the foregoing views. I am without a field officer for cavalry. Will you oblige me by detailing Colonel Croghan for special service with me for a short time, until I can be supplied? He can of service to me if you can spare him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

Numbers 23.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,

August 25, 1861-3 p. m.

General HENTY A. WISE:

SIR: The enemy are very near us; their advance guard within 3 miles. You will dispatch your strongest regiment to my support and hold your entire command, if you can do this, within supporting distance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Forces, &amp;c.

In the absence of General Floyd I have signed the above order.

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

3.30 p. m.-Enemy advancing in battle array.

W. E. P.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VIRGINIA,Numbers --. August 25, 1861.

I. Brigadier General T. T. Fauntleroy, Provisional Army of Virginia, at his own request, is relieved from the command of the troops in and about Richmond.

* * * * *

III. Name the officer to relieve General Fauntleroy or to command the different camps, &c.

By order of General Lee:

--------

.
HEADQUARTERS, VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VIRGINIA.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Above you have an order relieving General Fauntleroy from duty, in accordance with is request. Before issuing it, please see as to his successor, and append another paragraph, appointing him to the command. If Colonel Dimmock can attend to the duty, appoint him, and, if necessary, see General Cooper on the subject. I have no news. The constant rains and travel have made the roads almost impassable, and the effort is to supply the troops with provisions. Other movements are at a stand. I sent Mayo to Richmond to report to you, on account of his health, which was suffering from the exposure. Sign the above order when completed as usual.

Very truly,R. E. LEE.

