
P. S.-Since writing the foregoing I have issued the order from the Adjutant-General's Office, diverting the Fourteenth North Carolina Regiment from this column to General Floyd's. The second paragraph being unnecessary, I have consequently erased it. Re-enforcements are wanted on this line. Can any be had?

RICHMOND, August 26, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Staunton, Va.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you be informed that your requisitions for clothing are being filled and the articles forwarded. He also wishes you to be informed that Colonel McDonald had previously to your orders to him been directed to proceed with his regiment to Hampshire County, to carry out his original instructions in that quarter, which were highly important.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, August 26, 1861.

Adjutant-General COOPER, Confederate Army:

GENERAL: In answer to the petition* of the county court of Shenandoah to Governor Letcher, in relation to that portion of the militia from that county in my brigade now in service at Winchester and by you handed to me for the facts, I have to say:

1st. Governor Letcher and the county court are mistaken as to who ordered the brigade into service. General Johnston made the order, dated June 21, for two regiments, through me, which has been shown to both the Secretary of War and yourself. Under proclamation of the governor of July 19, calling out the militia, the balance of my brigade was condensed into two regiments, making four in my command, and numbering over 3,000 men.

2nd. In carrying into effect the several proclamations of the governor every opportunity was given the men to volunteer, and recruiting officers from all sections were permitted to mingle with the men for that purpose. Nearly all the recruits obtained were from the tow regiments ordered out by General Johnston. In these two points the county court is mistaken.

3rd. That I have never conceived the two regiments ordered into service by General Johnston under the control of Governor Letcher, but the Confederate authorities, and that the two regiments ordered out by his proclamation of July 19, as soon as organized, were under the same control.

It is proper for me to state that four-fifths of the militia now serving at Winchester belong to my brigade, and have been actively engaged in drill, throwing up entrenchments, mounting guns, and for the defense of that place and the valley of Virginia, and that since the battle of Manassas I have received orders from General Johnston to have them drilled and prepared for service wherever needed.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILBERT S. MEEM,

Brigadier-General, Seventh Brigade Virginia Militia.

---------------

*See inclosure A to Walker to Johnston, August 29, p. 817.

---------------

