SPECIAL ORDERS,ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 134. Richmond, August 26, 1861.

I. Brigadier General W. H. T. Walker, Provisional Army, will proceed to Manassas, Va., and report for duty to General J. E. Johnston, commanding.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, August 27, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES,

Brooke's Station, via Fredericksburg:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 22nd instant has been received. The President conceives it important that measures should be taken to occupy with some military force a portion of the Northern Neck against marauding attempts of the enemy, and also for the same purpose a portion of the country south of the Rappahannock River, and it is therefore urged upon you to unite with the Lancaster troop of cavalry, now reported to be in the Northern Neck, Beale's company of horse, and also to send Richardson's regiment to the south side of the Rappahannock, where it is understood some of his companies are serving.

If this disposition can be made without weakening your command too much in other quarters, it is the President's wish it to be done.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, Nicholas County, August 27, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: The force under General Tyler which left this vicinity a few days ago to strengthen General Cox for the expected fight at the mouth of Gauley, upon learning that I had crossed the Gauley and taken position here, returned to this neighborhood night before last. They took up their position 2 miles from my camp, when I attacked them yesterday about sunrise, and defeated them completely after a sharp conflict. Between 45 and 50 of the enemy were killed and wounded, and we have taken over 100 prisoners and some stores. The force of the enemy was completely routed and dispersed in every direction. We are still picking up the stragglers. I hope the result of this fight will enable me to break up entirely all communication between the valley of Kanawha and the forces under General Rosecrans.

It is a matter of vital importance to the interests of Western Virginia that a strong and controlling force should be sent into this quarter of the country. The undecided and timid portions of the people would at once side against the invaders, and the Union men would diminish to an inconsiderable number. If such should be the policy of the Department, no time is to be lost.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of Kanawha.

