
the ferry and the destruction of the boats, besides leaving the main turnpike at the mercy of the enemy, enabling them to cut us off entirely from Lewisburg, and exposing to seizure the baggage and artillery in my rear. The sunken flat-boat having been discovered, General Floyd determined to recross the river.

Late in the afternoon he demanded of me two pieces of artillery and one regiment to accompany him. I prepared to comply with this demand, but determined to accompany the detachment in person (believing that General Floyd would thus expose himself to imminent danger of being cut off), and to send back Colonel Henningsen with the remainder of my command to occupy Dogwood Gap and cover the road to Lewisburg. A few hours afterwards General Floyd changed his mind, and required of me four pieces of artillery and 100 more than all my efficient cavalry. I sent the cavalry and three pieces of artillery, which I placed at his disposal. It was late in the afternoon before General Floyd announced to me his determination.

My troops were kept all day exposed to the rain and mud, their tents not arriving until nightfall. On Friday I marched my remaining force back to Dogwood Gap. On Saturday morning learned that General Floyd had succeeded in transporting his infantry to the other side of the river, but in doing so the flat-boat had been sunk, drowning 4 men, and leaving the cavalry, three pieces of artillery, and all the baggage and provisions on this side. His quartermaster, Captain Dunn, sent to me the same day for assistance to build another flat-boat. On the next day Colonel Tompkins arrived at Dogwood Gap, and at midday marched his two regiments to Carnifix Ferry, to re-enforce General Floyd. On Saturday night General Floyd, being apprehensive of an attack from the enemy, urged me to send another regiment to his relief. My cavalry was then at Piggot's Mill, observing the movements of the enemy and scouting. My infantry and artillery, under Colonel Henningsen's command, were occupying Dogwood Gap, reconnoitering and strengthening the same. Altogether, my whole command was barely sufficient to hold in security the turnpike road, and, in case I should even be driven back to another point on the same road, General Floyd's rear would be left exposed to the enemy. Nevertheless, I determined to march in person, with an infantry regiment and a 12-pounder howitzer, to General Floyd's relief. Shortly before the time fixed (on Sunday morning, the 25th instant) for the marching of the regiment a heavy firing was heard in the direction of Piggot's Mill, and shortly, to our surprise, some fugitives of General Floyd's cavalry rushed in, reporting the advance of the enemy. Within fifteen minutes's time we started eighteen companies of infantry and three pieces of artillery on a double-quick march towards Piggot's Mill, some 5 or 6 miles below. On reaching this point we found that some 150 or 180 of General Floyd's cavalry, under command of Colonel Jenkins and Major Reynolds, had, without any intimation to me, penetrated the defiles beyond Piggot's Mill, and had fallen into an ambuscade of the enemy.

I was exceedingly surprised that General Floyd, after alleging a deficiency of cavalry at Carnifix, and requiring a portion of mine, should without notice to me send his cavalry thus within the lines of my command.

Our scouts (detachments of Captain Brock's and Captain Phelps' companies) were thoroughly acquainted with the ground, and were at the time stationed as vedettes or occupied in scouting the adjacent hills.

They descended at once, and endeavored to warn General Floyd's cavalry. These, however, pushed rapidly on, till, finding a large force

