
of the first two regiments drafted to volunteer, and insist that they have been regularly mustered into the service of the Confederate States. They also insist that those men recently drafted have no right to volunteer, and thus continue them all in service. They likewise insist that they are not subject in anywise to the governor of Virginia. If this be so, they constitute more than our quat, and the whole of the last draft should be permitted to return home, unless there is some overruling necessity requiring their presence in the field. If it is not the fact, then these officers should be imperatively required to adopt some mode by which the quota of our county may be furnished and the residue released.

As you are advised, there are only 443 slaves in this county over twelve years of age of both sexes, and only about 150 working negro men. The labor is performed in a great measure by those who are in the militia, and if they be continued in service at this critical time, when they should be employed in preparing the land for a fall crop, this vast productive agricultural region, instead of being the Egyptian granary whence our armies may be fed in the coming year, will scarcely support our own population in the aggregate, while many must be plunged into the most abject want and thrown upon the hands of the overseer of the poor. This, with the increased taxes called for by the State and Confederate Governments, will render our condition, to say the least, very undesirable.

This matter requires prompt and immediate attention, and we earnestly hope will receive it at your hands if the relief can be afforded by your excellency, and if not, by those who can. In this latter event we desire that you will present this paper to the proper authority, with such suggestions as you may deem proper under the circumstances.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

JACOB LANTZ, P. J. P.

AUGUST 12, 1861.

At a court hell for the county of Shenandoah on Monday, the 12th day of August, 1861, a memorial to the President of the Southern Confederacy and to the government of Virginia respecting the volunteers and militia from this county was approved and ordered to be signed by the court, and copies to be transmitted to President Davis and Governor Letcher.

Test:

S. C. WILLIAMS, C. S. C.

The undersigned fully concur in the facts set forth in the foregoing memorial and approve its object, and most respectfully ask for it a favorable consideration.

S. C. WILLIAMS, Clerk.

JAS. G. TRAVIT,

Notary Public.

MOSES WALTON,

Attorney at Law.

MARK BIRD,

Attorney for Commonwealth.

WM. SMITH ARTHUR.

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, August 17, 1861.

The militia of this county were called into service by Brigadier-General Carson at the instance of General Johnston, and as they have been

