
that camp with 1,100 troops (800 infantry only and 300 cavalry, which will be useless in the assault across a rapid river without a bridge and without a ferry for us and without artillery, against double my numbers, entrenched in a stronghold), will be wholly impracticable and desperate in the very attempt.

I therefore submit to you the reconsideration of these orders. My forces are too weak already for the execution of them. I submit this with the less hesitation, as I am informed beyond doubt that another regiment of your own brigade is advancing now, and will join you to-morrow evening probably. I will dispatch a messenger to hurry them on to you, and beg to be allowed to advance upon the enemy with my whole force, throwing one of my regiments across New River, and attacking them from Cotton Hill with a part of my artillery. I venture, respectfully, to submit these suggestion of what I deem the best plan of strengthening your position, by drawing the enemy back from an advance upon it.

In reply to another note received from you this morning, ordering me to advance upon the enemy with my whole force, and asking who Colonel Henningsen is, I have the honor to inform you, sir, that he is a distinguished commander, who is not in his first command, and has accepted, at my request, the colonelcy of one of my regiments; is the Gap, superintending the works for its defense, and is awaiting the commission for the office to which he has been recently appointed an which he has accepted; a gentleman and officer, whose reports are implicitly relied upon by his commanding general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 27.] CAMP GAULEY, VA., August 31, 1861-12 noon.

General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I have received information, through scouts under command of Captain Corns, that the enemy in full force are advancing from Gauley Bridge in this direction. They are within 12 miles of this point. You will therefore send me without delay, upon receiving this, 1,000 of your infantry, your best battery, and one squadron of your horse.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

Received by Brigadier General H. A. Wise on September 1, 1861, at 4.40 a. m.

VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VA., August 31, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Wise's Legion, Dogwood Gap, West of Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received and read with much interest your report of the 28th instant. The troops under your command deserve great commendation for the alacrity and cheerfulness they exhibited in the trying march they underwent to Gauley river and the promptitude with which they performed their duty. I regret the loss sustained by

