
a competent officer of rank to have the direction there. This will be explained in a communication to General Johnston, lest he may be led into error in respect to the extent of your command. I inclose herewith a letter of General Johnston, and request that you will fill so far as it is possible the requisition contained therein, there being at Norfolk no guns, carriages, or projectiles to meet these wants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, Va., September 7, 1861.

General HUGER, C. S. A.:

GENERAL: I have just been informed by General Trimble that you have many spare heavy guns, for which there are barbette carriages. Such guns are required for works which have been commenced on the Potomac. I have therefore written to the Secretary of War, asking that you be authorized to send to Evansport, say, twelve 32-pounders (three or four rifled), two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, two portable furnaces for heating shot, to be sent in the manner suggested by General Trimble.

I have asked you be telegraph to send, if you can, the negroes mentioned in General Trimble's postscript.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RICHMOND, September 9, 1861 .

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &amp;c., Manassas, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to yours of 7th instant,* in relation to heavy guns for Evansport, upon inquiry I find there are no heavy rifled guns at Norfolk; no projectiles or carriages. General Holmes has been advised to send up all the guns he can possibly spare to fill the wants of Evansport. Eight guns of heaviest caliber, including the rifled gun taken at Manassas, will have arrived at Evansport this evening, and three 32-pounders, one rifled, will be there within three days. In the assignment of General Trimble to the command at Evansport it was not contemplated to detach this force from General Holmes' command, who has been advised to that effect.

I am, sir, respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, September 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter of the 7th instant has been received, furnishing me with the following extract:

It said to be impossible to provide rations ahead for the troops. So it may be if everything comes from Richmond, but if purchases are made in the valley of Virginia, such as flour, corn, oats, bacon, and beef, it is certainly practicable to accumulate any quantity, as two railroads would be in requisition instead of one. Besides, flour can be bought in the valley of Virginia, at the end of the Manassas Railroad, one dollar per barrel cheaper than in Richmond, while the cost of transportation would be only one-half that from Richmond.

---------------

*Inclosure to Cooper to Holmes, September 9, p. 835.

---------------

