
with the forces at and near Sutton, with a view to a movement upon me or to the re-enforcement of General Cox. Should this junction be effected, their strength will be rendered very formidable. In the present attitude of things you will station your regiment for which I sent last night at Dogwood Gap. There it will be in supporting distance of me, and can be more readily supplied with provisions than here, in consequence of the bad condition of the road between that point and the turnpike. The regiment of Colonel Tompkins will join me here, as ordered in my last dispatch to you.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.
HEADQUARTERS, VALLEY MOUNTAIN, VIRGINIA,September 9, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Legion, Hawk's Nest, Kanawha Valley, Virginia:

GENERAL: I have just received your report of the 5th instant*, and am very happy to again congratulate you on your success against the enemy. I am very sorry for the necessity under which General Floyd found it necessary to diminish your command, but you know how necessary it is to act upon reports touching the safety of troops, and that even rumors must not be neglected. General Floyd's position is an exposed one and inviting an attack. He is obliged, therefore, to be cautions, and there is now way of being secure against false information. Troops are consequently obliged to be subjected to wearisome marches. But it is not done intentionally. In my opinion it would be highly prejudicial to separate your Legion from General Floyd. It might be ruinous to our cause in the valley. United, the force is not strong enough; it could effect nothing divided. Great efforts have been made to get this force in marching order. Bad weather, impassable roads, and sickness have paralyzed it for some time. There is a prospect now of being able to resume operations.

There must be a union of strength to drive back the invaders, and I beg you will act in concert. I will forward your report to the Secretary of War, that he may be gratified at the account of the bravery of your troops and skill of your officers. But I must tell you, in candor, I cannot recommend the division of the Army of the Kanawha. We must endure everything in the cause we maintain. In pushing your movements against the enemy, I trust you will not allow your troops to hazard themselves unnecessarily or to jeopardize the accomplishment of the general operations.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR HAWK'S NEST, VA.,

September 10, 1861-6.30 a. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Yesterday morning I received your orders to return to you the regiment of Colonel Tompkins and to send you one of my regiments.

I dispatched Colonel Tompkins' regiment immediately, and it must have

---------------

*See p. 124.

---------------

