
time it is impossible to spare the two regiments referred to from the particular service for which they are designed. Such unarmed companies as can be sent from this quarter for battery purposes at Fort Pickens and Evansport will be forwarded.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 12, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th instant. In reply I beg leave to assure you that my letter of the 6th instant, to which you refer, was intended wholly as explanatory to yourself personally of my motive and action in the case in question, and not for the purpose of conveying instructions for the guidance of your official conduct.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 12, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, Manassas, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of September 9,* in relation to Colonel McDonald's mounted regiment, has been submitted to the President, who states that he cannot spare at this time Colonel McDonald's regiment from the special and important duties in which that regiment is now engaged; that efforts are being made to send forward cavalry to the Army of the Potomac as rapidly as they can be obtained.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MANASSAS, September 12, 1861.

Brigadier-General WHITING, C. S. Army:

MY DEAR GENERAL: General Trimble informs me that there is reason to suspect that the enemy designs the occupation of some point on the Occoquan and fortifying there. He works so fast that we must be able to interrupt him as soon as the lands-that is to say, very soon after.

For this you had better, instead of moving in the direction of Dumfries, take a position somewhere in the vicinity of Bacon Race Church. Colonel Hampton says that the district is a healthy one. Forney's brigade will be part of your command, should any movement be necessary. After seeing the country, decide as to whether he need move. The position, or location rather, will enable you to help General T. If necessary act upon the banks of the Occoquan. Colonel H. will give you information, which his cavalry will look for, and be nearer ot us that at present, especially our right, by Wolf Run Shoals Ford.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

