
DOGWOOD CAMP, VA., September 12, 1861-10 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD:

SIR: I have but two companies of cavalry on this side of New River. One is scouting the Sunday road and the other is already beyond Piggot's. The other six companies over New River are ordered back immediately. My scouts have just reported having seen 2 of the enemy's men on the Saturday road, about 4 miles from here. My command will be in readiness to meet the enemy. There is danger from another advance, also, from Carnifix Ferry. My command is not sufficient to guard that as well as Miller's Ferry, near the Hawk's Nest.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., September 12, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

GENERAL: According to orders I submit to yourself, in writing a statement relating to the rifled gun and the subsequent order of Brigadier-General Floyd, hoping in a few days to make such a verbal report as will be demanded by you.

On August 29 I met Mr. Hutton (at one time your topographical engineer), who, with orders from General Floyd, was to proceed to Jackson's River Dept in search of such articles as might there be ready for his (General Floyd's) brigade. Expecting some guns for your command, I asked Mr. Hutton to inquire whether or not they had arrived. On his return he told me of five guns at the depot, which might belong to General Wise, and added: "If he had had a better horse he would have ridden into the country for terms, in order to bring General Floyd's ammunition away." He also remarked that, according to General Davis' statement, the rifled gun belonged to General Floyd. I then told. Mr. Hutton that I would send teams to the depot for such guns as were destined for General Wise's brigade, promising, as a favor, to bring the rifled gun also, provided the teams sent would not be all employed otherwise. The guns at Jackson's River proved to belong to another artillery company, and the lieutenant (J. W. Watts), whom I sent in charge of the horses and drivers, brought the rifled gun to the White Sulphur Springs. I would not have moved the gun, but for the wish expressed by Mr. Hutton that I should do so; and, secondly, in order to follow up the orders received by me to take charge of the artillery as it arrived at Jackson's River. The rifled gun was not represented to me as de facto General Floyd's; consequently, such guns being expected for your command, I directed Lieutenant Watts to bring it, even if the ownership was doubtful, provided the number of horses would allow it. The rifled gun remained at the White Sulphur Springs unclaimed by any one, to my own knowledge, and General Floyd has not experienced any difficulty in obtaining it, but has had the advantage of a start of 30 miles. The order for my arrest was given in plain language, without allowing of any explanation, but the lieutenant bearing it refused to execute it, for reasons obvious to him.

With highest respect for yourself, I remain, sir, your very obedient servant,

B. ROEMER,

Commanding Mountain Artillery.

54 R R-VOL V

