
speedily informed of the advance of the enemy. My cavalry are all on the Wilderness road, under Colonel Croghan. There are of the companies of Captains Corns and Beckett only 10 fit for service. These 10 have been already sent upon the turnpike west of this. This force, it is clear, is entirely inadequate for the purpose of a proper scout. You will therefore detail from your cavalry 20 men, to proceed at once upon the turnpike west of this point, and scout the same as far as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 44.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA, Camp Sewell, Va., September 15, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I learn that your cavalry picket of 12 men, sent out last night to scout the turnpike west of this point, has returned. As the safety of my entire command depends, in a great measure, upon being informed of the advance of the enemy, if they do advance, you will please send, immediately upon receiving this, a strong force of cavalry, with instructions to scout the road between this point and Dogwood Gap, or as far in that direction as possible, and to remain on the road until recalled. As I informed you last night, I have with me only 10 available horse-men. These are scouting this road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

By WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT DIXON'S, September 15, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &c.:

SIR: The detachment of cavalry sent out last night from my camp has returned only to feed their horses. There is no provender in our front, and we have but two companies, which have been on constant service at Dogwood and through the adjacent roads. Owing tot he excess of horses and scarcity of forage at and all this side the Hawk's Nest, I sent six of my companies to the Upper Kanawha, at Loop, Paint, and Lens Crecks and Coal River, leaving only their exhausted horses and sick men. My two companies are worn about the same degree as the troops of Captains Corns and Beckett, of your command, a hundred at least of whom are in the rear. They may pick their men, say 25, to unite with as many more from my two companies, and I beg you, sir, so to order them. But permit me, respectfully, to say that the cavalry, worn as they are, are fit only for vedette duty,a nd they ought to be preceded by at least two of the picked rifle companies, to ambuscade each side of the turnpike, taking the ridges and road-sides, with two days' provisions, using the cavalry to toll the enemy into the ambush.

Yours, respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I will order 25 cavalry immediately on duty.

