
pledge myself to defend your rear and to support your command in the most efficient way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Inclosed is a report of my quartermaster, to which I beg leave to call your attention.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS WISE'S LEGION, September 18, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE, Commanding Wise's Legion:

GENERAL: I have been informed by Captain Farrish that two wagons, under my charge, which were sent to Jackson's River Depot for the purpose of bringing stores to this command, were loaded with articles belonging to General Floyd's brigade and sent by Mr. Boyer to him, since which time I have heard nothing of the wagons, and suppose they are still with General Floyd. Two wagons were also sent format he White Sulphur with stores from Colonel Tompkins' regiment, with the express understanding that they would be returned to me immediately; but so far it has not been done. Also one wagon loaded with picks, spades, &amp;c., was sent form White Sulphur to General Floyd, then on the top of Big Sewell, which was also to be returned as soon as unloaded; but as yet I have heard nothing from it, although it should have been received by me yesterday morning. You will see by this that five of our wagons are now in the possession of General Floyd's brigade,a nd as we are at present much in want of them for the purpose of removing both quartermaster and commissary stores, I would respectfully request you would demand them of General Floyd, as I feel that I can do nothing, as I have already without success requested their return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,F. D. CLEARY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CAMP ON BIG SEWELL, VIRGINIA, September 18, 1861-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: By the foregoing report to me of Captain Cleary, my brigade quartermaster, you will see that five of my wagons were loaned to your brigade and have not been returned. We are short of transportation, and need these wagons very much. On the 16th you very promptly assented to my request to have them returned. There is a large amount of stores, arms, ammunition, baggage, &c., to be moved, and the roads are much worse than when you passed. If my five wagons cannot now be identified, I ask that five others as good shall be sent in their stead, as they are indispensable to my march. And here let me respectfully apprise you that from Dogwood Camp here my wagons and hospitals have been burdened with your sick. They have been left neglected, and several have died on the way. I have attended to them the best I could.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

