
barrels ordered from Lynchburg and Fredericksburg. This must be due to some difficulties on the roads, as ample provision has been made at both places. The agent of the Central Railroad writes that it is impossible to transport the flour, and therefore I inclose a copy of the agent's letter, stating the reason.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General Subsistence.

RICHMOND, September 18, 1861.

J. H. CLAIBOURNE, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: The Confederate States have all of our cars at Manassas and Millborough. We cannot get them back. We have only two cars now in Richmond. Our depot is blocked up. If you send the flour today we shall be compelled to put it out of doors, and the Confederate States must take the risk.

Respectfully,

S. HUNTER.

RICHMOND, September 19, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel TURNER ASHBY,

C. S. Army, Commanding, Halltown, Jefferson County, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the----instant [following], from Halltown, I am instructed to inform you that it has been our object, with the President, for some time past, to destroy the canal at any point where it could not be repaired. If this can be accomplished at the mouth of the Monocacy, the destruction would be irreparable for an indefinite period. The destruction of the canal and the railroad have been cherished objects,a nd a disappointment at the failure of all past attempts to effect them has been proportionate to the importance attached to their achievement. But while this much is said on the subject, it is intended that any attempt of the kind should be made with the greatest caution, so that the safety of the command may be duly secured. The stores seized by you and sent to Winchester must be regarded as a seizure from the enemy, and may be turned over to the quartermaster and hospital departments for use, receipts being taken for them, as usual.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR HALLTOWN, JEFFERSON COUNTRY, [September--, 1861.]

Adjutant-General COOPER:

SIR: Inclosed I send you invoice of goods seized by my order from a store upon the Potomac, in Berkeley County, belonging to A. R. McQulken, who has fled from the Confederacy. He was a member of the Wheeling Convention. I would be pleased to hear from you as to how to dispose of them. I send them to-day to Winchester to be stored until I hear form you, which directions will find me if directed to Charlestown, Jefferson County. I think it proper to state to you my position. I am in command of a detachment of Colonel McDonald's regiment, together with a force of militia furnished me by General Carson, for the.

