
may have cannot yet be told, but I can meet them in the trenches with 1,800 infantry and artillery, and by to-morrow will have my eight companies of cavalry (say 350 to 400) in all, 2,200, with nine pieces of artillery. With this force, posted as I am, I can repulse 4,000. I doubt whether the enemy are advancing upon the wilderness road, and if they are, they cannot take artillery they cannot make a successful attack upon you, your seven regiments and six pieces, numbering at least 3,500, besides your 300 or 400 cavalry. Thus strong, though we may be divided, the enemy are divided too, if your opinion is correct,a nd the divisions are about proportionately distributed to our respective forces. But if my opinion is correct (that from the Bracken's Creek rod the enemy from both Gauley and Carnifix will advance in main force, with artillery, on this turnpike), then I submit that I ought ot be re-enforced by one of your regiments, to co-operate with your command, and will not press reasons, otherwise than those already urged, for the course I am pursuing. As to the wagons I sent you, the report of my quartermaster as to the number loaned to your brigade and mr. Miller's report do not relate to three out of five of them. But, at all events, I beg you to cause my wagons passing meadow Bluff to hurry on to Frazier's. I regret to urge another matter. Captain Roemer, of my artillery, arrived to-day, and reports that Colonel Croghan has taken some fifty-four of my sabers for your cavalry, which were sent to McLeary, of Lewisburg, to be scabbarded for my artillery. These sabers I sent to Richmond for, to be scabbarded for my artillery. These sabers I sent to Richmond for, expressly for my Legion, and obtained them without scabbards, and myself had them scabbarded and belts made for them. I respectfully ask that Colonel Croghan be ordered to deliver them to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 47.] CAMP ON BIG SEWELL, VIRGINIA, September 19, 1861-2 a. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Two of my scouts (John T. Amicka and Madison Walker) report the enemy approaching on this turnpike, at double-quick, 6 miles off, at Masten's. They left Gauley River, at Carnifix, at 10 a. m., and the enemy were not done crossing the river there then. The Gauley forces, from the bridge, had reached the Sunday road first, and those now advancing are probably some of the latter. The scouts came into the turnpike by the Bracken's Creek road, at Billy Masten's house, at Bracken's Creek, where they came in between two regiments or two companies, they could not see which. They followed the front column up to old Masten's house, about three-fourths of a mile, and found them plundering the house, and then spoke to some of the enemy, and turned back to the Bracken's Creek road, and upon it rode back to Meadow River, and came around into my camp, on the position of my artillery. At Nichol's mill, at Meadow River,a man told them that 15 of the enemy had been seen there, and at the mouth of the Bracken's road, on the turnpike, they had me another column, in the rear of the first. Thus they saw the rear of one and the front of another column, but cannot describe their numbers. Amick says he was alone when he saw the en-

