HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA, September 25, 1861.

Major ISAAC B. DUNN:

SIR: Your note September 23 is at hand. In reply I am instructed by General Floyd to say that he would urge you to send up his re-enforcements with all possible dispatch. To this end you will use every possible effort to get transportation for them upon arrival at Jackson River Depot. The enemy have concentrated their entire available force in Western and Northwestern Virginia on this road, and it is absolutely necessary to the command of General Floyd and to the cause that he should have re-enforcements, and this speedily. The enemy have already appeared before Wise in large force. General Lee went to his succor with four of General Floyd's regiments, which leaves the latter with a very small force. Hence you see the necessity of rapid re-enforcements.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

P. S.- General Wise was fighting yesterday, but with what success I have not learned.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 31. September 25, 1861.

I. Major General Gustavus W. Smith, Provisional Army Confederate States, is assigned to the command of the Second Corps of the Army of the Potomac.

II. The Second Corps will consist of the troops of this army not heretofore assigned to the First Corps.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 26, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond:

SIR: The troops now under my command occupy a front of about 6 miles from Flint Hill, through Fairfax Court-House and Fairfax Station, to Sangster's Cross-Roads. An advance guard of eleven regiments of infantry and Colonel Stuart's cavalry, is stationed at Falls Church, munson's and Mason's Hills, at Padgett's (where the Columbian turnpike enters that from Alexandria to Fairfax), and at Springfield Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Munson's Hill is apparently little more than 3 miles from the enemy's line of works on the heights extending from Georgetown to Alexandria. I assumed this advanced position as soon as the repair of the railroad enabled the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments to afford us supplies with a twofold object-to

56 R R-VOL V

