
is required is prompt action, for we may at any time be called upon to meet again the "Grand Army of the North," which this time will do its best to wipe out the disgrace of Manassas, and these officers ought to have a few days to organize their divisions and staffs before the battle commences. One or two major-generals only to each corps would not help us materially. General Johnston has seven and I nine brigades of from three to five regiments each of volunteers, so that our orders have to be so multiplied and repeated, that the genius of a Napoleon would get entangled on a day of battle. What we want is a simplification of the whole system with one head and several co-ordinate branches.

With much respect, I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, September 29, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

SIR: Your letter of the 26th instant has been handed to me by Captain Preston, and has received the attention both of the President and myself. It is extremely difficult, even with the aid of such information as Captain Preston has been able to give us orally, as suggested by you, to determine whether or not we can furnish you the further means you may deem necessary to assume the active offensive. We have not in the Department a single return from your army of the quantity of ammunition, artillery, means of transportation, or sick in camp or in hospitals, to enable us to form a judgment of what your necessities may be. Having had charge of the War Department but a few days, my first effort was to master out situation, to understand thoroughly what we had and n what our deficiencies consisted, but I have been completely foiled at all points by the total absence of systematic returns. I beg to call your attention to this, as it will be obvious to you that the Department cannot be administered without a thorough reform in this respect. I have, therefore, earnestly requested the President to visit your headquarters in person, and to learn on confederence with you the rue position of your army in all respects, and the possibility of a prompt offensive movement. He has consented to this, and I hope will reach your camp will be carefully considered in disposing of the services of that justly esteemed officer.

I am, respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

DUMFRIES, September 29, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: I am happy to inform you that the first of our river batteries at Evansport is finished, and guns mounted ready for service without discovery by the enemy. I write you to-night.

Yours,

I. R. TRIMBLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

