
RICHMOND, VA., October 1, 1861.

Captain C. R. MASON,

Assistant Quartermaster, now at Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You are assigned to the special duty of superintending the road from Staunton to Greenbrier River, the headquarters of General H. R. Jackson, and from the Warm Springs to Huntersville; also tot he headquarters of General Loring. It will be your especial care to repair the roads and bridges wherever it is required, and to keep them in order for the transportation of supplies from Staunton to the several headquarters named above. You will regild the bridges and renew the embankments where required on account of the late freshest. To enable you to perform this work thoroughly you are, with the consent of the governor perform this work thoroughly you are, with the consent of the governor of Virginia, empowered to use all the appliances for work and labor that have been in use on the State road, and to hire or purchase, as you may regard best, wagons, carts, and teams, and all additional labor you think necessary.*

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., October 3, 1861.

Major GEORGE S. STEVENS, Commanding, Nelson Station, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following remarks of Governor Letcher relative to your detailed report of the state of the militia in the county of Nelson, dated the 23rd ultimo, viz:

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, September 28, 1861.

The county of Nelson not having furnished her quota of volunteers, militia went into camp August 6, 1861. The return of the colonel, one received at the office of the adjutant-general (Richardson), ont he 7th of this month, showed that he then had at Camp Mitchell 197. This return shows 163, a reduction of 34. Under the 10 percent regulation they were short of their quota upwards of 150 men. While in the camp I proposed, if they would furnish a company of 80 volunteers, I would accept them and disband the balance. These men were to be furnished by a given day, which has long since passed. I still indulged them, and told the officers and others who called upon me that if the number of 80 was not furnished I would order the militia to rendezvous at Staunton, where they would be attached to a regiment being formed at that place. Finding they would do nothing, they were ordered to Staunton. After the order was issued major Stevens came here to see me, and did not pretend to justify their conduct. Among other things, he said, in the presence of Colonel Dimmock, that they did not think I would order them into service; that I was not in earnest. I told him as the order had been given they could now tell whether I had been jesting on so serious a subject, and that he must return and execute the order without delay.

JOHN LETCHER,Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 4, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

I have this moment received a dispatch dated at Fredericksburg at 12.30 o'clock, stating that the enemy are landing near Occoquan in.

---------------

*Details omitted.

---------------

