
In relation to the list of generals proposed, I will now request you to divide the effective strength of your army by the number of generals you would have if the addition was made. Would not the number more nearly correspond to the command of colonels than generals? For 37,000 men I still think four division enough, and am still at a loss to perceive how the change of title would increase the efficiency of a brigadier; but can conceive how a brigadier would lose something of his value by being brought into immediate command and minute supervision of a major-general of a small division, say about equal to an efficient brigade.

Your remarks about the moral effect of repressing the hope of the volunteers for an advance are in accordance with the painful impression made on me, when in our council it was revealed to me that the Army of the Potomac had been reduced to about one-half the legalized strength, and that the arms to restore the number were not in depot. As I then suggested, though you may not be able to advance into Maryland and expel the enemy, it may be possible to keep up the spirit of your troops by expeditions, such as that particularly spoken of against Sickles' brigade, on the Lower Potomac, or Banks', above, by destroying the canal, and making other rapid movements whenever opportunity presents to beat detachments or to destroy lines of communication.

Let me insist that you revive something of your early respect for military grades, as your recommendations evince that you have adopted the militia value for the commission of field officers. I have never regarded one entitled to expect of the Confederacy the same grade he may have held under a State.

How have you progressed in the solution of the problem I left-the organization of the troops, with reference to the States and terms of service? If the volunteers continue their complaints that they are commanded by strangers, and do not get justice, and that they are kept in camp to die when reported for hospital by he surgeon, we shall soon feel a reaction in the matter of volunteering. Already I have been much pressed on both subjects, and have answered by promising that the generals would give due attention and I hope make satisfactory changes.

The authority to organize regiments into brigades and the latter into divisions is by law conferred only on the President, and I must be able to assume responsibility of the action taken y whomsoever acts for me in that regard. By reference to the law you will see that, in surrendering the sole power to appoint general officers, it was nevertheless designed, as far as should be found consistent, to keep up the State relation of troops and generals. Kentucky has a brigadier but not a brigade. She has, however, a regiment. That regiment and brigadier might be associated together. Louisiana has regiments enough to form a brigade, but no brigadier in either corps. All of the regiments were sent to that commanded by a Louisiana general. Georgia has regiments now organized into two brigades. She has on duty with that army two brigadiers, but one of them serves with other troops. Mississippi troops were scattered, as if the State was unknown. Brigadier-General Clark was sent to remove a growing dissatisfaction; but, though the State had nine regiments tete, he (C.) was put in command of a post and depot of supplies. These nine regiments should form two brigades. Brigadiers Clark and (as native of Mississippi) Whiting should be placed in command of them, and the regiments for the war put in the army man's brigade. Both brigades should be put in the division commanded by General Van Dorn, of Mississippi. Thus would the spirit and intent

