
STAUNTON, October 21, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed is an urgent letter from General Jackson, and I have done all I could to have the Fifty-eighth to move in accordance with his wishes, but am informed you have allowed them to remain for a short time. If it cannot move, I must ask you to send another regiment up with the least possible delay, to take position on the Hardy line.

With great respect, your obedient servant,.

M. G. HARMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding..

[Inclosure.]

GREENBRIER, October 20, 1861.

Major HARMAN:

MAJOR: I have good reason to fear that a body of the enemy are making their way, by the direction of the Seneca route, towards Monterey. They may do us vast injury, unless we can meet them. they are plundering and devastating the country as they come.

Is it possible, I would ask, that the Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment, or any portion of it, will consent, under such circumstances, to remain in Stauton? I am lost in astonishment when I realize it. We are here in the immediate presence of a largely superior force. I cannot spare a man to go back, and yet this command, which could have rendered us so much service, and which I designed for this very duty, and which, had it moved, might have prevented, by its mere presence, this foray of the enemy, lingers in Stauton.

Scarcely a day passes that we are not skirmishing with the enemy here, and our presence here is absolutely necessary at this time to the protection of both lines. For our country's sake, induce this regiment to move, and to move quickly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

H. R. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

STAUNTON, VA., October 22, 1861.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: I received on yesterday a pressing letter from General H. R. Jackson, commanding on the Monterey line, to urge the commanding officer of the Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment to march immediately for Fork of Waters, on the Seneca road. I immediately telegraphed General S. Cooper, and he has ordered the regiment to move without delay. My object in writing to you is to urge the importance of having at least two regiments on the Hardy line the guard the Seneca road. It would be a serious affair indeed if the enemy were to push forward a force on that line and get possession of our supplies at Monterey and come in the rear of our forces on the Alleghany and at Greenbrier river, by which movement, they having a strong force at Cheat Mountain, our forces would be surrounded. The Fifty-eighth Virginia regiment has a great many men sick in the hospital, and numbers scarcely 400 effective men. I inclose you a copy of General Jackson's letter. I fear that the Seneca road, not being guarded at all, gives an opportunity for pretended friends to pass and give information to the enemy which may.

