
induce this movement on their part. I hope you will send a regiment up immediately, if it can possibly be done, if you concur in the importance I attach to guarding this line.

With the highest consideration, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

M. G. HARMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding..

P. S.-I inclosed to the Secretary of War a copy of General Jackson's letter, and also a letter the commander of the post of Monterey, * which I should like you to see.

CENTERVILLE, October 22, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I think that the enemy cannot land near Occoquan without being discovered by our pickets. The rear cannot be true. The ordnance officer reports that he can arm 1,000 men with muskets left unmarked, by sick men probably. Please send the men.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 15. Richmond, Va., October 22, 1861.

1. A department is established, to be known and designated as the Department of Northern Virginia. It will be composed of the three following district, viz: The Valley District, the Potomac District, and the Aquia District. The Valley District will embrace the section of country between the Blue Ridge and the Alleghany Mountains, the Potomac District between the Blue Ridge Mountains and the left bank of Powell's River, and the Aquia District between Powell's River and the mouth of the Potomac, including the Northern Neck, and embracing the counties on either side of the Rappahannock River from its mouth or Fredericksburg.

2. General J. E. Johnston is assigned to the command of the Department of Northern Virginia, General P. G. T. Beauregard to the command of the Potomac District, Major General T. H. Holmes to the command of the Aquia District, and Major General T. J. Jackson to the command of the Valley District.

3. The troops saving in the Potomac District will be brigaded and formed into divisions, as follows: First division, under command of Major-General Van Dorn: First Brigade, Brigadier-General Clark, to consist of four Mississippi regiments, Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Whiting, to consist of five Mississippi regiments; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Stuart, to consist of the cavalry of the army of this district, to be united in one brigade; Fourth Brigade, the Hampton Legion, under Colonel Hampton. Second Division, under command of Major General G. W. Smith: First Brigade, Brigadier-General Ewell, to consist of four Virginia regiments; Second Brigade, Brigadier General S. Jones, to consist of four Virginia regiments; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Early, to consist of four Virginia regiments; Fourth Brigade Brigadier-General Crittenden, to consist of two Virginia regiments, two Tennessee

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

58 R R-VOL V .

