
matters relating to the defense of that district and the military operations therein. General Jackson, as chief in command of the district will also regulate and direct the subject of winter quarters, to which you refer.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 29, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Commanding, &c., Fort Lowry:

COLONEL: Yours of the 28th instant, by special messenger, was duly receive this morning, and submitted to the Secretary of War, who greatly regrets his inability to send you re-enforcements.* He has, however, directed a supply of percussion arms and ammunition to be forwarded to you with the least practicable delay. It is impossible to furnish you with the rifled cannon mentioned in your communication.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Dickerson, October 29, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will furnish me as speedily as possible two 12 ponder rifled guns and two 24-pounder rifled howitzers. In my present position I feel very seriously the want of heavy artillery, and am quite satisfied that if I had it I could bring the campaign to a successful close. I hold the left bank of New River and am in command of all its ferries. From the river bluffs are plainly seen the several encampments of the enemy at and in the vicinity of the Hawk's Nest. Some of these positions can be reached, from which with such guns as I ask for the enemy could not only be dislodged from his positions, but the navigation of the Kanawha cut off and its ferries commanded. Could this be effected one of two alternatives is left him-either to fight me in my own positions or to retreat out of the valley through the northwest. With 6-pounder guns such as I have I cannot engage with certainty of success the pieces of the enemy, superior in number, range, caliber, and metal. Any position which I can gain and from which the enemy's can be reached, can be brought within range of his guns. With guns of power equal to or approximating that of his I would attack him with a strong conviction of success.

I earnestly but respectfully call your attention to the matter, with the request that you will inform me at once whether the guns can be furnished.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha.

---------------

*Not found. .

---------------

