
B. Lookins, who is said to have given so much information deemed of value, that he has already been commissioned. This man had drawings of batteries in the Peninsula. He, she says, has a brother-in-law, by name of Ford, now in the works at Sewell's Point, from whom he learned a signal in use by us when our vessels are to run the blockade of York River. If there is such a signal it has been communicated, be assured. Generals Johnston and Beauregard think the matter ought to be examined into.

You rightly say the events of the last six months seem all a dream. The most dreamlike thing in the world's history in the presence here in Fairfax County, in the month of October, 1861, twelve months from the time you were in San Francisco, of two hostile armies, of formidable size, such as now confront each other.

Be assured I shall be pleased to be of the least personal service to you in this quarters.

Yours, truly,

THOMAS JORDAN.

BALTIMORE, October 29, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

HONORED SIR: The gentleman who will had you this I have forwarded by our Government route, as he comes on very important business with the Navy Department. He will also give you the norther papers sent by him up to this day. I have made arrangements to forward them every Wednesday and Saturday. The gentleman who negotiated the purchase of the bonds has been arrested. I will, I think, be able to sell them to other parties, and accomplish our object. Anything that I can do for you here let me know immediately. Any communication directed to Mr. Hermange, Sun office, baltimore, sent to the river by courier, will reach me safely. Direct inside to me. This is a better arrangement than the one mentioned in my former letter. General Dix has announced his intention of hanging me as a spy if he can find me. That for his intentions.

With every wish for the success of our devoted cause, I remain, very respectfully, yours,

H. A. STEWART.

P. S.-The confusion in Washington is greater than after the battle of Bull Run. An officer of flak says he believes if a decided attack were made on Washington they would capitulate.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Centerville, Va., October 30, 1861.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS, Commanding at Leesburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I send you herewith the copy of letter from General Stuart, giving the positions and probable intentions of the enemy for your information and guidance.* General Johnston says:

It indicates, as far as can be relied on, a movement of Banks eastwardly. Cannot General Evans ascertain the fact? And if the movement has been positively made, then let him join us; that is, by placing himself within striking [distance] of us, to counteract the effect of Banks joining McClellan.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

59 R R-VOL V .

.

