
In reply I have the honor to say that I consider the objections of General Johnston well founded, and that I shall be glad to have the change made which he proposes. These objections occurred to me after considering the matter and after examining the field of operations in front of us, and I should have suggested the same change, except that I had some hesitation in making propositions so soon after entering a protect against his assignment of me to a command which I considered inadequate to my rank.

If you will allow me to suggest, I would be glad to have the Texas troops assigned to my division in addition to the Mississippians, and such other troops as you may see fit to give me, as I have been identified with the people of that State for several yards,and I believe it would be somewhat conducive to the interest of the service if I were placed in command of her troops.

Thanking the President and you, sir, for the consideration you have shown me, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General of Division.

RICHMOND, November 2, 1861.

General W. W. LORING, Hunstersville, Va.:

It is not intended to retain in the mountains from the winter more than the 4,500 men necessary to guard the passes. Instructions will be sent in a day or two for the disposal of the remainder of your forces.*

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 202. Richmond, November 2, 1861.

* * * * * * *

XII. Brigadier General Richard Griffith, Provisional Army, will report to General J. E. Johnston for duty with the brigade lately commanded by Brigadier General Charles Clark, Provisional Army.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, A. P.,Numbers 480. Near Centreville, November 2, 1861.

The following disposition of officers and troops will take effect immediately, namely:

I. Brigadier General Charles Clark will turn over the command of the Fourth Brigade to the senior colonel; then repair to Leesburg, Va., and assume command of the Seventh Brigade, relieving Brigadier General N. G. Evans, who will report in person at these headquarters. Brigadier-General Clark will report in person to the commanding general of the Army of the Potomac for special instructions.

II. Brigadier-General Ewell will true over the command of the Sec-

---------------

*See inclosure to Cooper to Floyd, November 5, p. 938. .

---------------

