
RICHMOND, November 6, 1861.

General T. J. JACKSON, Winchester, Va.:

I have ordered your old brigade to be sent to you at once from Centreville and McLaughlin's company of Rockbridge artillery, and had already ordered a further force of about 6,000 men to be detached from Loring's command and to join you, by was of Staunton, before receiving your letter brought by Colonel Preston. Will send you full instructions by mail.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, November 6, 1861.

General W. H. RICHARDSON, Adjutant-General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, to inform you that it is impossible to give you the exact number of Virginia troops in the Confederate service at this time. The exigencies of the service have prevented the commanding generals from furnishing this office with the necessary reports. He hopes to be able to furnish you complete statement very soon.

There are now in the field: Organized by Virginia, 51 regiments infantry; organized by Confederate States, 8 regiments infantry; organized by Confederate States, 2 regiments cavalry; organized by Virginia, 6 regiments cavalry; organized by Virginia, 1 regiment artillery. Total, 68 regiments volunteers; 1 battalion enlisted men. The regiments will average 750 men each, making 51,000. Added to this is the battalion of enlisted men and very many independent companies, making an aggregate of about 55,000 men. There are in the field several regiments of militia, called out by the proclamation of Governor Letcher, from which no returns have been received.

I am, sir, respectfully,&amp;c.,

N. D. GUNN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 490. November 6, 1861.

Brigadier General R. S. Ewell, having been relieved from duty with the First Corps, will report to Major General G. W. Smith for duty in the Second.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General..
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 491. November 6, 1861.

Major General E. K. Smith, P. A. C. S., is assigned to the command of the division to be composed of the following brigades: Brigadier-General Elzey's, Brigadier-General Crittenden's, and Brigadier-General Taylor's.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General. .

