
Along the Northwestern turnpike, between Cacapon Bridge and Hanging Rock, 285, and at Flowing Spring, 2 miles below Charlestown, on the railroad, 200.

I omitted to mention Captain Henderson's cavalry, at Duffield's Depot, about 8 miles above Harper's Ferry, numbering 60 men, which makes the mounted force 190, thus giving an aggregate of 1,651 under my command.

The enemy are, as reported, about 1,800 strong at Williamsport and near 800 opposite Shepherdstown. General Kelley's command, at and near Romney, number about 4,000.

An official report received states that an advance of near 300 came as far as Blue's, 15 miles this side of Romney, but were repulsed by part of Colonel McDonald's regiment, under Captain Sheetz.

I am now informed officially that if the enemy are not speedily driven from the South Branch, our people, who have heretofore been loyal, amy yield and take the oath of allegiance to the United States.

So soon as I can get a report of the ammunition distributed I will forward an ordnance report. There is very little ammunition on hand.

The day after arriving here I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Preston to see the Secretary of War, and wrote a letter urging that the troops on the Cheat Mountain route be ordered here, and also those on the Valley Mountain route, if practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding Valley District.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Dickerson, November 8, 1861.

[Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:]

MY GOOD FRIEND: I write as a duty, resulting from the confidence reposed in me and the kindness with which you treat me at all times.

This army is in confusion, resulting from its disquietude. This disquietude was caused in the first instance by a great horror of Southern troops wintering in what they believe to be a bleak, inhospitable climate, in a country partially desolated by the two opposing armies; but even now Virginia has joined in the cry, back! Those in favor of a retrograde movement raised the cry that the army could not be fed. I made a report demonstrating that I could feed the men certainly. Then I found that, from enjoying more than ordinary popularity with the army, I now feel that the kind courtesy which greeted me on all occasions when I met an officer of rank is no longer extended to me with cordiality. My outside friends following the army inform me that it is in consequence of my sustaining General Floyd's desire to say here until he gets a fight or can advance. The general impression is that General Floyd's conceptions are too bold-rather rash then considerate. The same men that complain if fighting in the State in which they were raised. A very common complain uttered every day by Georgians, North Carolinians, Mississippians, Louisianians, and even Eastern Virginians, is, "This country is not worth fighting for." The agitation and anger expressed at General Floyd's determination to winter here will culminate in desertion or rebellion, unless the Secre-

