SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 222. Richmond, Va., November 14, 1861.

* * * * *

XIV. The Fourteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, Colonel [A. V.] Brumly commanding, and the Sixteenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, Colonel [S.] Lee commanding, now at Staunton, will proceed by march to Mount Jackson, thence by railroad via Strasburg to Manassas, to report to General J. E. Johnston. The next two regimens arriving at Staunton from General Loring's command will proceed by march to Winchester, and report to Major-General Jackson.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 15, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

SIR: I am directed by the President to inform you that after deliberation he has concluded to yield to your suggestions on the subject of assigning the cavalry of the Army of the Potomac to one of the divisions, and that he will accordingly leave the cavalry, like the artillery to be distributed by you amongst the several division or used in such other manner as to you shall seem most effective.

The new organizations into brigades and division, rendered necessary in order to assign to General Van Dorn a command suitable to his rank, have also been determined by the President, and will be communicated to you by the Adjutant-General.

In order to supply the brigadier-generals rendered necessary by recent changes, the President has also made the following provisions:.

1st. He has directed that Brigadier-General Trimble be assigned to the command left vacant by the promotion of Brigadier-General Crittenden.

2nd. That William M. Gardner be promoted to the grade of brigadier-general, and assigned to the command of Brigadier General W. H. T. Walker, resigned.

As General Gardner will be confined for some time to come by this wound, the President has sent to you Brigadier General Richard Garnett, to be assigned by you to such duty as you may deem proper until a brigade is formed for him.

3rd. In order to supply a brigadier-general to assist Major-General Jackson in the Valley District of your department, the President directs that one of the four brigadier-generals from Virginia, assigned by General Orders, Numbers 15, of 22nd ultimo, to the four Virginia brigades, be selected by you, to be sent to command the brigade of Virginia regiments now in the Valley District.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, November 15, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville:

The Fourteenth Alabama Regiment, Colonel Judge, left here yesterday for Fredericksburg and Manassas. It will require arms. I tele-

