
You must look our on the right. We have tremendous odds against us, and if they cross then run shall have a heavy fight. It is good that General T. has been relieved, through mightily hard on French. If the re-enforcement come, I will give two regiments. I have to watch that Occoquan movement. My dear general, the portion is difficult and anxious. What would's I give if G. W. [Smith] was in command down here?

As to the change to Cockpit, if it can be executed it will undoubtedly disconcert and delay the enemy. I only fear it may be too late. Where are all the engineer officers of the Army? Hadn't you batter show this to Beauregard?

Very truly, yours,

W. H. C. WHITING.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS NEAR DUMFRIES,November 16, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: I sent you yesterday some important intelligence, received from some of our men who have been over in Maryland. Perhaps owing to the swelling of the creaks it did not reach you. The chief point was the certain information that the enemy are preparing a pontoon brigade to cross the Occoquan. They will cross near the town of Occaquan, and I think land at the same time at Deep Hole, where they can put across a very large force. i think you may depend on the grand attack being on our right this time, and we shall catch it here. Your must look out for me. There is no time to be lost. The enemy are only waiting for their flotilla organization. The batteries, per se, as batteries, will not be tenable against a heady fleet attack combined with the fire from the other side. They were never constructed so as to protect the guns from being dismounted. I telegraphed for authority to withdrawn them and place them at Cockpit. The main question is whether it can now be done in time. If you are fortified up there and believed as I do in the attack here in heavy force, let a brigade move at once toward Bacon Race. There ought to be a regiment of cavalry here to act, and certainly another battery. I have only Imboden and Hampton, and consequently nothing to act with my brigade, which is and will be the reserve troops, the artillery being posted at certain points for action. Heintzelman's division will I think cross the Occoquan, and Sickles will land in force at Deep Hole. The roads converge at Kankey's farm, on the Neabsco, where I except Wigfall to meet and hold them in check while I fall on their flank. The Fredericksburg regiments have not arrived spoken of in your notre. The sooner they come the better; but order, if you please, your commissariat and quartermaster's department to be energetic. My train has the whole burden of the Texas brigade, which was sent here without transportation from Richmond, &amp;c.

Yours, truly,

WHITING,

NOVEMBER 16, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL JOHNSTON: I believe in all that Whiting says. As to the new battery at Cockpit Point, I fear it is entirely too late. Either we must be prepared to fight them there with some force or withdrawn our forces and guns within the line of the Upper Occoquan, and the, should they attempt to move along the Potomac, we must attack them in flank

