
and rear. As to Colonel Anderson, he has received orders to work with his garrison on those forts around Manassas.

I advise you to send an express to Richmond with a copy of General Whiting's letter to the President, calling his attention to the fact that the entrenched camps and hills in rear of the Evansports batteries have never been constructed, notwithstanding your repeated instructions or advice on the subject.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS,Centreville, November 16,, 1861.

Brigadier-General WHITING:

DEAR GENERAL: A regiment left Richmond on the 14th for Fredericksburg, and another is to do so to-day nd another to-morrow, all unarmed. I directed the quartermaster to send you these not regiments, beginning with the Texans, twenty-our wagons, which will start to-day, should the Occoquan be fordable. They are to take 1,600 muskets (perhaps 1,800) and about 60 boxes of cartridges for the regiments of the 14th and 16th-dates of leaving Richmond. All these new troops are unarmed, and as I said that two could be armed at Manassas, they send fife to use the muskets-these people in Richmond.

I requested General Holmes to procure permanent transportation for these troops about Fredericksburg, if possible; I shall therefore wait to hear for him before sending more wagons.

When I hear of the last regiment, arms shall be sent for it, too, if they can be found.

I have had a brigade over the Occoquan begun on the road from Dumfries to Manassas, and am asking for labors to improve the road..

I have desired General Homles to have such field word as can now be made begun on the heights at Evansport. Will you advise in the case?

No Staunton regiments are to join Wigfall. His brigade consists of the three Texas regiments belonging to your command. The three regiments to come, also to be under your command, are new, I suppose being unarmed. Brigade them at you discretion.

Colonel Walker is, I doubt not, a very competent officer. i knew him as an excellent captain.

If the new regiments can serve where there are breastworks it will be well to so place them, by exchanges if necessary. I wish the dividing lines between the districts considered obliterated.

Yours, truly,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

In arming these regiments don's include men not likely to be able to use their muskets soon, for we are to have more men than arms.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Centreville, Va., November 16, 1861.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Commanding near Dumfries:

DEAR WHITING: General Johnston desires me to write you in answer to your letters to him of yesterday and to-day. The position propose to occupy on the Neabsco and general plan for resisting an advance to moving the batteries, he authorities you to do whatever in

