
RICHMOND, VA., November 18, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, C. S. A., Centreville, Va.:

SIR: Upon representations as to the defective construction of the batteries at and near Evansport and the hazard of bombardment by batteries recently established by the enemy on the Maryland shore, directions have been given to remove the guns to Cockpit, as recommended by General Writing and others. It will, however, give to the enemy opportunity to make a landing at Ship Point, and thence threaten the position of General Holmes. If a large force should be landed on the Potomac below General Homles, with a view to turn or to attack him, the value of the position between Dumfries and Fredericksburg will be so great, the I wish you to give to that line your personal inspection. With a sufficient force the enemy may be prevented from leaving his boats, should he be able to cross the river. To make the force available at either of the points which he may select, it will be necessary to improve the roads connecting the advanced posts with the armies of the Potomac and of the Aquia as well as with each other, and to have the require teams to move heavy guns with celerity. At Cockpit, f the topography has been correctly reported, our batteries will not be in danger of bombardment from the Maryland shore, but will be more liable to a land attack than when at Evansport; and being removed from support by General Holmes, will need to have a larger garrison in the event supposed.

As I notified you, unarmed troops have been sent to receive the arms in your possession, and three regiments have been sent to your department since my last letter to you. (The troops from Staunton may be soon expected.) We must ask of our army that it will perform such service as has distinguished it heretofore, and we hope that our just cause is safe in its keeping, through, if it were possible, I would send to you many more troops.

Very respectfully, your,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

BROOKE'S STATION, November 18, 1861.

General COOPER:

General Whiting wishes the two other regiments forwarded. He can arm then.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, November 18, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES, Brooke's Station:

There is but one other regiment, which will leave for Fredericksburg day after to-morrow. The other regiments have been sent to Manassas, as General Whiting, by telegraph, declined to receive them.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, November 19, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia, Centerville:

SIR: Your communications of the 14th, 15th, and 16th instant* were

---------------

* None of these communications found.

---------------

