
The wants of other portions of the frontier-Aquia District, for instance-make it inexpedient, in my opinion, to transfer to the Valley District so large a force as that asked for by Major-General

Jackson. It seems to me to be now of special importance to strengthen Major-General Homles, near Aquia Creek. The force there is very small compared with the importance of the position.

Your obedient servant.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RICHMOND, November 22, 1861.

General W. W. LORING, Staunton, Va.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War is disposed to think, from the great difficulty in obtaining forage and the reported reduced condition of horses of cavalry companies in the mountains, that you may dispense with a part of the cavalry force with you, retaining that portion of your cavalry which has been raised in Western Virginia, and therefore better able, on the part of both horses and men, to stand the climate. Cavalry is greatly needed in the region of country between the Potomac and Rappahannock, and if you can dispense with the service of Captains Hatchett's and Douglas' companies-the first from Lunengurg, the latter from Kent and King George-and Major Lere's squadron, it is desired that you will at once order them to move down to Major-General Homles' command, for duty upon the Rappahannock. If you have another company of cavalry (say, Captain Richards') disposable, the Secretary would prefer its being also ordered to that point, three Virginia companies being required to complete a cavalry regiment to be organized, f possible, int he District of the Lower Potomac.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 540. November 22, 1861.

In compliance with instructions from the Secretary of War, Brigadier General I. R. Trimble is assigned to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by General Crittenden, and will report to Major General R. Kirby Smith.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 23, 1861.

General HOLMES, Fredericksburg:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to say that, having made arrangements for getting newspapers from the United to the Confederate States at stated intervals, he desires that you will instruct Captain Beale to receive the packages on the Maryland shore every Tuesday and Thursday and convey them to the Hangue, whence they will be arrived to Carter's Wharf, on the Rappahannock, by expressmen, whom

