
CENTREVILLE, November 27, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

Brigadier-General Whiting requires at least two regiments. I beg that they be sent to him immediately.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, November 27, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville, Va.:

Having already sent all the regiments we have, there can be no objection to your sending two regiments from your command to General Whiting.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

STAUTON, November 28, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

The four regiments will be at Buffalo Gap to-morrow. It is almost impossible to control the men in the town. I suggest that you give Colonel Taliaferro an order to camp at Buffalo Gap, and have transportation ready at that point on the railroad for them to go to Manassas.

M. G. HARMAN.

RICHMOND, November 28, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. G. HARMAN, Staunton, Va.:

The superintendent of the Central Railroad reports his inability to send General Jackson's command by that road. You will causae the command to march from their present position to the nearest point of the Manassas Gap road, thence by railroad to Manassas.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CAMP FISHER, NEAR DUMFRIES,

November 28, 1861.

[General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I return you sketch* with some slight corrections. The road are not correctly laid down. For instance,the country road (Occoquan and Brentsville) should be continued to intersect the Dumfries and Brentsville. It is broad, good road, and passes by Greenwood Church. The position of my brigade was laid done wrong, as also the fork of the Dumfreis and Bacon Run road, in case I should not receive force enough to justify my operating in two bodies on the line of the Neabsco and awaiting the enemy in a pitched battle, and especially in view of Ganysten's [?] resisting the crossing of the Occoquan. I shall block the road A. to Greenwood Church (you may recollect it passes through very thick and douse pieces) at that

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

