
I have deemed it my duty thrown out these hints without making any suggestions, and without knowing upon what information in regard to the enemy the contemplated abandonment of this place is predicated. I only state what i know in regard to the immediate presence of the enemy. They have created commodious and comfortable buildings on Cheat Mountain, as I hear from a prisoner captured a few weeks since. He furthermore states that they will annoy us all winter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. JOHNSTON,

Colonel, Commanding Monterey Line.

CENTREVILLE, Va., December 9, 1861.

PRIVATE.]

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

DEAR GENERAL: To prevent spies and other from communicating to "George" our arrangements, I think it would be advisable to kept in reserve, at some safe place, our "wooden guns," to be put in position only when required. I have so instructed Longstreet for the armament of his batteries. I understand they are "preparing a case" at Richmond relative to the condition of the depot at Manassas, the bah arrangements for taking care of the sick arriving there, and of these on their way home or it other hospitals; also relative to the transportation of the sick on that occasion, and of the burning some baggage and tents at Fairfax Station. I mention these things to you to keep you on your guard.

I hear it suggested there is in some quarter a great desire to send Bragg to command this army. So far as I am personally concerned they can do so, if they please, after our next battle, but not before. With regard to the condition of the quartermaster's department at Manassas, I thinks it can be remedied by sending a competent quartermaster and putting him entirely under the control of Colonel Anderson, who should be made responsible for the proper order and system at that post.

Outside of Barbout I know of but two quartermaster who might answer for that responsible position-Bonham's and D. R. Jone's (Captains Young and Adams)-but I fear those general would almost die before giving them up.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CAMP LEE, NEAR HAGUE, December 10, 1861.

Honorable J. R. BENJAMIN, Secretary War:

The entente of the obligations of the Confederate Government ot Maryland is not known by me, and I feel compelled to ask for information and instructing.

There gentlemen, with the full endorsation of the Government, captains' commissions, are here recruiting, and claiming the right to run boats to Maryland. Any man who crosses is taken in, and may go back as a hand on board the boats, and aught I know any deserters from Sickles' brigade may come, get any desired information, and go back.

A letter from your office to Colonel Arnold, of king George, I think in September, require these gentlemen to be furnished every facility to

