
judge of these men by what is said of them by their officers, they are certainly brave and reliable. To the eye of the critical inspector they present the appearance of raw, undisciplined levis. Their instruction in the most simple evolutions is entirely wanting. Indeed, they have had no opportunity to receive any instruction, having been constantly engaged in the most active operations since the month of August last. Yet these raw countrymen have certainly gone through a campaign which would de credit to any force however perfect it it s composition, and I am told that all their hardships have been borne without a murmur.

I am not aware of what disposition it is intended to make of the command of General Floyd, but I certainly would recommend that, if it be not contemplated to remove it to any great distance, he be ordered to establish a winter camp of instruction not far from where he now is, Dublin Deport is not a good place, but the general has such a perfect acquaintance with that region of country that he could at once select a suitable place. I would recommend that the Thirteenth Georgian Regiment, Phillip's Legion, and the Twentieth Mississippi Regiment be ordered into a miler climate. The severe winters of Western Virginia will be fatal to those Southern men. The cavalry force might be reduced. I t will not be necessary to keep there more than four full companies for the winter. The artillery horses are in bad order-entirely unfit for service. The horses of the transport service are in the same condition. All the horses, therefore, should be turned out to winter with responsible farmers, who can be selected by the general. In thee spring, then, all these horses would be fit for service again. The wagons are in pretty good condition, but require repairs. The arms of the command are in good order, but in some of the regiments there is admixture is a mixture of rifles, flint locks, and percussion guns. This can be remedied when the time arrives for filling requisitions which have been already made. The clothing in some instanced is bad, but supplies are arriving daily, both from the publics stores and from private contributions. Medical supplies are deficient, and this has been the complaint through the campaign. The larger portion of the troops have not been paid for six months. A paymaster should be sent there at once. Many of the men have families who are really suffering for want support. The discipline of the command seems to be good. The general impression made upon me by this inspections is, that the men having just come from a most fatiguing campaign, and having suffered considerably from camp diseases, they are just at present in a somewhat enfeebled condition, but it is evident that they will improve by repose and the improvement in their in daily rations, and in a comparatively short period of time they will recover their usual healthy condition. With food instructions they could soon be made more apt in their evolutions. Without such minute instruction reliance must be placed as heretofore, upon their steady aim and good pluck.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Inspector-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, December 15, 1861.

Major R. L. T. BEALE, Camp Lee, near Hauge:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 10th instant. At the time the authority was given to the several Maryland captain to recruit for

