CONGRE^ION AL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RlYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong... 3d Skss.
Saturday, December s, 1842.
Volume 12> *-No. 1.
j [The Senate of the United States, in
| secret session, on the 30th of August, -
1842, passed the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the injunction of
; secrecy be removed from the British
treaty, the correspondence which ac-
, companied it, and all the proceedings
of the Senate thereon, embracing the
speeches and remarks of Senators, as
soon as the ratifications of the said trea-
ty shall have been exchanged, and it
shall have been proclaimed by the Pres-
ident of the United States.'-*
The ratifications of the treaty were
not exchanged in time for us to publish
the proceedings, correspondence, and
speeches thereon, in the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for the last session
of Congress, to which they properly
belong. Therefore, in order to preserve
these important papers, we shall pub-
lish them in our Congressional Globe
and Appendix for the coining session of
Congress. The proceedings and the
correspondence we shall publish in the
Congressional Globe. The speeches
made by the Senators in secret session
we shall publish in the Appendix, as
fast as they come to our hands. They
will all be contained, probably, in the
second, third, and fourth numbers of
the Appendix: the first number, and
part of the second, it is supposed, will
' be occupied by the President's annual
message to Congress, and the reports
of the several heads of departments,
which may accompany it.
We shall print between four and five
thousand surplus copies of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, lor the
purpose of furnishing complete copies
to all persons who may subscribe for
tliose works before the first day of Jan-
uary next.
We shall send to some of our friends
a copy of this number of the Congres-
sional Globe, with a Prospectus in it,
with the hope that they will obtain some
subscribers for us.—Editors Congres-
sion^t, Globe.]
PROCEEDINGS OP THE SENATE ON THE
BRITISH TREATY, IN SECRET SES-
SION.
, Thursday, August 11, 1842.
The message was read.
The treaty to settle and define the boundaries be-
tween the territories of the United States and the
possessions of her Britannic Majesty in North
America, for the final suppression of the African
slave-trade, and for the giving up of criminals fu-
gitive from justice, in certain cases, was read twice
by unanimous consent.
On motion by Mr. Rives,
Ordered, That the treaty, with the message and
accompanying documents, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and printed, in confi-
dence, for the use of the Senate.
Monday, August 15, 1842.
Mr. Rives, from the Committee on Forei^-Re"-
lations, to whom was referred, on the IMlfinstant,
the treaty with Great Britain, reported the same
without amendment.
On motion by Mr. Rivet.,
Ordered, That the said treaty be postponed to, and
made the order of the day for, Wednesday next, the
17th instant, at 1 o'clock.
Wednesday, August 17,1812.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in commit-
tee of the whole, the treaty with Great Britain; anil,
after debate,
On motion by Mr. Rives,
Ordeied, That it be postponed to, and made the
order of the day for, to-morrow, at half past eleven
o'clock.
Thursday, August 18, 1842.
Mr. Conrad submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish to the Senate all documents on file in the State
Department, connected with the liberation of cer-
tain slaves, the property of American citizens,
which were taken from the wreck of the schooner
Hcrmosa, near Abaco, were carried into Nassau,
and then liberated by the colonial authorities; also,
copies of any correspondence which may have
taken place on the subject of said slaves, between
the minister of the United States at the Court of St.
James, and the British Government.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to
consider the said resolution, and agreed thereto.
Otdcred, That the Secretary lay the said reso-
lution before the President of the United States.
The President pio tempore informed the Senate
that the Secretary, having laid before the Presi-
dent of the United States the resolution passed this
day, requesting the documents and correspondence
relative to the slaves on board the Hennosa, the
papets called for were forthwith delivered to him
byJhe Secretary of State, with a request tha1, as
they were originals, they might, at a proper time,
be returned to the department.
The Senate resumed, as in committee of the
whole, the consideration ot the treaty with Great
Biitain; and, alter debate,
On motion by Mr. King,
Ordered, That it be postponed to, and made the
ouler of the day for, to-morrow, at half-pa^ eleven
o'clock.
Friday, August 19, 1842.
The Senate resumed, as m committee of the
whole, the consideration of the treaty with Great
Britain; and, after debate, no amendment having
heen made, the treaty was reported to the Senate.
Mr. Wllliams submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, Thnt the treaty and d icumcnK now
under consideration be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, with instructions to report
a resolution," directing the President of the United
States to take immediate possession of the disputed
territory, and to report such contingent measure,;
as, in their opinion, may be necessary to maintain
the ius right of the nation
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to
consider the said resolution; and,
On the question to agree thereto.
It was determined in the negative—yeas navs
31.
On motion by Mr. Williams, (the yeas and'bays
being desired bv one-fifth of the Senators present,)
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Fulton, Linn, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Walker, Williams.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Beiiton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Choate, Clayton, Conrad,
Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dayton, Graham,
Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Porter, Preston, Rives, Smith of Indi-
ana, Tallmadge, Tappan, White, Woodbridge,
Woodbury, Young.
So the resolution was rejected.
On motion by Mr. Benton,
To strike out the eighth article from the treaty,
The question was stated—"Shall the eighth arti-
cle stand and, after debate,
__ .On mtftibn by Mr. Sevier,
The Senate adjourned.
Saturday, August 20, 1842.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
treaty with Great Britain; and, ,
The question recurring, "Shall the eighth arti-
cle stand as part of the treaty?" after debate,
It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 37,
nays 12.
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Calhoun, Choate, Clavton, Conrad, Crafts, Critten-
den, Dayton, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Kerr, King, Mangum, Merrick, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Phelps. Porter, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
Walker, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbridge,
Young.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Allen, Bagbv, Benton, Buchanan, Cuth-
bert, Linn, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Woodbury, Wright.
On motion by Mr. Benton,
To strike out of the first article of the treaty
the following words:
"To the outlet of the Lake Pohenagamook; thence
southwestwardly, in a straight line, to a point on
the northwest branch of the river St. John, which
point shall be ten miles distant from the main
branch of the St. John, in a straight line, and in
the nearest direction; but if the said point shall be
found to be less than seven miles from the nearest
point of the summit or crest of the highlands
that divide those rivers which empty themselves
into the river St. Lawrence from those which fall
into the river St. John, then the said point shall be
made to recede down the said northwest branch of
the river St. John, to a point seven miles, in a
straight line,from the saidsummitor crest; thencein
astraightline.in a course about south eight degrees
west, to the point where the parallel of latitude of
46° 25' north intersects the southwest branch of the
St. John; thence southerly, by the said branch, to the
source thereof in the highlands at the Metjarmette
portage."
After debate, on the question, Shall these words
stand as part of the first articled
It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 38,
nay II.
Those who votad in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berri-
en, Calhoun, Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dayton, Evans, Fulton, Gra-
ham, I ienderson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Preston, Rives, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Indi-
ana. Sprague, Tallmadge, Tappan, White, Wood-
bridge, Woodbury, and Wright.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Linn,
Smith of Connecticut,'Sturgeon, Walker, Wilcox,
Williams, and Young.
Mr. Benton submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the treaty and documents now un-
der consideration be recommitted to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, -jvith instructions to report
an amendment to the treaty, stipulating the right of
the vessels of the United States, driven by tempest
or carried by violence into any of the British West
India islands, to depart from the same with all their
