CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contents of persons and property, with all conve-
nient-despatch, and after receiving the hospitable
treatment due to misfortune.
After debate, on the question to agree thereto,
It was determined in the negative—yeas 11, nays
37.
Oil motion by Mr. Benton,
The yeas and nays being desired by one-fifth of
the Senators present,
Those who voted in the affirmative are-
Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Con-
rad, Linn, [Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Walk-
er, Williams, and Young.
Those who voted in the negative are-
Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Calhoun, Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Crittenden,
Cuthbert. Dayton, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston,
Rives, f evier, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, Tappan, White, Wilcox,
Woodbridge, and Woodbury.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. Benton submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the treaty and documents now
under consideration be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Eelations, with instructions to
report a resolution directing the President oi the
United States to take immediate possession of the
disputed territory up to the line designated by the
King of the Netherlands, and to maintain the
State of Maine in possession of the territory south
of that line.
After debate, on the question to agree thereto,
It was determined id' the negative—yeas 2, nays
37.
On motion by Mr,. Benton,
The yeas and nays being desired by one-fifth of
the Senators present,
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Benton, Sevier.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Calhoun,Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dayton, Evans, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston,
Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Tappan, White, Wilcox, Wood-
bridge.
So the resolution was rejected.
On motion by Mi. Tappan,
To strike out of the fifth article the following
words, viz:
"And further to pay and satisfy said States, re-
spectively, for all claims for expenses incurred by
them in piotccting 1 he said heretofore disputed ter-
ritory, and making a survey thereof, in 1838; the
Goyerjiuiem of the United States agreeing with
the States of Maine and Massachusetts to pay them
the further sum of three hundred thousand dol-
lars, m equal moieties, on account of their assent
to the line of boundary described in this treaty,
and in consideration of the conditions and equiva-
lents lecyived therefor from the Government of
her BlitanniC Majesty;"
After debate, on the question, " Shall these
words stand as part of the fifth article?'
It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 34,
nays 10.
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Calhoun, Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Cuthbert,
Dayton, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Kerr, King, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Sevier, Sim-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
White, Wilcox, Woodbridge, Young.
Those who voted m the negative are—
Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Con-
rad, Crittenden, Linn, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tappan.
Mo further amendment havingbeen proposed,
Ivlr. Rives submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, {two-thirds of the Senatoi s present con-
curring,) That the Senate advise and consent to
the ratification of the treaty to settle and define the
boundaries between the territories of the United
Statesand the possessions ofher Britannic Majesty
in Worth America, for the final suppression of the
African slave-trade, and for the giving up of
criminals fugitive from justice, in certain cases.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to
consider the said resolution.
On the question to agree thereto,
It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 39,
nays 9.
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Calhoun, Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Critten-
den. Cuthbert, Dayton, Evans, Fulton, Graham,
Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pres-
ton, Rives, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, White,
Woodbridge, Woodbury, Wright, Young.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Con-
rad, Linn, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Wil-
liams.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Ordered, That the Secretary lay the said resolu-
tion before the President of the "United States.
Tuesday, August 23, 1842.
Mr. Crittenden submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved by the Senate, That the injunction of
secrecy be removed as to the late treaty with Great
Britain, and the proceedings of the Senate there-
on; except only that this resolution shall not au-
thorize the publication of said treaty, or any amend-
ment proposed, or proceeding relating thereto, or
any speech made in the Senate on its consideration
and discussion.
After debate, on motion by Mr. W right,
Ordered, That the said resolution lie on the
table,
Wednesday, August 24,1842.
On motion by Mr. Conrad,
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate return
to the Department of State the original papers ob-
tained from that department, under the resolution
of the 18th instant, relating to the slaves that were
taken from the wreck of the schooner Hermosa,
and liberated by the British colonial authorities at
tt
Monday, August 29,1842.
Mr. Benton submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the injunction of secrecy be forth-
with removed from the treaty with Great Britain,
the correspondence which accompanied it, and the
proceedings thereon, including the speeches and
remarks of the Senators.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to
consider the said resolution.
On motion by Mr. Preston,
That the said resolution be referred to a select
committee to consider and report thereon,
It was determined in the negative.
On motion by Mr. Rives,
That the said resolution be amended by adding
thereto the following:
"As soon as the treaty shall have been proclaimed
by the President of the United States as having
been duly ratified by both parties.''
On motion by Mr. Barrow,
Ordered, That the said resolution lie on the
table.
Mr. Benton submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether any
conferences, written or oral, formal or infonpal,
took place between the American negotiator and
the late special ministerfrom Great Britain to the
United States, in relation to the payment, assump-
tion, or guarantee of the State debts by the United
Slates; and, if so, to communicate the same to the
Senate.
Tuesday, August 30,1842.
On motion by Mr. Benton,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by him yesterday, together
with the amen :ment proposed theneto by Mr. Rives;
and the amendment was rejected. •
On motion by Mr. Tallmadge,
That the resolution submitted by Mr. Benton lie
on the table,
It was determined in the negative— yeas 16, nays
19.
On motion by Mr. Allen,
The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of
the Senators present.
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Calhoun, Clay-
ton, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Miller, Phelps,
Porter, Rives, Sevier, Tallmadge, White, Wood-
bridge.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Bayard, Ben-
ton, Buchanan, Crafts. Crittenden, Cuthbert, Ful-
ton, Henderson, King, Linn, Mangum, Merrick,
Preston, Smith of Indiana, Tappan, Woodbury.
On motion by Mr. Conrad,
To amend the resotution submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton, by striking out all after the word "resolved,"
and inserting the following:
"That the. injunction of secrecy he removed from,
the proceedings and debates on the treaty with Great
Britain recently ratified by this body, as soon as the
ratification thereof by the British Gevernment s/uxU
have been communicated to the Executive
On motion by Mr. Tallmadge,
That the said resolution and proposed amend-
ment lie on the table,
It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 17,
nays 15.
On motion by Mr. Benton,
The yeas and nays being/leaired by one-fifth oi
the Senators present,
Those who voted in the affirmative are-
Messrs. Bates, Berrien, Calhoun, Clayton, Crafts,
Cuthbert, F.vans, Fulton, Graham, Huntington,
Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Tallmadge,
Woodbridge.
Those who voted in the negative are-
Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Buchan-
an, Crittenden, Henderson, King, Linn, Mangum,
Morehead, Smith of Indiana, Tappan, Walker,
Woodbury.
Mr. Buchanan submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the injunction of secrecy be re-
moved from the British treaty, the correspondence
which accompanied it, and all the proceedings of
the Senate thereon, embracing the speeches and re-
marks of Senators, as soon as the ratifications of
the said treaty shall have been exchanged, and it
shall have been proclaimed by the President of the
United Slates.
OFFICIAL PAPERS
Connected with the treaty of Washington.
MESSAGE
FROM THE PRESIDENT OF TH3 UNITED STATES,
Transmitting the treaty -with Great Britain to the
Senate of the United States.
To the Senate or the Uwited States:
I have the satisfaction to communicate to the Sen-
ate the results of the negotiations recently had in
this city with the British Minister special and ex-
traordinary.
These results comprise—
1st. A treaty to settle and define the boundaries
between the territories of the United States, and the
possessions of her Britannic Majesty in North Ame-
rica, for the suppression of the African slave-trade,
and the surrender of criminals fugitive from justice
in certain cases,
2d. A correspondence on the subject of the inter-
ference of the colonial authorities of the British
West Indies with American merchant vessels driven
by stress of weather, or carried by violence, into the
ports of those colonies.
3d. A correspondence upon the subject of the
attack and destruction of the steamboat Caroline,
4th. A correspondence on the subject of impress-
ment.
If this treaty shall receive the approbation of the
Senate, it will terminate a difference respecting boun-
dary which has long subsisted between the two Gov-
ernments, hae been the subject of several ineffectual
attempts at settlement, and has sometimes led to
great irritation, not without danger of disturbing the
existing peace. Both the United States, and the
States more immediately concerned, have entertain-
ed no doubt of the validity of the American title to
all the territory which has been in dispute; but that
title was controverted, and the Government of the
United States had agreed to make the dispute a sub-
ject of arbitration. One arbitration had been actu-
ally had, but had failed to settle the controversy; and
it was found, at the commencement of last year, that
a correspondence had been in progress between the
two Governments for a joint commission, with an
ultimate reference to an umpire or arbitrator, with
authority to make a final decision. That correspon-
