CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I have thought it most consistent with the honor
and dignity of the country that it should execute its
own laws, and perform its own obligations, by its
own means and its own power. The examination
or visitation of the merchant vessels of one nation
by the cruisers of another, for any purpose except
those known and acknowledged by the law of na-
tions, under whatever restraints or regulations it
may take place, may lead to dangerous results. It
is far better, by other means, to supersede any sup-
posed necessity, or any motive, for such examination
or visit. Interference with a merchant vessel by an
armed cruiser is always a delicate proceeding, apt
to touch the point of national honor, as well as to
affect the interests of individuals. It has been
thought, therefore, expedient, not only in accordance
with the stipulations of the treaty of Ghent, but at
the same time as removing all pretext on the part of
others for violating the immunities of the American
flag upon the seas, as they exist and are defined by
the law of nations, to enter into the articles now
submitted to the Senate.
The treaty which I now submit to you proposes no
alteration, mitigation, or modification of the>rules of
the law of nations. It provides simply that each of
the two Governments shall maintain, on the coast of
Africa, a sufficient squadron to enforce, separately
and respectively, the laws, rights, and obligations of
the two countries for the suppression of the slave-
trade.
Another consideration of great importance has rec-
ommended this mode of fulfilling the duties and
obligations of the country. Our commerce along the
western coast of Africa is extensive, and supposed to
be increasing. There is reason to think that, in many
cases, those engaged in it have met with interruptions
and annoyances, caused by the jealousy and instiga-
tion of rivals engaged in the same trade. Many com-
plaints on this subject have reached the Government.
A respectable naval force on the coast is the natural
resort and security against further occurrenccs of this
kind.
The surrender to justice of persons who, having
committed high crimes, seek an asylum in the territo-
ries of a neighboring nation, would seem to be an act
due to the cause of general justice, and properly be-
longing to the present state of civilization and inter-
course. The British provinces of North Aniericaare
separated from the States of the Union by a line, of
several thousand miles; and, along portions of this
line, the amount of population on either side is quite
considerable, while the passage of the boundary is
always easy.
Offenders against the law, on the one side, transfer
thenjselves to the other. Sometimes, with great dif-
ficulty, they are brought to justice; but very often
they wholly escape. A consciousness of immunity,
from the power of avoiding justice in this wav, insti-
gates the unprincipled and reckless to tfib commis-
sion of offences; and the peace and good neighbor-
hood of the border are consequently often disturbed.
In the case of offenders fleeing from Canada into
the United States, the Governors of States are often
applied to for their surrender; and questions of a very
embarrassing nature arise from these applications.
It has been thought highly important, therefore, to
provide for the whole ease, by a proper treaty stipula-
tion. The article on the subject in the proposed trea-
ty is carefully confined to such offences as all man-
kind agree to regard as heinous, and destructive of
the security of life and property. In this careful and
specific enumeration of crimes, the object has been
to exclude all political offences, or criminal charges,
arising from wars or intestine commotions. Treason,
misprision of treason, libels, desertion from military
service, and other offences of similar character, are
excluded.
And lest some unforeseen inconvenience or unex-
pected abuse should arise from the stipulation, ren-
dering its continuance, in the opinion of one or both
of the parties, not longer desirable, it is left in the
power of either to put an end to it at will.
The destruction of the steamboat Caroline at
Schlosser, four or five years ago, occasioned no small
degree of excitement at the time, and became the
subject of correspondence between the two Govern-
ments. That correspondence having been suspended
a (.onsidersbte period, was renewed in the spring j
of the last year; but, no satisfactory result having
been arrived at, it was thought proper, though the
occurrence had ceased to be fresh and recent, not
to omit attention to it on the present occasion.
It has only been so far discussed, in the correspon-
dence now submitted, as it was accomplished by a
violation of the territory of the United States. The
letter of the British minister, while he attempts to
justify that violation upon the ground of a pressing
and overruling necessity—admitting, nevertheless,
that, even if justifiable, an apology was due for it, and
accompanying this acknowledgment with assurances
of the sacred regard of his Government for the invio-
lability of national territory—has seemed to me suffi-
cient to warrant forbearance from any further re-
monstrance against what took place, as an aggres-
sion, on the sod and territory of the country.
On the subject of the interference o£ the British
authorities in the West Indies, a confidenthope is en-
tertained that the correspondence which has taken
place, showing the grounds taken by this Govern-
ment, and the engagements entered into by the Brit-
ish minister, will be found such as to satisfy the
just expectation of the people of the United States.
The impressment of seamen from merchant vessels
of this country by British cruisers, although not
practised in time of peace, (and, therefore, not
at present a productive cause of difference and ir-
ritation,) has, nevertheless, hitherto been so promi-
nent a topic of controversy, and is so likely to bring
on renewed contentions at the first breaking out of
an European war, that it has been thought the part of
wisdom now to take it into serious and earnest con-
sideration. The letter from the Secretary of State
to the British minister explains the ground which
the Government has assumed, and the principles
which it means to uphold. For the defence of these
grounds, and the maintenance of these principles,
the most perfect reliance is placed on the intelli-
gence of the American people, and on their firmness
and patriotism -in whatever touches the honor of the
country, or its great and essential interests.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, August 11, 1842.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH THE BRITISH
SPECIAL MISSION.
.northeastern and northwestern boundary.
Lord Ashburton to Mr, Wchslcr.
Washington, June 13, 184'3.
Sir: On considering the most effectual mode of
proceeding to arrive at an amicable and satisfactory
termination of the long-continued controversy re-
specting the Noitheastern boundary between the
British colony of New Brunswick and the State of
Maine, I believe that I may confidently couciude,
Irom what has passed in the preliminary confer-
ences which I have had the honor of holding with
you, that we concur in the opinion, that no advan-
tage would be gained by reverting to the intermi-
nable discussion on the general grounds on which
each party considers their claims respectively to
rest. In the course of the many years that this dis-
cussion has lasted, every argument, on either side
is apparently exhausted, and that without any ap-
proach to an agreement. The present attempt,
theiefore, of a settlement, must rest, for its success'
not on the renewal -of a controversy, but on pro-
ceeding on the presumption that, all "means of a re-
ciprocal conviction having failed as also the exper-
iment of calling in the aid of a friendly arbiter and
umpire, there remains only the alternative of a
compromise for the solution of this otherwise ap-
parently insurmountable difficulty; unless, indeed
it were determined to try a second arbitration, at-
tended by its delay, trouble, and expense, in defiance
of'past experience as to the probability of any more
satisfactory results.
It is undoubtedly true, that, should our present
attempt unfortunately fail, there might remain no
other alternative but a second reference; yet when
1 consider all the difficulty and uncertainty attend-
ing it, I trust that all parties interested will come to
the conclusion, that the very intricate details con-
nected with the case must be better known and
judged by our two Governments than any diligence
can make them to be by any third party, and that a
sincere candid disposition to give reciprocally fair
weight to the arguments on either side is Hkelv to
lead us to a more satisfactory settlement than an
engagement to abide by the unceitain award of a
less competent tribunal. The very friendly and
cordial reception given by you, sir, as well as by
all the authorities of your Government, to the as-
surance that my mission here, by my Sovereign,
has been determined by an unfeigned desire to set-
tle this and all other questions of difference between
us, on principles of conciliation and justice, forbid
me to anticipate the possibility of the failure of our
endeavors applied with sincerity to this purpose.
With this view of the case, therefore, although
not unprepared to enter into the general argument,
1 abstain from so doing from the conviction that
an amicable settlement of this vexed question, so
generally desired, will be thereby best promoted.
But, at the same time, some opinions have been in-
dustriously emitted throughout this controversy,
and in some instances by persons in authority, of
a description so much calculated to mislead the
public mind, that I think it may be of service to of-
fer a few observations.
I do not, of course, complain of fthe earnest ad-
herence of partisans on either side to the general
arguments on which their case is supposed to rest;
but a position has been taken, and facts have been
repeatedly stated, which I am sure the authorities
of the Federal Government will be abundantly able
to contradict, but which have evidently given rise
to much public misapprehension. It is maintained
that the whole of this controversy about the bound-
ary began in 1814; that up to that period the line as
claimed byMainewas undispuied byGreat Britain;
and that the claim was avowedly founded on mo-
tives of interest, to obtain the means of conveniently
connecting the Briiish provinces. I confine these
remarks to the refuting thisimputation; and I should,
indeed, not have entered upon controversy, even on
this, if it did not appear to me to involve, in some
degree, a question of national sincerity and good
faith.
The assertion isfounded on the discussions which
preceded the treaty of peace signed at Ghent in
1814. It is perfectly true that a proposal was
submitted by the British plenipotentiaries for the
revision of the boundary line on the Northeastern
frontier, and that it was founded on the position that
it was desired to sccurc the communication be-
tween the provinces, the precise delimitation of
which was at that time imperfectly known. The
American plenipotentiaries, in their first communi-
cation from Ghent to the Secretary of State, admit
that the British ministers expressly disclaimed any
intention of acquiring an increase of territory, and
that they proposed the revision for the purpose of
preventing uncertainty and dispute—a purpose suf-
ficiently justified by subsequent events. Again, in
their note of the 4th of September, 1814, the British
ministers remind those from America that the
boundary had never been ascertained, and that the
line claimed by America, which interrupted the
communication between Halifax andttuebec, never
could have been in the contemplation of the par-
ties to the treaty of peace of 1783. The same view
of the case will be found to pervade all the commu-
nications between the plenipotentiaries of the two
countries at Ghent. There was no attempt to press
any cession of territory on the ground of policy or
expediency; but, although the pieeise geography of
the country was then imperfectly known, it was no-
torious at the time that different opinions existed as
to the boundary likely to result from continuing the
north line from the head of the river St. Croix.
This appears to have been so clearly known and
admitted by the American plenipotentiaries, that
they, in submitting to the conference the project of
a treaty, offer a preamble to their 4th article, in these
words: "Whereas, neither thai part of the highlands
lying due north from the source of the river St.
Croix, and designated in the former treaty of peace
between the two powers, as the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia, nor the northwes'ernmost head of the
Connecticut river, has yet been ascertained," &c.
It should here be observed that these are the words
proposed—not by the British, but by the American
negotiators; and that thev were finally adopted bv
both in the fifth article of "the treaty.
To close my observations upon what passed on
this subject at Ghent, I would draw your attention.
to the letter of Mr. Gallatin, one of the American
plenipotentiaries, to Mr. Secretary Monroe, of the
25th of Decembei, 1814. He offers the following
conjecture as to what might probably be the argu-
ments of Great Britain against the lines set up by
America- "They hope that the rivey which empties
