CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with the commerce of that country, what can be
done to give it the greatest possible freedom and
extent, without trenching too much on the fiscal
regulations of the two countries. Bui, inthe mean
time, in order to meet at once the urgent wants
and wishes of Maine in this respect, I would en-
gage that, on the final settlement of these differ-
ences, all lumber and produce of the forest of the
tributary waters of the St. John shall be leceived
freely without duty, and dealt with in every re
spect like the fame articles of New Brunswick 1
cannot now say positively whether I maybe able
to go further; but this seems to me what is princi-
pally required. Suggestions have at times been
thrown out, of making the port and river ofSt. John
free to the two countries; but I think you will be
sensible that this could not be done without some
reciprocity for the trade of St. John in poits of the
United States; and that, in endeavoring to regulate
this, we should be embarking in an intricate ques-
tion, much and often discussed between the two
countries. It cannot also fail to occur to you, that
joint rights in the same harbors and waters must
be a fruitful souiee of dissension, and that it be-
hooves us to be careful not to sow the seeds of fu-
ture differences in the settlement of those of our
own day.
I have now stated, as I was desired to do, my
views of the terms on which it appears to me that
this settlement may be made. It must be sufficiently
evident that I have not treated the subject in the or-
dinary form of a bargain, where the party making
the proposal leaves himself something to give np.
The case would not admit of this, even if I could
bring myself so to act. It would have been useless
for me to ask what I know could not be yielded;
and I can unfeignedly say that, even if your vigi-
lance did not forbid me to expect to gain any un-
due advantage over you, I should have 110-wish to
do so. The treaty we have to make wilt be sub-
jected to the scrutiny of a jeatous and criticising
public; and it would ill answer its main purpose of
producing and perpetuating harmony and good
will, if its provisions were not considered by good
and reasonable men to make a just and equitable,
settlement of this long-continued controversy.
Permit me, sir, to conclude with the assurance
of my distinguished consideration,
ASIIBURTON.
Hon. uanif.r, Webstkr,
&c., &c., &c,,
I\T/. 1! Vjsler lo Lord Ashl/it? Ion.
Department or State,
Washington, July 8, 18-H.
My Lord: Your notes of the 13th and 21st of
June were duly received.
In the first of these you correctly say that, in our
conferences on the boundary question, we have
both been of opinion that no advantage would be
gained by resorting at this time to the discussion at
length of the grounds on which each party con-
siders its claim of right to rest. At the same time,
you deem it expedient, nevertheless, to offer some
observations calculated, in your judgment, to repel
a supposed allegation, or suggestion, that this con-
troversy only began in 1814; that, up to that period,
the American claim was undisputed; and that the
English claim, as now set forth, is founded merely
in motives of interest. Nothing is more natural
than that your Lordship should desire to repel an
imputation which would impeach the sincerity and
good faith of your Government, and all the weight
which justice and candor ntquire is given to your
Lordship's observations in this respect. It is not
my purpose, nor do I conceive it pertinent to the
occasion, to go into any consideration of the facts
and reasonings presented by you, to show the good
faith and sincerity of England in the claim assorted
by her. Any such discussion would be a departure
from the question oi right now subsisting between
the two Governments, and would be more especially
unfit for an occasion in which the parties ate ap-
proaching ea.cn other in a friendly spirit, with the
nope of terminating the controversy by agreement.
Following your Lordthip's example, however, I
must be permitted to say that few questions have
ever arisen under this Government in regaul to
which a stronger or mote general conviction was
felt that the country was in the right, than this ques-
tion of the Northeastern boundary. To say nothing-
of the sentiments of the Governments and people
of the States more directly interested, whose opin-
ions may be supposed capable of bias, both Houses
of Congress, after full and repeated consideration
have affirmed the validity of the American claim,
by a unanimity experienced on very few other sub-
jects; and the general judgment of the whole people
seem.s to be the same way. Abstaining from all
historical fcicts, all contemporaneous expositions,
and all external arguments and circumstances, I
will venture to present to your Lordship a very
condensed view of the reasons which produce in
this country the conviction that a boundary line
may be ascertained, run, and delineated with pre-
cision, under and according to the words'of the
stipula-ion in the treaty of 1783; that no doubt can
be raised by any part of that stipulation, which other
parts of it do hot remove or explain; and that a
line so run would include all that the United States
claim. This view is presented by a series of short
propositions.
1. The northwest angle of Nova Scotia is the
thing to be sought for and found.
2. That angle is to be ascertained by running a
line due north from the source oft'he St. Croix river
till that line reaches the highlands; and where such
north line intersects the highlands, there is the
angle; and thence the line is to run along the said
highlands; which said highlands divide those river.s.
which empty themselves into the river St.Lawri3ice
from those that fall into the AtlaatiCocean. The
angle required, therefore,- is an angle made by the
intersection of a due-north line with highlands,
from one slope of which the rivers empty themselves
into the river St. Lawrence, and from the other into
the Atlantic ocean.
3. Supposing it to be matter of doubt whether the
St. John and the Kistigouch are nvers falling into
the Atlantic ocean, in the sense of the treaty,
then the rule of just interpretation is, that if one ele-
ment or one part in the description be uncertain, it
is to be explained by others which are certain, if
there be such others. Now, there is no doubt as' to
the rivers which fall into the St. Lawrence. They
are certain; and to their sources the north line is to
run, since at their sources the highlands required
by the treaty do certainly exist. And departing,
for a moment, from the rule just prescribed to my-
self, I will remind your Lordship that the joint com-
missioners and agents of the two Governments in
1817, in giving the surveyors instructions Tor find-
ing these highlands, directed them, in terms, to pro-
ceed upon a"due-nortli line "till they should arrive
at some one of the streams connected with the river
St. Lawrence;" and then to explore the highlands
from that point to the northweslernmo-t head of
Connecticut river. It is indisputable that a line
run according to these instructions, thus given by
the commissioners andagents ofboth Governments,
would give to the United States all that they have
at any time claimed.
4. 'It is certain that, by the treaty, the eastern
boundary of the United States, from the head of the
St. Croix, is to be a due-north and south line. And
it is equally certain that this line is to run north
till it reaches highlands, from whose northern
watershed the rivers flow into the river St. Law-
rence.
5. These two things being—one mathematically,
and the other physically—certain in themselves, and
capable of being precisely marked and delineated,
explain or control the uncertainty, if there be uncer-
tainty, in the other part or element of the descrip-
tion.
C. The British argument, assuming that the Bay
of Ftmdy, and more especially the Bay of Chaleurs,
are not the Atlantic ocean, within the meaning of
the treaty, insists that the rivers flowing into these
bays are not, therefore, in the sense of the treaty,
rivers falling into the Atlantic; and therefore the'
highlands to which the United States claim have
not that southern or eastern watershed which the
treaty calls for; and as it is agreed, nevertheless,
that we must somewhere find highlands, and go to
them, whose northern waters run into the St. Law-
rence, the conclusion is, that the different parts of
the description in the treaty donot cohere, and that
therefore, the treaty cannot be executed.
7. Our answer to this, as is obvious from what
has already been said, istwofold.
First. What may be doubtful in itself, may be
made certain by other things which are certain;
and inasmuch as the treaty does certainly demand
a due-north line, and does certainly demand the
extension of that line to highlands from whose
northern sides the rivers flow mto the river St.
Lawrence, thence two clear requirements make n
plain that the parlies to the treaty considered, in
fact, the rivers flowing from the south or east of
the said highlands to be rivers fallinp into the At-
lantic ocean; because they have placed -.he St. Law-
rence rivers and the Atlantic rivers in contradis-
tinction to each other, as rivers running in oppo-
nosite directions, but with their sources m the same
highlands. Rivers fed from these highland foun-
tains, running north or northwest, are rivers
emptying themselves into the St. Lawrence; and
rivers arising from the same fountains, and run-
ning in an opposite direction, seem to be as clearly
meant to be designated by the character of AtlanUr-
rivers. And, as strongly corroborating ibis view
of the subject, allow me to call your Lordship's at-
tention to two facts.
1. The coast of the Atlantic ocean, from Penob-
scot river northeasterly, and the western shore of .
the Bay of Fnndy, (which is but a continuation of
the coast, and is in a line with it,) js very nearly
parallel to the course of the river gt. Lawrence
through the same latitudes. This is obvious from
the map.
2. The rivers which, from their sources in the
same ridge, flow respectively into the St. La>v-
rencejxi^-intothe Bay of Pundy, and even into
-the Say of Chaleurs, run with remarkable unformi-
ty in directions almost exactly opposite, as if
hastening away from a common origin to their
different destinations by the shortest course. The
only considerable exception to this, is the northern
sweep of the tipper part of the St. John; but the
smaller streams flowing into this part of that river
from the west still strictly obey the general rule.
Now if, from a certain general line on the face
of the country, or as delineated on the map, rivers
are found flowing away in opposite -directions,
however strongly it may be asserted that the
mountains or eminences are but isolated eleva-
tions, it is nevertheless absolutely certain that such
a line does in fact define a ridge of highlands
which turns the -waters both ways.
And, as the commissioners in 1783 had the map
before them, as they saw the parallelism of the sra-
eoast and the course ot the St. Lawrence; as they
saw rivers rising from a common line, and running
some north or northwest, the others south or south-
east; and as they speak of some of these rivers as
emptying themselves iuto the ri"cr St. Lawrence,
and of the others falling into the Atlantic ocean;
and as Ihey make no third class,—is there a reasona-
ble doubt in which class they intended to compre-
hend all the rivers running in a direction from
the St. Lawrence, whether falling immediately, or
only ultimately, into the Atlantic oceanl
If there be nothing incoherent or inconsequen-
tial in this chain of remarks, it will satisfy your
Lordship, I trust, that it is not without reason that
American opinion has settled firmly in the con-
viction of the rights of the American side of the
question; and I forbear from going into the con-
sideration of the mass of other arguments and
proofs, for the same reasons which restrain your
Lordship from entering into an extended discussion
of the question, as well as because your Lordship
will have an opportunity of perusing a paper ad-
dressed to me by the commissioners of Maine,
which strongly presents the subject on other
grounds and in other lights.
I am now to consider your Lordship's note of Ihe
21st June. Before entering upon ftiis, T have the
President's instructions to say that he fully appre-
ciates the motives which tinduced your Lordship,
personally, to undertake your present mission; thai
he is quite aware that your public life has been dis-
tinguished by efforts to maintain peace and har-
mony between the two countries; that he quite u ell
recollects that your exertions \vere employed to
prevent the late war, and that he doubts not the sin-
cerity of your declaration that nothing could have
drawn you from your retirement, and induced von
to engage in your present undertaking, bur the hope
of being of service to your country, ami to our
common race. And I have the utmost pleasure,
my Lord, in acknowledging the frankness, candor,
and plain dealing, which have characterized your
official intercourse with this Government; nor aro
I permitted or inclined to entertain any doubt of
your Lordship's entire conviction, as expressed bv
yourself, as to the merits of this controversy and
the difficulties of the case The question before
us is, whether these confident opinions, on both
sides, of the rightful nature and just strength ot
our respective claims, will permit us, while a lie-
sire to preserve harmony, and a disposition to yield
liberally to mutual convenience, so strongly incite
