&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tis/to come together and to unite on a line by agree-
ment.
It appears to be your Lordship's opinion that the
line ,01 the St. John, from the point where the
norinline from the St. Croix strikes that river, up
to some one of jis sources, evidently suits both
parties—with an exception, however, of that part of
the Madawaska settlement which is on the south
Side Of the St. John, which you propose should
be included within the British territory. That, as
a line by agreement, the St. John for some distance
upwards from its intersection by the line running
north from the St. Croix, would be a very conve-
nient boundary for the two parties, is readily admit-
ted; but it is a very important question how far up,
and to which of the sources of this river, this line
should extend. Above Madawaska the course of
the river turns to the south, and, stretching away to-
wards the soufces of the Penobscot, leaves far to
the north the tone of communication between New
Brunswick and Canada. That line departs from
the St. John altogether near Madawaska, and, keep-
ing principally upon the left or north bank of the
Madawaska, and proceeding by way of the Temis-
couata lake, reaches the St. Lawrence at the mouth
, of the river du Lonp.
There are, then, two important subjecls for con-
sideration.
First. Whether the United States can agree to
cede, relinquish, or cease to claim, any part of the
territory west of the north line from the St. Croix
and south of the St. John. And I think it but
candid to say, at once, that we see insurmountable
objections to admitting the line to come south of
the river. Y'our Lordship's observations upon the
propriety ot preserving the unity of the Madawas-
ka settlement are, in a great measure, just, and
altogether founded, I doubt not, in entirely good
motives. They savor of humanity and a kind
regard to the interests and feelings of individuals.
But the diiftculties seem insuperable. The river,
as your Lordship remarks, seemsa natural bounda-
ry, and, in this part of it, to run in a convenient
direction. It is a line always clear and indispu-
table. If we depart from it, where shall we find
another boundary equally natural, equally clear,
and conforming to the same general course? A
departure from the line of the river, moreover,
would open new questions about equivalents, which
it would probably be found impracticable to settle.
If your Lordship were at liberty, (as I understand
you not to be,) to cede the whole or a part of the ter-
ritory, commonly called the strip, lying east of the
north line, and west of the St. John, considera-
tions might be found in such a cession, possibly for
some new demarcation west of the north line and
south of the river; but, in the present posture of
things, I cannot hold out the expectation to your
Lordship !hat anything south of the river can .be
yielded.
And, perhaps, the inconvenience to the settlers
on the southern bank, of making the river the
boundary, are less considerable than your Lordahip
supposes. These settlers are scattered ^along a
considerable extent, very likely soon to connect
themsslves with whomsoever may comc to live near
them; and though of different origin, and some dif-
ference of religion, not likely, on the whole, to be
greatly dissimilar Jrom other borderers occupying
the neighboring territory, their rights of property
would, of course, be all preserved, both of inheri-
tance and alienation; and if some of them should
choose to retain the social and political relations
under which they now arc, their removal, for that
purpose, to the north bank, drawing after it no
loss of property, or of means of subsistence, would
not be a great hardship. Your Lordship suggests
the inconvenienee'of dividing a municipality by a
line of national boundary; and certainly there is
force in the observation; but if, departing from the
river, we were to establish, to the south of if, an
artificial line upon the land, there might be points
on such line at which people would live in num-
bers on both sides; and a more mathematical line
might thus divide villages, while it divided na-
tions. The experience of the world, and our own
experience, show the propriety of making rivers
boundaries whenever their courses suit ihe gene-
ral object; for the same reason that, in of her cases
to which they are applicable, mountain ranges, or
ridges of highlands, are adopted for the same pur-
pose; these last being, perhaps, still more conve-
nient lines of division than rivers, being equally
clear and prominent objects, and the population of
neighboring countries bordering on a mountain
line of separation being usually thin and incon-
siderable on either side. Rivers and inland waters
constitute the boundary between the United States
and the territories of her Majesty for some thou-
sands of miles westward from the place where the
45th degree of north latitude intersects the St. Law-
rence; and along this line, though occasional irregu-
larities and outbreaks have taken place, (always by
the agency and instigation of agitators and lawless
men, friends of neither country,) yet it is clear that
no better demarcation of limits could be made.
And at the northeast, along the space through
which tke St. Croix constitutes the line of separa-
tion, controversies and conflicts are not heard of;
but similariiy of language, character, and pursuits,
and mutual respect for the rights of each other,
preserve the general peace.
Upon the whole, my Lord, feeling that there may
be inconvenience, and perhaps a small degree of
hardship, I yet cannot admit that there is any
cruelty in separating the Madawaska settlers south
of the St. John, so far as political relations are
concerned, from their neighbors on the north of
that river. In the present state of society and of
peace which exists between the two countries, the
severance of political relations needs not to dis-
turb social and family intercourse; while high con-
siderations, affecting'both the present and the fu-
ture, seem to me to require that, following natural
indications, we adhere to the St. John, in this part
of its course, as the line of division.
The next question is, liowfarupwardthis bound-
ary ought to be observed, and along which of its
branches. This question would be easily settled, if
what may be called the main branch of the river,
in this part of it, differing from the general char-
acter of rivers in this region of country, did not
make a sudden turn. But if we consider the main
branch of Ihe St. John—that which has been re-
cently usually so denominated—your Lordship ob-
serves thai, near the mouth of the Madawaska, it
turns almost at right angles, and pushes its sources
toward those of the Penobscot. Contiguity and
compactness of territory can hardly be preserved
by following a stream which makps not occa-
sional windings, but at once so great a deflection
from its previous coursc. The Madawaska is
one of its branches, or principal sources, and, as
the map shows, is verv much a continuance of the
line of the principal river Irom the Great Fallsup-
ward. Thenatuial course would, therefore, seem
to be to continue along this branch.
We understand, and, indeed, collect from your
Lordship's note, that, with whatever opinion of
her right to the disputed territoiy, England, in as-
serting it, has principally in view fo maintain, on
her own soil, her accustomed line of communica-
tion between Canada and New Brunswick. We
acknowledge the general justice and propriety of
tins object; and agree at once (hat, with suitable
equivalents, a conventional line ought to be such
as to secure it to England. The question, there-
fore, simply is, what line will secure it'?
The common communication between the prov-
inces follows the course of the St. John from the
Great Falls to the mouth of the Madawaska, and
then,not turning away to the south with the course
of the main stream, identifies itselfwith that of the
Madawaska, going along with it to the Temis-
couata lakes, thence along those lakes, and so
across the highlands, to streams running 'into the
St. Lawrence. And this line of communication
we are willing to agree shall hereafter be within
acknowledged British territory, upon .such condi-
tions and considerations as may be assented to.
The Madawaska and the forementioned lakes
might convenientlv- constitute the boundary. But
I believe it is true that, in some part of the dis-
tance, above the mouth of the Madawaska it
has been found convenient to establish the course
of communication on the south bank of that
river. This consideration inav be important
enough to justify a departure from what "would
otherwise be desirable, and the running of the
line at some distance south of the Madawaska
observing natural monuments where it may be'
practicable, and thus leaving the whole valley ol
the Madawaska on the British side.
„ The United State®, therefore, upon the adjust-
ment of proper equivalents, would not object to a
line of boundaiy which should begin at the middle
of the main channel of the river "St. John where
that river is intersected by a due-north line ex-
tended from the source of the St. Croix; thence pro-
ceeding westerly, by the middle of the main chan-
nel of that river, to a point three miles westerly of
the mouth of the Madawaska; thence by a straight
line to the outlet of Long Lake; thence westerly by
a direct line, to the point where the r lver St. Francis
empties itself into the lake called Pohenagomook;
thence continuing in the same direct line to the
highlands which divide the waters falling into the
river du Loup from those which fall into the river
St. Francis. Having thus arrived at the high-
lands, I shall be ready to confer on the correct man-
ner of following them to the northwesternmost
head of the Connecticut river.
Such a line as has been now described would se-
cure to England a free intercourse between Canada
and New Brunswick; and, with the navigation of
the St. John yielded to the United States, would
appear to meet the wants of all parties. Your Lord-
ship's proposition in regard to the navigation is re-
ceived as just, and as constituting, so far as it may
go, a natural equivalent. Probably the use of the
river for the transportation of the products of the
forest, grown on the American side of the line,
wouldbe equally advantageous to both parties; and,
therefore, in granting it, no sacrifice of British in-
terest would be incurred. A conviction of this, to-
gether with their confidence in the validity of their
own claim, is very likely to lead the two States im-
mediately concerned to consider their relinquish-
ment of the lands north of the line much in the
light of a mere cession. It need not be denied that,
to secure this privilege, and to have a right to enjoy
it, free from tax, toll, or other liability or inability,
is an object of considerable importance to the peo-
ple of Maine.
Your Lordship intimates that, as a part of the
general arrangement of boundaries, England would
be willing to surrender to the United States Rouse's
Point, and all the territory heretofore supposed to
be within the boundaries of New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, and New Vork, but which a correct ascer-
tainment of the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude
shows to be included within the British line. This
concession is, no doubt, of some value. If made
its benefits would enure partly to these three States^
and partly to the United States, and none of it to
the particular interests of Maine and Massachusetts.
If regarded, therefore, as a part of the equivalent
for the manner of adjusting the Noriheastern
boundary, these two last-mentioned States would,
perhans, expect that the value, if it could be ascer-
tained, should be paid to them. On this point fur-
ther consideration may be nccessary.
If, m other respects, we should be able to agree
on a boundary, the points which you refer to, con-
nected with the ascertainment of the head of the
Connecticut, will be attended to; and Captain Tal-
cott, who made the exploration in that quarter, will
he ready to communicate th? result of his observa-
tions.
I have the honor to be, with distinguished consid-
eration, voui obedient servant,
DANL. WEBSTER.
Lord Ashbu&ton, &c., &c., &c.
Lord AMiirlonio Mi. Webster.
Washington, July 11, 1842.
Sir: I lose no time in acknowledging the receipt
of the note you diu me the honor of addressing me
on the 8th Inst.; and I beg, in the first place, to sav
that I am duly sensible of the assurance you give
me that the President has been pleased to appreci-
ate the motives which induced my present mission
and am much flattered by your recognition of the
candor and frankness which have hitheito marked
our intercourse.
I had hoped that we had escaped, by mutual con-
sent, trom a return to the endless and fruitless ar-
gument on the general question of the riehts of our
respective Governments in the matter of the North-
eastern boundary.
It seemed to have been decided by so many hi°h
and competent authorities that the precise geograph-
ical point, so long looked for, was not to be found
that it necessarily followed that any hope of settle-
ment must rest upon an amicable compromise.
The arrival here of commissioners from Maine
and Massachusetts, and the admitted disposition of
the two Governments, have given the public a very
general expectation that this compromise mi°ht at
last be effected; and I hope you will excuse my ex-
piessing my regret that the note now before roe
and the paper from the gentlemen from Maine ad-
dressed to you, which accompanied it, should have
contained s0 much of a renewal of the old contro-
versy, and should not have been confined to the
