CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§
simple question whether we could or could not
agree to terms of settlement. If the observations
contained in my note of the 13th ultimo have
given rise to these consequences, 1 much regret it;
and I would now pass over all these more than
useless discussions, and proceed at once to notice
the proposals you make, if I were not apprehensive
that my so doing might be construed into some
want of respect for the parties from whom these
observations have proceeded.
I will, however, endeavor to bring within a nar-
row compass what I have to say on the subject; and
the more so, because, with all deference to you, sir,
t may add, that there is little in these arguments
that is new, or that has not been often advanced
and refuted during the many past years of contro-
versy.
I should except from this want of novelty the
position, to me entirely new, advanced by the com-
missioners from Maine—that the northwest angle
of Nova Scotia, (which is, as you express it, "the
thing to be sought for and found,") was at the head
of the Madawaska river; which river, it is main-
tained by a long argument, supported by authori-
ties and maps, was always considered as the real
St. John; and this is stated to justify the opinion ex-
pressed by the old Congress, in 1*79, that this north-
west angle was at the source of the St. Jolim
Giving all possible consideration to this appar-
ently new discovery, I cannot say that it appears
well founded. Looking at Mitchell's map, (the use
of which by the negotiators of the peace of 1783
has been always so much relied upon on the part
of America,) there is nothing more clearly marked
than the great distinct channel of the upper St. John;
and it seems hardly possible that the negotiators or
the Congress should have made the supposed mis-
take.
But, supposing this hypothesis were well found-
ed, the Temisconata lake is, then, now to be this
long lost angle of Nova Scotia. What becomes,
then, of the point so long contended for by Maine,
between the Metis and one of the tributaries of the
Ristagouchel These points must be* about fifty
miles apart. Both cannot be true; and if it be main-
tained (as I rather collect it to be, from the paper of
the Maine commissioners) that the point at the Me-
tis is the true boundary, as being the point stricken
by the north line, though the other be the true north-
west angle of Nova Sco'ia, there is at least an end
of the whole argument, resting upon this northwest
angle being, as stated by you, "the thing to be
sought for and found."
If this new discovery )cad-> us to no otiiei infer-
ence, we can haully fail to derive from it the con-
viction that all the ingenuity applied to unravel
this mystery leaves us equally in the dark; and
that it is not without reason that it has been de-
cided by sd many persons, after careful examina-
tion, that this boundary is not susceptible of settle-
ment according to the precise words of the treaty.
This decision has been coine to bv Mr. Madison,
in 18(K; by Mr. Jefferson, in 1803; by Judge Sullivan,
about the same time; by the arbiter, in 1KSI; and it
has been acted upon by nearly every Secretary of
State of the United States during the controversy,
from that time to this, for although, in a case in
dispute, each party, during the dispute, endeavois
to hold his own, I am not aware that any Secretary
of State, or any President ot the United States, has
ever treated this subject otherwise than as one at-
tended by that degree of uncertainty that it could
only be solved by an arbiter, or by a compromise.
I would appeal to your candor, sir, to say whether,
at this time, and under these circumstances, it is
fair to speak of this disputed ten itory as belonging
indisputably to one party, and to be yielded by way
of concession, and for equivalents, to the other.
Any convention I may sign must be for n division
of that which is in doubt and dispute. With any
arrangements between the State of Maine and the
General Government, I have nothing to do; and if
(which God forbid1) our endeavois at an amicable
compromise should at last fail, I must hold that
Great Britain retains her right, at least equal to
that.,of the United States, to every part of the terri-
tory in dispute, until, by a renewed refeicnee, or
by the skill of some, more fortunate negotiator, this
difference may be brought to a close,
I have now onlj' to add a tew observations upon
the arguments contained in your own note.
Some stress is laid upon the fact that the joint
commissioners of the two Governments in 1817
directed the surveyors to run the north line from
the St. Croix until it met waters running into the
St. Lawrence. The lines to be run were to ascer-
tain the geographical facts of the ease. No pro-
ceeding could be more proper. The claims of the
two parties varied; and it was natural that, in the
first instance, aline should be rur, north to the ex-
tent claimed by either party; where that line would
reach, and what highlands or streams it might
strike, was unknown; so much so, that Mr. Gallaim,
in his letter from Ghent, mentioned in my note
of the 13th ultimo, expressed his doubts on this
subject. His prediction turned out to be true. The
point where the line strikes the Metis was a point
not fulfilling the words of the treaty. It did not
divide the waters as desired, unless tKe bay of Cha-
leurs and the gulf of St. Lawrence are considered
to answer thfi description of the Atlantic ocean.
Mr. Gallatin was sensible of this, and intimates
that, if this fact created doubt, the lands about the
Ristagouche might be given up. But he forgets that,
in giving up this territory, he gives up his argu-
ment; for he maintains, in opposition to the British
line of boundary, that it does not continuously and
in nil Us parts divide the waters as required by the
treaty. The American line was in this respect
equally deficient; and it is useless, therefore, here
to consider whether it would have been preferable .
to the British line, if it had divided the..w «rs of
the St. Lawrence from those *<rf- the St. John.
To make even a plausible case for the American
line, both the St-John and the Ristagouche must
be held to be rivers emptying into the Atlantic
ocean. The royal arbiter says it would be hazard-
ous so to class them. I believe that, whatever ar-
gument might be made in the case of the St. John,
connected with the distinctions with which it was
mentioned in the treaty, to consider the Ristagouche
as flowing into the Atlantic ocean would be more
than hazardous—it would be most absurd.
At all events, I would submit to you that no in-
ference could be drawn from the commissioners in
1817 having ordered a north line to be run; the
same commissioners, after drawing the lino, hav-
ing disagreed as to any conclusions from it.
I am rather surprised that an inspection of the
map should lead ns to such different views of the
course of the rivers and of the coast, as stated by
you. I find that the upper St. John and the Rista-
gouche, so far from cutting at light angles the par-
allel lines of the coast and the St. Lawrence, as
you say, run in their mam course nearly parallel
with them. I am not awatethat the fact is import-
ant, although it seems connected with your argu-
ment.
My inspection of these maps, and my examina-
tion of the documents, lead me to a very strong con-
viction that the highlands contemplated by the ne-
gotiators of the treaty wc-re the onlv highlands then
known to them at the head of the Penobscot, Ken-
nebec, and the rivers west of the St. Croix; and that
they did not precisely know how the north line
from the St. Croix wouldstrike them; and if it weie
not my wish to shorten this discussion, I believe a
very good argument might be drawn from the
words of the treaty in proof of this, in the negoti-
ations with Mr. Livingston, and afterwards with
Mr. McLane, this view seemed to prevail; and, as
yon are aware, there were proposals to search for
these highlands to the west, where, alone, I believe
they will be found to answer p">ject!v the descrip-
tion of the treaty. If this question should unfortu
nately go to afurther reference, I should by no
means despair of finding some confirmation of this
view ot'the case.
I shall now, sir, close what 1 have to say on the
controversial part of this question. I should not
have treated of it at all, bat from respect to the gen-
tlemen from Maine, whose arguments you con-
veyed to me; and I shall certainly not renew it,
unless called upon bv vou to do so. Our imme-
diate business is with the compromise of what is
not otherwise to be settled; and argument and con-
troversy, far from assisting to that end, have more
generally a tendency to irri'ate and excite.
Referring, then, io our more immediate subject
of a line by agreement, I d^eplv regret, on reading
vonr observations and proposals, that we are yet so
far asunder. I always thought this part of our duty
better performed by conference than by correspond-
ence; unless, indeed, we had the misfortune not to
be able ultimately to agree; in which case, it would
certainly be necessary that our two countries should
see clearly on paper how nearly we had approach-
ed to each other, and on whom the blame al last
rested of leaviDg unsettled a question involving
such serious consequences. I would still recom-
mend this course of personal diseussion and con-
ference; but, in the meantime, I proceed to notice
the proposals and observations contained in your
note.
It is sufficiently explained, in my plan for a set-
tlement, why I was anxious not to divide in two
parts, by any new line of boundary, the Madawas-
ka settlements; and I am sorry to say that the infor-
mation 1 have since received, both as to local cir-
cumstances and the anxiety of the people them-
selves, tends strongly to confirm my impressions.
At the same time, you will have seen that I was
sensible that some good reason should be assigned
why we should not be satisfied with what you justly
term the otherwise perfect boundary of the St.
John. In your reply, you recognise the difficulties
of the case, and do justice to our motives; but you
state distinctly, on the part of your Government,
that you can consent to no line which should bring
us over the St. John, without some equivalent of ter-
ritory to be found out of the limits of that part
which is in dispute; and yon refer more particular-
ly to a certain narrow strip lying between the
north line and the river. This strip I have no
power .to-giwup; and I beg to add, that the refusal
-of "my Government is founded simply on their ob-
jection to dispose arbitrarily of the persons and
property of her Majesty's subjects living by prefer-
ence under her authority—an objection which, you
are sensible, applies with peculiar force to the in-
habitants of this part of New Brunswick.
I had hoped that the other equivalents which I
had offered, combined with the sense entertained
by the Government of the UniledStates of the press-
ing importance of the case on the groundof human-
ity, would have been sufficient for the purpose I so
anxiously desired; but, perceiving from your note, as
well as from personal conversation, that concession
on this point is insisted upon, I might be disposed to
consider whether my anxious desire to arrive at a
friendly settlement would not justify me in yield-
ing, however reluctantly, il the latter part of your
proposal did not, if finally persevered in, foibid all
hope of any settlement whatever.
The boundary you propose, supposing the British
territory not to coine over the St. John, is to run
from the north side of that river, three miles above
its junction with the Madawaska, over an arbitrary
line, which my map does not exactly permit me
to tollow, until it reaches somewhere the St. Fran-
cis. I need not examine this line in its precise de-
tails, because I am obliged frankly to state that it
is inadmissible. I think I might, sir, fairly appeal
to your candid judgment to say whether this is a
proposition X conciliation—whether, after all an-
tecedent discussions on this subject, it could be rea-
sonably expected that, whatever might he the anx-
iety ot mv Government for a friendly settlement, I
could be found with power to accede to such terms.
I need not obseiveto you that this would give to
Great Britain less [ban the award of the arbiter,
while at the same time she would be called upon to
give up what the arbiter awarded to her; and, if I
do nut mistake you. the floatage of the lumber of
Maine down the St. John is also expected to be
surrendered.
1 must beg to say that I am quite at a loss to ac-
count for such a proposal. Your own principle of
maintaining the great river as the best boundary is
abandoned; an arbitrary line is drawn which no-
body ever suggested before; and I can only suppose
this'course to be dictated by that general assump-
tion that, notwithstanding all former admissionsand
decisions to the contrary, this territory, said to be
in dispute, in truth, belongs to one party, tobe doled
out as a favor to the other—an assumption which
cannot for a moment be admitted, and which you,
sir, with the records of vour office before you, will
hardly maintain.
The position in \thich this negotiation now
stands, seems to prove what I have before ventured
to advance—that it would have a better chance of
success by conference than bv correspondence; at
all events, that we should sooner arrive at apcer-
taining what we can or cannot do. Slow, unneces-
sarily slow, our jurogress has hitherto been; and the
public seem, somehow or other, to have become
informed that there are differences. I hope, when
we come to discuss them, that they will prove less
serious than they are supposed to be; but it is very
desirable that doubts and distrusts should be set at
rest, and that public credit and the transactions of
commerce should suffer the least possible disturb-
ance. For although, should this negotiation un-
fortunately fail, it will be our duty immediately to
