to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
place it in some new course of further reference, it
is not to be disguised that such a result must be
productive of considerable public anxiety and dis-
appointment.
What I have said with respect to the case of the
Madawaska settlements, will, X trust, sufficiently
prove my disposition to approach such a discussion
with the true spirit of conciliation; and I trust you
will permit me to express a hope that it will be met
with a corresponding feeling.
Before concluding, I wish to add a few words re-
specting the line of the St. John to one of its sour-
ces, and the navigation for certain purposes of
that river. It may be true that the district between
the St. John and the highlands west of the St. Fran-
cis may be of some extent; but your own surveyors
will confirm to you that it is of very little value
either for cultivation or timber. Is it reasonable
that, in the division of an object in dispute, its in-
trinsic value should be wholly disregarded, and its
size or extent be alone considered'!
I would further suggest for your consideration,
whether, supposing the division by the King of the
Netherlands to be admitted to satisfy tairly the equi-
ty of the case between the parties, what is proposed
to be added by Great Britain, viz. the strip on the
45th parallel of latitude, and the use of the navi-
gation of the St. John, be not an ample compensa-
tion for what we ask in return, viz. that bar-
ren strip above the tipper St. John, which is want-
ed for no other purpose than as a boundary; for
which purpose it is admitted on all sides to be most
convenient.
The right to use the St. John for floating down
the lumber of Maine on the same terms as the river
is used by the Q.ueen's subjects, is .now treated as
a matter of.light importance. This is not uncom-
mon when a concession of any kind is about to be
yielded; but I beg to remind you that this was not
formerly so considered. It has been repeatedly so-
licited, and invariably refused; and no minister of
Great Britain has before been permitted to connect
this concession with the settlement of the boundary.
It is considered by my Government ns a very im-
portant concession. I am sure that it must be con-
sidered by all persons in Maine connected with the
lumber trade, as not only valuable, but indispensa-
ble; and I am compelled to add, that I am empow-
ered to allow this privilege only in the event of a
settlement of the boundaiyon satisfactory terms.
It is said, in the memorandum of the Maine com-
missioners, that this conceded navigation will be as
useful to the town of St, John as to the lumberers
of Maine; but it will not escape you that, even if
this be so, it is a concession necessary to give any
value whatever to so bulky an article as lumber,
which, being not otherwise disposable, would bear
any reasonable toll which lfie provincial authori-
ties of New Brunswick might think it expedient
to levy upon il. Further, it should not be forgotten
that the timber, once at the mouth of the St. John,
will have the privilege of reaching the British as
well as other markets; and, lastly, that it is a very
different thing to hold a privilege of this important
description bv right, or by mere sufferance, to be
granted or withheld at pleasure.
lhave to apologize tor enteiingjnto these details
in treating of the great question with which we
are occupied, but they seemed called foi by obser-
vations contained in the paper you sent me.
I beg, sir, you will be assured of my unfeigned
and distinguished consideration.
ASHBURTON.
Hon. Daniel Webster, &c , &e . &c.
Laid Ashlurton to Mr. Webber,
Wtsni,\viroN, July 10, 184-3.
Sir: There is a fuiiber question of disputed
boundary between Great Britain and the United
States, called the Northwest boundary, about which
we helve had some conferences; and I now proceed
to state the terms which I am ready to agree to for
the settlement of this diffeience. As the principal
object in dispute is to be given up by Gieat Britain,
I trust, sir, that you will heie again recognise the
spirit of friendly conciliation which has guided my
Government in disposing of these questions.
I have already sufficiently discussed wiih you the
boundaries between her Majesty's provinces and
the United States, from the monument at the head
ol the liver St. Croix to the monument on the
river St. Lawrence, near the village of St. Regis.
The commissioners under the sixth article of "the
treaty of Ghent succeeded in continuing this
poundary from St. Regis, through the St. Lawrence
and the great Northern lakes, up to a point in the
channel between Lake Huron and Lake Supe-
rior.
A further continuation of this boundary, from
this point, through Lake Superior, to the Lake oi
the Woods, was confided to the same commission-
ers, under the seventh article of the treaty of
Ghent; but they were, unfortunately, unable to
agree, and have consequently left this portion of
the boundary undetermined. Its final settlement
has been much desired by both Governments, and
urgently pressed by communications from Mr.
Secretary Forsyth to Mr. Fox, in 1839 and 1840.
What I have now to propose cannot, I feel as-
sured, be otherwise than satisfactory for this pur-
pose.
The commissioners who failed in their endeav-
ors to make this settlement differed on two points:
First, as to the appropriation of an island called
St. George's island, lying in the water communica-
tion between Lake Huron and Lake Superior;
and,
Secondly, as to the boundary through the water
communications from Lake Superior to the Lake
of the Woods.
The first point I am ready to give up to vou, and
you are, no doubr, aware that it is the only object
of any real value in this controversy. The island
of St. George's is reported to contain 25,920 acres
of very fertile land; but, the other things connected
with these boundaries being satisfactorily arranged,
a line shall be drawn so as to throw this island
within the limits of the United States.
In considering the second point, it really appears
of little importance to either party how the lme be
determined through the wild country between
Lake Superior and the Lake of the Woods, but it
is important that some line should be lixed and
known.
The American commissioner asked for the line
from Lake Superior, up the river Kamanastiguia,
to the lake called Dog lake, which he supposed to
be the same as that called Long lake in the treaties;
thence through Sturgeon lake to the Lac la Pln;e,
to that point where the two lines assumed bv the
commissioners again meet.
The British commissioner, on the other hand,
contended for a line Irom the southwestern ex-
tremity, at a point called le Fond du Lac, to the
middle of the mouth ot the estuary or lake of St.
Louis river; thence up that river, through Vermil-
ion river, to Lac la Piuic.
Attempts were made to compromise these dif-
ferences; but thpy failed, apparently more from
neitherpaity being willing to eive up the island of
St. George's, than from much importance being at-
tached to any other part of the case.
Upon the line from Lake Superior to the Lake
of the Woods, both commissioners agreed to aban-
don their respective claims, and to adopt a middle
course, for which the American commissioner ad-
mitted that there was some giound of preference.
This was from Pigeon river, a point between
Kamanastiguia and the Fonddu Lac; and although
there were differences as to the precise point near
the mouth of Pigeon river, where the line should
begin, neither party seemed to have attached much
importance to this part of the subject.
I would propose that the line be taken from a
point about six miles south oi Pigeon river, where
the grand portage commences on "the lake, and con-
tinued along the line of said portage, alternately by
land and water, to Lac la Pluie—the existing
route by land and by water remaining common to
both parties. This line has the advantage of be-
ing known, and attended with no doubt or uncer-
tainty in running it.
In making the important concession, on this
boundary, of the Isle ot St. George, I must attach
a condition to it of accommodation, which experi-
ence has proved to be necessaiy in the navigation
of the great waters which bound the two countries—
an accommodation which can, I apprehend, be no
possible inconvenience to either. This was ?sked
by the "British commissioner, in the couise of the
attempts of compromise above alluded to, but no-
thing was done, bfcause he was not then prepared,
as I am now, to yield the property and sovereignty
of St. George's island.
The first of these two cases is at the head of
Lake St. Clair, where the river of that name emp-
ties into it from Lake Hnron. It is represented,
that the channel bordering the United States coast
in this part is not only the best for navigation, but,
with some winds, is the only Serviceable passage.
I do not know that, under such circumstances, the
passage of a British vessel would, be refused', but,
on a final settlement of boundaries, it is desirable
to stipulate for what the commissioners would
probably have settled, had the facts been known to
them. . .
The other case, of nearly the same description,
occurs on the St. Lawrence, some miles above the
boundary at St. Regis. In distributing the islands
of the river by ibe commissioners, Barnharis isl-
and and the Long Sault islands were assigned to
America. This part of the river has very formida-
ble rapids; and the only safe passage is on the
southern or American side, between those islands
and the main land. "We want a elapse in opr
present treaty to say that for a short distance, viz:
from the upper end of upper Long Sault island to
the lower end*" of Barnhart's island, the several
channels of the river shall be used in common by
the boatmen of the two countries.
I am not aware that these very reasonable de-
mands are lilcely to meet with anv objection; espe-
cially where the United States will have surrender-
ed to them all that is essential in the boundary 1
have now to propose to you.
I beg you will be assured, sir, of my unfeigned
and distinguished consideration^
Hon. Daniel Webster,
&c., &c., &c.
Mr. Webster to Lord Asktmrton.
Department of State,
Washington, July 27, 1842.
My Lord: I have now to propose to your Lord-
ship a line of division, embracing the disputed
portions of the boundaiy between the United States
and the Biitish provinces of New Brunswick and
the Canadas, with its considerations and equiva-
lents, such as conforms, 1 believe, in substance, to
the result of the many conferences and discussions
which have token place between us.
The acknowledged territories of the United
States and England join upon each other from the
Atlantic ocean to the eastern foot of the Rocky
mountains—a distance of more than three thousand
miles From the ocean to the source of the St.
Croix, the line of division has been ascertained
and fixed by agreement; from the source of the St.
Croix to a'point near St. Regis, on the river St.
Lawrence, it may be considered as unsettled, or
controverted; from this last-mentioned point, along
the St. Lawrence, and through the lakes, it is set-
tled, until it reaches the water communication be-
tween Lake Huron and Lake Superior. At this
point the commissioners under the 7th article of
the treaty of Ghent found a subject of disagree-
ment which they could not overcome, in deciding
up which branch or channel the h'ne should pro-
ceed, till it should reach a point in the middle of St.
Mary's river, about one mile above St. George's, or
Sugar island.
From the middle of the water communication be-
tween the two lakes, at the point last mentioned,
the commissioners extended the line through the re-
maining part of that water communication, and
across Lake Superior, to a point north of lie Roy-
ale; but they could not agree in what direction the
line should run from this last-mentioned point, nor
where it should leave Lake Superior, nor how it
should be extended to the Rainy Lake, or Lac la
Pluie. From this last-mentioned lake, they agreed
on the line to the northwesternmost point of the
Lake of the Woods, which thev found to be in lati-
tude 49 deg. 23 mill. 55 sec. The line extends, ac-
cording to existing treaties, due south from this
point to the 49th parallel of north latitude, and by
that parallel to the Rocky mountains.
Not being able to agree upon the whole line, the
commissioners under the 7th article did not make
any joint report to their respective Governments.
So far asthey agreed on any part of the line, that
part has been considered settled; but it may be well
to give validity to these portions of the line bv a
treaty.
To complete the boundary line, therefore, and to
remove all doubts and disputes, it is necessary for
the two Governments to come to an agreement on
three points:
1st. What shall be the line on the northeastern
and northern limits ol the United States, from the
St. Croix to the St. Lawrence. This is by far the
most important and dilficull of the subjects, and in-
volves the principal questions of equivalents and
compensations.
