CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
li
2d. What shall be the course of the boundary
from the point where the commissioners under the
6th article of the treaty of Ghent terminated their
labors—to wit: a point in the Neebish channel, near
Muddy lake, in the water communication between
Lake Huron and Lake Superior, to a point in the
middle of St. Mary's river, one mile above Sugar
island. This question is important, as it involves
the ownership of that island.
3d. What shall be the line from the point north
of lie Royale, in Lake Superior, to which the com-
missioners of the two Governments arrived, by
agreement, to the Rainy Lake; and also to confirm
those parts of the lme to which th'e said commis-
sioners agreed.
Besides agreeing upon the line of division through
these controverted portions of the boundary, you
have suggested also, as the proposed settlement pro-
ceeds upon the ground of compromise and equiv-
alents, that boats belonging to her Majesty's sub-
jects may pass the falls of the Long Sault in the St.
Lawrence, on either side of the Long Sault islands;
and that the passage between the islands lying at or
near the junction of the river St. Clair, with the
lake of that name, shall be severally free and open
to the vessels of both countries. There appears no
reasonable objection to what is requested in these
particulars; and on the part of the United States it
is desirable that their vessels, proceeding from
Lake Erie into the Detroit river, should have the
privilege of passing between Bois Blanc, an island
belonging to England, and the Canadian shore—the
deeper and better channel being on that side.
The line, then, now proposed to be agreed to,
may be thus described'
Beginning at the monument at the source of the
river St. Croix, as designated and agreed toby the
commissioners under the fifth article of the treaty
of 1794, between the Governments of the United
Stales and Great Britain; thence, north, following
the exploring line run and marked by the surveyors
of the two Governments in the years 1817 and 1818,
under the fifth article of the treaty of Ghent, to its
intersection with the river St. John, and to the mid-
dle of the channel thereof; thence, up the middle of
the main channel of the said river St John, to the
mouth of the river St. Francis; thence, up the mid-
dle of I he channel of the said river St. Francis, and
of the lakes through which it (lows, to the outlet of
the Lake Pohenagamook; thence, southwesterly, in
a straight line, to a point on the northwest branch
of the river St. John, which point shall be ten
miles distant from the main branch of the Si. John,
in a straight line, and in the nearest direction; but
if the said point shall be found to be less than s ven
miles from the nearest point of the summit or crest
of the highlands that divide those rivers which
empty themselves into the river St. Lawrence irom
those which fall into the river St. John, then the
said point shall be made to recede, down the said
river to a point seven miles, in a straight line, fiom
the said summit or crest; tlicnee, in a straight line,
in a couise about south eight degrees west, to the
point where the parallel of lalitude of 4f> deg. 25
min north intersects the southwest branch of the
St. John; thence, southerly, by the said branch, to
the source thereof in the highlands at the Met]ar-
mette portage; thence, down alon^ the said high-
lands which divide the waters which empty them-
selves into the river St. Lawrence Irom those which
fall into the Atlantic ocean, to the head of Hall's
stream; thence, down the middle of said stream,
till the line thus run intersects ihe old line of
boundary surveyed and marked hy Valentine and
Collins previously to the year 1771 as the forty-
fifrh degree of north latitude, and which has been
known and understood to be the line of actual di-
vision between the States of New York and Ver-
mont, on one side, and the Biitish province of
Canada on the other; and from said point ot intei-
section, west, along the said dividing line, as here-
tofore known and understood, to the Iroquois or St.
Lawrence river; and from the place where the joint
commissioners terminated thejr labors, under ihe
sixth article of the treatv oi Ghent, to wit: at a
point in the Neebish channel, near Muddy lake, the
line shall run into and along the ship channel be-
tween St. Joseph's and St. Tammany islands, to the
division ot the channel at or near the head of St.
Joseph's island; thcnce, timing eastwaidly and
northwardly, around the lower end of St. George's,
or Sugar island, and following the middle of the
channel which divides St. George's from St. Jo-
seph's island; thence, up the east Neebish channel,
nearest to St. George's island, through the middle
of Lake George; thence, west of Jonas island, into
St. Mary's river, to a point in the middle of that
river, about one mile above St. George's, or Sugar
island, so as to appropriate and assign the said
island to the United States; thence, adopting the line
traced on the maps by the commissioners, through
the river St. Mary and Lake Superior, to a point
north of lie Royale, in said lake, one hundred yards
to the north and east of lie Chapeau, which last-
mentioned island lies near the northeastern point
of lie Royale, where the line marked by the com-
missioners terminates; and from the last-mentioned
point, southwesterly, through the middle of the
sound between lie Royale and the northwestern
main land, to the mouth of Pigeon river; and up
the said river, to and through the north and south
Fowl lakes, to the lakes of the height of land be-
tween Lake Superior and the Lake of the Woods;'
thence, along- the water communication, to Lake
Saisaginaga, and through that lake; thence, to and
through Cypress lake, Lac du Bois Blanc, Lac la
Croix, Little Vermillion lake, and Lake Namecan,
and through the several smaller lakes, straits, or
streams, connecting the lakes here mentioned to
that point in Lac la Pluie, or Rainy Lake, at the.
Chaudiere falls, from which the commissioners
traced the line, to the most northwestern point of
the Lake of the Woods; thence, along the said line,
to the said most northwestern point, being in lati-
tude 49 deg. 23 min. 55 sec. north, and ill longitude
95 deg. 14 min. 38 sec. west from the observatory at
Greenwich; thence, according to existing treaties,
the line extends due south to its intersection wilh
the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude, and along
that parallel to the Rocky mountain*. It being un-
derstood that all the water communications, and all
the usual portages along the line irom Lake Supe-
rior to the Lake of the Woods, and also Grand
portage, from the shore of Lake Superior to the
Lake of the Woods, and also Grand portage, iioin
the shoie of Lake Superior to the Pigeon river, as
now actually used, shall be free and open to the
use of the subjects and citizens of both countries.
It is desirable to follow the description and the
exaetlinc of the original treaty as laras piactica-
ble. There is reason to think that "Long lake,"
mentioned m the tiealy of 1783, meant merely the
estuary of the Pigeon river, as no lake called
"Long lake," or any other water strictly conform-
ing to the idea of a lake, is found in that quarter.
This opinion is stiengllicned by the fact thai the
wol ds of the treaty would seem to imply that the
water intended ns "Longlake" was immediately
joining Lake Superior. In one respect, an e^act
compliance wilh the woids of Ihe tiealy is no!
practicable. There is no continuous water com-
munication between Lake Superior and the Lake
of the Woods, as the Lake of the Wood*, is known
to discharge its waters through the Red river of
ihe north into Hudson's Bay. The dividing
hfightor ridge helween the eastern sources of the
ti ibutaries of the Lake of Ihe Woods, and the west-
ern souiees of Pigeon river, appears, by authentic
maps, to be distant about forty miles irom Ihe
month of Pigeon liver, on the shore of Lake Su-
perior.
It is not improbable that, in the impel fection of
knowledge which then existed of those remote
countries, and perhaps misled by Mitchell's map,
the negotiators of the treaty of 1783 supposed the
Lake of the. Woods to discharge us waters into
Lake Superior. The broken and difficult nature
of the water communiVation from Lake Superior
to the Lake of the Woods renders numerous
portages necessary; and it is right that these water
communications and these poitoges should make
a common highway, where nceessatv, for the use
of the subjects and citizens of both Governments.
When the proposed line shall be properly de-
scribed in the treaty, the grant by England of the
right to use the waters of ihe liver Si John for the
purpose of transporting to the mouth of that river
alt the timber and agricultural products raised in
Maine, on the waters of the St. John, or any of its
tributaries, without subjection loanydiscrimmating
tolj, duty, or disability, is to be mseited. Provis-
ion should also be made fot quieting and conform-
ing the titles of all pc^ons having claims to lands
on either side of the line, whether such titles be
perfect or inchoate onlv, and to the same extent in
which they would have been confirmed by their re-
spective Governments had no change taken place.
What has been agreed to, also, m respect to the
common use of certain passages in the rivers and
lakes, as .already stated, must be made matter of
regular stipulation.
Your Lordship is also inforpied, by the corres-
pondence which formerly took place between the
two Governments, that there is a fund arising
from the sale of timber, concerning which fund
an undersianding was had some years ago. It will
be expedient to provide by the treaty that this ar-
rangement shall be carried into effect.
A proper article will be necessary to provide for
the creation of a commission to run and mark some
parts of the line between Maine and the British
provinces-.
These several objects appear to me to embrace
all respecting the boundary line and its equiva-
lents, which the treaty needs to contain, as matters of
stipulation between the United States and England.
I have the honor to be, with high consideration,
your Lordship's most obedient servant.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Lord Ashburton, &c., &c., &c.
. Lord AshSurton to Mr. Webster.
Wasiiikoton, July 29, 1842.
Sin : I have attentively considered the statements
contained in the letter you did me the honor of
addressing me on the 27th of this month, of the
terms agreed to for the settlement of boundaries
between her Majesty's provinces and the United
States; being the final result of the many con-
ferences we have had on this subject. This settle-
ment appears substantially correct in all its parts-
and we may now proceed, without further delay!
to draw up the treaty. Several of the articles for
this purpose are already prepared and agreed, and
our most convenient course will be totakeand con-
sider them singly. I would beg leave to recom-
mend that, as we have excellent charts of the coun-
try through which the boundary, which failed of
being settled by the commissioners under the
seventh article of the trealy of Ghent, is partially
maiked, it would be advisable to make good
the delineation on those charts, which would spare
lo both parties the unnecessary expense of new
commissioners and a new survey. In this case the
only commission required would be to runthe'line
on the boundary of Maine.
The stipulations for the greater facility of the
navigation of the liver St. Lawrence, and of two
passages between the upper lakes, appear evidently
desirable for general accommodation; and I cannot
refuse the reciprocal claim made by you lo render
common the passage from Lake Erie into the De-
troit river, This must be done by declaring the
several passages in those parts free to both parties.
I should remark, also, that the free use of the
navigation of the Long Sault passage, on the St.
Lawrence, must be extended to below Bainhart's
island, foi Ihe puiposeof clearing those rapids.
I beg leave to repeat to you, sir, the assurances
ol my most distinguished consideration.
ASHBURTON.
Hon. Danif.i, Webster, &c , &e., &c.
Lord Ashi'urlonlo Mr. Webster.
Washington, Aug. 9, 1842.
Sir: It appears desirable that some explanation
between us should be recorded by correspondence
respecting the fifth article of the treaty signed by
us this day, for the settlement of boundai ies between
Great Britain and the United States.
By that article of the treaty, it is stipulated that
certain payments shall be made by the Government
of the United States to ihe States of Maine and
Massachusetts. It has of course been understood
thai my negotiations h.,ve been Willi the Govern-
ment of the United Slates; and the introduction of
terms of agreement between the General Govern-
ment and Ihe States would have been irregular and
inadmissible, if ii had not been deemed expedient
lobi ins the whole ot these transactions within the
pui view of the treaty. There may not be wanting
analogous cases to justify this proceeding; but it
seems proper that I should have confirmed by you,
that my Government incurs no responsibility for
these engagements, of the precise nature and ob-
ject of uhich I am uninformed, nor have 1 con-
sidered it necessary to make inquiry concerning
them.
I heg, sir, to renew to you the assurances of my
high consideration.
ASHBURTON.
Hon. Daniel Webster, &c., &c.j &c.
