CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
were passed and approved, which have been for-
warded to the President, which appear to ine to
.confer all the authority necessary, and were un-
doubtedly designed by the Legislature to meet this
emergency. This wise provision will, I trust, su-
persede all occasion for reassembling the Legisla-
ture, as the Governor and Council have authority
to act in the matter in anyway that the interests
and honor of the Commonwealth demand. There
will be a meeting of the Council, by appointment,
on the 25th of May, which, if Maine can only move
after legislation is had, will be sufficiently sea-
sonable lor all practicable purposes, when the sub-
ject will be laid befoie them, and there can be lit-
tle doubt that they will acquiesce in the propriety
of sending a commissioner to represent the State
in a matter of such decided importance.
If this movement on the part of Great Britain is
indicative, as it seems to me it is, of a settled pur-
pose to close .the controversy, and she is prepared
to give satisfactory equivalents for the concession
of territory sufficient to answer her purposes, then
the division of such an equivalent or equivalents
between Maine and Massachusetts will become an
important question; but it should in no particular
be left for future discussion or decision, by Con-
gress or any other "body, but should be definitively
adjusted in the general arrangement, that each State
may know the exact measure of its rights.
You will learn, also, from these resolutions, the
disposition of the State to bring this question to an
issue, in any manner consistent with her honor, in-
terest, and dignity. The opinions conveyed in
them, as far as 1 know, were unanimous, and indi-
cate the lone of public sentiment. The people of
Massachusetts are not disposed to yield anything to
unjust pretension. Not a particle of doubt is enter-
tained, by any one, that the treaty line of 1783 may
be as certainly identified as Mar's Hill; .and the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia as certainly estab-
lished by the description m the treaty, as the merid-
ian of Gluebec. We all feel that no doubt can ex-
ist that there are highlands which divide the waters
that flow into the St. Lawrence and the sea; and
that a line due north can be run from the monu-
ment to the dividing summit. These are matters
that no one can feel any hesitation about, and
hence there is but one opinion in Massachusetts.
While, therefore, we cannot listen to a claim upon
what we know to be our own, we can, in the spirit
of pence and accommodation, yield something to
the convenience ol a neighbor, by agreement. This
is, without shade ot coloring, the sentiment of Mas-
sachusetts. She will, on honorable terms, concede
something to the convenience and necessity of
Great Britain; but nothing—not a rood of barren
heath or rock—to unfounded claims. If an earlier
day than the 25th of May shall prove desirable, the
Council can be summoned.
I have the honor to be vour obedient servant,
JOHN DAYIS.
To the Secretary op Stite.
Mi. Webster to Gov. Dans.
Department of State,
Washington, April 16, 1843.
Sir I have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt,
from your Excellency, of certain resolves, concern-
ing the Northeastern boundary of the United States,
passed by the Legislature of Massachusetts on the
3d day of Match last.
As those resolves appear to recognise the pro-
priety ol endeavoring to fix upon a line by com-
promise, with the assent of Maine and Massachu-
setts; and as they authorize your Excellency, with
advice of Coaucil, to adopt" such measures to se-
cure the rivals and interests of the Commonwealth
of Ma-sachusetts as the emergency may demand,
it appeais to me that they are a sufficient warrant
for such proceedings as you may see fit to adopt,
in order to gain the assent of the Commonwealth
toary line of boundary which may be just and
equitable, and upon which the parties may be likely
to agree. It your Excellency should take this view
of the subject, a call ol the Legislature would of
course be unnecessary.
I have the honor to be, &c.,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
His Excellency John1 Davis,
Governor of Massachusetts,
Gar. fa l\h'. Webster.
Executive Department,
Worcester, April 27, 1842.
Sitt: Since I last addressed you, 1 have received
your favor of the 16th instant, by which it appears
the resolutions of the Legislature of this Common-
wealth have reached you. "These resolves, re-
specting the Northeastern boundary, were adopted
to meet the contingency which has occurred, and
to avoid any necessity for reassembling the Legis-
lature on this account. As soon as it became cer-
tain that a special envoy was to be despatched
hither by the Queen of the United Kingdoms, it
was apparent to me that he would be authorized to
propose a conventional line, as this is manifestly
the only alternative short of acceding to the treaty
line of 1783 When the subject was brought to the
attention of the Legislature, it seemed to entertain
similar views, and with great harmony of opinion
provided, as well as the srate of things, which was
ihen wholly conjectural, would enable them.
The Council will meet on the 25th of May for
the regular despatch of business, when their atten-
tion will be invited to the expediency of consenting
to the appointment of an agent or agents m repre-
sent the State.
I have the honor to he,
Your obedient servant,
J. DAVIS.
The Secretary of State for the United States.
The Governor of Maine to-lhe President.
Executive Department,
Augusta, May 27, 1842.
Sir: I have the honor to enclose a copy of pream-
ble and resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
this State, relating to the subject of Ihe northern
and northeastern boundaries of Maine; and also
to inform you that the Hon. Edward Kavanagh,
Hon. Edward Kent, Hon. William H. Preble, and
Hon. John Otis, have been elected commissioners
under said resolves.
Most respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
JOHN FAIRFIELD.
His Excellency John Tyler,
Piesidcnt of the United Rates, Washington.
State op Maine.
The joint select committee of both houses of the
Legislature, to which was referred the Governor's
message of the 18th instant, with the accompanying
communication from the Sec retary of State of the
United States, have had the same under considera-
tion, and ask leave to report the following pream-
ble and resolutions.
EDWARD KAVANAGH, Chair-man.
Committee Room, '20th May, 1842
Resolves in relation to the Northeastern boundary of
this State.
Whereaslhe preceding Legislaturesofthis State,
in conformity with the well-settled conviction of all
the people thereof, and with incontrovertible evi-
dence belore them on the subject, have uniformly
declared that the boundary of Maine, on its North-
ern and Northeastern frontiers, as designated in the
treaty of 1783, can be laid down and fixed accord-
ing to the terms ot that treaty; and that such line
embraces all the territory over which this State
claims property, sovereignty, and jurisdiction; and
Ihe Executive "and Congress of the United States
having recognised the validity of that claim in ils
full extent, this Legislature renews such declara-
tions in the most solemn mariner and
Whereas, for a series of years, every attempt to
adjust the vexed question in regard to the establish-
ment of said boundary having proved ineffectual,
it has been representee! to the Government ol this
State that the minister plenipotentiary and special
of her Britannic Majesty at Washington, has offi-
cially announced to the Government of the United
States that he has authority to treat for a conven-
tional line, or lme by agreement, on such terms and
conditions, and with such considerations and equiv-
alents, as may be thought just and equitable; and
that he is ready to enter upon a negotiation lor such
conventional line as soon as the Government of the
United States shall say that it is authorized and
ready, on its part, to commence such negotiation:
and
Whereas the Government of the United States,
not possessing the cons'itutional power to conclude
any such negotiation without the assent of Maine,
has invited the Government of this State to co-
operate' to a certain extent, and in a certain fo m,
in an endeavor to terminate a controversy of so
long duration.
Now, considering the premises, and believing
that the people of this State, after having already
manifested a forbearance honorable to their charac-
ter, under long-continued violations of their rights
by a foreign nation; and, though not disposed to
yield to unfounded pretensions, are still willing, in
regard to the proposal now made to the General Gov-
ernment to give additional evidence to their fellow-
citizens, throughout the United Slates, of their de-
sire to preserve the peace of this Union, by taking
measures to discuss and conclude, if possible, the
subject in controversy in a manner that will secure
the honor and interests of the State, this Legisla-
ture adopts the following resolutions—with the un-
derstanding, however, that in the event of a failure
in such endeavor towards an arrangement, no
proceedings thereunder shall be so construed as
to prejudice in any manner the rights of the State
as they have been herein asserted to exist:
Resolved, That there shall be chosen, by ballot,
in convention of both branches of the Legislature,
four persons, who are hereby constituted" and ap-
pointed commissioners, on the part of this State, to
repair to the seat of Government of the United
Slates, and to confer with the authorities of that
Government touching--a conventional line, or line
by agreement, between the State of Maine and the
British provinces, having regard to the line desig-
nated by the treaty of 1783, as uniformly claimed
by this State, and to the declarations and views
expressed in the foregoing preamble, and to give
the assent of this State to any such conventional
line, with such terms, conditions, considerations,
and equivalents, as they shall deem consistent with
the honor and interests of the State; with the un-
derstanding that no such line be agreed upon with-
out the unanimous assent of such commissioners.
Resolved, That this State cannot regard the re-
linquishment by the British Government of any
claim heretofore advanced by it to territory in-
cluded within the limits of the line of this State as
designated by the treaty of 1783, and uniformly
claimed by Maine, as a consideration or equivalent
within the meaning of these resolutions.
Resolved, That the said commissioners be fur-
nished by the Governor with evidence of their ap-
pointment, under the seal of the State.
Resolved, That the Governor, by and with the.
advice 'and consent of the Council, have power to
fill any vacancy that may occur in said commis-
sion, by death, resignation, or otherwise.
Resolved, That the said commissioners make re-
turn of their doings herein to the Governor, to be
by him presented to the Legislature at its next
session.
In the House of Representatives,
May 36, 1842.
Read and passed:
CHARLES ANDREWS, Speaker.
In Senate, May 26, 1842.
Read and passed:
S H. BLAKE, President.
May 26, 1842.
Approved: JOHN FAIRFIELD.
   *
State oe Msine.
Secretary's Office, Auuusta,
May 26,1842.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy
of the original preamble and resolutions deposited
in this office.
Attest. PHILIP C. JOHNSON,
Secretary of Sto.te.
The Maine Commissioners lo Mr. Webster.
Fuller's Hotel, Washington,
June 12, 1842.
The commissioners of Maine, on the subject of
Ihe Northeastern boundary, present their respectful
compliments to the honorable Mr. Webster, Secre-
tary of State of the United States, and beg leave to
inform him that they are now in this city, ready to
enter upon the business intrusted to them. They
also avail themselves of the occasion to request him
to name the time and place when and where it
would suit the convenience of the Secretary of
State to receive them.
Mr. Webster to the Maine Commissioners.
President's Square, June 12, 1842.
Mr. Webster has the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of the note of the commissioners of Maine,
announcing their arrival, and their readiness to
enter on the business of their appointment.
Mr. W. will have great pleasure in receiving
