14
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the commissioners at the Department of State, on
Monday, at 1 o'clock.
Commissioners of Massachusetts to Mr. Webster.
Washington, June 13, 1842.
Sir: The undersigned, commissioners appointed
by the State of Massachusetts to confer with the
Government of the United States upon a conven-
tional line to be established on our Northeastern
boundary, are ready to proceed in the execution of
their commission whenever the Secretary may sig-
nify his wish to meet them. Our colleague (Mr.
Allen) will probably be here to-morrow.
We have the honor to remain, with the highest
respect, your obedient servants,
ABBOTT LAWRENCE,
JOHN MILLS.
Hon. Daniel, Webster, Secretary of Slate.
Mr. Webstet io the Commissioners of Massachusetts.
Department of State,
Washington, June 13, 1842.
The undersigned has the honor to acknowledge
the receipt of the communication addressed to him
this day by Messrs. Lawrence and Mills, commis-
sioners of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
He will be happy to see these gentlemen at this
department at \ past 1 o'clock, p. m., to-day.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Messrs. Lawrence and Mills,
Commiss ioners of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts.
The Maine Commissioners to Mr. Webster.
Washington, June 29, 1812.
Sir: The undersigned, commissioners of Maine,
have given to the letter of Lord Ashburton, ad-
dressed to you, under date of the 21st instant, and
by you communicated to them, all the consideration
which the importance of the subject of which it
treats, the views it expresses, and the proposition it
submits to you, demand.
There are passages in his Lordship's communi-
cation, the exact extent of the meaning of which
the undersigned are not quite sure that they fully
understand.
Ill speaking of the inhabitants on the south side
of the St. John, in the Madawaska settlement, he
says: "I cannot, in any case, abandon the obvious
interest of these people." Again, in speaking of
the proposition submitted by him, he remarks: " 1
have not treated the subject in the ordinaiy form of
a bargain, where the party making the'proposal
leaves himself something to give up. The ease
would not admit of this, even if X could bring my-
self so to act."
If his Lordship's meaning is, that the proposed
boundary, by agreement or conventional line, be-
tween the State of Maine and the Province of New
Brunswick, must, at all events, be established on
the south side of the St. John, extending from the
due-north line to Fish river, and at a distance back
from the river, so as to include the Madaivaska
settlement, and that the adoption of such a line is a
sine qua non on the pait of the British Government,
the commissioners on the part of the State of Maine
feel it their duty as distinctly to say that any at-
tempt at an amicable adiustmcnt of the controversy
respecting the Northeastern boundary on that
basis, with the consent of Maine, would be en-
tirely fruitless.
The people of Maine have a deep settled con-
viction and the fullest conJidcnce in the justice of
their claim, to Us utmost extent; yet, being ap-
pealed to as a constituent member of the Ameu-
can Union, and called upon, as such, to yield
something in a spirit of patriotism for the com-
mon good, and to listen, m a spirit of peace, of
accommodation, and good neighborhood, to prop-
ositions for an amicable settlement of the exist-
ing controversy, they have cheerfully and prompt-
ly responded to the appeal. Her Governor and
Legislature, in good faith, immediately adopted
the measures necessary on her pait, with a view
to relinquish to Great Britain such portion of tei-
ritory and jurisdiction as might be needed by hei-
fer her accommodation, on such terms aiid for
such equivalents as might be mutually satisfactory.
Beyond this, nothing more was supposed to be ex-
pected or desired. During the negotiations at
Ghent, the British commissioners, in a commu-
nication to the American commissioners, dated
October 8, 1814, distinctly avow that the British
Government never required all that portion of
Massachusettsintervening between the province of
New Brunswick and Guebec should be ceded to
Great Britain, but only that small portion of un-
settled country which intercepts the communica-
tion between Halifax and Gluebec. So his Lord-
ship, in his communication, admits that the rea-
sons which have induced the British Government
to maintain their rights ("claim") in this contro-_
versy are, " the establishing a good boundary be-
tween our two countries so as to prevent collisions
and dispute, and an unobstructed communication
and connexion of our colonies with each other."
Again: looking, as he says, on the map, for such a
boundary, " with reference to the sole object of
Great Britain as already described, the line of the
St. John, from where the north line from the St.
Croix strikes it, up to some one of its sources,
seems evidently to suit both parties," &c. Indeed,
the portion ol territory which Great Britain needs
for her accommodation is so perfectly obvious,
that no material difference of opinion, it is believ-
ed, has ever been expressed on the subject. It is
that portion which lies north of the Sr. John and
east of the Madawaska livers, with a strip of con-
venient width on the west side of the latter river,
and of the lake from which it issues.
Sent here, then, under this state of things, and
with these views, by the Legislature of Maine, m
a spirit of peace and conciliation, her commis-
sioners were surpi ised and pained to be repelled
as it were, in the outset, by such a proposition as
his Lordship has submitted to you. On carefully
analyzing it, it will be seen that, in addition to all
the teriitory needed by Great Britain for her ac-
commodation, as stated and admitted by her own
authorities and agents, it requires that Maine
should further yield a valuable territory, of more
than fifty miles in extent, lying along thesouth side
of the St. John, extending from the due-north
line westerly to Fish river, and so back from the
river St. John, as it is understood, to the Eagle
lakes, and probably to the Little Madawaska and
Aroostook. Speaking of this branch of the prop-
osition, his Lordship treats it merely as "depart-
ing to this inconsiderable extent from the marked
line of the river St. John." Ilis Lordship does
not state how much further up the river he con-
templates going. His language implies that the
distance to Fish river, although over fifty miles,
is only an inconsiderable part of the whole extent
contemplated. This part of the proposition, then,
would seem to imply a relinquishment also, on
the part of Maine, ol a large portion of her terri-
tory north of the St. John and west of the Mada-
waska rivers. In this view of the case, it is due
|o the Governor, and Legislature, and people of
Maine, to say that they had not expected such a
proposition. If they had, nothing is hazarded in
saying no commissioners would have been sent
here to icceive and consider it. And, in this state
of things, it becomes a botmden duty, on the part
of the undersigned, to say to you, that if the
yielding and relinquishing, on the part of the
State of Maine, of any portion of territory, how-
ever small, on the .south side of the St. John, be
with her Britannic Majesty's Government a sine
qua non to an amicable settlement of the boundary
of Maine, the mission ol the commissioners of
Maine is ended. They came not to throw obsta-
cles m the way to the successful accomplishment of
the great work you have on hand—that of consoli-
dating an honorable peace between two great na-
tions; but, on the contrary, they came prepared to
yield much, to sacrifice much, on the part of
Maine, to the peacu of the Union and the interest
of her .sister States. If the hopes of the people of
Maine and of the United States are to be disap-
pointed, it is believed ibe fault lies not at the door
of the Governor or Legislatuie of Maine, or of
her commissioners.
At the dale of the earliest maps of that country,
the river now called the Madawaska had not ac-
quired a distinctive name; and consequently the
source of that river was regarded as one of the
sources, if not the principal source, of the St.
John. On looking at the map, it will at once he
seen that the general course ol the St. John and
Madawaska, from the mouth of the former to the
source of the latter, are one and the same. As
connected with this fact, we find that at least
five different maps, published in London in the
years 1705, 1769, 1771, 1774, and 1775, place the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia on the highlands at
the source of that branch of the St. John, then with-
out distinctive appellation, but now known a-|the
Madawaska.
One of the efive is specially quoted in the report
of the committee of Congress of the 16th August,
1782, so often referred to in this controversy. _ In
no map of a date prior to the treaty of 1783, it is
believed, is the northwest angle of Nova Scotia
placed on the highlands at the source of any branch
whatever of the St. John, but the Madawaska.
Hence the proposition of the American commis-
sioners, m 1782, in discussing the subject of the
boundaries of the United States, to begin at the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia, on the highlands
at the source of the St. John. Respect for the dis-
tinguished men who negotiated the treaty of peace
of 1783, would induce the undersigned to renew
the proposition, so far as regards adopting the Mad-
awaska as a boundary, were it not that, being pre-
pared to yield all that is needed for the accommo-
dation of Great Britain, they are aware that a strip
on the west side of thai river is necessary to that
object. The particular map quoted in the repoit
above mentioned is that of Emanuel Bowen, geog-
rapher to the King, published in 1775, in_ which the
Penobscot, and a line drawn from one of its sources,
crossing the St. John, to the source of that branch
now called the Madawaska, are distinctly laid
down as the western boundary of Nova Scotia.
So in all the maps which place the northwest angle
ol Nova Scotia on the highlands at the source of
the St. John, those highlands and that source are
on the north side of the Walloostook, whichisnow
known to be the mam branch of the St. John.
The inference or assumption, then, that it was not
the intention of the commissioners who negotiated
the treaty of peace that any portion of the valley or
waters of the St. John should be included within
the limits of the United States, because the Ameri-
can negotiators of lhat treaty proposed the north-
west angle of Nova Scotia, on the highland.1^ at
the source of the' St. John, ss the place of begin-
ning, in" establishing the boundaries of the United
States, is, it is believed, wholly unwarranted. The
fact, on the contrary, as it seems to the undersigned,
disproves any such intention or supposition on the
part of the American commissioners.
The British commissaries, Messrs. Mildmay
and De Cosne, in their reply of the 23d of January,
1753, to the French commissaries, say: "We have
sufficiently proved, first, that Acadia (Nova Scotia)
has had an inland limit from the earliest times; and,
secondly, that that limit has ever been the river
St. Lawrence." At that time, then, the British
Government contended that the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia was formed by the river St. Lawrence,
as one line, and a line drawn north from the St.
Croix to the St, Lawtence as the other; and this is
in conformity with the position assigned to it on
Mitchell's map and some others. By the grant to
Sir William Alexander, the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia was also placed at the river St, Lawrence,
although its precise locality on that river is not de-
termined by the language of the grant.
The French commissaries, on their part, con-
tended that the limits of Canada extended on the
south side of the St. Lawrence, so as to embrace
the territory waiered by the rivers that emptied
themselves into the river St. Lawrence. "Les pays
dont les eaux vontse rendre dans le fleuve St. Lau-
rent." The commissions granted to the Governors
of Canada, and all the public documents issued by
the authority of the French Government, fully sus-
tain their position. There is no ground,say they,
for entertaining a doubt that all the commissions
granted by the King, for the government of Cana-
da, were conceived in the same terms. In ihe
splendid Universal Alias, published at Paris by De
Van gundy & Son, in 1757, there is a map dated
1755, and referred to expressly by the author, who
was geographer to the King, as illustrating the dis-
pute between France and Great Britain, in regard
to the boundaries of their respective territories.
On this map, the dividing ridge, or highlands, is
placed where the United States have ever contended
it is only to be found; and what is deserving of
notice is, that the northwest angle of Nova Scotia
is there placed on those highlands, at the head of
the lake there called Metaousta; the line separating
Nova Scotia from New England being drawn
through the centre of that lake, to the source of
the St. Croix. The disputes above referred to hav-
ing led to a war between France and Great Britain,
France finally ceded to Great Britain, in February,
1703, Canada, and abandoned all claim to Nova
Scotia and the whole territory in controversy be-
tween the two powers. On the 7th of October,
1763, his Britannic Majesty issued his proclamation'.
