CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
defining the southern boundary of Canada, or the
frovince of Quebec, and establishing it where the
'tench had always contended it was. Immediate-
ly afterward, he also defined and established the
western limit of Nova Scotia; alleging, by way of
justification of certain pretensions which had been
put forward in opposition to Massachusetts, in
regard to the Penobscot as a boundary, that, al-
though he might have removed the line as far
west as the Penobscot, yet he would limit himself
at the St. Croix. Accordingly, the western boun-
dary of Nova Scotia was, in November, 1763, de-
fined and established as follows: "By a line," &c.,
"across the entrance of the Bay of "Fundy, to the
mouth of the river St. Croix, by the said river to
its source, and by a line drawn due- north from
thence to the southern boundary of our province
of Quebec." The northwest angle ol Nova Sco-
tia was, by these two documents, established in
November, 1763, and defined to be the angle
formed by the line last described, and the line
which "passes along the highlands which divide
the rivers that empty themselves into the said
river St. Lawrence, from those which fall into the
sea, and also along the north coast of the Bay des
Chaleurs." We now see wherefore it was that the
distinguished men who negotiated the treaty of
peace were so particular in describing the precise
position, and giving so exact a definition of the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia, mentioned in the
treaty. They distinctly and explicitly state that mo-
tive to be, that "all disputes which might arise in fu-
ture, on the subject of the boundaries of the United
States, may be prevented." Their starting bound,
or point of departure, is the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia. Here the question presents itself—
what northwest anglel They describe it, not that
northwest angle which in several maps is laid
down on the highland-,, at the Madawaska source
of the St. John; not that northwest angle on the
southern bank of the river St. Lawrence, laid
down on Mitchell's map, and so strenuously con-
tended for by the British Government and British
commissaries in their dispute with France; not
that northwest angle on the river St. Lawrence,
described in the chaiter or grant by King James
to Sir William Alexander; bat the northwest an-
gle of Nova Scotia, defined and established in
November, 1763, "to wit- that angle which is
formed by a line drawn due north from the source
of St. Croix river, to the highlands," &c.; and, fur-
ther, that there might be no ground for reviving
the old pretension m regard' to the Penobscot, or
any other western river, being intended as the St.
Croix, the river St. Croix intended in the treaty is
declared to have its mouth in the Bay of Fundy.
Nor is there any pretence of any doubt or question
having been raised, until long after the treaty of
peace, as to what highlands were intended in the
proclamation of 1763 as constituting the southern
boundary ofQ.uebec. So far from it, the Parliament
of Great Britain, in 1774, passed the Gluebec act,
which was one of the grievances complained of
by the colonies, and which confirmed the bounda-
ries, so far as the matter under consideration is
concerneJ, defined and established by that procla-
mation. Of these two public acts, the Ameiican
commissioners wercnot ignorant nor misinformed.
They are both expressly referred to and men-
tioned in the report ol'August 1G, 1782, already
mentioned. To find these highlands, the statesman
and jurist, who has no other object in view than
to expound the treaty according to its terms and
provisions, uninfluenced by any secret bias or pre-
conceived theory, will, it is believed, begin, not at
the month or source of the St. Croix, but on the
bank of the river St. Lawrence, at a point north
of the source of the river St. Croix; and, following
the due-north line (so called) southward, he will
find no difficulty in discovering the line of the
" Vrr.vi.nls," from which issue the rivers that empty
themselves into the river St. Lawrence. The
whole and exclusive object and intent of ihe proc-
lamation of 1763, so far as relates to this matter of
boundary m that section of country, was not in any
way to affect or alter the limits of jurisdiction over
the territory lying south of that line of " Vertanls,"
but only to cut off from Nova Scotia and Massa-
chusetts that portion of territory which was wa-
tered by ihe rivers which empty themselves into
the river St. Lawrence. Accordingly, the due-
norih line or boundary between Nova Scotia and
Massachusetts is described as extending "from the
source of ihe St. Croix to the southern boundary of
our province of Quebec."
The commissioners of Maine do not consider
themselves as sent here to argue the question of
right in regard to the conflicting claims to the dis-
puted territory, nor to listen to an argument in op-
position to the claim of Maine. Their mission
contemplated a far different and more conciliatory
object. They have, however, felt themselves com-
pelled, in justice to Maine, to reply to two positions
assumed by Lord Ashburton—the soundness of
which, with great deference and respect for his Lord-
ship, they cannot admit: First. That "it was the in-
tention of the parties to the treaty of peace of 1783
to leave to Great Britain, by their description of
boundaries, the whole waters of the river St. John."
Secondly. "That the treaty of 1783 was not execu-
table according to its strict expression. His Lord-
ship also speaks of "a volume of additional con-
troversial matter, which he has not communicated,
but which he has brought with him, and much of
which would be of no inconsiderable weight and im-
portance, if controversy were our object." Among
the matter referred to in that volume, the under-
signed believe they have reason to conjecture, will
be found a map entitled "North America, with the
New Discoveries," by William Faden, geographer
to the King, published in the year 1785. That
map—a copy of which is now before the under-
signed, communicated by you—extends the British
possessions so as to include the waters of the St.
John, and dispenses with the due-north line of the
treaty altogether. The map referred to is a small
one, of small pretensions. It is, however, some-
what remarkable, that the same William Faden
published, in 1783, a map, prepared with great care,
entitled "The United States of North America,
witli the British and Spanish territories, according
to the treaty," in which he lays down the boundary
of duebcc according to the act of 1774, and the
boundary of the United States in precise accord-
ance with the American claim. He was not at
that time geographer to the King. It is well known
that difficulties, veiy soon after the treaty of peace,
began to spring up between the United States and
Great Britain, which became more and more ex-
asperated, until the conclusion of the treaty nego-
tiated by Mr. Jay. During that period, the' bound-
ary of the United States became more restricted on
more British maps than the one published by Mr.
Faden. How far the new light let in upon him
by the feeling of the times and his new position
enlightened the mind of Mr. Faden in making his
new discoveries, it is neither our duty nor our dis-
position to discuss. Mr. Faden arid others were
only imitating, m this particular, what had been
done some thirty years bel'ote, during the contro-
versy between France and Great Britain; and again
in the subsequent one between the Crown and Mas-
sachusetts, when the officers of the Crown were
endeavoring to reclaim the territory east of the
Penobscot.
As they have been assured that Lord Ashburton
is restrained by his instructions from yielding the
island of Grand Manan, or any of the islands in
Passamaquoddy bay, or even any poition of the
narrow strip of territory which lies between the
due-north line from the source of the St. Croix and
the St. John river, above Eel river, so called, as an
equivalent for any portion of the tenitory claimed
by Maine as within her boundaties, her commis-
sioners, on their part, feel themselves constrained
to say that the portion of territory within the limits
of Maine, as claimed bv her, which they are pre-
pared, in a spirit of peace and good neighborhood,
to yield for the accommodation of Great Britain,
must be restrained and confined to such portion
only, and in such leasonable extent, as is necessary
to secure to Great Britain "an unobstructed com-
munication and connexion of her colonies with
each other." It appears, by his communication to
you, that his Lordship proposes to yield the dis-
puted territory claimed by New Hampshire, at the
source of the Connecticut river; the strip of dis-
puted territory at the head of Vermont, in the pos-
session of that State, north of the forty fifth parallel
of latitude; and the strip of disputed teriitory, em-
bracing Rouse's point, on Lake Champlam, north
of the same parallel, in the possession of the State
of New York, notwithstanding these have been
decided by the aibiter to belong of right to Great
Britain.
Now, the undersigned are fully aware of the im-
portance of having all these difficulties in regard
to boundaries amicably adjusted, and that it is
highly desirable to the United States to have them
st> adjusted, and to the particular States inter-
ested to be confirmed and quieted in their respect-
ive limits and possessions. But it cannot have
escaped your attention, that all this is proposed
to be done partly at the expense of Massachusetts,
but principally at.the expense of Maine. The
only thing in the nature of an equivalent offered
to Maine and Massachusetts, relates to a conces-
sion, by Great Britain, of the right of transporting
the produce of the forest without duty down the St,
John. It is not the intention of the undersigned to
depreciate or underrate the value of such a conces-
sion; but it is contended that it is a privilege as de-
sirable to New Brunswick as it is to Maine and
Massachusetts. It is to the territory of Maine,
watered by the St. John and its tributary streams,
that the city of St. John's must look for the principal
material to maintain her external commerce—for
her means to pay for the supplies she receives from
the mother country. The unobstructed navigation
of the St. John, for the transportation of the products
of the forest, free of toll or duty of any kind whatever,
would be a concession mutually advantageous to
Maine and Massachusetts on the one part, and to
Great Britain and New Brunswick on the other;
but, being.mutnally advantageous, it ought not, pier-
haps, to be treated exactly in the character of an
equivalent. Yielding, however, to the force of the
considerations which have been referred to—consid-
erations which affect materially the interests of
Maine and Massachusetts as members of the Union
—and assuming it for granted, and as a condition,
that the United States themselves will furnish to the
two States such an equivalent as, in justice and
equity, they ought to do, the undersigned, with the
assent and concurrence of the commissioners of
Massachusetts, propose the following as a conven-
tional line, or line by agreement, between the Uni-
ted States and the State ofMaineonthe one part,
and Greal Britain and the territories of her Britan-
nic Majesty on the other part, viz: Beginning at the *
middle of the main channel of the river St. John,
where the due-north line from the source of the
river St. Croix crosses the St. John; thence west-
erly, by the middle of the main channel of the St.
John, to a point three miles westerly of the mouth
of the river Madawaska; thence, by a straight line,
to the outlet of Long Lake; thence westerly, by a di-
rect line, to the point where the river St. Francis
empties itself into Lake Pohenagamook; thence,
continuing in the same direct line, to the highlands
which divide the waters emptying themselves into
the river Du Loup from those which empty them-
selves into the river St. Francis.
In proposing this line, the following reasons have
presented themselves to the undersigned for adopt-
ing it as a conventional line, or line by agreement,
in preference to any other:
1st. It yields to Great Britain all she needs to se-
cure to her "an unobstructed communication and
connexion of her colonies with each other;" and,
connected with the unobstructed and free naviga-
tion of the St. John, seems to meet the legitimate
wants of all parties.
•2d. The most natural boundary from the due,
north line to the highlands of the treaty would be
the St. John and the Madawaska to its source, as
first proposed by the American commissioners who
negotiated the peace of 1783. But as that boundary,
taken in its whole extent, would cut off the commu-
nication between the British colonies at the Grand
portage, the line here proposed removes that diffi-
culty. At or near the point wheie the proposed
line leaves the St. John, which, from the due-norih
line from the St. Croix, pursues a northwesterly
course upward,the river suddenly turns, and trends
for a distance of about five miles nearly south, and
thence for its whole course upward to its source
trends southerly of west. To pursue the line of the
St. John further west than the point indicated, which
is about three miles above the mouth of the Mada-
waska, would be to adopt an angular line project-
ing itself into the American territory. The outltt
of Long Lake is proposed as a natural and perma-
nent bound, which cannot be mistaken; and for the
same reason, the inlet of Lake Pohenagamook is
also proposed; and the line being continued to the
highlands, removes all possible ground of misap-
prehension and controversy.
3d. As Great Britain has restrained her minister
plenipotentiary from granting any territorial equiv-
alent, to be incorporated into the territorial limits of
Maine, any further concession of territory on the
part of Maine could hardly, it is apprehended, be
expected from her.
In making the proposition above submitted on
