16
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their part, in connexion with a concession on the
part of Great Britain of the unobstructed naviga-
tion of the St. John, and all its branches and tribu-
taries which, in any part, flow from the territory of
the United States, for the transportation of the lum-
ber and products of the forest, free of toll or duty,
the undersigned had supposed it quite possible that
they had misapprehended' the meaning intended to
be conveyed by the expression of Lord Ashburton,
where he speaks of "some one of the sources of the
St. John." But they have now just learned (infor-
mally) that the expression was used by him advi-
sedly, meaning thereby some one of the sources of
that river situated in the vicinity of the sources of
the Penobscot and Chaudiere. His proposition,
therefore, extends to a yielding, on the part of
Maine, of the whole territory on the north side of
the St. John, from .the due-north line to its source;
and this, too, without any territorial equivalent to
Maine. With this explanation, the language of
Lord Ashburton in calling the southern border of
the St. John, from the due-north line to the mouth
of Fish river, an "inconsiderable extent," is more
readily understood. To this pari of the proposition
there is only one reply. Whatever may be the so-
licitude of the undersigned that the difficulties which
have arisen in regard to the boundaries of Maine
may be amicably and definitively arranged, the
proposition, as now explained and understood, can-
not be acceded to.
In. making the offer they have submitted, the un-
dersigned are sensible their proposition involves a
sacrifice of no inconsiderable portion of the just
claims and expectations of Maine. It is made in
the spirit of peace—of conciliation. It is made to
satisfy her sister States that Maine is not pertina-
cious or unreasonable, but is desirous of peace,
and ready to make large sacrifices for the general
- good.
Before closing this communication, the under-
signed feel it their duty, by way of explanation to state
their views in regard to the French settlers at JVlad-
awaska. In any treaty which may be made with
Great Britain, affecting these people, the grants
which have been made to them by New Brunswick
may and ought to be confirmed in fee simple, with
such provision in regard to the possessory righis ac-
quired by other actual settlers there, as may be just
and equitable; and, also, the right may be reserved
to the settlers on both banks of the river to elect,
within some reasonable period, and determine of
which Government the individuals signifying their
election will remain, ur become citizens or subjects.
If, then, they should have any preference, they will
have it in their power, on mature consideration and
reflection, to decide for themselves, and act accord-
ingly. The hard lot and sufferings of these people,
and of their fathers, give them a claim to our sympa-
thies. The atrocious cruelties practised upon their
ancestors are matters of history; the appalling de-
tailsof them are among their traditions. The fathers
and the mothers have taught themtotheir children.
When fleeing from their oppressors, in 1785, they
settled down in the wilderness, at Madawaska; they
believed and understood themselves to be within the
limits and jurisdiction of the United States—a peo-
ple of whom France had been the friend and ally in
the war which had just terminated in their indepen-
dence,and who was still the friendand allyofFrance
in peace. Their history since that period had lost
little of its interest. Tuo few in number, too weak
in resources, too remote to expect or receive aid,
they have submitted to whatever master assumed
authority over them. With a knowledge of their
history, and the wrongs they and their ancestors
have suffered, it will be difficult for the people of
Maine to bring themselves into the beliet that
these people are opposed to living under the mild
andgentle sway of our free institutions. It will be
equally difficult for the people of Maine to satisfy
themselves that it is only from a lively and disin-
terested sympathy for these poor Frenchmen, that
the Govermnent-of Great Britain is so solicitous to
retain possession of the south bank of the St. John,
extending from the due-north line, more than fitly
miles, up to Fish river. On the best consideration
they have been able to give to this subject, the un-
dersigned can see nothing in the condition or cir-
cumstances of these settlers which would justify
them in abandoning the very obvious and only
natural boundary, to adopt one that must be alto-
gether arbitrary.
The undersigned avail themselves of this occa-
sion to tender to Mr. Webster, Secretary of State,
assurances of their distinguished consideration and
respect.
WM. P. PREBLE,
v EDWARD KAVANAOtfi,
EDWARD KENT,
JOHN OTIS.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secretary of State.
[confidential.]
Mr. Webster to the Commissioners oj Maine and
Massachusetts.
Department of State,
Washington, 12th July, 1842.
Gentlemen: I place in your hands a note re-
ceived yesterday from Loid Ashburton; it would
have been transmitted sooner, but I was not able to
lead it myself until this morning.
I shall have the honor of inviting a confer-
ence with you at an early opportunity, being very
desirous of making progress in the business in
which we are engaged, and satisfied that the various
parties in interest are as well prepared now to come
to a decision as they are likely to be at any time
hereafter.
I have the honor, &o.,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
The Hon. Commissioners
Of Maine and Massachusetts.
71/r. Webster to the Maine Commissioners.
Department of State,
Washington, July 15, 1842,
Gentlemen: Yoti have had an opportunity of
reading Lord Ashburton's note to me of the 11th of
July. Since that date, I have had full and frequent
conferences with him respecting the Eastern boun-
dary, and believe I understand what is practicable
to be done on that subject, so far as he is concern-
ed. In these conferences, he has made no positive
or binding proposition—thinking, perhaps, it would
be more desirable, under present circumstances,
that such proposition should proceed from the
side of the United States. I have reason to be-
lieve, however, that he would agree to a line of
boundary between the United States and the
British provinces of Canada and New Bruns-
wick, such as is described in a paper accompa-
nying this, (marked B,) and identified by my sig-
nature.
In establishing the line between the monument
and the St. John, it is thought necessary to adhere
to that run and marked by the surveyors of the two
Governments in 1817 and 1818. There is no doubt
that the line recently run by Major Graham is more
entirely correct; but, being an eo, parte line, there
would be objections to agreeing to it without ex-
amination, and thus another survey would become
necessary. Grants and settlements, also, have been
made, in conformity with the former line, and.its
errors are so inconsiderable that it is not thought
that their correction is a sufficient object to dis-
turb these settlements. Similar considerations have
had great weight in adjusting the line in other parts
of it.
The territory in dispute between the two coun-
tries contains 1<!,027 square miles, equal to 7,697,280
acres.
By the line described in the accompanying pa-
per, there" will be assigned to the United States
/,015 .-.qnare miles, equal to 4,489,000 acres; and to
England 5,012 square miles, equal to 3,207,680
acres.
By the award of the King of the Netherlands,
there was assigned to the United States 7,908 square
miles—5,061,120 acres; to England 4,119 square
miles—2,636,160 acres.
The territory proposed to be relinquished to Eng-
land, south ol the line of the King of the Nether-
lands, is, as you will see, the mountain range from
the upper part of the St. Francis river to the meet-
ing of the two contested lines of boundary, at the
Metjarmette portage, in the [highlands, near the
source of the St. John. This mountain tract con-
tains 893 square miles—equal to 571,520 acres. It
is supposed to be of no value for cultivation or
settlement. On this point you will see, herewith,
a letter from Captain Talcott, who has been occu-
pied two summers in exploring the line of the
highlands, and is intimately acquainted with the
territory. The line leaves to the United States,
between the base of the hills and the left bank of the
St. John, and lying along upon the river, a territory
of 657,280 acres, embracing, without doubt, all the
valuable land south of the St. Francis, and west of the
St. John. Of the general division of the territory,
it is believed it may be safely said that, while the
portion remaining with the United States is in
quantity seven-twelfths, in value it is at-least four-
fifths of the whole.
Nor is it supposed that the possession of the
mountain region is of any importance in connexion
with the defence of the country, or any military
operations. It lies below all the accustomed prac-
ticable passages for troops into and out of Lower
Canada; that is to say, the ChaudiSre, Lake Cham-
plain, and the Richelieu, and the St. Lawrence.
If an army with its materiel could possibly pass into
Canada over these mountains, it would only find
itself on the banks of the St. Lawrence, below Que-
bec; and, on the other hand, it is not conceivable
that an invading enemy from Lower Canada would
attempt a passage in this direction, leaving the
Chaudiere on one hand, and the route by Mada-
waska on the other.
If this line should be agreed to on the part of the
United States, I suppose that the British Minister
would, as an equivalent, stipulate, first, for the use
of the river St. John, for the conveyance of the tim-
ber growing on any of its branches to tide water,
free from discriminating tolls, impositions, or in-
abilities of any kind; the timber enjoying all the
privileges of British colonial timber. All opinions
concur that this privilege of navigation must great-
ly enhance the value of the territory and the timber
growing thereon, and prove exceedingly usefnl to
the people of Maine. Second, that Rouse's Point,
in Lake Champlain, and the lands heretofore sup-
posed to be within the limits of New Hampshire,
Vermont, and New York, but which a correct as-
certainment of the 45th parallel of latitude shows to
be in Canada, should be surrendered to the United
Stales.
It is probable, also, that the disputed line of boun-
dary in Lake Superior might be so adjusted as to
leave a disputed island within the United States.
These cessions on the part of England would
enure partly to the benefit of the States of New
Hampshire, Vermont, and New York, but princi-
pally to the United States. The consideration on
the part of England for making them, would be the
manner agreed upon for adjusting the Eastern
boundary. The price of the cession, therefore,
whatever it might be, would, in fairness, belong to
the two States interested in the manner of that ad-
justment.
Under the influence of these considerations, I am
authorized to say that, if the commissioners of the
two States assent to the line as described in the ac-
companying paper, tha United States will under-
take to pay to these States the sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be divided between
them in equal moieties; and, also, to undertake for
the settlement and payment of the expenses incur-
red by those States for the maintenance of the civil
posse; and, also, for a survey which it was found
necessary to make.
The line suggested, with the compensations and
equivalents which have been stated, is now submit-
ted for your consideration. That it is all which
might have been hoped for, looking to the strength
of the American claim, can hardly be said. But,
as the settlement of a controversy of such duration
is a matter of high importance; as equivalents of
undoubted value are offered; as longer postpone-
ment and delay would lead to further inconveni-
ence, and to the incurring of further expenses;
and as no better occasion—or, perhaps, any other
occasion—for settling the boundary by agreement,
or on the principle of equivalents, is ever likely to
present itself, the Government of the United States
hopes that the commissioners of the two States will
find it to be consistent with their duty to assent to
the line proposed, and to the terms and conditions
attending the proposition.
The President has felt the deepest anxiety for an
amicable settlement of the question, in a manner
honorable to the country, and such as should pre-
serve the rights and interests of the States con-
cerned. From the moment of the announcement of
Lord Aslibuiton's mission, he has sedulously en-
deavored to pursue a course the most respectful
towards the States, and the most useful to their in-
terests, as well asthe most becoming to the charac-
ter and dignity of the Government. He will be
happy if the result shall be such as shall satisfy
Maine and Massachusetts, as well as the rest of the
country. With these sentiments on the pait of the
President, and with the conviction that no more
advantageous arrangement can be made, the sub-
