CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cons 3d Sess.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1842.
Volume 12* *-No. 2
(Continued from No. 1.)
ject is now referred to the grave deliberation of the
commissioners.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
To the Hon. the Commissioners op Maine.*
_ Beginning at the monument at the source of the
river St. Croix, as designated by the commissioners
under the fifth article of the treaty of 1794, between
the Governments of the United States and Great
Britain; thence, north, following the exploring line
run and marked by the surveyors of the two Gov-
ernments in the years 1817and 1818, under the fifth
article of the treaty of Ghent, to its intersection
with the river St. John, and to the middle of the
channel thereof; thence, up the middle of the main
channel of the said river St. John, to the mouth of the
river St. Francis; thence, up the middle of the
channel of the said river St. Francis, and of the
lakes through which it flows, to the outlet of the
lake Pohenagamook; thence, southwesterly, in a
straight line, to a point on the northwest branch of
the river St. John, which point shall be ten miles
distant from the main branch of the St. John, in a
straight line, and in the nearest direction; but it the
said point shall be found to be less than seven miles
from the nearest point of the summit or crest of
the highlands that divide those rivers which empty
themselves into the river St. Lawrence from those
which fall into the Atlantic ocean, then the said
point shall be made to recede down the said riyer
to a point seven miles in a straight line from the
said summit or crest; thence, in a straight line, in
a course about south eight degrees west, to the
point where the parallel of latitude ot 16 deg. 23
min. intersects the southwest branch of the St.
John; thence, southerly, by the said branch, to the
source thereof, in the highlands at the Metjarmctte
portage; thence, down along the .said highlands, to
the head of Hall's stream; thence, down the middle
of said stream, till the line thus run intersects the
old line of boundary surveyed and marked by Val-
entine and Collins, previously to the year 1774, as
the 45th degree of latitude, and which has been
known and understood to be the line of actual divi-
sion between the States of New York and Ver-
mont on one side, and the British province of Cana-
da on the other; and from said point of intersec-
tion, west, along the said dividing line, as heretofore
known and understood, to the Iroquois or St. Law-
rence river.
Coplaiti Tcdcolt to :]/>, Webster.
Washington, J lth July, !84'2.
Sir: The territury within the lines mentioned by
you contains eight hundred and iii'iehj three square
miles, equal to fire hundred and seventy-one thou-
sand Jive hundred and, in-enhi acres. It is a long
and narrow tract upon the mountains or highlands'
the distance from Lake Pohenagamook to the Met.
jarmette portage being one hundred and ten miles.
The territory is barren, and without timber of
value^ and 1 should estimate that nineteen pans
out ot twenty are unfit for cultivation. Along 80
miles of this territory, the highlands throw'up
into irregular eminences of diliferent heights, and,
though observing a genet al northeast and south-
west direction, are not brought well into line. Some
of the elevations are over three thousand feet above
ihe sea.
The formation is primitive siliceous rock, with
slate resting upon it, around the basi-. Between
the eminences are mora-.ses end swamps, through-
out which beds of moss, of luxuriant growth, rest
on and cover the rocks and earth beneath. The
growth is such as i~- usual in mountain regions on
tiiis continent, in iiigh latitudes. On some ol the
ridges and eminences, lurch and maple are found;
on others, spruee and til; and in the swamps, spruce
intermixed with cedar, but the wood, e\ei ywiieie,
is insignificant, and ol siinted giowth. !l will
readily b-; seen, therefore, lh.it. for cultivation, or
^lui-eti
:amp, niutath: >nuluri(h-\ to Oie ('oni'iii^iutiers of Ma^a
as capable of furnishing the means of human sub-
sistence, the lands are of no value.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
A. TALCOTT, Commissioner.
Hon. Daniel Webster, Secretary of State.
The Maine Commissioners to Mr. Webster.
Washington, July 1G, 1849.
Sir: We learn from the letter addressed to you
by Lord Ashburton, dated the 11th instant, and by
you communicated to the commissioners of Maine
and Massachusetts, that the line proposed by us as a
conventional line, with the assent and concurrence
of the commissioners of Massachusetts, in our note
to you of the 29th ultimo, is inadmissible. His
Lordship even expresses himself as being "quite
at a loss to account for such a proposal;" and ap-
peals to your candid judgment to say "whether
this is a proposition of conciliation," and whether
if could reasonably be expected tha't, whatever
might be the anxiety of "his Government for a
friendly settlement, he could be found with power
to accede to such terms. That public, to which
his Lordship more than once alludes in both his
letters, will have it in their power lo judge which
proposition, on the whole, under all the circum-
stances of the case, is best entitled to the charac-
ter of conciliatory—his Lordship's or ours. To
you, sir, the commissioners must be permitted to
insist that they did intend and consider their offer
as a proposition of conciliation, however if may
appear to Lord Ashburton. It is predicated upon
the basis of yielding to Great Britain ail she
needs, and more lhan she needs, for Ihe natural,
convenient, and "unobstructed communication and
connexion of hei colonies with each other.". A
desire on her part lo obiam which, is believed to be
at the bottom of this controversy, and the necessity
of securing which, even his Lordship seems to ad-
mit has been the main reason of her continuing
lo persist in it. The roval arhiler, as his Lordship
is pleased lo call him, clearly undctstood this, and
governed himself accordingly. He recommended
the yielding, on the part of the United States, of
this portion of territory, coupling it at the same
lime with the yielding, on the part of Great Brit-
ain, to the United States, of Rouse's Point, on Lake
Champlain, and the fort there erected, with its
kilomctrieal radius, and so much of the territory
adjacent as might be necessary to include it. The
existence of such a place and its fortifications had
not been even alluded to in the American state-
ments nor by the American agents. The British
agents could not suffer such a fad to pass unno-
ticed. They studiously informed the royal arbiter
in their first statement, and took care to advert to it
again in their second, that there was "a certain
point called Ilouse's Point, where there happened to
be an important American fort, which had been
erected not long before, at considerable expense, as
a defence for that frontier." Thus admonished of
the fact, the royal arbiter readily availed himself
of it, and placed the value and convenience of this
supposed important military position and fortifica-
tion to the account of the United Slates, as an off-
set for the territory in Maine needed for the con-
venience of Gieat Britain, and for "the unobstruct-
ed communication and connexion of hei colonies
with each other;" supposing, without doubt, that
in so doing he was promoting the interests, and
objects, and convenience of both nations. When,
therefore, Lord Ashburton bases his proposition
on the supposition that "the division by the King
of the Netherlands satisfied fairly the equity of
the case between the parties," and restrains that
monarch's views to an equitable division of the
territory in dispute in Maine only, he overlooks,
as it appear.-, to us, the fact that both matters
were before his Majesty's mind at one and the
same time; and that, as ill Ihe one instance he
iceommended that a cerlain portion of tenitoi'y
should be yielded bv the United States to Great
Britain for her accommodation, so, in the other,
he recommended that a certain other portion of
territory, belonging of right to Great Briiain, in
iiis opinion, should be yielded by Great Britain lo
the United States, for their supposed accommoda-
tion and security, it is true that House's Point
had formerly been considered as of great import-
ance as a military position, and that the United
States had expended very large sums of money in
erecting fortifications there. The royal arbiter,
therefore, acting under the influence of the ex-
paite information so gratuitously furnished him,
might well attach to Rouse's Point and its fortifica-
tions an inflated importance; and, taking the whole
relations and interests of the parties before him in-
to consideration, might regard his recommendation
as satisfying fairly the equity of the case between
the parties. But, however this may be, it is certain
that what would be an equitable division of the ter-
ritory in dispute was never submitted to the King
of the Netherlands at all by the United States; that
no evidence upon that point was placed before him
by the United Stat®; nor were the United States or
theirjgents eve'r heard or consulted on that point
byTiim. Against the adoption of his i eeommenda-
tion in "this respect, the State of Maine has ever
solemnly protested; and the Senate of the United
States, who alone had the constitutional power to
adopt and ratify it, rejected it with great unanimi-
ty. The recommendation of the royal arbiter,
therefore, given under such circumstances, can in
no way affect the rights of the parties in interest,
and is in fact entitled to no more consideration and
respect than that "of any other gentleman of equal
intelligence and information under the same cir-
cumstances. Wc feel it our duty, therefore, to say
to you that the hypothesis assumed by Lord Ash-
burton, that the portion of disputed territory cut off
from Maine by the line recommended by the King
of the Netherlands should be yielded to Great Brit-
ain without any equivalent whatever, cannot be,
and in our opinion ought not for a moment to be,
admitted or acquiesced in by the commissioners of
Maine.
Among the objections made by Lord Ashburton
to the line proposed by us, drawn from the bend of
the St. John, three miles above the mouth of the
Madawaska, to the outlet of Long lake, one is, that
it is an arbitrary line, which nobody ever suggested
before; and that it would give to Great Britain less
than the award of the arbiter. All this is true.
But the line proposed by us is a straight line, like
that from the source of the St. Croix, drawn lrom
one well-known natural monument to another well-
known natural monument, within convenient dis-
tances of each other, and about which there eould
be no mistake or dispute. It yields also all, and
more than all, that is needed by Great Britain for
the unobstructed communication and connexion of
her colonies with each other; and, as suggested by
us in our note of the 29th ult., was proposed, rather
than the channel of the Madawaska, solely for that
reason and on that account; and what does Great
Britain want of more'! If the true character of that
territory be of the description—"the miserable de-
scription"—stated by hfc Lordship in his note of the
21st ult., why should he feel it to be an objection that
the line proposed by us would give to Great Britain
less than the award of the arbiter, when it gives
her enough lo answer all her purposes'! Beyond
the designated bend of the St. John, the course of
that river is such as to make with the St. Francis
an acute angle—thereby forming between them a
wedge of territory inserting itself, for its whole
length, according to that award, into the territory of
the United States, Again, at the mouth of the
Turtle river, (so called^) a few miles above the des-
ignated bend of the St. John, there is a small set-
tlement of Americans holding their lands under
grants from Maine and Massachusetts. Again: the
river St. Francis is one whose course is exceedingly
crooked, having many sharp bends; so that, while
the distance by the river and lakes from the Grand
Portage to the mouth of ihe St. Francis is estima-
ted by the assistant geologist of Massachusetts
(who followed it down its whole length) at not less
than eighty-five miles, the distance from the one
point to the other in a straight line is only about
forty^miles. Moreover, the line recommended by
the King of the Netherlands, wilhout any knowl-
edge of the topography of the country, is believed
to be impracticable, on account of there being, in
fact, no suc-h stream emptying into the lake as, in
his recommendation, he supposes to exist. And
we will add, that, however miserable his Lor^s|^
