in
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may consider the territory there to be, we regard it
of much value, inasmuch as it is well known to
be covered with a fine growth of timber—equal, it
is said, to any to be found on the disputed terri-
tory.
In connexion with these considerations, we wish
to add a few words on the subject of the right to
float down our timber on the St. John, since his
Lordship has made it a special subject of comment.
Great changes, as his Lordship well knows, are
brought about in the state of things by the mere
course of time. The timber of New Brunswick
suitable for the British market has nearly all dis-
appeared. While they had a supply of their own,
the right of carrying down our lumber was most
strenuously and pertinaciously resisted, as Lord
Ashburton himself states. A very large quantity
of the most valuable lumber is situated on the bank
of the Alagash, above the falls of that river. By
first, throwing a dam across the Alagash, and then,
with a common pickaxe and spade, digging a chan-
nel across the.British highlands, our enierprising
lumbermen have found the means of turning the
valuable timber of the Alagash down the river
Penobscot. More than six million feet of this, lum-
ber were'sawed in the mills of the Penobscqt the
last season. How far the change in the disposition
of the British cabinet, which his Lordship speaks
of, has been effected by these and the like consider-
ations, it is not our purpose to inquire; nor do we
mean to be understood as undervaluing this change
ot policy. Our object has been to show that Great
Britain, in making the proposition, is pursuing her
own objects, and promoting her own, interests, and
not making any sacrifice, by way of"an equivalent
for-concessions on our part. It will not have escaped
your recollection that the river St John is not a
river navigable from the sea, in the ordinary ac-
ceptation of that expression. There is a ledge
running across the mouth of that river, of such
a character that, owing to the very high tides in
the Bay of Fundy, there is a fail of about twenty
feet out at low water, and a fall of some four feet
in at high water. It is only about forty five min-
utes in a tide that you can pass in or out of the
river at all; and, even during that short period,
the passage is a difficult and dangerous one. So,
again, there is a fall of about forty feet 011 the
Aroostook before you reach the American territo-
ry; and a fall also on the St. John itself of eighty
feet, before you reach the State of Maine, as yon
follow up the river. The boasted free navigation
of the St. John and its tributaries, from the dispu-
ted territory, may well be illustrated by the free
navigation of the Potomac to this city from the
valley of the Shenandoah. When, therefore, as
commissioners of Maine, we consented to accept,
as an equivalent from Great Britain for the terri-
tory proposed to be yielded to her for her conve-
nience and accommodation, the nee navigation of
lhe Sr. John for the floating- clown of our lumber,
we did consider ourselves, under all the circum-
stances of the case, as having proposed all that a
liberal spirit of conciliation could rcquiie us to do.
And it will not be deemed improper by you if we
here advert to the fact that we cannoi regard the
relinquishment by the British Government of any
claim heretofore advanced by it to territory within
the limits of Maine, as asserted by her, as a con-
sideration or equivalent for the yielding, on our
pait, to Great Britain, of any other portion of the
same territory. On this point, the declarations
of the Legislature of Maine are explicit, and we
are bound to respect them.
By his Lordship's note of the 11th instant, we
learn thtft he withdraws that part of his proposition
which relates to a cession of territory on the south
side of the St. John. Even with this restriction of
his proposition, the adoption of the St. John as a
boundary from the line drawn due north from the
source of the St. Croix, at its intersection with the
St. John, to a source of that river in the vicinity of
tlie sources of the Penobscot and Metjarmette
would yield to Great Britain nearly four millions
of acres, and more than one-half ot the whole ter-
ritory to which she has ever pretended to set up a
claim. Nor is this all. His Lordship further pro-
poses to abide by the exploring line (so called) run
and marked in 1817, from the monument at the
source of the St, Croix—a line which interferes
with, and cuts off, a portion of the grants made Ion"
before by Massachusetts. This line is well known
not to be the true line—never was run as such nor
pretended so to be. It takes, however, from Maine
a strip of territory which is nearly a mile wide
where it crosses the St. John, and -which diminishes
in width till it reaches the monument. His Lord-
ship's proposition contemplates the adoption and
establishment of that exploring line as the true
boundary. It does not fall within our province to
consider the value of those shreds and patches
which his Lordship proposes to yield to the United
States as an equivalent. In New Hampshire, he
consents to take the true northwest source of Con-
necticut river, instead of' the northeast source, as
being the source intended in the treaty of 1783.
In Vermont, he will abide by the old line, which
was run, marked, and solemnly established nearly
seventy years ago. In New York, he will abide by
the same old line, the effect of rectifying it being
merely to give to New York a small angular strip
on the west, and Great Britain a small angular strip
on the east. These small tracts and parings shaved
from the States just named, and the right of float-
ing down the St. John the products of the forest,
as already explained, constitute alone the sum and
magnitude of the equivalent offered by his Lordship
for the whole teiritory of Maine on the north side
of the St. John. Whether such a proposition has
pre-eminent claims over the one we have made, to
bo regarded as a "proposition of conciliation," we
leave to tint public to which his Lordship is pleased
so often to refer.
Lord Ashburton has been led into an error, (un-
intentional, no doubt, on- his part) if he supposes
that, in submitting to you what we apprehend to be
the reason why the precise and peculiar phraseol-
ogy used in the treaty of J 783, respecting the north-
west angle of Nova Scotia, was adopted by the dis-
tinguished men who framed it, our object was to
revive and enter npon a controversy, which, for the
present, at least, should be permitted to rest in
peace. His Lordship, in his letter to you of the 2lst
ultimo, had assumed it as a fact, and as the ground
upon which the negotiation for an amicable settle-
ment was to proceed, that ihe language and phrase-
ology of the treaty of 1783 was such, "that the
treaty itself was not executable according to its
strict expression." We, on our part, could make
no such "admission," nor acquiesce in any such
"presumption," nor by our silence even be supposed,
for a moment, to proceed in the negotiation on any
such ground or hypothesis; nor could we suffer to
pass without observation the declaration of a set-
tled conviction on the part of the minister of Great
Britain, made under such circumstances, and with
such bearings, "that it was the intention of the par-
ties to the treaty of 1783 to leave to Great Britain
the whole waters of the St. John." If his Lord-
ship would have avoided the introduction of any
remarks bearing 011 these points on our part, it
seems to us that he himself should have avoided
giving occasion for them. It is not a little remark-
able, that the very dispute which the sagacious men
who framed the treaty endeavored, by their studied
and select phraseology and terms to guard against,
should have arisen, notwithstanding all their care
and precaution.
We have already shown, in our letter to you of
the 2Dth ultimo, that the members of the Continen-
tal Congress and the framers of the treaty of 1783
well knew of the existence and prescriptions of the
proclamation of 17G3, and the provisions of the
Quebec act of 1774. They also well knew that
the northwest angle of Nova Scotia, and the north-
east angle of Massachusetts (Maine) were adjacent
angles.
They knew that the jurisdiction of Massachusetts
and Nova Scotia extended back fiom the Atlantic
ocean to the Southern boundary of the province of
Gluebec; and they well knew that the southern
boundary of the province of Quebec, both by the
proclamation of 1703 and the Quebec act of 1774
was the north side of the bay des Chaleurs and the
line of the highlands, lying on the south side of the
St. Lawrence, in which the rivers that empty them-
selves into the river St. Lawrence, on that side, take
their rise. When, however, they came to inquire
whereabouts was the line that separated Massa-
chusetts from Nova Scotia, they were at a loss
Accordingly, both in the instructions drawn up
and sanctioned in 1779, and in the report and
doings of the Congress in August, 1782, it was
proposed that the eastern boundary should be "a
line to be settled and adjusted between that part ot
the State of Massachusetts Bay, formerly called
the piovince of Maine, and the colony of Nova
Scotia, according to their respective rights." The
Committee of Congress, in their report of 16th
August, J 783, after suggesting several vague and ,
unsatisfactory reasons for considering the St. John
as the true boundary, add: "We are obliged to urge
probabilities;" "but we wish that the Northeastern
boundary of Massachusetts may be left to future
discussion, when other evidences may be obtained,
which the war has removed from us." Mr. Adams,
in his answer to an interrogatory propounded to
him 15th August, 1797, says, speaking of the ne-
gotiations at Paris: "Documents from the public
offices in England were brought over and laid be-
fore us." Again: "The ultimate agreement was to
adhere to the charter of Massachusetts Bay, and
St. Croix river mentioned in it, which wassupposed
to be delineated on Mitchell's map." The charter
of Massachusetts Bay, here referred to, originally
embraced Nova Scotia also; but Nova Scotia hav-
ing been erected into a separate province, the limits
and jurisdiction of Massachusetts were curtailed
and restricted to the western boundary, and that
boundary was the river.St. Croix.
To remove all doubts in regard to the limit or
boundary between Nova Scotia and Massachusetts
Bay, the King of Great Britain, on the 2lst day of
November, 1763, established and defined it as fol-
lows, viz: "To the westward, although our said
Province (Nova Scotia) hath anciently extended,
and doth of right extend, as far as the river Penta-
gons, or Penobscot, it shall be bounded by a line
drawn from Cape Sable across the entrance of the
bay of Fundy, to the mouth of the river St. Croix,
by the said river to its source, and by a line drawn
due north from thence to the southern boundary of
our colony of Quebec;" that is to say, to the line of
the highlands from whose notthern declivity issue
the streams that form the rivers which empty them-
selves into the river St. Lawrence on its south side.
Instead, therefore, of leaving the eastern boundary
of Massachusetts to future discussion, as proposed
provisionally in the instructions of Congress of 1779,
and by the committee in 1782, in order to get "other
evidences," the commissioners at Paris, having the
documents before them, and to prevent all disputes
which might in future arise on the subject ofboun-
daries, at once ingrafted into the treaty the boundary
prescribed by the document of21st November, 1763,
already quoted, as the boundary between Nova
Scotia and the United States. Hence, also, in con-
nexion with the facts stated in our communication,
in respect to the uncertainty that had existed in re-
gard to the true position of the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia, the peculiar care and abundant cau-
tion with which they specified and defined which
of all of those places or positions where the north-
west angle of Nova Scolia had been supposed to be
situated, was the place or position of the northwest
angle of Nova Scotia, intended by the framers of
the treaty. We do not assume to say that any other
and different view of these facts is most absurd; but
we will venture to,say. with the most entire respect
for Lord Ashburton, that, in our opinion, an argu-
ment drawn from notorious and well-authenticated
facts, such as these, whether it be an old or a new
discovery, is deserving of more careful examina-
tion and more consideration than his Lordship
seems to have bestowed upon it.
There is one other view, presented with much
confidence in his Lordship's letter, which we can-
not permit to pass unnoticed; we mean the expres-
ssion of his belief that "to consider the Ristigonche
as Cowing into the Atlantic ocean would be more
than hazardous—it would be most absurd."
The southern boundary of the colony of Quebec
is declared by the proclamation of 1763 to be "a line
which passes along the highlands which divide the
rivers that empty themselves into the said river St
Lawrence from those which fall info the sea and
aiso along the north coast of the Bay des Chaleurs
and the coast of the gulf of St. Lawrence," &c.
The place of the mouth of the river St. Lawrence
in contradistinction to the guljof St. Lawrence is a
point established beyond all dispute. It is at the
west end of the island of Anticosti. The river Ris-
tigouche, which empties itself through the Bay des
Chaleurs into the gulf of St. Lawrence, is, by the
proclamation, classed and considered as one of "the
rivers which empty themselves into the sea," not-
withstanding the bay des Chaleurs and the gulf of
bt. Lawrence are both named by their distinctive
appellations m the same sentence. In another part
of the same instrument, the governors are inhibited
from passing any patents for any lands beyond the
heads of any of "the livers which fall into the At-
lantic ocean from the we<l and northwest." And in
another clause it is said: "Our will and pleasure, as
aforesaid, [is,J to reserve all the lands and territo
