§0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their part to bring the controversy to an amicable,
juc.t, and honorable termination. In coining to this
consideration, they have not been unmindful that
the State of Maine, with the firmest conviction of
her absolute right to the whole territory drawn in-
to controversy, and sustained, as she has been, by the
unanimous concurrence of her sister States, and of
the Government of the Union, repeatedly expressed
and cordially given; and without a wavering doubt
as to the perfect practicability of marking the treaty
lii}£ upon the face of the earth, according to her
claim has yet, at all times, manifested a spirit of
forbc«ranee and patience under what she could not
but deem unfounded pretensions, and unwarranta-
ble delays, and irritating encroachments. In the
midst of all the provocations to resistance, and to
the assertion and maintenance of her extreme
rights, she has never forgotten that she is a member
of the Union; and she has endeavored to deserve
the respect, sympathy, and co-operation of her sis-
ter States, by pursuing a course equally removed
from pusillanimity and rashness, and by maintain-
ing iter difficult position in a spirit that would for-
bear much for peace, but would yield nothing
thr.ough.fear. At all times, and under all circum-
stances, she has been-ready and anxious to bring
the controversy to a close, upon terms honorable
and equitable, and to unite in any proper scheme to
effect that object. In this spint, and with these
convictions, Maine instantly and cheerfully ac-
ceded to the proposal of the General Government,
made through you, to appoint commissioners.
That no obstacle might be interposed to the suc-
cessful issue of this negotiation, her Legislature
gave to her commissioners ample and unlimited
'powers, which, but for the presumed necessity of
the case, her people would be slow to yield to any
functionaries. Her commissioners, thus appointed
and thus empowered, assumed the duties imposed
upon them in the spirit and with the views of the
Government and people of Maine. They came to
the negotiation with a firm conviction of her rights,
bat with a disposition and determination to meet a
conciliatory proposition for a conventional line in
a similar spirit, and to yield, lor any reasonable
equivalent, all that they presumed would be asked
or desired by the other party. They, with the other
citizens of Maine, were not unapprized of the fact,
so olten alluded to in our former communications,
that England had long been anxious to obtain the
undisputed possession of that portion of the terri-
tory which would enable her to maintain a direct
and uninterrupted communication between her
provinces. So lar as they could learn from any
source, this was the only professed object .-he had in
view, and the only one which had been regarded as
in contemplation.
With this understanding, the undersigned at once
•decided lo yield, upon the most liberal terms, this
long-sought convenience; and they indulged the
•confident expectation that sucli a concession would
at csnce meet all the wants and wishes of the English
■Government, and bring the mission to a speedy and
satisfactory close. When, therefore, we were met
at the outset by a proposition which lequired the
cession, on our part, of all the territory north of the
St. John river, and enough of th(j territory on the
;>outh to include the Madawaska settlement, extend-
ing at least fifty miles up that river, u ith no other
equivalents to us than the limited right lo float
limber down that river, and to the United States the
small tracts adjacent to the forty-fifth parallel of
latitude in olher States, we could not but express
our regret lo be thus, as it were, repelled. But, re-
garding this rather as the extreme limit of a claim,
subject, notwithstanding the strong language of
Lord Ashburton, to be restrained and limited, we
deemed it proper, in our communication of the 16th
instant, after declining lo accede to the proposition,
in conjunction with the commissioners of Massa-
chusetts, to point out and offer a conventional line
of boundary as therein specified. In fixing on this
line, we were mainly anxious to select such a one
as should at once and pre-eminently give to Great
Britain all that was necessary for her understood ob-
ject, and to preserve to Maine the remainder of her
territory To accomplish this object, we departed
from the river, to secure the unobstructed use of the
accustomed way from Gluebec to Halifax. We are
not aware that any objection has been made, from
any quarter, to this line, as not giving up to Great
Britain all that she needed, or could reasonably ask,
for the above purpose. And although Lord Ash-
burton did not deem it necessary to "examine the
jine (proposed) in its precise details," or to look at
a map on whicliit could most readily be traced;-and
although he has seen fit to say that he was "quite
at a loss to account for such a proposal," yet he has
not intimated that the line suggested fails, in any
respect, to meet the object we had in view, and which
we frankly and readily avowed. It is well known
to you, sir, that we had determined upon no such
inflexible adherence to that exact demarcation as
would have prevented us from changing it, upon
any reasonable evidence that it did not, in every
respect, meet the requirements of the above-stated
proposition, in relation to a perfect line of commu-
nication. But believing then, as we do now, that it
did thus meet all these requirements; and although
it was, as we. feel bound to say, the general and con-
fident expectation of the people of Maine that any
relinquishment, on our pait, of jurisdiction and ter-
ritory, would be, in pari at least, compensated from
that strip of contiguous territory on the west bank
of the St. John; yet, when we were solemnly assured
that no such cession cculd be made under his Lord-
ship's instructions, we forebore to press for this
reasonable and just exchange, and contented our-
selves with accepting the limited right of navigation
of the river, as the only equivalent from Great Brit-
ain for the territory and jurisdiction we offered to
surrender. And, as you will remark, we offered
- not merely a right ol way on land for a similar
easement on the water, but the entire and absolute
title to the land and jurisdiction of the large tract
north and east of the line specified. It cannot be
denied that it preserves to us a frontier in a forest
almost impenetrable on the north, which would de-
fend itself by its own natural character, and that, if
anything should be deducted Irom the agricultural
value of lhat portion beyond the Madawaska settle-
ments, on account of its ruggedness and its want of
attraction to settlers, much may justly be added to
its value as a boundary between the two nations.
The value of this tract to Great Britain, both in
a civil and military point of view, cannot be over-
looked. It gives her the much coveted route for
the movement of troops in war, and her mails and
passengers in peace, and is most particularly im-
portant in case of renewed outbreaks in her North
American colonies. The assumption of jurisdic-
tion in the Madawaska settlement, and the perti-
nacity with which it has been maintained, are prac-
tical evidence of the value attached to the tract by
the Government of her Britannic Majesty.
We have alluded to these views of the value and
importance ol this territory, not with any design of
expressing our regret that we thus offered it, but to
show that we are fully aware of all these views
and circumstances affecting the question, and that
we duly appreciate the lar-seeing sagacity and pru-
dence (if those British statesmen who so early at-
tempted to secure it as a cession, by negotiation,
and the suggestion ol equivalents.
The answer of Lord Ashburton to your note of
the 8th instant, contained a distinct rejection of our
offer, with a substantial withdrawal of his claim to
any territory south of the river St. John, but not
modifying the claim for the relinquishment, on the
part of Maine and the United States, of all north
of that liver. Our views in reference to many of
the topics in his Lordship's reply we have had the
honor heretofore to communicate to you, in our
note of the 10th instant; and to that answer we
would now refer, as forming an important part of
this negotiation, and as containing our refusal of'
tke lineindicated. We are now called upon to con-
sider the final pioposition made by or through the
Government ol the United States, foi our consider-
ation and acceptance. The line indicated may be
shortly defined as (he line recommended by the
King of the Netherlands, and an addition thereto
of a strip of land, at the base of the highlands, run-
ning to the source of the southwest branch of the
St. John. The examination and consideration of
all other lines, which might better meet our views
and objects, have been precluded by the declara-
tion, and other plenary evidence we have, that the
line specified in your communication is the most
advantageous that can be offered to us; and that no
one of less extent, or y ielding in fact less to the other
party, can be deemed admissible We arc, there-
fore, brought to the single and simple considera-
tion of the question—whether we can, consistently
with our views of our duty to the State we repre-
sent, accept the proposition submitted by you.
So far as any claim is interposed, based upon a
supposed equity arising from the recommendation
of the King of the Netherlands, we have only to
refer to our former note for our views on that
topic. We have now only to add, that we came to
this conference untrammelled and free, to see if, in
a spirit of amity and equity, we could not find and
agree upon some new line, which, whilst it yielded
all that was needed by one party, might fairly be
the motive and groundwork for equivalent territo-
ry or rights granted to the other; and that we can-
not make any admission, or consent to any propo-
sition, which would not revive, but put vitality and
power into that which, up to this time, has never
possessed either. We base our whole action on
grounds entirely independent of that advice of the
arbiter.
It may possibly be intimated in this connexion,,
as it has more than once been heretofore, that the
commissioners of Maine, and the people of that
State, are disposed to regard the whole territory as
clearly falling within their rightful limits, and are
not willing to consider the question as one in doubt
and dispute, and, therefore, one to be settled as if
each parly had nearly or quite equal claims. Cer-
tainly. sir', the people and the Government of Maine
do not deny that the question has been drawn into
dispute. They have had too many and too recent
painful evidences ot that fact, to allow such a
doubt, however much at a loss they may be to per-
ceive any ju«t or tenable grounds on which the
adversary claim is based. For years they have
borne and forborne, and struggled to maintain their
rights, in a pcaceable and yet unflinching spirit,
against what appeared to them injustice from abroad
and neglect at home. Rut they have yet to learn
that the mere fact that an adverse claim is made
and persisted in, and maintained by ingenuity and
ability for a series of years, increasing in extent
and varying its grounds as years roll on, is to be
regarded as a reason why courtesy should require,
in opposition lo the fact, a relinquishment of the
plain, explicit, and sincere language of perfect con-
viction and unwavering confidence; or that a con-
tinued, adverse, and resisted claim, may yet, *by
mere lapse of time and reiteration, ripen into a
right. But we desire it to be distinctly remember-
ed that, in this attempt to negotiate for a conven-
tional line, Maine has not insisted, or even request-
ed, that any formal or virtual admission of her ti-
tle 10 the whole territory should be a condition pre-
liminary to a settlement. "We hold, and we claim,
the right to express, at all times, and in all suitable
places, oni opinion of the petfec-t right of Maine to
the whole territory: but we have never assumed it
as a point of honor that our advcrsaiy should ac-
knowledge it. Indeed, we have endeavored to
view the subject rather in reference to a settlement
on very hard terms for us, than to dwell on the
stiong aspect of the case, when we look at the na-
ked question of our right and title under the treaty.
Itcouldhardtybeexpected, however, thatweshould
silenlly, and thus virtually, acquiesce in any assump-
tion that our claim was nnsustamed, and that "the
treaty line was not executable." On this point we
expressed ouiselves fully in a former note.
In leturning to the direct consideration of the last
proposition, and the terms and conditions attending
it, in justice to ourselves and our State, we feel
bound to declare, and we confidently appeal to you,
sii, in confirmation of the declaration, that this ne-
gotiation has been conducted, on our part, with no
mercenary views, and with no design to extort un-
ren,-enable equivalents or extravagant compensa-
tion. The State of Maine has always felt an insu-
perable repugnance m parting with any portion
even o! her disputed territory, for mere pecuniary
recompense, from adverse claimants. She comes
here foi no mere bargain for the sale of acres, in
the pii,t or with the arts of traffic. Her commis-
s,oners have been much less anxious to secure ben-
efit and recompense, than to preserve the State from
unnecessary curtailment and dismemberment. The
proposition we made is evidence of the fact. We
have heretofore expressed some opinions of the
mutual character of the benefits to each party from
the free navigation of the St. John. Without enter-
ing, however, upon the particular consideration of
the terms and conditions, which we have not thought
it necessary to do, we distinctly state that our re-
pugnance to the line is based upon the extent of
territory required to be yielded. We may, how-
ever, in passing, remark, that all the pecuniary
offers contained in your note, most liberally con-
strued, would scarcely lecompense and repay to
Maine the amount of money and interest which
she has actually expended in defending and pro-
tecting the territory from wrongs arising and
