CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
threatened by reason of its condition as disputed
ground.
Considering, then, this proposition as involving
the surrender of more territory than the avowed
objects of England require, as removing our land-
marks from the well-known and well-defined bound-
ary of the treaty of 1783—-the crest of the high-
lands—besides insisting upon the line of the arbiter
in its full extent, we feel bound to say, after the
most careful and anxious consideration, that we
cannot bring our minds to the conviction that the
proposal is such as Maine had a right to expect.
But we are not unaware of the expectations
which have been, and still are, entertained of a fa-
vorable issue to this negotiation by the Government
and people of this country, and the great disap-
pointment which would be felt and expressed at its
failure. Nor are we unmindful of the future
warned, as we have been, by the past, that any at-
tempts to determine the line by arbitration may be
either fruitless, or with a result more to be de-
plored.
We are now given to understand that the Execu-
tive of the United States, representing the sove-
reignty of the Union, assents to the proposal; and
that this department of the Government at least is
anxious for its acceptance, as, in its view, most ex-
pedient for the general good.
The commissioners of Massachusetts have al-
ready given their assent, on behalf of that Com-
monwealth. Thus situated, the commissioners of
Maine, invoking the spirit of attachment and pat-
riotic devotion of their State to the Union, and
being willing to yield to the deliberate convictions
of her sister States as to the path of duty, and to in-
terpose no obstacles to an adjustment which the
general judgment of the nation shall pronounce ab
honorable and expedient, even if that judgment
shall lead to a surrender of a poition of the birth-
right of the people oflheir State,and prized by them
because it is their birthright, have determined to
overcome their objections to the proposal, so far
as to say, that if, upon mature consideration, the
Senate of the United States shall advise and con-
sent to the ratification of a treaLy, coi responding in
its terms with your proposal, and with the condi-
tions in our memorandum accompanying this note,
(marked A,) and identified by uui signatuics, they,
by virtue ol the power vested in them by the le-
sblves of the Legislature oi Maine, give tin; assent
of that State to such conventional line, with the
terms, conditions, and equivalents, herein men-
tioned.
We have the honor to be, sir, with high re peel,
your obedient servants,
EDWARD kavanagh,
EDWARD KENT.
JOHN OTIS,
WILLIAM. P. PREBLE.
lion. Daniei, Wkbstbk,
&e., &c., &c.
a.
The commissioners of Maine request that the lol-
lowing provisions, or the substance thereol, shall
be incorporated into the proposed treaty, should one
be agreed on:
1st. Thai the amount of "the disputed territory
fund" (so called) leceived by the authorities of New
Brunswick, for timber cut on the disputed icni-
tory, shall be paid over to the United States, for the
use oi'Mainoand Massachusetts, in lull, and a par-
ticular account rendered, or a gros-i sum, to be
agreed upon by the commissioners of Maine and
Massachusetts, shall be paid by Great Britain, as a
settlement ot that lund; and that all claims, bonds,
and securities, taken for timber cut upun the terri-
tory, be transferied to the authorities of Maine and
Massachusetts.
'2d. That all grants of land within that portion of
the disputed territory conceded to Great Britain,
made by Maine and Massachusetts, or either of
them, shall be confirmed, and all equitable posses-
sory titles shall be quieted, to those who possess the
claims; and we assent to a reciprocal provision for
the benefit of settlers falling within the limits of
Maine. And we trust that' the voluntary sugges-
tion of the British minister, in regard to John
Baker, and any others, if there be any, similarly sit-
uated, will be carried into effect, so to '-ccnre
their rights.
3d. That the right of free navigation of the St.
John, as set forth in the proposition of Mr. Web-
ster, on the part of the United States, shall extend .
to and include the products of the soil, in the same |
manner as the products of ihe forest; and that no
toll, tax, or duty be levied upon timber coming
from the territory of Maine.
EDWARD KAVANAGH,
EDWARD KENT,
JOHN OTIS,
WM. P. PREBLE.
The New Hampshire delegation in Congress to the
President.
Washington, July 15, 1842.
Sir: The undersigned, composing the delegation
of the State of New Hampshire m both Houses
of Congress, have received a copy of a resolution
passed by the Legislature of New Hampshire, in
respect to a portion of the territory of the State
which is claimed by Great Britain.
The resolution is as follows:
"fctate of new hampshire.
"in tub year of our lord one thousand kiuht
hundred and forty-two.
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives in General Couil convened, That his excel-
lency ihe Governor request our Senators ansJ.Bepre-"
sentatives in Congress to take such measures as
mav be necessary, during the "Trending negotiations
at Washington, relative to the Northern and North-
eastern boundary of the United States, to best sus-
tain the rights of this State to the territory over
which we have always heretofore claimed and ex-
ercised jurisdiction; and that such papeis, docu-
ments, and information, be transmitted lo them by
his excellency as may aid in carrying into effect
the object of this resolution."
The undersigned beg leave to lepresent, that the
right of the State to the territory in controversy is,
as they believe, incontrovertible; arid, before "any
arrangement shall be made which looks to any relin-
quishment of that right, in any degiee, it is their
wish, on behalf of the State, to present such docu-
ments and facts as tend to show Ihe impropriety
of such acoursc.
With great respect,
LEVI WOODBURY,
LEONARD WILCOX,
,sV<iui lot \
CIIAS. G. AT1IERTON,
EDMUND BURKE,
TRISTRAM SHAVV,
IRA A. EASTMAN,
JOHN K. IiEUlNG,
Rkmbos of the House of Ripiese-ntotn es.
To the President of the United States.
Mi. Webster In the New Hampshire delegation, in
Congress.
Department of State,
Washington, July IN, IW42.
Gentlemen. The Piesident of the United States
has tiansmitted to this department a letter, dated
the 15th instant, from the delegation of the State of
New Hampshire in both Houses in Congiess, com-
municating a copy of a resolution, passed by Ihe
Legislatuicof' that State, respecting a portion of her
ten itory which is claimed by Great Britain, and
intimating that, pending the piesent negotiations at
Washington, relative to the Northern and North-
eastern boundary of the United States, and belore
anv arrangement shall be made for a relinquish-
ment of the right of the State to the territory refer-
red to, it is the wish of the delegation to present
such documents and facts as tend to show the im-
propnety of such a course.
The Secretary of State would be very happy to
receive from the delegation of New Hampshire a
statement of what they consider the extent of ter-
ritory to which the resolution of the State Legisla-
ture is supposed to refer; and, also, any such doc-
uments or proofs of any such facts as they mav
think it important to lay before the Government of
the United States.
I have the honor, &c ,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
The New Hampshire Deleuition in Congress
The New Ilainpshh e Delegation in Congress lo Mr.
Webster.
Washington, July 10, 18-13.
The undersigned have received a letter fiom
the Secretary ol State, dated the lsth instant, in le-
plv to a communication dated the 15th instant,
which the undersigned had the honor to address to
the President of the United States, communicating
a resolution, passed by the Legislature oi the State
of New Hampshire, respecting a portion of the ter-
ritory of that State claimed by Great Britain.
The Secretary of State having expressed a de-
sire to receive from the delegation of the State of
New Hampshire "a statement ol what they consid-
er the extent of territory, to which the resolution
of the State Legislature is supposed to refer; and
also any such documents or proofs of any such facts
as they may think it important to lay before the
Government of the United States;" the undersign-
ed beg leave to refer to the following documents
and papers, among others, as furnishing a full
statement of the claims and rights of the State of
New Hampshire to the territory in dispute, and
as also defining it boundaries.
1. The argument of the Honorable William C.
Bradley, furnished the commissioners under the
5th article of the treaty of Ghent.
2. The statement of the Honorable Albert Galla-
tin, prepared for the King of the Netherlands.
3 An hislotjcaLsketch-of the Northern boundary
o£J>J&w- Hampshire, published in the 2d volume of
the Collections of the Historical Society of New
Hampshire, page 207.
4. A report of commissioners of the Slate of
New Hampshire, dated November 23, 183G, which
is to be found accompanying the report of the Com-
mittee on. Foreign Affairs of the House of Repre-
sentatives, 25th Congress, 3d session, Report No.
176—No G ofthe accompanying documents.
The undersigned areexpecting to receive further
documents upon the subiect, from his excellency
the Governor of New Hampshiie, which, when
received, they will transmit to the Secretary of
Stale.
We have the honor to be your obedient servants,
LEVI WOODBURY,
L. WILCOX,
Senators of New Hampshire.
IRA A. EASTMAN,
EDMUND BURICE,
JOHN R. REDING,
TRISTRAM SHAW,
Repicsentalircs of the State of New Hampshire.
Honorable Daniel Webster.
P. S. We tiausmit, herewith, the report of com-
missioners above alluded to, and also the 2d vol-
ume of Historical Collections. You will oblige
us by returning the latter when you may have no
further use for it.
The other documents are on file in the State De-
partment.
Mr. Stuart to Mr. Webster.
Washington, July 7th, 1842.
Sir: In answer to the inquiries which you were,
pleased to make of me yesterday, I would remark,
that Sugar Island, situate in the river Ste. Marie,
a short distance below Fort Brady, is, as to soil,
very excellent; and itabounds in the finest (sugar)
maple trees to be found anywhere; the inhabitants
of our side of the Sault Ste. Mane derive a hand-
some revenue from the sugar and sirup which
they annually make on this island. It would be
a great disappointment to the people of that region
to lose it. Besides, is the faith of the nation not
pledged for its preservation, by the treaty held
with the Chrppevvas in 182ti, which provided for
hall-breed reservations on this island'!
It is, in my opinion, of very great importance,
that the right of passage be secured for American
vessels, between the island of Bois Blanc, in the
river Detroit, (opposite Fort Maiden,) and ihe
British shore; the channel is only 200 to 300 yards
wide, and is entirely commanded both by the island
and Fort Maiden, At present, there is no other
passage for our larger class of vessels, steamboats,
&c.; and it will require much time and expense to
lender the old passage south of Gros Isle availa-
ble. In short, the right of using the British chan-
nel is, in my opinion, absolutely necessary.
I am, respectfully, sir your obedient servant,
ROBERT STUART.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secrelaty of State.
Mr. Delofietd lo Mr. Fraser.
New York, July 20,1842.
Df.ar Sir- I have looked over the letter of Mr.
F. Webber to vou, as you desired, and perceive
that it is some "particular topographical informa-
tion," more especially, that the Secretary desires
concerning the country between Lake Superior and
