CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■the Lake of the Woods. That district "was tho-
roughly explored by Messrs. Ferguson and Whist-
• ler, the surveyors of our party, and by myself, as
the United States agent.
We all proceeded inland, by the Grand Portage
route, to the Lake of the Woods. I had previously
obtained much information to prove that there was
more northern route by a well-known Ltyag Lake,
■and the only lake known by that name, some dis-
tance north of the Grand Portage route; and as it
^became my duty to claim that as the true route,
(having discovered, too, that the British commis-
sioners intended to claim by the Fond du_Lac
route,) I returned by that northern route to Lake
Superior, accompanied by Mr. Whistler; we con-
sequently saw more of the country than any others
of the party.
As you are aware, my claim to the northern route
■was sustained by the American commissioners, and
became a subject of final disagreement.
The only other difference was in relation to the
claim I made to the St. George island, in the river
St. Mary, which was also sanctioned by General
Porter, the American commissioner; and is a good
•claim, I think, by all the evidence in the case.
As to topographical information, some cAn be
lad by reference to the maps and discussions which
-were deposited by me in the State Department, July
34, 1824. Besides the journal of the commission-
ers, I also deposited the journal of the agent, more
in detail, containing allthe claims and discussions,
&c., at length.
The face of the country is mountainous, rocky,
and barren, for nearly the whole distance in ques-
tion. Throughout my journeys, I may say, I saw
-but little except rock and water. My route was
necessarily confined to the watercourses; but, when-
ever I ascended a height, it was the same dreary
prespect in all directions, every valley between
such heights being a little lake, or the discharge of
a watercourse.
As an agricultural district, it has no value or
interest, even prospectively, in my opinion. If the
climate were suitable, (which it is not,) I can only
say that I never saw,m my explorations there, tilla-
ble land enough to sustain any permanent popula-
tion sufficiently numerous to justify other settle-
ments than those of the fur-traders, and, I might
add, fishermen. The fur-traders there occupied
nearly all those places; and the opinion now ex-
pressed is the only one I ever heard entertained
by those most experienced in these Northwestern
regions.
There is, nevertheless, much interest felt by the
fur-traders on this subject of boundary. To them it
is of much importance, as they conceive; and it is, in
fact, of national importance. Had the British
commissioner consented to proceed by the Pigeon
liver, which is the Long Lake of Mitchell's map, it
is probable there would ha.va been an agreement.
There were several reasons for his pertinacity, and
tor this disagreement; which belong, however, to
the private history of the commission, and can be
stated when required. The Pigeon river is a con-
tinuous watercourse. The St. George's island, in
the St. Mary river, is a valuable island, and worth
as much, perhaps, as most of the country between
the Pigeon river and Dog river route, claimed for
the United States, in an agricultural sense.
Mr. Ferguson is, I believe, in the neighborhood
of Wilmington, Delaware, lie can give the desired
topographical information. I have a complete and
daily journal, descriptive of the country passed
over, but have no time to refer to it this evening; it
would confirm my general remarks, however.
1 am now on the eve of departure with my family
for Suffolk county, Long Island. Be pleased to say
to Mr. Webster that any and all the information or
assistance I can give is at his command; but that, if
possible, I hope it may be by correspondence rather
than a personal visit, as my engagements here, just
now, are such as to make a jaunt to Washington
rather inconvenient. Should topographical inform-
ation only be desired, and the present is not satis-
factory, I would refer the Secretary to Mr. Fergu-
bon, and would myself refer to my journal. I shall
be absent from the city until the 4th of August.
Until (say) August 1, my address will be at
"Guoque, Suffolk county, Long Island." You are
quite at liberty to show these hasty remarks to Mr.
Webster. In short, it is better to do so than to re-
peat them; and I would prefer it.
Yours, truly,
JOS. DELAFIELD.
Major D. Fkaser.
Mr. Webster to Mr, Ferguson.
' Department of State,
Washington, July 25,1842.
Sir: Having been astronomer andsurveyor to the
commissioners under the 7th article of the treaty
of Ghent, and having, as I understand, explored the
country personally and thoroughly, from Lake su-
perior to the Lake of the Woods, I will be obliged
to you to give me information in respect to two or
three subjects of inquiry.
In the first place, be kind enough to describe the
Pigeon river, its estuary or bay at its mouth, its
size, and the nature of its channel and current in
the last five or ten miles of its course. Be pleased
to say whether the estuary of this river, and its po-
sition and bearing in relation to lie Roy ale, may
naturally lead to the conclusion that it is the Long
Lake spoken of in the treaty of 1783.
What is the general nature of the country be-
tween the mouth of Pigeon river and the Rainy
Lakel Of what formation is it, and how is its sur-
face; and will any considerable part of its area be fit
for cultivation1? Are its waters active and running
streams, as in other parts of the United States'? Or
are they dead lakes, swamps, and morasses'! If the
latter be their general character, at what point, as
you proceed westward, do the waters receive a
more decided character as running streams'!
There are said to be two lines ot communication,
each partly by water and partly by portages, from
the neighborhood of Pigeon river to the Rainy
Lake; one by way of Fowl Lakes, the Saganaga
Lake, and the Cypress Lake; the other by way of
Arrow river and lake; then by way of Saganaga
Lake, and through the river Maligrie, meeting the
other route "at Lake La Croix, and through the
river Namekan in the Rainy Lake. Do you know
any reason for attaching great preference to either
of these two lines'! Or doyou consider it of no im-
portance, m any. point of view, which may be
agreed tof Please be full and particular on these
several points.
Yours, respectfully,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
James Ferguson, Esq.,
Wilmington, Delaware.
Mr. Ferguson to Mr. Webster.
Washington, July 25, 1842.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your note of to-day, dcsiiing to bemform-
ed of the charactcr of the region northwestward
of Lake Superior, which comprehends the several
practised and customary routes between that lake
and the Lake of the Woods.
In reply, I submit the following statement, which
will give, as far as I am able, the desired informa
tion:
At the mouth of the Pigeon river, there is prob-
ably about three hundred yards inlength of alluvial
formation; but the river above that, as far as to
near Fort Charlotte, runs between steep cut rocks
of basaltic or primitive formation, and is a suc-
cession ol falls and rapids for nearly its whole
length—the last cataract, which is within about a
mile ot its mouth, being almost one hundred feet
in height. You will, perhaps, understand the
formation of the country better, when I mention
that nearly the whole of the northern shore of Lake
Superior consists of these sheer rocky escarp
ments, from six hundred to nine hundred feet
high, and that the sources of most of the rivers
which have cut their channels into the lake lie
within thirty or forty miles of its verge.
There is, really, not much difference in eleva-
tion between South Fowl Lake and the lakes of
the height of land. The character I have given of
Pigeon river will serve also for the Arrow river,
excepting that the latter has a reach cf about two
miles of still water.
I have no doubt that the bay of the Pigeon river
is the Long Lake of the treaty of 1783. It is de-
signated by that name on Mitchell's map, which,
at that time, was the only map existing of these
regions, and was proven, by the evidence of Mr.
John Adams and Mr. John Jay, to have been the
only geographical description before the negotia-
tors of the first treaty. Though evidently defec
tive and erroneous, it is but fair to take it as evi-
dence of the intention. In addition to this evi-
dence of the construction of the treaty of 1783, at
the time it was concluded, we have this fact fur
ther: that, immediately after the peace, the traders
of the Northwest Fur Company destroyed their
forts and warehouses at the Grand Portage, and
removed themselves to Fort William, ten leagues
on the other side of the Pigeon river—a course
which could only have been adopted for the rea-
son that they supposed their previous location
would now be on foreign territory. In addition, I
have never heard this construction of the treaty ot
1783 questioned by any of the partners ot the
British Fur Company whom 1 have met m that
^To your query as to the character of the country
between the mouth of the Pigeon river and the
Rainy Lake, it is more difficult to give a distinct
answer than to any of the others. The rivers here
are all rapid; those running towards Lake su-
perior are of small size. The Pigeon river and
Arrow river vary in width trom 60 to 200 ieet,
and, as I have said previously, are almost a con-
tinued rapid. .
But the rivers running northward—the outlet ol
Lake Saisaginegau, the river Maligne, the- river
Namecan, and the Rainy river—are all bold and
strong rivers, and of much greater width and vol-
ume, carrying with them, through gentler slopes,
the drainage of a more extended surface. On the
plateau which makes the height of land, and which
f would define as lying between the Fowl Lake
and Lake Namecan, lie a group of lakes connect-
ing nearly with each other, having their sorties
sometimes toward the Arrow and Pigeon rivers
sometimes toward the St. Louis, sometimes toward
the Kamanistiquia and the country of the JNipigon,
and sometimes toward Hudson's Bay. _ In exam-
ining, therefore, the geography of this country,
it is necessary to remember that the rivers and
lakes indicated on the maps are only those at pres-
ent explored, and that there exist oilier routes and
other connexions, known only to the natives, and
which the impracticable nature of the country has
hitherto prevented from coming' to the knowledge
of the fur-traders, who are doubtless the persons
most interested in the capabilities of the country.
As an agricultural district, this region will always
be valueless. The pine timber is of high growth,
equal for spars, perhaps, to the Norway pine, and
may, perhaps, in time, find a market; but there are
no alluvions, no arable lands, and the whole coun-
try may be described as one waste ol rock and
water.
From the outlet of the Rainy Lake, the country
changes its appearance; the valleys of the rivers
are wider, the timber of more varied and luxuriant
growth, and the country capable of cultivation.
You have desired me also to express an opinion
as to any preference which I may know to exist
between the several* lines claimed as boundaries
through this country between the United States and
Great Britain.
Considering that Great Britain abandons her
claim by the Fond du Lac and the St. Louis river,
cedes also Sugar island, (otherwise called St.
George's island,) in the St. Marie river, and agrees,
generally, to a boundary following the old commer-
cial route, commencing at the Pigeon river, I do not
think that any reasonable ground exists lo [prevent]
a final determination of this part of the boundary.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
J. FERGUSON.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secretary of State of the United States.
Captain Talcott to Mr. Webster.
Washington, July 25, 1842.
Sir: The extent of boundary line separating the
United States, and territory belonging thereto, from
the British possessions, and lying between the
monument ot the St. Croix and the Stony moun-
tains, is estimated as follows for each adjacent
State:
Maine (line as awarded by the King
of Holland)- - - - 460 miles.
New Hampshire - - 40 "
Vermont - - - - 90 "
New York .... 4$>o "
Pennsylvania - - - - 30 "
Ohio - - - - - 200 "
Michigan .... 740 "
Territory west of Lake Superior - 1,150 "
Total length of boundary line - 3,130 "
Respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,
A. TALCOTT.
Hon. Secretary op State.
