CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
SUPPRESSION OF THE AFRICAN SLAVE-TRADE—
EXTRADITION.
Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster.
Washington, August 9, 1842.
Sir: By the 3d article of the convention which I have ihis
day signed with you, there w an agreement for the reciprocal
delivery, in certain cases, oi criminals fugitive from justice;
but it becomes necessary that I should apprize you that this ar-
ticle can have no legal effect within ihe dominions of Great
Britain, un'il confirmed by act ot Pari ament. It is possible
that Parliament may not be in session before the exchange of
the ratifications of the convention; but its sanction shall be ask-
ed at the earliest possible period, and no doube can be enter-
tained that it Will be given. In het Majesty's territories in
Canada, where cases for acting under this convention are likely
la be of more frequent occurrence, the Governor General has
sufficient power, undfi* authority of local legislation; and the
convention will there be acted upon so soon as Us ratification
shall be known; butitbecomes my duty to inform you of the
short delay which may possibly intervene in giving full effect
to it where the confirmation by Paihament becomes necessary
for its execution.
I beg, sir, to renew to you the assurance of my high consider-
ation.
asii burton.
Hon. Daniel Webster, &c., <fcc.,&c.
Mr. Paine to Mr. Webster.
Washington, May 2, 1S4'2.
Sir: The agreement between Commander William Tucker*
of the British navy, and myself, i3S0 connected with numerous
instructions respecting proceedings on the coast ot Africa, that
I should fuimsha copy of all if me object were to justify my-
self; but as the wish of the State Department seems to be to
ascertain the nature of theacieement itself, and the action of
myself thereon, and as I wish to forward tins view promptly, I
shall restrict myself to these points, commencing w tih the agree*
meut, ofwhich the following isacopy:
Commander William Tucker, of her Biitamiic Majesty's
sloop Wolverine, and senior officer on the west coast of Ahica,
and Lieutenant John S. Paine, commanding the United States
schooner Grampus, in order to cany into execution, as fir as
possible, the orders and views of their respective Governments
respecting the suppression ol the bUvr-tia.de, hereby request
each other and agiee to detain all vessels under American col-
ors found to be fully equipped Mr, and engaged in, the slave-
trade; that, if proved to be American propeny, they shall be
handed over to the United Slates schooner Giampus, or any
other American cruiser; and that, if pioved to be Spanish, Pen-
tusjueae, Biazihan, oi English property, to any oi her Britannic
Majesty's cruisers employed on the w^st coast of Africa for the
suppression of thebiave-ttade, Bofar as their respective laws
and treaueswill permit.
Signed and exchanged at Sierra Leone, this 11th day oi March,
1810.
JOHN S. PAINE,
Commanding the U. is. schooncr Grampus,
WILLIAM TUCKER,
Commanding H. B. M stoop Wolverine, and
semoi officer of i he west coast oj Africa.
The objects ol tins agreement weie, mainly—
1st. T« meet the very common case with slaveis—that of
having onboard two sets of p>ipcis.
2(1. "To let it be known that there unlisted between the But*
ish and American forces a good undemanding, and a disposition
to co-operate for the purpose indicated, a* lat as> possible, with-
out violating existing treatics-
A copy was forwarded by me to the Navy l)epartuiCMf, to
which I received tiie following reply*
"Navy Department. Juncl. 1840.
"Sir: Your letter of the '20.1 March last, with nonclosures,
has been received
"The instructions given you for your government, when you
left the United States, while they indica^d a friendly co opeia-
tion with the commanders of the Hiinch crui-ets, in the .sup
pression ol the slave tiade on the coast ot Africa, as likely to
aid in detecting the frauds resorted to by those engaged in u Mr
the purpose"of avoiding discovery anil escaping punishment,
were notintended to authorize any such arrangement as that
•which, it appears, you have tnauc with the comm.mdor of lier
BritannicMajcsty'bfiloop Wolverine, <md by which you delegate^
to that officer to seize vesseN under Auiuric.m colois, and", un-
der certain circumstances, to detain them, wth a view of
turning them over to the Gtatlipns, oi other United States
cruiser. .
"Such a delegation ol powci is not only unauihomedby your
instructions liu contrary to the i-stabh&hcd and well known
principles and policy of your gou tnnviii; and is, therefore, not
sanctioned t>y the depavtnu'ni.
'•You will make known the viewj ot the department on this
subject, to the commander ol the WoWeime, <u<d tpl-nm Uitu
that the arrang-'incnt made with !mii, havirvr been d't.ap.>roved
by your Government, cannot, on your part, he complied with,
the great object of tnc co-operation ben* to obviate the dilTicul-
lies ol captuie, £i'ov. log out of assuming Portucues'*, lingbsh,
Spanish, or Br'adiau cotoia, when overhauled by an Amer-
ican, or Amencan colorrf when overhauled by a Liuu.-h
cruiser.
"For this purpose, you ore authorized to cruise in company
and in co-opsration with any. ihuish vessel of war empioy.
ed on the slave coast, in the pu'i suit of objects .-.imihu toyoui
own.
"I am, respectfully, your obedient i-ervant,
M. K. PAULDING.
"Lieutenant John s. Paine,
Commanding United States schooner ( ram^u*,
Sierra Leone, Co or Africa."
Incompliance with this, 1 addicted Cap'am Tucker as fol-
lows .
"United States Schoonij.h Grampus,
"Apni 27, 1811.
"Sin. I am directed to make known to you the views ol my
Government respecting the agi cement bismed and exchanged
with you on the 11th ol'ftlarcb, 1810. at 3 erra Leone.
"TheSecretary of the Navy sayt. 'Inform him that the ar-
rangement, made with him, having been disapproved by your
Government, cannot, on your part, be complied with; the great
object of the co-operation being to obviate the difficulties of
capture, growing out of the practice adopted by slavers, of as-
suming Portuguese, English, Spanish, or Brazilian colors,
when overhauled by American, or American colors when over-
hauled by a British cruiser. For this purpose, you are author-
ized to cruise in company and in co-operation with any British
ves el of war employed on theslave coast, m the pursuit of ob-
jects similar to-your own.'
I "From the aboveextract you will perceive that the Secretary
of the Navy at Washington is careful to avoid giving counte-
nance to the practice of detaining American vesseis,even though
they be slavers, unless by American vessels of war.
"The best, if not the only means of co-operation left, would
seem to be,exchanging information, or cruising in company.
"If anything can be effected by this vessel wuhin such limits,
while on the coast, it will be gratifying to me to aid you. or any
of her Majesty's officers, in forwarding so desirable an ob-
ject.
"I am, with very high respect, sir, your obedient servant,
"JOHN S. PAINE,
'"Lieut. Commanding.
"Cdpf. William Tucker,
Comm'anding H. B. M. sloop Wolverine, and
tsenior officer ofH. B. M. naval forces on the
coast of Africa."
Hoping to meet'Japtam Tucker, I did not despatch the letter;
but, finally, finding that hia successor had arrived, I addressed
to him the following:
[extract. 1
"U. S. Schooner Grampus,
Sierra Leone, June 17,1841.
"While cruising here last year, 1 had made an a^iaogement
with Commander Wm Tucker, of a similar character to that
recommended; which, however, wasnofapproved by the Sec-
retary of the Navy; ai-.d, as I have not fallen in with Captain
Tucker since the receipt of a comn>uni<?a<ion irom Washing
ton on the subject, I have deemed ic proper 10 enclose to y*>u a
letter to Captain Tucket, with a copy of the agreement referred
to therein.
"In conclusion, I tender to you my sincere wishes for your
success in the prosecution of duties so interesting to the cause
ol humanity.
"I am, with the highest re-peel, sir, your obedient servant.
"john s. paine,
"Lieut. Commanding.
"Capt.   ,
Commanding II. II. M. ship Isis, and senior ofliccr
on the western coast of Afucd."
Any expression of my opinion of Mr. Paulding's letter to me
would have been immoper,  ud would still be indecorous. I
rdhill be grate in I to be informed if yon think any explanation or
defence necessary. I have never believed so.
I have the honor to bo, with the highest ie&pect, sir, your
obedientsoivdnt,
JOHN ft. PAINE,
Commander United States Navy.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secietaryot State.
Mr. Webster to Captains Bell and Paine.
DEPARTMENT OX' S?lATb,
Washington, AprdMO, 1M4-J.
ftENTLf.Mfc.N. Your cxpenenct m the ^civjce on the coa^t of
Africa lias probably enabled you to give mlormanon to the
Government on sonic points connected wuh the slave-trade on
that coast, m lespeu to which it is dec-iiablo that the- most ac-
curate kuowletlge attainable thould be possessed. These par-
ticulars are:
1. The extent of the western coast of Alrica, along which the
blave trade is suppns°d to be carried on; with the livers, creeks,
mleis, bays, harbois, or partsof the coaM, to which it is under-
stood slave ships most frequently resort.
2. The space or belt along the shore within which cruisert
may be usefully emploj cd tor the purpose ol detectmg vessels
engaged m the trafhe.
3. The general couise of proccc'lin? oi a flave t-hip, after
leaving Biazdor the West Indies, on a voyage to the coast ol
Afuca foi slavey including her manner of approach to the
shore, her previous baigam orairangc-ment for the purchase of
slaves; the time ot her usual slay on or neai the coas>t, and the
means by which ehe his communication with persons on
land.
•1. The nauuc of the stations or banacoons m which slaves
rU'ceoMected on shou-, to be sold to the traders; whether uMially
in rivers, creeks, or Inlet45, or on or near the open shore.
D. The usual autr.les oi equipment and pieparauon, and the
manner ol ti-ling up, by winch a vessel is known to be a slaver,
though not caught vsi'h slaves on board.
(5. The U'lhiy of employing vessels of ihfl rent na"ons to
01111.50 together, so that one oi t1',; utiiei might have a right to
vi.su and scotch evtsry vec-el which might be met with under
«.u<picious circumstances, cither as helonsing to the coumry ot
the vessels visitinff and seaiching, or to some other country
which has, by tieaty, concedcvl such right f-i visitation and
s-caich.
7. To what plates slaves fiom slave ships could be most con-
veniently taken.
8. Fmallv, what number of vessels, and of what size and de-
scupuovi, u would be necessavy to employ on the western
coast of Africa, m older to put ai: emne end to the traffic in
slaves; and for what number of yeais rt would probably be
necessary to mamtdin such force, to accomplish that purpose?
You will please to add such observations as the state of your
knowledge may allow, relative to the slave-trade on the eastern
coast of Africa. , , , ,
I have the honor to hc\ 6cc ,
paniel webster.
Captains Hell and Paine,
United States Navy.
Commanders Bell and Paine to the Sec> etfii y of State.
Washington City, May 10, 1842
Sir: In accordance with the wishes expressed in your com-
munication of the 30th ultimo, we have the honor to submit
the tollowing statement:
In reply to the first particular, vjz' "The extent of the west-
erti coast of Africa, along which the slave-trade is supposed to
be canted on, with the rivers, creeks, inlets, bays, ha$ors, or
parts of the coast to which it is understood slave ships most
frequently resort."
1 he slave trade from Western Africa to America is earned
oti wholly between Senegal, latitude 16 deg north, longitude
16£ deg. west, and Cape Frio, in latitude 18 deg. south, longi-
tude 12 deg east, a space (following the Windings of the coast
at the distance of three or four miles) of more than 3,600 miles.
There are scattered along the coast five English, four French, t
live American, six Portuguese, six or eight Dutch, and four or
five Danish settlements, besides many which have been alau-
do«ed by their respective Governments.
These settlements are generally isolated; many ol them only
a fortress without any town; while a few are a cluster of villages
and farms.
The British, French, and particularly the American settle^
ments, exercise an important influence m suppressing the slave-
trade.
The influence of the Danes and Dutch is not material.
The Portuguese influence is supposed to favor the continu-
ance of the trade, except the counter-influence ol the Biiush,
through treaty stipulations.
North of the Portuguese cluster of settlements, of which life-
sao is the capital, and south of llenguela, (also Portuguese,)
there is believed to be no probability of a revival of the slave-
trade to any extent.
This leaves about 3,000 miles of coast to which the trade
(principally with Cuba, Porto Uico, and Brazil) is limited.
There are hundreds of trading places on the coast, calling
themselves "factories," and each claiming the protection of
some civilized power. Some of these were the sites ol aban-
doned colonies; otherfi'have been established by tiadmg com-
pwiteisrb'r individuals.
The actual jurisdiction of a tribe on the coa--t .seldom exceeds
ten miles, though these small tribes are someumes mete oi le^s
perfectly nssocia*ed for a greater distance.
Ol these factoi les and tribes, a few have never been hrectly
engaged in the slave-ttade, ami are opposed to it; but the gieat
preponderance is of the slave-trading interest.
To enumerate the rivers and inlets of this coast would not
convey a just idea of the slave country or practices, as the em*
barcution often takes place from the beach, where there u no
inlet; but we will state a few of the most noted.
Commencing at Cape Roxo, in latitude 12 deg. 30 min.
northj and running down the coast as far as the river MePacoree,
in latitude 9 deg. north, the slave-trade is more or less carried
on;but(m oonseqnenceof the vigilance of Ciuisers) not to the
same extent it was a few years ago.
Another portion of the coast, from the limits of the Sierra
Leone colony to Cape Mount, (a space including the mouths of
sj^ormoie rivers,) the slave-trade is extensively prosecuted.
Here commencesthejunsdicti.Q.n of theAmeiicanColonizuioti
Society, which extends to Grand Kassa. There are«-eveial slave
stations between Grand Baesa and CapePalmas. F:om thence
eastwardly to Cape Coast castle, situated near the meud'an of
Greenwich, we believe there are no slave stations; but east-
ward of this, and in the bights of Benin and Biatia, aloi g the
whole coast, (which includes the mouths of the great rivers
Benin,Formosa,Nun, old and new Calabar, Bonny, Camerons,
Gaboon, and Congo,) with few exceptions, down to llenguela,
in latitude 13 deg. youth, the slave-trade is carried on to a very
gieat extent.
2d. "The space or beltalong the shore, within which cruisers
may be usefully employed, for the purpose of detecting vessels
engaged in the trallic."
Men of war should always cruise as near the shore as the
salety <>| the vessel will admit, in order to take advantage
of die land and sea breeze Twenty or thirty miles from the
coast there are continual calms, wheie vessels are subject to
vexatious delays; besides which, ships engaged m the slave-
ttade keep close m with the land, m order to reach their places
of destination.
3d. "The general course of proceeding of slave ship, after
leaving Brazil or the. West Indies, on a voyage to the coast of
Africa, for slaves, including her manner of approach to the
shoie, her mevious bargain or arrangements for the purchase
of slaves, the time of her usual stay on or near the coast, and
t!iu nirtii.s by which «hc has communication with persons on
land "
Vessels hound liom the coast of Brazil, or the West Indies,
to the coast of Africa, are obliged, in consequence of the tr< de
winds to run north as far as the latitude of thirty or thirty five,
to get into the vai table winds; thence to ihe eastward, until 'hey
ieach the longitude ol Cape Verd Is'atids; then steer to iho
southward to their portol destination; and,if bound as far to
the eastward as the Gulf o( Guinea, usually make the bmd
near Cape Mount or CapePalmas. Vessels fiom Brazil bound
to the southern pun of the coast of Africa lun south a« faras
the latitude of 35 deg. south, and make up their easting in the
southern vaiiables.
fSlave vessels aie generally owned or chartered by t-hore per*
tons who have .in in eicst in the. slave es'ablishinenis on
the coast of Afuca, where the slaves are collected <md con-
fined m bar racoons or slave prisons, ready for transhipment
the moment ihe vessel amve3. They are therefore detained
but a short time after arriving at their place of destination.
Instances have come to our notice of vessels arriving at the
slave station m the evening, landing their cargo, taking on
board all their slaves, and sailing with the laud breeze the fol-
lowing morning
It is not unusual, however, for vessels, unconnected with any
particular s'ave establishment, to malm their purchases after
uimal If any delay u likely to occur, an  gent is landed,
and the vessel stands to sea. and remains absent for as long a
time as may be thought necessary to complete their arrange'
ments. The slaveis communicate with the shore, eiiher with
their own boats, or boats and canoes belonging to the Kroo-
n.en in the employment ofthose on shore
4ih. "The nature ofethe stations or barracoons in which
slaves aie collected on shore to be sold to the traders, whether
usually on rivers, creeks, or inlets, or on or near the open
shore."
The slave stations are variously situated; some near the
mouth, others a considerable distance up the nveis, and rniiriY
uiiectly on the seashore. The barracoons are thatched build-
ings. made sufficiently strong to secure the slaves, and enough
of them to contain, m somemstances^everal thousands, Tli«*
slaves are collected by the negro chiefs in the vicinity, and
sold to the persons in charge of the stations, where they aie
kept confined until an opportunity offers to ship them off.
Materials of all kinds necessary to convert a common trader
into a slave ship are kept on hand, and the change can be com*
