CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
distinction between what a State may do if it please^ and
what u is picsumed to do, or not to do, in the absence of any
positive declaration of its will. A State might declaie that ail
foreign marnagtis should be regarded as null and void, within
Its territory; thai a foieign father, arriving with an infantson,
should no longer have authority or control over him; that, on
the arrival of a foreign vessel m its ports, all shipping amcles
apd ail indentures of apprenticeship between her crew and
her owners or masters, should cease to be binding. These, and
many other things, equally irrational and absurd, a sovereign
State has doubtless the power to do. But they are not to be
presumed. It is not Co be taken for granted, ab ante, that it is the
will of the sovereign State thus to withdraw itself fiom the cir-
cle ol civilized nations. It w ill be time enough to believe this
to be its intention, when it formally announces that intention,
by appropriate enactments, edicts, or othei declarations. In
regard to slavers withm the British territories, there is a well-
known and clear promulgation of the will of the sovereign au-
thority; that is to say, there is a well known rule of her law.
As to England herself, that law has long existed; and recent
acts of Parliament establ'sh the same law for the colonies.
The usual mode of stating the rule of English law is, that no
sooner does a slave reaSh the shore of England, than he is free.
This is true; but it means no mote than that, when a slave
comes within theexclusive jurisdiction of England, he ceases
to be a idave, because the law of England posit vely and no-
toriously prohibits and foibids the existence of such a rela-
tion between man and man? Bat it dors not -mean
that English authorities, with this rule of English law m
their hands, may enter where the jurisdiction of another
nation is acknowledged to exist, and there destroy ngh's,
obligations, and interests, lawlully existing under the
authonty of such other nation. No such constiuction, and no
such effect, can be rightfully given to the British law. It is
true, that it is competent to the British Parliament, by express
statute provision, to declare that no foreign jurisdiction ol any
kind should exist in or over a vessel, alter its arnval voluntarily
her ports. And so she might close al 1 her ports to the ships of
all nations. A State may also declare, in the absence ol treaty
stipulations, that foreigners shall not sue in ,her courts, nor
travel in her teriitories, nor carry away funds or goods received
for debts. We need not inquiie what would be the condition
of a country that should establish such laws, nor in what re-
lation they would leave her towards the States of the civilized
world. Her power to make such laws is unquestionable; but,
in the absence oi direct and positive enactments to that cf-
lect, tho presumption is that the oppositesof the^e things ex-
ist. While her ports are open to foreign trade, it is to be pre-
sumed th.it (she expects foieign ships to enter them, bringing
with them the juiiodiction of vhtii own Government, and tho
protection of i s laws, tn ihc same extent that her ships, and the
ships of other commercial States, cat ry with them tho juris-
diction of their respective Governments into the open ports of
the world; just as it is presumed, while tho contraiy is not
avowed, that strangers may navel in a civilized eountiy, in a
time of peace, sue m its courts, and bring away their property.
A merchant vessel enteis the port ofa fuenUly State, and en-
joys while (here the piotecuon ot her own laws, and is under
thejurisdiction ol hei own Government—not in derogation of
thesovereigmy of the place, but by the pusumed allowance or
permission ol that soveieigrity This; permission or allowance
is founded on the comity of nations, like the other cases which
have been mentioned; and this comity is part (and a most im-
portant and valuable pan) of the law of nations, to which all
nations arc presumed to assent until they make then dissent
known. In the silence of any positive lule affirming or deny-
ing or restraining the opeiatiuu uf foreign laws, ihcn tacit
adoption is presumed, to the usual extent. It is upon this
ground that courts of law expound contracts according to the
faw of the place in which they aic made; and instances almost
innumerable exist, m which, by tho eeneial piacitcc of civil-
izad count) iep, the laws ot one will be ^cgnbed and otten ex-
ecuted in another. This is the comity oi nation:,; and it w
upon this, as its sohd bti&i&, that tho intcicourso ol civilized
States h maintained.
But while that wh.ch has now been said is understood to be
the voluntary and adopted law of nations, in cases of the volun-
tary entry ol merchant vessels into the poris o! other courmies,
it is nevmthcless tine, that vessel* in >uch puifs, only tInongh
an overruling necessity, may place then claim lor exemp-
tion from mtei fciencc on still higher principles; that is to say,
principles held in more sacred t egaid by the comity, tho cour
te^y, or mdtcd the common sense ol justice ol all civilized
Slates.
Even in regard to eases ol necessity, however, (here are things
of an unli lendly and offensive cliaiacter, which yet it may not
be easy to say that a nation might not do. For example: a na-
tion might declaie her will to be, and make it the law of her do-
nmiions, that foreign vessels, ca&t away on her shores, should
be lost to their owneiv, and subject to the ancient law ot wieck.
Oraneutral State, while shutting her ports to the aimed ves-
sels of belltgeients, as she has a right to do, mighnesolve on
seizing and confiscating vessels of that descnption, which
should be diiven to take sheher in her haiboisby (ho violence of
the stormsof the ocean. But laws of this character, however
within the absolute competence of Governments, could only be
passed, if paeecdat all, under willingness to meet the last re-
sponsibility to which nations are subjected.
The presumption is strongei, therelorc, m regard to vessels
driven into foreign ports by necessity, and seeking only tempo-
rary refuge, than in legurd to tnose which enter them volun-
tarily, and for purposes of trade, that they will not be interfered
with; and that, unless they commit, while in pint, some act
against the la*vsof die rdace, they will be pottrvlted to leceivc
supplies, to repair damages, and to depart unmolested.
It, therefoie, vessels of the United States, pursuing lawful
voyages from poit to port, along then own shore, arc driven by
stress of weather, or canted by unlawful foice, into EnglMi
ports, the Government ol the United States cannot consent that
the local authorities in those poits shall take Advantage ot such
misfortunes, and enter ihem, for the purpose of interfering with
the condition of persons or things on board, as established by
their own laws. If slave®, the property of citizens of the Uni-
ted States, escape into the British teriitones, it is not expected
that they will be lestored. In that case, the lerntorial jurisdic-
tion of England will have become exclusive ovf r them, and
must decide then condition But slaves on board of American
vessels, lying in Biitish wateis, are not withm the exclusive ju-
risdiction oi England; or under the exclusiveoperation of Eng-
lish law; and this founds the broad distinction fetween the
cases. If persons guilty of crimes in the United States, seek
an asylum in the British dominions, they will not be demanded,
until pj ovioinn fci such Cdpea i;<: medo by tiea.t\; bcuMise. tho
giving up of ciiminaix fugitive from justice is agiPid and un-
derstood to be a matter m which every nation regulates us
conduct according to its own discretion. It is no brcudiuf
comity to reluso such surrender.
On the other hand,'vessels of the United States, driven by ne-
cessity into British ports, and staying there no longer than such
necessity exists, violating no law, nor having intent to violate
any law, will claim, and there will be claimed for them, protec-
tion and security, freedom from molestation, and from all in-
terfeicnce with the character or condition of persons 01 things
onboard. In the opinion of the Government of the United
States, such ves&els, so driven and so detained by necessity in a
friendly port, ought to be regarded as still pursuing then ongi-
nal voyage, and turned out of their direct course only by disas-
ter, or by wrongful violence; that they ought to receive all as-
sistance necessary to enable them to resume that direct course;
and that interference or molestation by the local authonties,
whfne the whole voyage is lawful, both in act and intent, is
round for just and grave complaint.
Your Loidship'sdiscrnment and large experience in affairs
cannot fail to suggest to you how impouant it is to merchants
arid navigators, engaged in the coasting trade of a country so
large in extent as the United States, that they should feel secure
dsd'mst all but the ordinary causes of mautime loss. The pos-
sessions of the two Governments closely appioach each other
This proximity, which ought to make us friends and good
neighbors, may, without piopcr caie and regulation, iiself
prove a ceaseless cause of vexation, nntation, and disquiet.
If your Lordship has no authority to enter into a stipulation
by tieaty for the prevention ol such occurences hereafter as
havealready happened—occurrenccs so likely to distuib that
peace between the two countries which it is the object of your
Lordship's mission to establish and confirnv—'you may still be
so far acquainted with the sentiments of your Government as
to be able to engagethat instructions shall be given to the local
authorities m the islands, which shall lead them to regulate tbeir
conduct in conformity with the rights of citizens of the United
States, and the just expectations of their Government, ami in
such manner as shall, in future, take away ail reasonable
ground ol complaint. It would be with the most profound re-
gret (hat the Pie&idcnt bhouM pee that, while it is now hoped so
many other subjects nf difference may be harmoniously ad-
justed, nothing should be done in regard to this dangerous
source of future collisions.
I avail mysel! of ihiw occasion to ronewto your Lordship the
assuiances of my distinguished consideiation.
DANIEL WEBSTEB.
Lord Ashbuhton, <fcc., 4cc.,<S^e.
Lord Ashhurton to Mi Webster.
Washington, August (5,
Snr You may be well assured that 1 am duly sensible of the
great impoitanceof the suhcct to whu h you call my attention
in the note which you did mo the honor of addre &ing me the 1st
instant, in which you mfoimod inc that the President had been
pleased to express his regiet that I was not empowered by my
Government to enter into a forma! stipulation (or the beitei sc-
cuiity ol ves&elh of'iheUnited States, when ineeupf with disas-
ters in passing between the United States anil the Bahama isl-
ands, and driven, by such disasteis, into British poi\s.
]t is, I behove, unnecessary that I should tell you that the •
cat e of the Creole was known m London a fuw dayd only be-
lore my departuie No <v>mplamt had at that time been made
by Mr. Everett, The subject was not, iheicfore, among those
which it was the immediate object of my irinsion to discuss.
But atthe same timo I must admit that, lrom the moment I was
acquainted with the facts of this case, I was sensible of ail its
impoitarice; and I should not think myself without power to
<nnv5idei oi h-.U'e adjustment of, and remedy loi, a great no-
k now ledged difficulty. il I could *ec my way clem Jy to any sat-
isfactoiy course, and if 1 had not amved at the conclusion, altci
very anxious consideration, that, fin the leasuns which X will
ytate, tins ques'ion bad belter be treaud m London, where it
will have a much increased chance of settlement, on terms
likely to satisly the interests ol the United States.
The immediate case of the Creoh' would lie easily disposed of;
but u involves a clas^ and description of rasios which, for the pnr
po.*c of alibi ding diat security yofl seek for the trade of A men-
ca ilnoughthe Bahama clnnnel, brings into consideiation qucs-
uons of law, both national and h.toinationnl, of the hiahosi im-
portance; and to lncreabc the delicacy and difficulty ol the sub-
ject, public feeling is sensitively alive to eveiy thing connected
with it. These chcunisiancts bung me to the conviction that,
although 1 really believe that much may he done to meet the
wishes of your Government, the means of doing so would be
best considered in London, where immediate reference may be
had to the highest authorises, on every point of delicacy and
dilhcuUy that may awe. Whatever I might attempt would Lc
more or less under the disadvantage of being fetteied by appro-
henMOtm of lesponsibility, and I might thereby be kept within
limits which my Government at home mightdieregaid. In other
vvoids, I believe you would have a better chance in this settle-
ment with them than with inc. I state this after some iinpei-
lect cndoavor-3, by correspondence, to come at satisfactory ex-
planations. if I were in this instance Heating ni ordinary nia-
terial intei^sts, I should proceed with more confidence; but
anxious as 1 unfenrnully am that al! questions likely to distnib
the tuttii'o good undemanding between us ihould be averted, i
&tiongly recommend this question of the security of the Ihtha-
ma channel being refeired foi discussion in London.
This opinion is moie decn-edly confirmed by your voiy ela-
borate and important argument on the application of the gener-
al principles of ilie law ol nations to these subjects—an aigu-
nu,nt to which your authority necessarily givps gieat weight,
bus in which I would not pnsume to follow you with my own
imperfect means Gieat Ihitain and the United States, covet-
ing ail the si as nf the world with their curmv-rcc, have tho
•neatest possible, interest in maintaining t-oundand pure prin-
ciples of international law, as well as die piachce of reciprocal
aid and good offices in all then haibors and possessions. With
icspeet to tho latter, it is satis factory to know that the disposi-
tion of the respective Governments and people leaves little :o
he.desiied, with the single exception of those very delicate and
peiplexing questions which have recently aris-'ii (iom the state
of slavery; and even these seem confined, and likely to continue
to be confined, to the narrow passage of the Bahama channel
At no other part of the British possessions arc American vessels
with sl?ves ever likely to touch, nor are they likely to touch
there otherwise than from the pressure of very urgent necessi-
ty. The difficulty, therefore, as well as the desired remedy, is
appaiently confincd within narrow limits.
Upon the great general principles affecting this case, we do
notdificr. You admit that if slaves, thepropeity of American
citizens, escape into Bnti&h territories, it is not expected that
they will be restored; and you may be well assured that there is
no wish on our part that they should reach our shores, or that _
Brni&h possessions should bo used as dccoys for the violators of
the laws of a friendly neighbor.
When these slaves do reach us, by whatever means, theic
is no alternative. The present state of British law is, in this
respect, too well known to lequne repetition; nor need I ic-
mmd you that it is exactly the same with the laws of every part
of the United States where a state of slavery is not recognised;
and that the slave put on shore at Nassau would be dealt with
exactly as would a foreign slave landed, under any circum-
stances whatever, atBoston.
But what constitutes the being within British dominion, from
which these consequences are to follow"? Is a vessel passing
through the Bahama channel, andfoiced involuntarily, either
from storm or mutiny, into British waters, to be so considered"?
What power have the authorities of those islands to take cog-
mzancc of persons or property in such vesselsi These arc
questions which you, sir, have discussed at great length, and
with evident ability,. Although you have advanced some prop-
ositions which rather surprise and startle me, I do not pretend
to judge them; but what is very clear, is, that great principles
aie involved in a discussion which it would ill become me
lishtly to enter upon; and I am confirmed by this consideration
in wishing that the subject be referred to where it will be per-
fectly weighed andexamined.
It behooves the authorities of our two Governments well to
guaul themselves against establishing, by their diplomatic in-
u'icouise, false precedents and pi^i.ciplee; and that they do not,
for thepurpise of meeting a passing difficulty, set examples
which may hereafter mislead the world.
It is not intended, on this occasion, to consider in detail the
piuticular instances which have given rise to these discussions.
They have already been stated and explained. Our object is
rather to look to the means ol future prevention ol such occur-
rences. That this may be obtained, I have little doubt, although
we may not be able immediately to agree on the precise stipu-
lations ol a tieaty. On the part of Great Britain, there are cer-
tain gieat pjinciplet?, tow deeply looted m the conscienccs and
s/mpathics of the people for any minister to be able to overlook;
and any engagement I might make in opposition to them would
be instantly disavowed; but, at the same time that we maintain
our own laws within our own territories, we arc bound to re-
spect those of our neighbors, and to listen to cvoiy possible sug-
gestion ol means of averting fiom them every annoyance and
injuiy. I have gri at confidencc that this may be effectually
done'in the pm-crit instance; but the case to be met and reme-
died is new, and must not be too hastily dealt with You may,
however, be as-ured that measures so important fur the pics-
ei vation ol fnendly intcicourso between the two countnes shall
not be neglected.
In the mean time, T can engage that mstnictions shall be given
to the Govemms ofhci Majesty's colonies cn the southern bor-
dcis of the United States, to execute their own laws with careful
attention to the wish of their own Government to maintain good
neighborhood; and that theie shall be no officious interference
with American vessels diivon by accident or by violence into
those ports The laws and duties of hospitality shall be executed;
and those seem neither to require nor to justify any further in-
quisition into the state of peisons, or things, on board of vessels
so situated", than may be indispensable to enforce ths observance
of the municipal law of the colony, and the proper regulation
of its haibors and wateis.
A htwet and careful attention to these rules, applied in good
faith to all transactions as they ause, will, I hope and believe,
without any abandonment of gieat general principles, lead to
the avoidance of any excitement or agitation on this very sensi-
tive subnet of slavtny, and, consequently, of those irritating
leeiings which may have a tendency to bring into peril all the
great interests connected with the maintenance of peace.
I fin thcr u ust that friendly sentiments, and a conviction of
the lmpoitarice ot cheii.>hing tlicm, will, on all occasions, lead
the two countnes to consider favorably any fuither arrange-
mentis which may be judged necessary for the reciprocal piotec-
uon of their lliteiests.
I hope, sir, that this explanation on this very important sub-
ject will be satisfactoiy to iho Pi csident, and that he will see in
it no diminution of thai earnest ilessiie, which you have been
pleased to recognise in me, to peifonn my work of reconcilia-
tion ami friendship; but that he will rather perceive, in my sug-
gestvn, in thn paiticulai instance, that it is made with a well-
founded hope of theieby better obtaining the object we have m
view.
1 have the honor to lenew to you, sir, the assurances of my
high consideration.  
A3HBURT0N.
Hon. Daniel Wbb&teb, &c., <kc., &c.
Mr. Webster to Lord Ashburton.
Department of State,
Washington, August 8, 1842.
Mv Lord. I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your Loidship's note of the 6th instant, in answer to mine of
the 1st, upon the subject of a stipulation for the belter security
ol American vessels duveti by accident, or carried by force,
into the British West India prn is
The Piesident would have been gratified if you had felt your-
self at iiberty to pioceed at once to consider of some proper
arrangement, by formal tieaty, for this object; but there may be
weight in the reasons which you urge for referring such mode
of stipulation lor consideration in London
The Piesident places his reliance on those principles of pub-
lic law which weie stated in my note to your Lordship,
and which are rcgaided as equally well founded and impor-
tant, and on your Lordship's engagement that instructions
shall be given to ihe Governois of her Majesty's colonies to
execute their own laws with careful attention to the wish of
their Government to maintain good neighborhood; and that
there shall be no oflicious interference with American vessels
driven by accident or by violence into those ports; that the
laws and duties of hospitality shall be executed, and that these
seem neither to lequire nor to justify any further inquisition
into the btateof persons or things on boaid of vessels ao sit-
uated, than may be indispensable to enforce the observance of
the municipal law of the colony, and the proper regulation of
