CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&7
f
«<
tion of whi"h, in December, I837t by an armed force fitted out
in the province of Upper Canada, you are already made ac-
quainted. No such atonement as was due for the public
wrong to the United States by this invasion of her territory, so
wholly irreconcileable with her rights as an independent power,
Jias yet been male. In the view taken by this Government,
tbe inquiry whether the vessel was in the employment of those
who were prosecuting an unauthorized war against that prov-
ince, or wasengaged by the owner in the business of transport-
ing passengers to and from Navy island, in hopes of private
gain, (which was most probably the case,) in no degree alters
the real question at issue between the two Governments This
Government can never concede to any foreign Govemmentthe
power, except m a case of the moat urgent an 1 extreme ne-
cessity, of invading its territory, cither to arrest the persons or
destroy the property of those who may have violated the muni-
pal laws of such lorcign Government, or have disregarded
their obligations arising under the law of nations. Tht? terri-
tory of the United States must be regarded as sacredly secure
against all such invasions, until they shall voluntatily acknow-
ledge inability to acquit themselves of their duty to others; and.
in announcing this sentiment, I do but affirm a principle which
nonauon on earth would be more readv to vindicate, at all
hazards, than the people and Government ol Great Entam. If,
upon a full investigation of all the fete is, i„ bhall'appear that the
owner of the 14 Caiohne'-' wad governed by a hostile intent, or
had made common cause with those who weie in the occupancy
of Navy island, ihen, so far as he is concerned, there can be no
claim to indemnity for the destruction of his boat, which this
Government would feel itself bound to propecnte, since he
Would haveacted not only in deiosration of the rights of Great
Britain, but  n clear violation of the laws of the United Stales.
But that is a question which, however settled, in r o manner in-
volves the higher consideration of the violation of territorial
sovereignty and jurisdiction. To recognise it as an admissible
practice, mat each Government, in iistuin, upon any sud-
den and unauthorized outbreak on a frontier, the extent of
whic.-i renders it impossible lor either to have an efficient force
on every mile of it, and which outbreak, therefore, neither may
be able to suppress in a day, may take vengeance into its own
nands, and without even a remonstrance, and m the absence
of any pressing or overruling necessity, may invade the teni-
tory of the other, would inevitably lead to results equally ro be
deplored by both. When border collisions come to ieceive the
eamction, or to be made on the authority, of etthei Government,
Teneral war must ho the inevitable result While it if the ar-
lent desire of the United ft'ates to cultivate the relations of
peace with all nation, and to fulfil ail (he dutiesof sood neigh,
borhood towards mo?e who po.-. esj lei tia,,;ei> .^jnnnt-g then
own. that very desire w«i M lead tl«-n to deny tho uaht ol any
foreign power to invade their boundary n uh an annul force.
The correspondence between the two Governments on this
subject will, at a lutuir, day of yom notion, be mibmirod to
your consideration; and, m the mec.n time, I cannot but induhre
the hope that the lintish Governnii'nt will see the prupiiety ot
renouncing, as a i ule of future action, the picccduit which has
been set in the affair at Schlosser
Lord Ashhurton lu Mr. Web iter.
Washington, July 23, U;42.
Sir: In the com se of our confeicnce- on the sevcial subject* of
difference which it was the object of my mission lo endeavor to
settle, the unfortunate cus>e ol the Caicline, wnh its attendant
consequences, could not escape om tuti-mum; (or, although it is
not ofa description to ho susceptible (<l any settlement hy .i con-
vention or tuiaty, yt t, buns connected wuh the consid-
erations of national honoi and dignity, it h is given uso,at times,
to deep excitements, so a-t moie tlian once to endanger the
maintenance of peace.
The note joudal n;e tj,r IkmOi ut ,id h<-vs n «r ih<  ~-7th in
slant, jemnwh? me th.it, i,ow*-v(" dvi"^cd m.iu (iovernnu nt
might he to bo sa'i-l-ed with tho explanations which it li^.-s
been my dutv to oth r, the n.ituiai anxiety ol iha |.uhhe, ipiimI
requuoi that t^e-.c erplanatum.s should be more dm.ibly >o
Coided in our cm itiSpnndencc; and you huh! me a copy ol yoin
note to Mr. Fox, her Bi (tannic JYlaj') iy's minister here, and ;m
extract lion) the n{ dni Pjc-tdent of the United States
to Cnnpuw, ii* tha opening of tlu- ptesem session, as a ready
mode of proentUi'r tin vi<;w euioitainul on this subject by the
Government ol the United States
It is so Jar satisfae'ory to perceive that we aie perfectly
agreed as to the general principles ol mteinational law applica-
ble to thici unfortunate ca=e lles-peci for theinvioiable charac-
ter of the teiritoiy of independent nations is tho mo-t essentrd
foundation ol civilization. Ii is usel.ts to btrengthen a
principle so generally acknowledged, by any appeal to authori-
ties on international law; and you may bo alined, .Mr, that her
Majeety's Government <-et the highest possible value on tins
principle, and ate sensible ol thetr'duty to suppoit it by then'
conduct and example, for the maintenance of peace and order m
the woild. U a sense t-fmoi.il responsibility were not a sulli-
cientsecuiity Jor their observance ol this duty towards all no-
tions, it will be readily believed that the most common dictates
ol interest and policy would lead io it in the ca<-e ol along con-
terminous boundary of some thousand miles, wuh a couotiy of
such greatand growing power as the Uni'cd States of America,
inhabited bv a kindred race, gilted with all i,s activity, and all
its bUf-ceptibility on points of national honor.
Every consideration, therefore, leads lis to set, as li'ghly
your Govei nmentcan posoibly do. this paiamount obligation ot
reciprocal respect (oi the independent tenitoiy of each. But
however strong this duty may be, it is admitted by all wvitcis,
by all jurists, by the occasional practice of all nations, not ex-
cepting your own, that a strong overpowenng nece^ify may
aris>e, when th:<5 great principlo"may and must be suspended.
It must be so for the shoitest possible period, during the con-
tinuance of an admitted overruling necessity, and strictly con-
fined withm the narrowest limits imposed by that n^ccs^ity.
Self-defence is the first la-v of onr nature; and it mus>t be lecog-
nwed by every code which professes to regulafe. the condition
and relations of man. Upon this modification (if I may so call
it) of the great general principle, we seem also to he agreed;
and on this part of the subject I have done liuie more than re
peat the sentiments, though m less forcible language, admitted
and maintained by you in the le'tcr to which you refer me.
Agreeing, therefore, on the general principle, and on the pos-
sible exception to which it is liable, theonlyquestionbetweenua
is, whether this occurrence came within the limits fairly to be
assigned lo such exception; whether, to use your words, there
was "that necessify oi self-defence, instant, overwhelming,
leaving no cho«ce ofmearf,'* whirh preceded the dostruc'ion of
the Caioiiiie, while- rnooud to ihcbhort of tl'.o United S'tUes
Give me leave to e^y, su, wuh all possible a'-'jr.iraiti.n of your
vti-y ingenious discussion ot ilie general pnnciples which are
supposed to govern the right and practiceofmteiference by the
peoplo of one country in the wins and quarrels of otheis^ that
this part of your argument is little applicable io our immediate
case. If Great Britain, America, or any other country, suffer
their people to fit out expeditions to take part m distant quar-
rels, such conduct may, according to the ciicumstances of each
case, be justly matter of complaint; and, perhaps these trans-
actions have geneially been in late times too much overlooked
or connived at. But the case we are considering, is of a wholly
different description, and maybe best determined by answer-
ing the following question Supposing a man, standing on
ground where you have no legal right to follow him, has a
weapon long enough to reach you, and is striking you down and
endangering your life: how long are you bound to wait for
the assistance of the authority having the legal power to
relieve you'5 or, to bring the facts more immediately home to
the case, ifcarmon are moving and betting up in a battery which
Can reach you, and aie actually destroying lile and property by
their file, if you have remonstrated for sometime without ef-
fect, and see no prospect of relief, when beg.ns your right to
defend yourself, should you have no other means of doing so
than by seizing your assailant on the verge of a neutral tcni-
toiy 1
I am unwilling to lecall to youi recollection the particular
of thi3 case; but I am obliged very shouly to do so, to show
what was, at the time the extent of the existing justification; for,
upon this, entirely depends the question wheiher a gross insult
has or has not been oflcred to the Government and people of
the United States.
Altei some tumultuous proceedings in Upper Canada, which
wcie of short, duiation, and weie suppressed by the mihua o(
thecountiy, the persons eriminally concerned in them took ief-
uge m the neighboring State of New York; and, with a very
large addition to their numbers, op«nly collected, invaded t^c
Canadian territory, taking possession ol Navy island
This invasion took place the 16th of December, 1837, a giad-
ual accession of numbeisandof military ammunition continued
openly, and, though under the sanction of no public authority,
at least with no public hindiance, until the 29th of die same
month, when several hundred men wcie collected, and twelve
pieces of ordnance, which could ordy have been procured from
some public store or aisenai, were actually mounted on Navy
island, andweie used to fire withm easy lange upon tho iiriot*
fending mhaoitants of the opposire s'une. R.emon-u<nicef,
Wholly ineffectual, weie made; so mefTectiuif, iruWd, tfnt a
militia tosimem, stationed on the r.eighbonngAmcnc-ui inland,
looked on without any attempt at interference, while t-h<-ts
weie hi ed ftom t'.e Aim tican island it?< If. This important fact
btdnds on the h«^t Amencan uiuhonty. heme stated in a letter
to Mr. Fowyth, of the Gth I'VhiiMiy, ISoS, ol Mr IJenum, af-
tonwy ottbe Un ted tftuu s, ihe gentleman t>ent by yom Gov
cinmentto impiue into the tacts of the rase; who adds, very
propcily that ho make* the stateme. t "wilhdeip regret and
mm tification."
This fore, formed ot all the reckless and mischievous p-'iple
of the boide.r, torrmdiihle from (heir numbers and irom their ar-
mament, had in their pay, and as pan of their establishment,
this steamboat Caroline—the impoitart means and iristiument
by which numbers end ai ms were hourly incie^injr. I mieht
safely put it to any candid man acquainted with the exiting
slate of things, to o.iy whether the military commander m Can
ada had the remotest re-ison, on the 29ih« l December to ex-
];rcf to be relieved tromthis state ol Rulfenni* by the protective
intervention of any Ameucan authonty. How km? could a
Government, having the panunounr duty ot piotecting its own
people, tic roasoriabiy expected to wait for whar they had then
no re.iNon to expet t^ V* hat would l;av,! been tie rendrc oj
Ameiicau officers7 ^ hat lia^ ( een iheir coednct inidei cu-
cum-Mance.? much le-'saagiavated'J \ would appeal to jnu, ^ir,
to ray win thei the iacN winch you s-ay would alone ptstily
this act, viz: lla necessity of soil defence, instimt, overwhelm-
ii'g, leaving no choice ol means, and no moment fin dehbe:.>-
thhi," were notapphcable to thi<? caff m ,ia h«r h a l egiee...-,
tiiey ever were to any c.'se oJ a Mintlai description m the histo-
ry of nations
Ne.n ly iive years are now passed since this occurrence; thijt e
ha-? boon tune for the. public to deliberate upon it calmly; and I
believe 1 may take it to be the opinion of candid arid honora
bit; men, that (lie Bnti^h officers w. o executed tins tmnsaction,
and thou* Government who appmved it, intended no shcht or
(lisre^ftect to the sovereign authority ol the United States.
Thaf they intended no such disrespect, lean most solemnly
affirm; a'nd I tuntitwillbe admitted that no inference to the.
eontiary can fanly he drawn, even by the mostsuscepuble m
points of national honor.
ISutwithManding my wish that the explanation I had to make
might not revive m any drsree any leelings ol irritation, I do
not see how I could neat this subject without this tdioit recital
of facts,bccause the proot that no disiespect vsns intended is
mainly to be looked tor m the extent of the justification.
There remains only a point or two which 1 should wi«-h to
notice, to remove, m some degree, the impiebsion which yom
rather hiuhly colored description of this transaction is calcu-
lated to ma! e The mode of telling a story often tends to dis-
tort facts; and in this case, more than in any other, it is impost-
ant to arrive at plain unvarnished tiuth.
It appears from every account, that the expedition was pent
to captme the Caroline when she was expected to be found on
the British ground of Navy island, and that it was only owing
to the oiders of the xebul leader being disobeyed, that sbo was
iav.00 found. When the British officer came round the point
of the island m the night, he fiist discovered that tho ve^el was
mooied to the other shine. He was not by thi3 deterred from
making the capture, amt his conduct was approved. But you
will perceive that thete was hero, most decidedly, tho case of
lustificationmentioned m your note, that Uieie should be "no
moiuuU left toi deliberation." I mention this circumstance to
show, also, that the expedition was not planned with a premed-
itated purpose of attacking the enemy withm the jurisdiction of
the United Prates, but that the necessity ot so doing arose from
altered circumstances at the moment of execution.
I have only further to notice the highly colored picture drawn
in your note, of the facts attending the execution of this service.
Some importance is attached to the attack having been made
m the night, and the vessel having been set on fire and floated
down the falls of the river; and it is insinuated rather than as-
serted, that there was carelessness as to the lives of the persons
on boird. The account given by the distinguished officer who
comma'siWl the expedition, distinctly refutes, or satisfactorily
explains these abseitions. The time of night was purposely se-
lected a« most likely to insure the execution, with the least lose
of life; and it is expressly stated that, the strength of the current
not permitting the vessel to be earned off, and it being necessa-
ry to destroy her by fire, the was drawn into the stream for
the express purpose of preventing injury to persor^s or proper-
ty of the inhabitants at Schlosser.
I would willingly have abstained fmm a return to the facts of
this transaction; my duty being to offer those explanations and
assurances which may lead to satisfy the public mind, and to
the cessation of all angry feeling; but it appealed to me that
borne explanation of paits of the case, apparently misunder-
stood, rrught bo of service for this purpose.
Although it is believed (hat a candid and impartial considera-
tion of the whole history of this unfortunate event will lead to
the conclusion that there were grounds of justification as strong
as were ever pieseritedm such cases; and, above all, that no
slight Ot the authority of the United States wcie intended, yet
it must be admitted that there was, in tVie hui ned execution of
this necessary service, a violation of territory; and I am in-
structed to assure you that her Majesty's Government consider
this as a most serious fact; and that, far from thinking that an
event of this kind should be lightly risked, they would urifeign-
edly deprecate its recurrence, booking back to what passedat
this distance of time, what is, peih^ps, most to be regretted, is,
that some explanation and apology for this occurence Yfas not
immediately made. This (with a frank explanation of the ne-
cessity of the case) might,and probably would, have prevented
much of the exasperation, and of the subsequent complaints
and reciimmations to which ltgave use.
There die oossible cases in the leiouons of nations, as of in-
dividual.", v. htne nccesMfy, which controls all other laws, may
be pleaded; but it is neither easy nor sale to attempt to define
the rights or nmis properly assignable to such a plea. This
mubl atwajs be a.subject of much delicai y, and should be con-
fidered by friendly nations with great candor and forbearance.
The intentions ofthr* parties must mainly be looked to. And
can it for a moment be supposed that Great Britain would in-
tentionally and wantonly pievoke a great and powerful neigh*
borl
Tier Majesty's Government earnestly desire that a reciprocal
respect for the independent jurisdiction and authority of neigh-
luuifiK sJuttCb may be considered among the first dunes of all
Governments; and I have to repeat the assurance of regret they
feel, that the event ofwhichlam treating should have disturbed
the harmony they so anxiously wish to maintain with the Amer-
ican pejplc and Government.
Connected with these tunsae.tions, there have also been cir-
cumsiotiU't, o! winch 1 beltevo it is generally admitted that
Great ihirun has a'fo had just ground to complain. Individu-
al . have b;en rru.de pei "enally liable for acts done under ths
jvowed authonty ofihen Gomnme'it; andtheiearenow many
bravo men < xposed to pci&onal consequences (or no other
uuiH' than havjiis reived 'hen countiy. That this is contrary
to every principle ol international law, it is useless for me to
insist. Inilerd, u lia^been admitted by evnry authority of your
Government; but, owing to a coi.jhct of laws, difficulties have
intervened, muen to theiegietof those authorities, in giving
piacticdl effect m these principle:; and for these difficulties
soidc remedy h.is been by all desired. It is no business of wine
to enter upon the consideration ot them; nor have I sufficient in.
fonnation for the purpose. Bnl 1 trust you will excusc my ad-
dieting to you the inquiry, Whether (he Government of (be
Fnited Suites is now in a i oniiiuwi to secuie, in effect and in
piiuuic, the pnncipie—which has never been denied in argu-
meM-"-}ha' individuals, acting under legitimate authority, are
not personally ^sponsible for exccuung the outers of their
Government. 'Th.it tho power, when it o-istf, will be used on
evtiy fir oci asion, I am wellabfiuifd; and I am bound to admit
tn.it, looking tin oimh the voluminous coriespondence concern-
11:5 thcM- n-inunctions, there appears no indisposition with any
oftho authoutH'H ofthe IVdeial Government, under its several
administrations, to do justice in this respect m us far as their
mear>>> and pow ei wen Id ,1] iu\v
I ti net, sii, I may now he permitted to hope that all feelings
id lej^niment and ill-will resulting from these truly unfoitn-
rate even's, may be buried m oblivion, and that they may be
(succeeded by tho^e ot harmony and friendship, which it is cer-
tainly the interest, and, I also believe, the inclination, of all to
promote.
I beg, tat, you will be assured of my high and unfeigned con-
sideration
ASIIBURTON.
Hon. Daniel Webster, &c.,&.c.,&c.
W'jb^er to Lord Ashburlon.
Department of State,
Washington, August G, J842.
Your Lordship's rote of the 23th July, m answer to mine of
the Wth, respecting the co^e ol the "Caiolme,"has been re-
ceived and laid before the President.
The President sees, with pleasure, that your Loidship fully
a-lmits those gi eat pnnciples of public law, applicable to cases
of this kind, which this Government has expressed; and that, on
your part, a= on ours, respect for the inviolable character of the
territory of independent States is the most essential founda-
tion of civilization And while it is admitted, on both sides,
that theie are exceptions to this rule, he is gratified to find that
your Loulship admits that such exceptions must come within
the limitations stated and the terms used in a former communi-
cation from this department to the Biitish Plenipotentiaiy
here. Undoubtedly it is just, that, while it is admitted that ex 
cepiions giovvm?: out e>f the great law of self defence do exist,
those evcer-tions Miou'd be confined to ca^es in which the "ne
cessity of self defence is instant, overwhelming, leaving 110
choice of means, and nr moment for deliberation."
Thuierstsnding these jtrinciples alike, the difference between
t\e two Governments is only whether the facts m the case of
lite "Gaiolino" trr.'ke out acase of such necessity for the pur-
pose of self-defence. Seeing that the 'ransaction is not recent,
having happened in the time of one of his predecessors; seeing
'hat your Lordship, m the name of your Government, solemnly
declares that no slight or disrespect wa3 intended to the sov-
ereign authority of the United States; seeing that it is acknowl-
edged that, whether justifiable or not, there was yet a violation
of the territory of the United States, and thai you are instruct-
ed to say that your Government considers that as a most se-'
rious occurrence; seeing, finally, that 11 is now admitted that an
