30
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ary>, the navigation of said river shall be free and
open to both parties, and shall in no way be ob-
structed by either: that all the produce of the forest,
in logs, lumber, timber, boards, staves, or shingles,
or of agriculture not being manufactured, grown on
any of those parts of the State of Ivlaine watered
by the river St. John, or by its tributaries, (of which
fact reasonable evidence shall, if required, be pro-
duced,) shall have free access into and through the
said river and its said tributaries, having their source
"within, the State of Maine, to and from the seaport
at the mouth of the said river St. John, and to and
round the falls of said river, either by boats, rafts or
other conveyance; that when within the Piovirice
of New Brunswick, the said produce shall be dealt
with as i£ it were the produce of the said Province:
that, in like manner, the inhabitants of the territo-
ry of the Upper St. John, determined bv this treaty
to belong to her Britannic Majesty, shall have free
access to and through the river for their produce, in
those parts where the said river runswholly through
the State of Maine: Provided, (ilirnys. That this
agreement shall give no right to either party to in-
terfere with anv regulations not inconsistent with
the terms of this treaty, which the Governments
respectively, of Maine pr of New Brunswick may
make respecting the navigation of the said river
when both banks thereof shall belong to the same
party.
ARTICLE IV.
All grants of land heretofore made by either
party, within the limits of the territory which by
this treaty falls within the dominions of the other
paity, shall be held valid, ratified, and confirmed
to the persons in possession under such grants, to
the same extent as if such territory had by this
treaty fallen within the dominions of the party by
whom such grants were made; and all enuitable
possessory claims, arising from a possession and
improvement of any lot or parcel of land bv the
person actually m possession, or by those lint'"11
whom such person claims foi- more than six years
before the date of this treaty, shall, in like man-
ner, be deemed valid, and beVonfinned and quieted
by a release lo tlu: person emitled ibero'o 0/ the
title to such lot or parcel of land, so described as
best to include the improvements made thereon •
and 111 all other respects the two contracting parties
agree to deal upon the m:,<l libera) princin'^- of
equity with the settleis actually dwelling l} xm the
territory tailing to them, respectively, which has
heretofore been iu dispute between them.
artk 'lk v.
Whereas, in the course ot ihe controversy re
speetmg the disputed territory on the Northeastern
boundary, some moneys have been received bv the
NPwTtr0* °f !'Cr r'!'itamlR' A'k>«ty's Piovince of
New Brunswick, with tne intention of preventing
depredations on the forests of the said tei-rrnrr'
which mon< ys were to be cairied to a fund called
the disputed territory fund," the proceeds where-f
it was agreed should be hereafter paid over lo the
parties interested, in ihe proportions to bo deter-
mined by a final settlement of boundaries- It is-
hereby agreed, tha; a correct account of all receipts
and payments on tne said fund shall be delivered to
the (government ot the United States within six-
months after the ratification of this treaty and th*
proportion of the amount due thereon to'lhe S'ates
of Maine and Massachusetts, and anv bonds or se-
curities appertaining thereto, shall be paid and de-
livered over to the Government of the CJ-iited
States; and the Government of the United States
agrees to receive for the use of and pay over i,i
the States of Maine and Masw'ch"^re'
.spective portions of said fund; and further" to nav
and satisly said States, respectively, for ail claims
for expenses incurred by them in prolactin "the
said heretofore disputed territorv and makw<* ?
rT r''tK'a e°'5n 1838; ll,e Governraent of Un-
united States agreeing with t he States of Maine and '
Massachusetts to pay them the lurther sum of three
hundred thousand dollars, in equal moieties 011
account of their assent lo the line of boundary'de-
enn^V 1 trea,J"- <>ntl in consideration of the
conditions and equivalents received therefor from
the Government of her Britannic Majestr.
artjclf vt.
It is furthermore understood and agreed th*t for
the purpose of running and iracmg"those palts of
the line between the source of the St. Croix and
the fet. Lawrence river, which will reunire'o b -
run and ascertained, and tor marking the re-idu-
of said line by proper monuments on the land two
commissioners shall be appointed-one by the Pk^
ident of the United States, b.y and with the advice
and consent uf the Senate thereof, and one by her
Britannic Majesty -, and the said commissioners
shall meet at Bangor, in the State of Maine, on the
1st day of May next, or as soon thereafter as may
be, and shall proceed to mark the line above de-
scribed, from the source of the St. Croix to the
river St, John; and shall trace on proper maps the
dividing line along said river, and along the river
St. Francis, to the outlet of the Lake Pohenaga-
mook; and from the outlet of the said lake, they
shall ascertain, fix, and mark, bv proper and dura-
ble monuments upon the land, the line described in
the first article of this treaty; and the said commis-
sioners shall make to each of their respective Gov-
ernments a joint report or declaration, under their'
hands and seals, designating such line of bonrfdary,
and shall accompany said report or declaration
with maps, certified by them to be true maps of the
new boundary.
ARTICLE VII.
It is further agreed, that the channels in the river
St. Lawrence, on both sides of the Long Sault
Islands, and of Barnhart Island; the channels in
the river Detroit, on both sides of the Island Bois
plane, and between that island and both the Amer-
ican qnd Canadian shores; and all the several chan-
nels and passages between the various islands lying
near the junction of the river St. Clair with ihe
lake of that name, shall be equally fie; and open to
the ships, vessels, and boats of both parties.
ARTICLE VIII.
The parties mutually stipulate that each shall
prepare, equip, and maintain m service, on the J
coast of Africa, a sufficient and adequate squadron, 1
or naval force of vessels, of suitable numbers and'
description, to carry inall not less than eightyguns 1
to enforce separately and respectively the laws'
lights, and obligations of each of the two coimtri°s
for the suppression of the slave-trade; the said
squadrons to be independent of each other,but the
two Governments stipulating, nevertheless, to give
such orders 10 the officers commanding their re-
spective forces as shall enable them most effectually
to art in concert and co-operation, uoon mutual
consultation, as exigencies may arise,' for the at-
copies
   • J     <4 i | ->V_, J (J I
lainiiienl|of the true object of this aiticle-
of all such orders to be communicated bv each
Government to the other, respectively.
1rtici.e ix.
Whereas, notwithstanding all efforts which way
be made on the coast of Africa for suppressing
tee slave-trade, the facilities for carrying on thai
jr.'ithc, and avoiding the vigilance of cruisers, by
the fraudulent use of flags, and other means are
so great, and ihe temptations for pursuing it,
while a market can be lound lor slaves so strono-
as (oat the desired result may be long delayed, un-
Jev^all markets be shut against the purchase of
African negroes,—rhe parlies f0 this treaty agree that
tbej will unite m all becoming representations and
remonstrances with any andallpowers within whose
dominions such markets are allowed to exist- and
that^ they Will urge upon all such ,lowers the'p"o
fo"ever11(1 closlng such markets at oncc- and
article x.
It is agreed that the United States and her Bri
annic Majesty shall, upon mutual requisitions b-'
hem, or their ministers, officers, or authorities"'
tespectiyeiy made, deliver up to justiceal! persons
: b£!'?S[chal's?etl with the crime of murder oras-
| *"ult Wlth "I'ent to commit murder, or pira'c" or
arson or robbery, or forgery, or the utterance of
| -oised papers, committed within the jurisdiction
of either, shall seek an asylum, or shall be
found, withm the territories of the other- pro-
dded, that this shall only be done upon S
evidence ot criminality as, according to ihe
laws of the place where the fugitive or Per-
son so charged shall be found, would justify
f apprenension and commitment for'Vial if
tiu crime or offence had there been committed-
and the respective judges and other magistrates of
tw° Governments .shall have power jurisdic-
1011, and authority, upon complaint made under
oatn to issue a warrant for the apprehension of
ihe iusitive or person so charged, that he may be
brought oefore such judges or other magistrates r--
iiy m'av h  hea^l6 ,tnat ^ "'idenee of criminol-
j ) mat K, heard <md considered: and if on such
leanng.the evidence be deemed sufficient, ^
a n he charge, it shall be the duty of the examin-
ing judge or magistrate to certify the same to the
proper executive authority, that a warrant may
issue for the surrender of such fugitive. The ex-
pense of such apprehension and delivery shall be
borne and defrayed by the party who makes the re-
quisition, and receives the fugitive.
ARTICLE XI.
The eighth article of this treaty shall be in force
for five years from the dale of the exchange of the
ratifications, and afterwards, until one or the other
party shall signify a wish to terminate it. The tenth
article shall continue m force until one or the other
of the parties shall signify its wish to terminate it,
and no longer,
ARTICLE XII.
The present treaty shall be duly ratified, and the
mutual exchange of ratifications shall take place in
London, within six months from the date hereof,
or earlier if possible.
In faith whereof, we, the respective plenipoten-
tiaries, have signed this treaty, and have heieunto
affixed our seals.
Done in duplicate, at Washington, the ninth day
of August, anno Domini one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-two.
DANIEL WEBSTER, [seal.]
ASHBURTON, ' [^kau]
And whereas, the said treaty has been duly rati-
fied 011 both parts, and the respective ratifications of
the same having been exchanged, to wit: at Lon-
don, on the thirteenth day of October, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-two, by Edward Everett,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
of the United States, and the right honorable the
Earl of Adbrdeen, her Britannic Majesty's princi-
pal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, on the
part of their respective Governments:
Now, therefore, be it known, that I, John Tyler,
President of the Uniied States of America, have
caused the said treaty to bu made public, to the end
that the same, and every clause and article ihereof
may be observed and fulfilled with good faith by
the United States, and the citizens thereof.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of the United States to be af-
fixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this tenth day
of November, in the year of our Lord one
[ 1 si ll'K"!;an" eight hundred and forty-two, and
of the independence of the United States
the sixty-seventh.
-p „ _ . " JOHN TYLER.
By the President:
Daniel Webster, Secretary of Slate.
T W E NT Y-SE V EN Til CONGRESS;
THIRD SESSION..
IN SENATE.
Monday, Decimber o, lHi2
nf ,hlSset apart b-y the Constitution
Contles fS fer :iSfi asnuat meeting of
The PRESIDENT pro ten (Mr. Majtgom) took
h r fr,V™a, Ua lhe Sena!e t0 ordCT « ihe
how of Uo cock. He stated that he had been
informed by th.i ser^rant-a'-arms that there was
not a qso.ym of the Senators present.
5Jr. HUNTINGTON obseived, that that being
Ke.lT' " w s, *rparent that no business could
- traa.r. v-d tooaj; he therefore moved that the
Sriateadjourn ntl to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
ne question was put, -nd carried in the affirm-
ative, anu tne Senate Eccordirgiy arj-inmej.
v Jhe fo!iowinS Senators appeared in their seats,
Fro n M,inf^--Messr-;. Williams ,-irl Evans.
Wilcox ^Ycocibury and
From MmsarJnisel's —Mr. Si'm,
tram Cmneciicvt-Mr. F:'uvir.g'on.
iuom Vermont—iV£r. Oi&f •
rrllT, *eW y#r*—Wright and Tall-
fVom to Jersey.—Mr. Dajton.
Sr'rMessrs. Buchanan and
r™ Bnard and Clayton,
Zl S^'vMw" Kerra'"1
rom nrgmia —Messis-. Rives and Archer
From North Carolina—Mr, Mango in.
