36
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rekdily enter into generalcirculatjon, and be main-
tained at all times at or above par with gold and
silver; thereby realizing the great want of the
age, and fulfilling the wishes of the people. In
order to reimburse the Government the expenses
of the plan, it was proposed to invest the Ex-
chequer with the limited authority to deal in bills
"of exchange, (unless prohibited by the State in
which an agency might be situated,) having only
thirty days to run, and resting on a fair and bona
fide basis. The legislative will on this point might
be so plainly announced, as to avoid all prete-xt for
partiality or favoritism. It was furthermore pro-
posed to invest this Treasury agent with authority to
receive on deposite, to a limited amount, the specie
funds of individuals, and to grant certificates there-
for, to be redeemed on presentation, under the idea
(which is believed to be well founded) that such
certificates would come in aid of the exchequer
bills in supplying a safe and ample paper circula-
tion. Or, if in place of the contemplated dealings
in exchange, the Exchequer should be authorized
not only to exchange its bills for actual deposites of
specie, but for specie or its equivalents to sell drafts,
charging therefor a small but reasonable premium,
1 I cannot doubt but that the benefits of the law would
be speedily manifested in the revival of the credit,
trade, and business of the whole country. Enter-
taining this opinion, it becomes my duty to urge
its adoption upon Congress, by reference to the
strongest considerations of the public interests, with
■such alterations in its details as Congress may in
its wisdom see fit to make.
. I am well aware that this proposed alteration and
amendment of the laws establishing the Treasury
Department has encountered various objections;
and that, among others, it has been proclaimed a
Government bank of fearful and dangerous im-
port. It is proposed to confer upon it no extraor-
dinary powers. It purports to do no more than pay
the debts of the Government With the redeemable
paper of the Government; in which respect, it ac-
complishes precisely what the Treasury does daily
at this time—m issuing to the public creditors the
treasury notes, which, under law, it is authorized to
issue. It has no resemblance to an ordinary bank,
as it furnishes no profits to private stockholders,
and lends no capital to individuals. If it be ob-
jected to as a Government bank, and the objection
be available, then should all the laws in relation
to the Treasury be repealed, and the capacity of
the Government to collect what is due to it, or pay
what it owes, be abrogated.
This is the chief purpose of the proposed Ex-
chequer; and surely, if, in the accomplishment of a
purpose so essential, it affords a sound circulating
medium to the country and facilities to trade, it
should be regarded as no slight recommendation
of it lo public consideration. Properly guarded by
the provisions of law, it can run into no dangerous
evil; nor can any abuse arise under it, but such as
the Legislature itself will be answerable for, if it be
tolerated: since it is but the creature of the law, and
is susceptible at all times of modification, amend-
ment, or repeal, at ihe pleasure of Congress. I
know that it has been objected that the system
would be liable to be abused by the Legislature
—by whom alone it cou'd be abused—m the par-
ty conflicts of the day; that such abuse would
manliest itself in a change of the law, which
would authorize an excessive issue of paper for
the puipose of inflating pi ices and winning pop-
ular favor. To that it may be answered,
that the aseriplion of such a motive to Congress is
altogether giatuitous and inadmissible. The the-
ory of our institutions would lead us to a different
conclusion. But a perfect security against a pro-
ceeding so reckless, would be found to exist in the
very nature of things. The political party which
should be so blind to the true interests of the coun-
tiy as to resort to such an expedient, would inevita-
bly meet with a final overthrow, in the fact that,
the moment the paper ceased to be convertible into
specie, or otherwise promptly redeemed, it would
become worthless, and would, in the end, dishonor
the Government, involve the people in ruin, and
such political party in hopeless disgrace. At the
same time, such a view involves the utter impossi-
bility of furnishing any currency other than that of
the preciou-metals; for, if the Government itself
cannot forego the temptation of excessive paper is-
sues, what reliance can be placed m corporations,
upon whom the temptations of individual ag-
grandizement would most strongly operate"! The
people would have to blame none but themselves
for any injury that might arise from a course so
reckless, since their agents would be the wrongdo-
ers , and they the passive spectators.
There can be but three kinds of public currencj;:
1st. Gold and silver; 2d. The paper of State insti-
tutions; or, 3d. A representative of the precious
metalsj provided by the General Government, or
under its authority. The sub-treasury system re-
jected the last, in any form; and, as it was believed
that no reliance could be placed on the issues of lo-
cal institutions, for the purposes of general circu-
lation, it necessarily and unavoidably adopted spe-
cie as the exclusive currency for its own use. And
this must ever be the ease, unless one of the other
kinds be used. The choice, in the present state of
public sentiment, lies between an exclusive specie
currency on the one hand, and Government issues
of some kind on the other. That these issues can-
not be made by a chartered institution, is supposed
to be conclusively settled. They must be made,
then, direeily by Government agents. For several
yearspast, they have been thus made in the form of
treasury notes, and have answered a valuable pur-
pose. Their Usefulness has been limited by their
being transient and temporary; their ceasing to
bear interest at giVen periods, necessarily causes
their speedy return, and thus restricts their range
Of circulation; and being used only in the disburse-
ments of Government, they cannot reach those
points where they are most required. By render-
ing their use permanent, to the moderate extent
already mentioned, by offering no inducement for
their return, and by exchanging them for coin and
other values, they will 'cohstitute, to a certain ex-
tent, the general currency so much needed to main-
tain the internal trade of the country. And this is
the Exchequer plan, so far as it may operate in
furnishing a currency.
I cannot forego the occasion to urge its impor-
tance to the credit of the Government in a financial
point of view. The great necessity of resorting to
every proper and becoming expedient, in order lo
place the treasury on a footing of the highest re-
spectability, is entirely obvious. The credit of the
Government may be regarded as the very soul of
the Government itself—a principle of vitality, with-
out which all its movements are languid, and
all its operations embarrassed. In this spirit
■the Executive felt itself bound, by the most im-
perative sense of duty, to submit to Congress, at
its last session, the propriety of making a specific
pledge of the land fund, as the basis for the nego-
tiation of the loans authorized to be contracted. I
then thought that such an application of the public
domain would, without doubt, have placed at the
command of the Government ample funds to re-
lieve the treasury from the temporary embarrass-
ments under;which it labored. American credit had
suffered a considerable shock in Europe, from the
large indebtedness olthe Slates, and the temporary
inability of some of them to meet the interest on
their debts. The utter and disastrous prostration of
the United States Bank of Pennsylvaniahad contrib-
uted largely to increase the sentiment of distrust,
by reason of the loss and ruin sustained by the
holders of its stock—a large portion of whom were
foreigners, and many of whom were alike ig-
norant of our political organization, and of our
actual responsibilities. It was the anxious de-
sire of the Executive that, m Ihe effort to nego-
tiate the loan abroad, the American negotiator
might be able to point the money-lender to the
fund mortgaged for the redemption of the prin-
cipal and interest of any loan he might con-
tract, and thereby vindicate the Government from
all suspicion of bad faith, or inability to meet its
engagements. Congress differed from the Execu-
tive m this view of the subject It became, never-
theless, the duty of the Executive to resort to every
expedient in its power to negotiate the authorized
loan. After a failure to do so in the American
market, a citizen of high character and talent was
sent to Europe—with no belter success; and thus
the mortifying spectacle has been presented, of the
inability of this Government to obtain a loan so
small as not in the whole to amount to more than
one-fourth of its ordinary annual income; at a
time when the Governments of Europe, although
involved m debt, and with their subjects heavily
burdened with taxation, readily obtain loans of any
amount at a greatly reduced rate of interest. It
would be unprofitable to look furlher into this
anomalous state of things; but I cannot conclude
without adding, that, for a Government which has
paid off its debts of two wars with the largest
maritime power of Europe, and now owing a debt
which is almost next to nothing, when compared
with its boundless resources—a Government the
strongest in the world, because emanating from
the popular will, and firmly rooted in the affections
of a great and free people—and whose fidelity to its
engagements hasnever been questioned; for snch a
Government to have tendered to the capitalists of
other countries an opportunity for a small invest-
ment of its stock, and yet to have failed, implies
either the most unfounded distrust in its good faith,
or a purpose, to obtain which the course pursued
is the most fatal which could have been adopted.
It has now become obvious to all men that the
Government must look to its own means for supply-
ing its wants; anditis consoling to know that these
means are altogether adequate for the object. The
Exchequer, if adopted, will greatly aid in bringing
about this result. Upon what I regard as a well*
founded supposition, that its bills would be readily
sought for by the public creditors, and that the issue
would, in a short time, reach the maximum of
®15,000,000, it is obvious that $10,000,000 would
. thereby be added to the available means of the treas-
ury, without cost or charge. Nor can I fail to urge
the great and beneficial effects which would be
produced in aid of all the active pursuits of life.
Its effects upon the solvent Slate banks, while it
would force into liquidation those of an opposite
character, through its weekly settlements, would
be highly beneficial; and, with the advantages of a
sound currency, the restoration of confidence and
credit would follow, with a numerous train of bless-
ings. My convictions are most strong that these
benefi's would flow from the adoption oi this meas-
ure; but, if the result should be adverse, there is
this security m connexion with it—that the law
creating it may be repealed at the pleasure of the
Legislature, without the slightest implication of its
good faith.
I recommend to Congress to take into consider-
ation the propriety of reimbursing a fine imposed
on General Jackson, at New Orleans, at the time
of the attack and defence of that city, and paid
by him. Without designing any reflection on the
judicial tribunal whifh imposed the fine, the re-
mission at this day may be regarded as not unjust
or inexpedient. The voice of the civil authority
was heard amidst the glitter of arms, and obeyed
by those who held the sword—thereby giving addi-
tional lustre to a memorable military achievement.
If the laws were offended, their majesty was fully
vindicated; and, although the penalty incurred and
paid is worthy of little regard in a pecuniary point
of view, it can hardly be doubted that it would be
gratifying to the war-worn veteran, now in retire-
ment and in the winter of his days, to be relieved
from the circumstances in which that judgment
placed him. There are cases in which public func-
tionaries may be called on to weigh the public in-
terest against their own personal hazards; and, if
the civil law be violated from praiseworthy mo-
tives, or an overruling sense of public danger and
public necessity, punishment may well be re-
strained within that limit which asserts and main-
tains the authority of the law, and the subjec-
tion of the military to the civil power. The de-
fence of New Orleans, while it saved a city from
the hands of the enemy, placed the name of Gen-
eral Jackson among those of the greatest captains
of the age, and illustrated one of the brightest pages
of our history. Now that the causes of excitement
existing at the time have ceased to operate, it is
believed that the remission of this fine, and what-
ever of gratification that remission might cause the
eminent man who incurred and paid it, would be
in accordance with the general feeling and wishes
of the American people.
I have thus, fellow-citizens, acquitted myself of
my duty under the Constitution, by laying before
you, as succinctly as I have been able, the state
of the Union, and by inviting your attention to
measures of much importance to the country. The
Executive will most zealously unite its efforts with
those of the Legislative Department in the accom-
plishment of all that is required to relieve the
wants of a common constituency, or elevate the
destinies of a beloved country.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, December, 1842.
Mr. KERR moved lhat 1,500 copies of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents, and 3 500
copies without the documents, in addiiion to the
usual quantity, be printed for the use of the Senate.
