CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
The CHAIR said it would be necessary, under
the rule of the last session, to refer ibe motion 10
the Committee on Printing, unless, by unanimous
consent, the printing was ordered.
Mr. KING thought it was not so intended by
the rule; but, such being the impression of the
Chair, he hoped the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate for the printing would be given. He made that
motion; and
The question being put, it was carried in the af-
firmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tew. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering the Treasurer's report of hi* ac-
counts for the third and fourth quarters of 1841,
and the first and second quarters of ibe year 1849;
which,
On motion of Mr. EVAN'S, was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the daily hour of meeting of the Senate be 12
o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
DEATH OF MR. J. W. WILLIAMS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, informing the Senate of the death of
one of its members, Mr. J. W. Williams, late a
Representative from the State of Maryland; which
being read,
Mr. KERR rose, and remarked as follows;
I rise, with feelings of painful regret, to perform
the duty of proposing to the Senate some special
notice of the communication from the House of
Representatives upon the recent and sudden deaih
of the Hon. James W. Williams, late a member
of that body from the State which I have the honor
here, in part, lo represent.
The first news of this distressing event reached
me on my journey hither. The fact was then too
confidently related to admit of doubt on my part,
and was soon confirmed in all its particulars.
The deceasjd was travelling, on Friday last,
from his home, to the discharge of his high duties
in this Capitol, when he was stricken down by the
visitation of Providencc—apoplexed. In a state
of insensibility, he was reconveyed lo his own man-
sion, in time only to draw his last breath in the
bosom of his afflicted family.
I will not detain you, Mr. President, by any te-
dious homily of mine upon this striking example
of the uncertainty of the life of man, and of the
poor assurance we have of its continuance, from
day to day, even in the highest health, amidst
the gayest enjoyments that life can supply, and
with all the honors to which ambition may prompt
us to aspire. We are proudly conscious cf "this
sensible warm motion" of our beinc, but little
think how soon it may "become a kneaded clod!"
We live on, heedless of the continual recurrence
of fatal incidents like this, and take no warning
from them. We seem, indeed, to live to be ever
verifying the well-known aphorism—which is daily
repeated—that "Man thinks all men mot tal but him-
self!" •
Let us, Mr. President, take to heart this fatal
blow on one who, like us, perhaps, was indulging
the hape of prolongfd life and happiness; and, m
doing the foimal honor to his virtues and his mem-
ory which custom here demands of us, let us ap-
ply to ourselves the sad story of his untimely death,
in solemn reflection, and keep it in mind, as a to-
ken and a proof that we—ay, the wisest and the
best of us—must ere long follow him to "that
bourne from whence no traveller returns!"
It becomes me, as a friend of the deceased, to
say a few words in justice to the character of so
worthy and so excellent a citizen.
Mr. Williams was a native son of Maryland,
but born in a section of it distant from that in
which he last and long resided. He was educated
with unusual care, and great pains were taken to
make bira a scholar—and a good one; and he re-
warded, by an assiduous improvement of his advan-
tages, the kindness of an anxious parent, who be-
stowed on him the noble boon of a well-regulated
education.
Though intended for the profession of the law,
he married early, and became an active and dis-
tinguished merchant in our commercial emporium,
(the monumental city,) but ultimately retired, as
most men seem inclined to do, to the pursuit of
agriculture. Yet, with the advantages of early
study and a cultivated mind, this gentleman was
enabled to fulfil with high credit the duties of a
Representative in the Legislature of his native
State, and, for his superior intelligence and useful-
ness, was for some time distinguished by the honor
of prfsiding over the deliberations of its popular
branch.
In the discharge of all public duties, he was able,
steady, and diligent; and it is proof of his eleva-
tion in the general confidence and respect, that he
was raised by the voice of an intelligent commu-
nity around him lo that high and honorable station,
the duties of which he was hastening to discharge,
and in which he died.
I do not choose, Mr. President, to advert to the
particular religious persuasion to which this gen-
tleman belonged; but he perform d his moral du-
ties, and his social and domestic obligations, with
fidelity, with kindness, and with uniform courtesy;
and all who knew him will ever bear testimony to
that amiable demeanor for which he was remarka-
ble in all his private intercourse.
If the deceased had any peculiar faults or foibles,
I knew them not; and I trust thsy were only such
as frail humanity is heir to. It were bootless now
to weigh them in the rigid scale of justice. Let us
not too scrupulously scan that account of him,
which we, ourselves, could not render but in asking
mercy:
"No farther seek his merits to disclose,
Or draw his frailties from their dread abode-
There they, alike, in trembling hope repose—
The bosom of his Fatherand his God!"
I will offer for the adoption of the Senate, and
as a memorial for our record, the resolutions which
I send to the chair:
Resolved, That the Senate have received with deep sensibil-
ity the proceedings of the House of Representatives on the sud-
den death of the Hon. Jambs W. Williams, a member of that
body from the State of Maryland, and sincerly sympathise in the
regrets incident to that mournful occasion.
Resolved, That, in testimony of their high respect for the
character of the deceased, the members of the Senate will wear
the usual badge of mourning for the space of thi rty days; and as
a further testimonial of respect for the memory o t the deceased,
that the Senate forthwith adjourn.
The Senate, accordingly, adjourned.
Mr. Berrien of Georgia, Mr. Miller of New
Jersey, and Mr. Barrow of Louisiana, appeared
in their seats to-day, in addition to those already
announced.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, D.cember 7, 1842.
The minuies of yesterday wore read and ap-
proved.
THE ONE-HOUR RULE.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON rose for the purpose of
giving notice that to-morrow he should move that
the one-hour rule be rescinded.
[Some gentleman was heard to s&y that the one-
hour rule was not in force.]
Mr. J. resumed, and said he had been told that
the one-hour rule was not now in operation, as it
had been adopted for the concluding portion of the
last session only. If, therefore, that were so, -his
notice would be unnecessary.
The SPEAKER replied that the one-hour rule
had been incorporated with the rules of the House.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON'S notice was then re-
ceived and entered.
ABOLITION.
Mr. ADAMS called the attention of the House
to the position in which a motion made by him to
rescind the 21st rule was left yesterday; the House
having nrgatived the question, ''Shall the main
question be now pull" after the previous question
had been seconded. He then expressed his desire
that the question should now be taken, and wiihout
debate; for it had been very fully discussed hereto-
fore, and was well known to, and understood by,
every member of the House.
Tne SPEAKER said the question would come
up as business m order; and, as the previous ques-
tion had been seconded, debate was necessarily cut
off.
Some conversation in relMien to the operation
cf the previous question ensued, in which Mr.
ADAMS, Mr. PICKENS, Mr. EVERETT, and
the SPEAKER took part. t
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then said, ss the gentle-
men on the other side were avowedly very anxious
to prevent debate, he hoped they would vote with
him to lay the whole subject on the table. He
then made that motion; on which the yeas and nays
were demanded, and ordered.
Mr. B1DLACK moved that he be excused from
voting on this subject.
Mr. B. said he had made this motion as the
only way in which he cculd get an opportunity
of " defining his position." He had no doubt the
previous question would be called and sustained;
and he wished to take Ihis occasion, before the
vote was taken on the motion now pending, to
remind Southern gentlemen, and especially some
of the members from Kentucky and Virginia,
that he had been very much surprised at their vote
on this question yesterday, as well as heretofore,
Mr. B. had been told, when this question was
first submitted to him to vole upon at a previous;
session, that it was a question of "life and death"
with the South, upon which "they were ail united."
Supposing this to be the case, Mr. B. had gone
with them upon an abstract proposition, upon the
merits of which there was an honest difference of
opinion among good men, who were his imme-
diate constituents, as well as elsewhere, at the
North. Now, what he wished was te appeal to
Southern men to know whether they considered it
magnanimous to urge. Northern members to a par-
ticular course on this question, when Southern
members themselves would not unite upon it.
•The SPEAKER reminded Mr. B. that the mo-
tion was a very narrow one.
Mr. BIDLACK observed he was aware he
eould not go into the merits of the question, and
he would content himself with ?a)irg that be was
determined to remain consistmt, and vote as he
had done heretofore, notwithstanding the circum-
stances to which he had reference. He had ob-
tained his object by refemng to the pccvliar posi-
tion of the parties to the question, and would with-
draw the motion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. W. G. John-
son] to lay the whole ?ubject on the table; and it
was negatived—yeas 90, nays 91, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Barton, Beeson, Bid.
lac.k,Bowne, Boyd. Charles Brown, Burke, William Butter,
William O Butler, Patrick C Caldwell, Thomas J Campbell,
Casey, Chapman, CbtlbnJ, Clinton, Mark A. Capper, Cross,
Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Peberry, i'astman, John C. Edwards,
Charles A. Floyd, Fornance,- Gamble, Geriy, Gilmer, Gus-
tme, Hams, Hastings, Hays, Holme?, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jack, William
Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Kenn, McKay,
Mailory, Marchand. Mathews, Medill, Miller, Mitchell,
Newhard, Owsley, Payne, Peaice, Pickens, Plurner, Powell,
Alexander Randall, Rayner, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds,
Rhelt, Iliggs, Rogers, Shaw, Shepperd, William Smith,
Snyder, Sprigg, Steenrod, Summers, Sweney. Taliaferro, John
fl. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Triplect, Turney,
Van Buren, Ward, Warren, Washington, Watterson, Welter,
Westbrook, Wise, and Wood—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay-
crigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnaid, Birdseye, Blair, Boaidman,
Borden, Botts, Brewster, IJriejr", Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah
Brown, Burncll, Calhoun, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
Staley IS. Clarke, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranslon, Garrett
Davis, Richard I). Davis, Doig, John Edwards, Egbert,
Everett, Ferris,Fessenden, Fillmore, John G. Floyd, A. Law-
lence Foster, Giddings, Patrick G Goode, Gordon, Granger,
Hall, Halsted, Henly, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James
Irvin, William W. Irwin, James, lann, Littlefield, Robert
McClellan, McKennan, McKeon, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Parmenter,
Patridge, Pendleton, Ram:,ay, Peojamin Randall, Randolph,
Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, William Russell, James M.
Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith,
Stanly, Stokely, Stratton, Alex. H. II. Stuart, Toland, Tom-
linson, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaet, Joseph T,.
White, Thomas W. Williams, Winthtop, Yoi Ire, and Augustus
Young—91,
The SPEAKER announced thai the question
recurred, Shall the main question be put? On
which Mr. Adams had demanded ihe yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly taken, and
resulted as follows: Yeas 91, nays 93. The ques«
tion, therefore, being again negatived, went over
for the day. The yeas and nays were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay*
cngg, Babcock, Baker, Bamaid, Birdseye, Blair, Bnardman,
Bjrden, Botts, Bngsrs, Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah Brown,
Burnell, Calhoun, Casey, Childs, Chittenden, Joho C, Clark,
SaleyN. Ciaike, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Garret^
