COKdRESStOKAL GLOBE,
39
Secondly. That the insolvent lavs of ifce S'aies
be respected and left in force, to the same deg-ee
that they were ordered to be respected by the 61 -t
section of the act of 1800; which bection is in the
following words:
"That this act shall not repeal or annul, or be construed to
repeal or annul, the laws of any State now l'l foice, or winch
may hereafter be.enacted, for the leiief of insolvent debtors, ex-
cept so far as the same may respect persons wiio are, oi may
be, clearly within the purview of this act, and whose debts
shall amount, in the cases specified in the second section there-
of, to the sums therein mentioned. Andifany peison within the
purview of this act shall be imprisoned for the space of three
months for any debt or upon any contract, unless the creditoi s
of such prisoner shall proceed to prosecute a commission of
bankruptcy against him or her, agreeably to the provisions of
this act, such debtor may, and shall be, entitled to relief under
any such laws for the relief of insolvent debtois, this act not-
withstanding."
Thirily. That the liens created by Slale laws
on the property of bankrupts be respected and ob-
served in the same full and absolute manner in
which they were ordered to be respected and ob-
served by the 64th section of Ihe said act oi 1800;
which section is in these words:
"That nothing contained in this act shall be taken or con-
strued to invalidate or impair any lien existing at the date of
this act upon the lands or chattels of any-peraon who may be-
come bankrupt."
Fourthly. That a person subject to involuntary
bankruptcy shall not have the privilege of volun-
tary bankruptcy; but, on filing a declaration of in-
solvency, shall be subject to be proceeded against
at the will of his creditors, according to the princi-
ples of the 6'h section of the bankrupt act of
George IV, and the 13th section of the insolvent
debtors act of the same reign.
Fifthly. That the operation of the act be pros-
pective only, according to the first section of the
bankrupt act of the year 1800.
Sixthly. That agreements on the part of bank-
rupts m office to assign a part of their falaries and
emoluments to their creditors, be binding in law,
and give the creditors a right to have ihe same re-
tained for their benefii.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill was then
ordered to be printed, and read a second time.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from W.
M. Cluackenboss and others, sureties of ihe late
collector for the port of New York, (Mr. Swart-
wout,) asking that a law might be passed author-
izing the.Secretary of the Treasury to compromise
with said sureties their liabilities to the Uniled
States. Mr. W remarked that this matter had
been before the Senate three or four consecutive
sessions, and a bill had been invariably passed,
but failed in the House for want of time.
He hopud, as this was a short session, and as it
was to the interest of all parties that the matter
should be settled, that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary would give the subject the earliest considera-
tion possible, and report a bill without delay. He
moved the reference of tha petition to the Judiciary
Committee; but, as no such committee was yet ap-
pointed, it was ordered to lie on the table for the
present.
Mr. TALLMADGE submitted the following
resolution, which lies over, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
etiucted to inquire into the expediency of instructing ihe Sec-
retary of State to communicate with the judicial officers of
the United States who have had the execution of the bank-
rupt law, and ascertain from them the number of applications
under the act, both voluntary and involuntary; thenumberof
discharges, the poinrs decided under any provision of ihe act,
the opinions of the judges as to any amendments or modifica-
tions of the act; and such other information as he may deem
necessary to show the effects and operations of the act; and
that he report the same to the Senate on the first day of the
next session.
Mr. BARROW gave notice that he would on
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of Thomas W. Chinn.
THE EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. BAYARD rose and said he would take this
early opportunity, in conformity with the notice
which he had given on th« last day of the la'.t ses-
sion, to introduce a resolution wh'ch he hail be?n
instructed by the Legislature of In: State to intro-
duce four years aco; and he would take occasion
to say that it was his design to a'k its considera-
tion at as early a day as practicable. The Senate
having nothing of a very important nature to nrcnpy
its attention at present, he hoped thev wou'd be
able to lake the matter into consideration within
the present month, as the adoption of the resolution
would be, in bis opinion, a happy consummation
wuh which to close the year. It was to rescind
the resolution of the 16 h January, 1837, common-
ly called the "expunging resolution." Mr. B.'s
resolution was then sent to the Chair, and read as
follows:
Whereas the Senate of the United States, in the exercise of
its functions as a deliberative assembly, did, on the 28th day of
March, 1834, adopt the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the President, in the late Executive pro-
ceedings in relation to the revenue, has assumed upon himself
authority and power not conferred by the Constitution and laws,
but in derogatisn of both."
And whereas afterward, to wit, on the 16th day of January,
1837, the Senate, m reference to the above resolution, adopted
another, as follows:
"Resolved, That the eaid resolve be expunged from the
Journal: and for that purpose, that the Secretary of the
Senate, at such time as the Senate may appoint, shall
bring the manuscript Journal of the session of 1833—*4 into the
Senate, and, m the presence of the Senate, draw black lines
round the said resolve, and write across the face thereof, in
strong letters, the words following: Expunged by order of thp
Senate, this 16th day of January, m the year of our Lord 1837."
And whereas the Constitution of the United States expressly
requires that each House of Congress shall keep a journal of
its proceedings, meaning thereby to preserve a faithful and
permanent record of those proceedings:
And whereas the Senate of the United States, independently
of us legislative, executive, and judiciaHunctions, has the in-
herent right, as a deliberative assembly, to express its opin-
ions, which can he done only by resolution—which opinions,
whf-n thus expressed, become part of its proceedings, of
which the Constitution provides that a permanent record shall
be kept:
And whereas the resolution of the 16th of July, 1837, and the
act of the Secretary of the Senate in compliance with it, in
legal contemplation destroyed, and in fact defaced, the record
of the proceeding to which it refers : wherefore,
Resolved, Thatthe resolution of the 16th of January, 1837,
commonly called the expunging resolution, be, and the same is
hereby, rescinded, and shall be forever hereafter held as
nausht; and that, in all future publications of that portion of
the Journal which contains the resolution of 1833 '4, and in all
copies which may hereafter be made of the same for any offi-
cial or legal purpose, the said resolution of 1833-'4 shall be
published and copied as it was originally entered on the said
Journal, without any notice whatever of the superscription
which was erroneously made, in pursuance of the resolution
of the 16th of January, 1837.
The resolution was then ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was ordered
that, when the Senate adjourn, it adjourn till Mon-
day next.
JUDGES OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. TAPPAN gave notice lhat he would, on
Monday next, ask leave to introduce a resolution,
proposing to amend the Constitution of the United
Slates, in relation to the appointment of judges of
the Uniled States courts.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned till Mon-
day next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, December 8,1842.
Mr. TALIAFERRO offered the following reso-
lution, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, Thatthe several memorials, petitions, and reso-
lutions presented to the House of Repiesentatives, during the
present Congress, winch have not been finally acted on; also, all
bills which went from this House to the Senate, and which
were lost there; and such bills as were referred to the several
committees of this House, and not reported on; be again re-
ferred to the committee to which the same were heretofore
referred, as soon as the said committees shall be organized—
a written request to that effect being handed by any member to
the Clerk, whose duly it shall be to enter the same in the
journal, as ii presented in the House,
ABOLITION.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Adams, to
rescind the 21st rule, so as to admit the reception
of abolition petitions, resolutions, &c., on which
the previous question had been moved and sec-
onded, came up a$ the fust business in order.
Mr. JOHN W. JONES moved to lay it on the
table; and called for the yeas and nays on ihe
question; which were ordered, and resulted in yeas
92, nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Barton, fleeson, Bid-
lack, Bowne, Boyd, Charles Brown, Buike, William Butler,
Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Thomas J. Campbell,
Casey, Clifford, Clinton, Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Daniel, Daw-
son, Dean, l>eberry, Eastman, .fhhn C. Edwaidf, Charles A.
Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Oerry, Gilmer, Goggin, William O-
Qoode, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston,
Hubbard, Hunter, Charles J IrtgersoM, Jack, Wm. Cost John-
son, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac D Jones', Keim, John
P.Kennedy, Abraham McClellan, McKay, Malloiy, Marchand,
Matthews, MediU, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Mooie, New-
bard, Owsley, Payne, Pearce, Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Hay-
ner, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Satin-
ders, Shepperd, William Smith, Snyder, Spngg, Steenrod, Sum-
mers, Sweney, Taliaferro, John 8 Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, Triplett, Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Warren,
Washington, Wattereon, Weller, Westbrook, Wi<?e, and Wood
—9?,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay-
crigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Board man,
Borden, Botts, Brewster, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah
Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Childs, Chittenden, John C; Clark,
Stg-lQy N. Clarke, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cushing,
Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, John Edwards, Egbert, Ev-
erett, Fessenden, Fillmore. John G. Floyd, A. Lawrence Foster,
Giddings, Patrick Gh Gooae, Gordon, Granger, Hall, Halsted,
Henry, Howard Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersel), James Irvin,
Wilham W Irwin, James, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell, Robert Mo
Ciellan, McKennan, McKeon, Alfred Marshal), Samson Ma^on,
Mathiot,Mattocks,Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan,"Morris, Mor-
row, Osborne, Parmenter, Patridge, Pendleton, Ramsay, Bert-
jamin Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, Wm.
Russell, James M Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Simonton,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton, Tillinghast,
Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer*
Joseph L White, Thomas W. Williams, Wmthrop, Yorke, and
A. Young—95.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question then recurring, "Shall the main
question be now put?"
Mr. UNDERWOOD renewed the point of order
raised by him yesterday; and contended that, al-
though the effect of the second to the previous
question was to put an end to debate, yet the refu-
sal of the House to order the main question to be
put, authorized debate after the next day. He
understood from the Manual, that ihe decision of
the House refusing to order the main question to
be put, carried the question over to the next day}
but, when that day came, if Ihe main question was
not ordered, the second was imperative. If the
decision of the Chair was correct, the House might
go on, from day to day, refusing to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and refusing to order the main
question to be put; and thus the question would
never be settled. Certainly, a construction of the
rules leading to such consequences could not be
correct. It bad been suggested by some one be-
hind him, that the difficulty could be obviated by
reconsidering the question; and he therefore hoped
that some gentleman who voted with the majority
would move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER reaffirmed his decision, and
pointed out two authorities, which he read to the
House, sustaining his dtcision.
Mr. EVERETT suggested to the gentleman from
Kentucky to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair; slating that, if the gentleman did not ap-
peal, he would appeal himself. [Mr. Undebwood
said that he would take an appeal, in order to try
the sense of the House on the subject.] Neither
of the cases read by the Chair, Mr. E, said, gave
the decision of the Speaker or of the House on the
question now at issue; in both cases, the difficulty
having been got over by the members moving a
reconsideration, inslead of taking an appeal. The
error of the Chair seemed to him to consist in this:
that he look the second lo the previous question for
the order of the House. By the parliamentary
law, the previous question coulJ be seconded by a,
single member; and under the rules of the House,
it required a majority for a second; but in botU
cases it was only a second, and not the order of the
House. He contended, therefore, that when the
question fell, the second fell with it. It was now
too late to move the reconsideration, and the first
question to be put would be on ordering the main
question. If that should be lost, the House would
be just where it was the day before; and so they
might thus go on from day to day, refusing to lay
the resolution on the table, and refusing to order
the main question to be taken. Mr. E. concluded
by appealing from the decision of the Chair.
After some remarks from Mr. BRIGGS, and a
reply by the CHAIR, neither of which were dis-
tinctly understood by ihe reporter,
Mr. BRIGGS was proceeding with his remarks,
when
Mr. TURNEY called him to order, on (he
ground that ihe appeal was not deba'able.
Mr. J. R. INGBRSOLL referred to some au-
thorities sustaining the decision of ihe Chair.
Mr. TURNEY objected lo debate. on the appeal,
and moved to lay it on the lablc; which motion,
was carried without a division.
The question was then taken on ordering the
main question, and decided in the negative—yeas
95, nays 100, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay,
crisg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdeeye, Blair, Boardman,
Borden, Botts, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah Brovrji
