40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Burnell, Calhoun, Casey, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, Cowen. Cranston, Garrett
Davis, Richard I). Davis, John Edwards, Egbert, Everett,
Ferris, Fessenden, Fillnjore, A Lawrence Foster, Giddings,
Patrick G. Goode, Granger, Hall, Halated, Henry, Howard,
Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, James, John P.
Kennedy, Linn, McKennan, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Par.
menter, Patridge, Pendleton, Ramsey{$ Benjamin Randall,
Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Rodney, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Sanford, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stokely,
Stratton, Summers, John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull, Van
Rensselaer, Washington, Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, and Augustus
Young—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Arlington, Atherton, Barton, Beeson. Bid-
lack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Charles Brown, Burke, William
Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C.
Caldwell, Thomas J Campbell, Chapman, GlifTord, Clinton,
Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Cushing, Daniel, Dawson, Dean,
Deberry, Eastman, John 0. Edwards, John G. Floyd, Charles
A. Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, Wil-
liam O. Goode, Gordon, Green, Gustine, Harris, Hastings,
Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack, William Cost Johnson,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Keiin, LzWefield, Lowell,
Abraham McCIellan, Robert McCIellan, McKay, MrKeon,
Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Mathews, Medill, Meri-
wether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Payne, Pearce,
Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Read, Reding, Rencher, Rhett,
Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, William
Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Steenrod, Alexander H. H. Stuart,
Sweney, Taliaferro, Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Ward,
Warren, Wattersoo, Weller, Westbrook, Wise, and Wood—
100.
So the House refused to order the main question
io be now put.
THE ONE-HOUR RULE.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON rose, pursuant to notice
given yesterday, to move that the one-hour rule
adopted at the last session, (which had been incor-
porated in the general rules, and was, therefore, in
force for Ihe present session,) be now rescinded.
Mr. FILLMORE rose to a point of order; and
he inquired from the Speaker whether it was in
order to move that resolution at ihat time. He
contended that resolutions were not then in order.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] had given notice of bis
motion, and it had been received and entered; and
as there was now no other business before the
House, it came up in order.
Mr. FILLMORE contended that the notice given
by the gentleman from Maryland only authorized
the introduction of his resolution when resolutions
were in order; but, at present, petitions were in
order.
The SPEAKER said there were no committees
appointed to which petitions could be referred; and
he decided this resolutiou to be in order.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then said it was not his
intention (o consume the time of the House, but hz
feit desirous to say that it was indispensab'e to wise
legislation tbat a reasonable time should be given
for the discussion of the questions which should
come before this House. It was due to the coen-
try that the Representatives of the people should
have the opportunity to express their opinions
on some of the vast questions that would
arise—the currency, for instance. His objeet, there-
fore, was not to delay, but to expedite the public
business. He was willing that a particular day
should be fixed to terminate debate on any partic-
ular bill,_ or that the House 'should have the con-
trol of ii by the previous question. Gar he con-
tended that no pariy had been benefited by th.-
adoption of tins one-hour rule. They had been
tore during t*o sessions, and, since the adoption
of this rule, no member had had tiaie to ex*>ros<
his views fully on any question. He (Mr. John-
son) had been thereby compelled to he a silent
member of the House—[laughter]—and for one,
he should desire, on one or two subject;, to addrc-s.
the House at a greater length than ihe rule in
question would permit. He wished this great body
tobethe organ of the people; and, as their Represer.l
atives, to discuis public measures, and io carry
ihem out after a full examination; and hence },-
made this motion. But as it was not his intention,
a*- he had before stated, to consume uunecesssr !y
the time of the House, be would now move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and as >h->
Speaker was about to propose ihe question, Shrill
the main question be now pin?
Mr. McKENNAN rose and said,
to be one of the best rules this House ever adopted,
he would move to lay the resolution on the table;
and on this motion he called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the mo-
tion to lay the rescinding resolution on the table
prevailed—yeas 116, nays 70, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Aycrigg,
Babcock, Baker, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, BJair,
Boardman, Borden, Botta, Bnggs, Brockway, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Burne}], William Butler, William O.
Butler, Caihoun} Thomas J. Campbell, Casey, Chap-
man, Chllds, Chittenden, John C. Clark, James Cooper,
Cowen, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, John Edwards,
Fessenden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble, Giddings,
Gilmer, Goggm, Patrick 6. Goode, Granger, Hall, Halated,
Hays, Henry, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, James, Cave Johnson, Keim, John P.Kennedy, Linn,
Abraham McCIellan, McKennan, Marchand, Samson Mason,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meuwether, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Patridge,
Pendleton, PI nmer, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alex-
ander Randal], Randolph, Rayner, Rencher, Rldgway, Rodney,
Rogers. William Russell, James M, Russell, Saltonstall, Shep-
perd, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Stokely,
Stratton, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John
B. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull, Undeiwood, Van Rensselaer,
Warren, Washington, Weller, Westbrook, Joseph L. White.
Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, and Augustus Young
—116.
NaY.S—Messrs. Adams, Arrington, Atherton, Barnard,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Charles Brown, Burke, Green W.
Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Chflbid, Clinton, Maik A.
Cooper, Cross, Cuslung, Daniel, Dawson. I>ein, Eastman,
Egbert, Everett,Ferris, JohnG. Floyd, Chartes A. Floyd, Gerry,
William O. Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Harris, Hastings, Hop-
kins, Hubard, Charles J. Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack,
William Cost Johnson, John W. Jones, Littlefield, Lowell,
Robert McCIellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Alfred Marshall,
Mathews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Payne, Pearce, Pickens,
ltead, Rodmg, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Sanford, Shaw, William
Smith, Spngg, Steenrod, Sweney, Turney, Van Buren, Ward,
Watterson, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, and Wood—70.
Mr. WELLER moved that when this House
adjourns it adjourn to meet again on Monday
next; which was carried, the vote being 91 in the
affirmative and 60 in the negative.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House then
adjourn, which was agreed to; and the House ad-
journed to meet again on Monday next.
The following additional members appeared in
their places to-day:
Messrs, Saunders, G. W. Caldwell, W. O.
Goode, Meriwether, Moore, Maynard, and
Howard.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 12, 1842.
The Senate met at 12 o'clock.
The following Senators, in addition to those
heretofore announced, appeared in their seats to-
day, viz: Messrs. Simmons and Sprague, of Rhode
Island; Messrs. White and Smith, of Indiana;
Mr. Yoong, ofIUinois;Mr Linn, of Missouri; Mr.
Woodbridge, of Michigan; and Mr. Fclton, of
Arkansas.
After ihe reading of the journal of Thursday
last, the President pro Urn. announced to the Sen-
ale the standing committees; but, previous to such
annunciation, he was understood to say that the
Senator from Vireitiin, [Mr. Rivfs ] who v-as
chairman of the Committee on Forsign Relations
ft Ihe last session, bad expressed a wi.-.h to the
President pro tern, to be excused ftcui servirg
on that committee, and gave reasons for such wish,
which were considered ample.
Tho committees sre as follows:
On Foreign Reh'ions.—Messrs. A"ch?r, Berrien,
Buchanan,fallmarge, and Choate.
On Finance.—Messrs. Evans, Graham, Wood-
bury, Berrien, and Crittenden.
On Commerce.—Messrs. Huntington, Wood-
bridge, Km?, Barrow, and Wright.
On JShnvfaciurts—Messrs. Simmons, Atcher.
Miller, Buchanan, and Morehead.
On Agriculture.—Messrs. Linn, Bates, Crafts,
Smith of Connecticut, and Sturgeon.
On Military Jjjf<ihs.~W.essri. Crittenden, Mer-
rick, Benton, Hunlirglon, and Wilcox.
On Ihe Militia —-Messrs. Bairow, Fulion, Sraiih
of Indi.-.na, William*, and MrRoberts.
_ On JVatial Affairs.—Mesyrs. Bayard, Giahair,
William*, Cboaie, and Barrow.
On Public Lands —Messrs. Smith of Indiana,
Tallmadge, Walker, Huntington, and Conrad.
On Private Land Claims.—Messrs. Henderson,
Linn, Tappan, Fulton, and Sprague.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. White, Morehead,
Sevier, Phelps, and Benton.
On Claims.—Messrs, Graham, Wright, Wood-
bury, Woodbridge, and Phelps.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Phelps, Clay-
ton, Smith of Connecticut, Allen, and Williams.
On the Judiciary.—Messrs. Beirien, Clayton,
Davton, Walker, and Kerr.
On the Pest Office and Post Roads.—Messrs. Mer-
rick, S.mmor.s, McRoberts, Conrud, and Miller.
On Roads and Canals,—Messrs. Porter, White,
Young, King, and Cuthbert.
On. Pensions—Messrs. Bates, Bagby, Allen,
Phelps, and Sevier.
On the District of Columbia —Messrs. Miller,
Baiard, KiRg, Kerr, and Young.
On Patents and the Patent Office —Messrs. Kerr,
Porter, Henderson, Wilcox, and Sturgeon.
On. the Public Buildings.—Messrs. Da} ton, Ful-
ton, and Evans.
On the Library.—Messrs. Woodbridge, Tappan,
and Choate.
On. Engrossed Bills.—Messrs. Conrad, Bagby, and
Sturgeon.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Sprague and Wil-
liams.
To Adit and Control the Contingent Expenses —
Messrs. Tappan, White, and Porter.
On Retrenchment.—Messrs. Morehead, Graham,
Miller, Fulton, and Sprague.
On Printing—Messrs. Clayton, Williams, and
Sprague.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial, nu-
merously signed, from manufacturers of furred
hats, in the city cf Philadelphia, representing that,
previous to the passage of the last tariff, hat-
ters' fars -were introduced free of duly; but by that
tariff, the same rate of duly (25 per cent.) was
imposed on unfinished bats and unmanufactured
furs as was imposed on hats finished; which oper-
ated as no incidental protection to them at all.
They state that if the 35 per cent, duty be retain-
ed on furs, it will throw thousands of hatters in this
country out of employment, and ruin the business;
and, therefsre, pray that unmanufactured furs may
be admitted free of duty: referred to the Commit-
tee on Manufactures.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the memorial of
William duackenboss and others, the sureties of
Samuel Svartwout, which he presented on Thurs-
day last, was, in addition to other documents on
the same subject, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. W. also presented ihe petition of the widow
of Joseph Conckey, a soldier in Ihe Revolutionary
war, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of Taylor,
Morrell, & Co., of New York city, praying that &
law might be parsed changing the name of the
ship Westchester: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. W. a'sr, prepensed a memorial of a large
number of citizen? of Sfeneca county, New York,
prEytng that C<.-niw would repeal the bankrupt
hi'*': referred to the Jt?dici>try Committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial
fr«rn the widow of Joseph Nour.-e, deceased, pray-
ing trie payment cf a rurr. cf money to ber, which
was decreed io her deceased h'tsb.tnd by the Su-
preme Court, in a suit :-gahst the United States;
which, wish rthrr documents on the files, was re'
(erred to the Judiciary Committee,
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the prccerdings of
a meeting rf citizens of Philadelphia, ot which
&Sr. Jonn frl, £?cott was chairman, accompanied by
a memorial u^ing stroasly upon Congress the pro-
priety of their deciding onon the claims for French
spoliations prior to 1800:' reft:red to the Commit-
tee on Fi'reisn Relaiion*.
Mr. MILLER prpsen'pd the memorial of Con-
stant R. Kii g ;,r.d Julia FTe?d ey, children of Jo-
seph JCtnc, deceased, If fe a payroasfei and clothier
in trie Revolutionary army, praying to be allowed
bounty land on ?ccoir.)t of the services of their de-
ceased father: referred to ti.e Committse on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Also presumed a sr.eiT'one.l from ihe tepresenta-
tives of gamuel Nicholson, deceased, late a cap'
