44
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress, and was in reply to ihe remarks of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] in
relation to the appointment of committtes, The
ground taken was, that the Executive should have
proper committees to report upon its recommen-
dations. [He here read the passage alluded to.]
It had thus seemed to the distinguished member
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] that there were certain
committees which came more in contact with the
Executi ve than other:-; and these committees should
be constituted of a majority of its friends. It was
not for him to inquire how far the present incum-
bent of the chair had conformed to this idea of Mr.
Bell, of appointing committees with a view to their
co-operation with the Executive He had only de-
signed to cite this authority, and *e!er to the former
practice of the House. With these views, he
should vo'e against the proposition to refer to ihe
Committee of Ways and Means, and in favor of
that to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. EVERETT rose, and withdrew his motion
to refer to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to report the exchequer bill pre-
pared by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL here called for a di-
vision of the question of striking out the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, as proposed by Mr. Fill-
more, and inserting th  Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, as proposed by Mr.
Cotjshino; so as to take the vote first on striking
out, and then upon inserting.
The SPEAKER, however, subsequently decided
that, according to the 48th rale of the House, a mo-
tion to strike out and insert was indivisible.
Mr. TiLLINQHAST ssid he would make an
explanation as to the vote he s'nou'd sive on the
present occasion, which, he had no doubt, would
apply to others as well as himself. It was true,
that it was parliamentary to refer executive propo-
sitions to iheir frirnds; but this role did not here
apply. Tne reason of the rule was to prevent ihe
suppression of important measures, by referring
them to inimical committee*. In the present case,
the measure had already been referred to a com-
mittee of its friends, arid a bill reported. He could
not say how he should vote upon lh° measure—
whether for or against it: that would depend upon
the details which it might contain. He thought it
best to submit it to as much examination as possi-
ble, both for and against it.
Mr. CUSHING inquired whether fne gentle-
man contemplated lh.it the Hoire shorn I '."tut un-
til Ihe Committee of Ways ,;nd Means had niiule
a repoit be/ore it proceeded to take action np in the
subjects recommended tn tuo iressa^e of ihe Provi-
dent.
Mr. TILLING HAST :<3!J, No. The House
might go on and discus.* the rr.essnu; but might be
relieved by the report, which would come m du-
ring the discussion. I' was a maiter of v:ist im-
portance io the country, o^d he sa.7 no obj c ion
to having it examined by men both in favor of,
and opposed to, its adoption.
The question was then tahen on Mr. Bushing's
molion to strike out "ihe Committee of Ways ai.d
Means," and insert ''the Committee of the Whole
on the state of tlie Union," as ibc commit!.:e whose
duty it shoald be to consider the portion of tl'e
message relating to a r"-oigan'zin;n of the Treas-
ury Department, and the establishment of an ex-
chequer system. Tii" Uocs* let'ustd t> s'.ri^e out i
and inserl—yeas 100, najs 305, ss follow.-: I
VEaS—Messrs. Arriiigton, Athertnn, Barton. Becisun, Black,
Bovvne, Brewster. Ohaiios liiown, B:iiire, Wiilum Blithe, Wil-
liam O Butler, Green W. Caldwell. P.rru !c ('. (.aldvvell, .Tolni
Campbell, Cary, Chapman ( liilotri CUnton. Mfitl: A Coop^i,
Gushing, Daniel. Richard D Davi^Dawon, IXvn, f)onn, Doisr,
jBistman, John C. Edwards, Libert. 1'errN, J ihn G Floyd, <\
A. Floyd, Fomanrc, G^rry, Gilmer, (Joscm, P-in u k G O «>de,
William O. Goode, Gordon. Gu^ine, Ti.jrne, Ha^tiriirs Ilaj«.
Hopkins, Uonck. Houston. Ilubaul, flmko.i, Hunter, Oltailc*
J. IngersolJ, W. W. Inviii, Jack, \\ . C. J Vinson, C ,T )hn«i>n,
John W. .Jone*, Keim, Andrew K<nne<lv, Tnith'deld, Lowell.
Abraham McClellan, Kohfrt MrCielian, M Kay, McKeon, M<d- |
lory,Marchand, Alfred ft«arsh'dl, .Madvnvs, Mrrhell, Mori;--,
Newhard, Parmenfor, P.undfrc, Payne, Pickens, Piiimer, Pope.
Read, Rencher, Roynoltk R<h;p>s, R >o--evelt, Hanlord,
Saunders, Shaw, William Smith, tf.ivder. Sf^enrod,
Sumter. Swency, J icub Thompson, Vm Ruren. Ward, Was-
itTson, Wessthronk, Chri^fophpr H Wilham-9, Wi?p, and WooJ
—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adanw, Allen, Landali W, Andrew-), Shfir
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Avenge, Bibcock, Beker, Bjrnaul,
Eirdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Boits, Boyd, Brigge,
Brockway, Bionson, Milton Brown, Jersmiah Brown, Burneil,
Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell,
Caruthers, Casey, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James
Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, John
Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A. Lawrencc Fog.
ter, Gamble, Gates, Gidding3, Granger, Hall, Halsted, Henry,
Howard, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, James,
Isaac D. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Lane, Linn, McKennan,
Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Osborne,
Owsley, Pearce, Pen?iIeion> Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Ran-
dall, Rayner, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, James M.
Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly,
Sfokely, Stratton, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Summers, John B.
Thompson, Richard W.Thompson, TilHnghast, Tomlmson,
Triplett, Trumbull, Turney, TJnderwood, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
lace, Warren, Washington, Joseph L. White, Joseph L. Wil.
hams, Wmthrop, Yoike, Augustus Young, and John Young
—105.
The remaining resolutions of reference (except
the last) were adopted nem. con.
Mr, W. W. IRWIN moved to refer so much of
the message as relates to the remission of General
Jackson's fine, to a select committee, instead of the
Committee on the Judiciary, as proposed by Mr.
Fjllmcre's resolution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON proposed an amend-
ment, instructing the committee to report a^bill.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested that a bill
had already been reported at the last session, and
now remained oil the calendar.
Mr. IRWIN modified his motion so as to pro-
pose ihe reference of the subject to the Committee
of the Whole House, which now had charge of the
bill reported for the remission of the fine.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he should like to
have the motion amended. He moved that the
committee be instructed to act without delay.
(L^uehtfr.]
The question recurring on the motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nayp; which were taken, and resulted—yeas 97,
nays 103, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Airmston, Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Milton Brown, Charles Blown, Buike,
William O. BnUer, Green W Caldwell, Patn k C. Caldwell,
John Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Casey, Chapman, Oil-
lord, Clinton, Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Custung, Daniel, R. D.
Davis, J)oan, Doan, Doig, E.istman, John C. Edwards, Egbert,
Ferris, John G. Flovd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Geiry,
Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gus-
tine, TTairifl, Hastings, Hays, Holme", Hopkins Ilouck, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, William W Irwin,
William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones. Kemi,
Andrew Kennedy, Uttlefield, Lowell, Abraham McCleiian,
McKay, McICeon, Mai lory. March ind, Alfred Marshall, Medill,
Moore, Newhaul, Parmenter, Patndge, Payne, Pickens, Piu-
mer, Ramsey, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Riie't,
Pog^, Rogers, Roo.'tvt'lt, t^anioid, Saunders, £?haw, Willi,im
Smith, Snyder, Spngsr, Steen^od, Sumter, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Ward, Watteison, WeUer, VVestbroo!\, Wise, and
Wood—07.
NAYS—Mc«! r* Ad^m«!, LandafT W Andrews, Sheilock J
Andrews, Ai nuk', Ayn irg, Bahcock, Baker, Barnard^ Barton,
Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Brisks, B.ockwjy,
Bronn >n, Jeremiah Brown, Burncll, William Butler, Calhoun,
Chittenden, John C. Clark, S;a!ey N. Clarke, James Cooper,
<?owen, Ciansion, Cravens. (Janett Davis, Defceny, Eveiett,
Fessenden, FiUniure, A. Lawn-rice Foster, Gamble, Gates,
Gir'dinac, Gog^m, Gran?pr, Hall, Hnhted, Hemy, IToward,
HinKion, Hunt, James Irvin. Junes. Isaac D Jones, John P.
Kennedy, Lane, Linn, McKennan, Thomas F. Marshall, f?am-
non Mac-on, Mathiot.Ma tocka, Mavwell, Miynnrd, Meuwether,
Mitchell, Morgan, Morn--, Morrow, Obbome, Owsley, Pearce,
Pendleton, Pope,Pov/ell, Boniamm Randall, Raynir, Ridgway,
Rodney, Win. llussell. J M Russell, Saltonstall, Sheppeid,
Slide, Truman Smith, Stanly, Srokely, Stiatton, Al -yander H.
XI. Siuait, John T Stuart, Summers, Taiiafeno, J. B. Thomp-
son, Ricbaid W. Thompson, Tsllm^hasf, Toland, Tomlinson,
Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Waircn, Washington, Joseph li White, Chnstopher H Wil-
liam«. .Tos'^nh L Widiams, Wintlirop, Yoike, Augustus Youn<",
aud Juhn Young—103.
So th'^ Hoir-e refuied to refer to the Committee
of th° Whole; and Mr. Fillmore's la>i recolution,
reforms the subject to th? Committee on the Judi-
ciary, was adopted.
Mr. R&AD ask^d leme to offer a series of reso-
lutions, but withdrew them upon ohjectijn being
mado to iheir consideration.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN clfored the following reio-
luiion:
Rfisclral^ That so much of the Pre k>nl's rpcpssgp re-
lates t.) die continuaticc of the improv.'mcnt4! of the nav>gaMon
ot our Wesiern waters and the lake harbors, so far as rehtes to
unfinished woita. be refeirrd to 'he Committee of "Ways and
Men.is and >o fat as (he same may relate to new woiks on the
Western wtp.in, 'o rhe Committer on Roa Is and Canals; and to
new improvements m lake end other harbors, to thy Committee
on Commerce.
M". R. W. THOMPSON rroved (o strike out
"Roads and Canals," and in^n "a s;kct com-
mittee."
Mr. SP8IGG offered an amendment, (the pur-
port of which could not be definitely gathered,) and
briefly explained its object.
Mr. PICKENS observed that the amendment
of the gentleman fiom Kentucky was too compli-
cated to be appended to the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Irwin.] He would
therefore suggest that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky should withdraw it, or move lhat it be laid
upon the table until it coi>!d be printed. It seemed,
however, to him, (Mr. P.,) that if the gentleman
wished to get the information, he had belter direct
his amendment as a resolution to the heads of de-
partments, from whom the information could be
obtained more expeditiously.
Mr. "WISE said the amendment ernbraeed a
subject foreign to the original proposition, and
therefore was not in order.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN made some observations
on the propriety of referring this whole subject to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON regretted to see a
proposition so interesting to bis Siste embarrassed
and encumbered vrith such an amendment; and he
predicted that the session would pass away before
its object could be accomplished, if the design of
its mover should prevail. There was much in ths
amendment about which he should like to hear all
that could be said; but to append it to the motion
before the House, would only create embarrass-
ment. He, therefore, hoped the gentleman would
withdraw his proposition. He (Mr. T.) then
moved the reference of the subjects embraced in
the original motion to a select committee, to be
composed of gentlemen from the several portions
of the Union immediately interested in it, that
there might bs obtained an expression of opinion
from Western and Southwestern gentlemen.
Mr. FILLMORE explained, snd justified the
reference to the three enumerated standing com-
mittees.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN accordingly agreed so to
modify bis resolution.
Mr. SPR1GG explained. '
Mr. HOLMES said, whatever diversity of
opinion there might exist in that House as te the
ptopriety or impropriety of improving the several
points of the country by Federal money, there
could be no difference of opinion on this point—
that it was better to preserve the country before
they improved it. From the Piesidem's message,
they learned thr.t there was a deficiency of ten mil-
lions of dollars in the treasury; ar.d, therefore, it
should first occupy their attention how they were
to provide, aid whether they could provide enough
to cirry on their great system. But, with this de-
ficit in the treasury before them, gentlemen were
starting their pr, jects nf improvements in the har-
bors nnd the Western waters, without once consider-
ing whether they could exist as a Union—not for
want of sentiment to rally around Ihe Union, butfor
want of aliment to sustain it. Considering the
present position of the treasury, and the deficiency
of ways and means, he moved to lay the resolu-
tion and all the amendments on the table.
The yeas and najs were called for, but not or-
dered; and the motion to lay on the table was
negatived.
The motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Thtmpson] to refer the snbj. ct to a select
committee was also negatived.
Mr, SPRIGG withdrew his amendment; and,
aftpr a fev words from Mr. R W. THOMPSON,
Mr. PICKENS, and Mr. McKENNAN,
Mr. Irwin's resolution was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
In addition to the members slresdy announced
s; present, he following appeared in their places
to-daj:
Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, E J. Black,
George B. Cart, (erroneously stated to have been
present on the first day of the session,) Cardthers,
John Campbeli., W. B Campbell, I D. Jones,
I ane, T. F. Marshall, J< hm Popf., J. T. Stuart,
David Wallace, Johs Young, Philip Triflett,
and A. C. Dodge, delegate,
