CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4t
Lewis K. Faulkner and others, -versus the Whig party,
of havjng submitted a proposition to the President of the
United States, at the extra session of Congress, to postpone
the consideration of a great national measure, intimately con-
nected with the best interests of the country, on condition of a
pledge from him that he would not disturb the then members of
his cabinet in office.
Mr. WISE. I rise to this written point of or-
_ der, which I send lo ihe Chair,
Mr. BOTTS. You had betier lake the thing
slowly and deliberately.
The SPEAKER stated that this subject was pro-
posed as a question of privilege. Now, there was
a great difference between a question of privilege
and a privileged question; and it was the duty of
the Chair to decide all such questions.
A question of privilege was one which involved
the character and the rights of members of the
House; and the Chair would inform the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] that his question of
order did not reach the point. It was for the
House to 'determine whether it should be enter-
tained; and if no gentleman made a motion for
that purpose, it was the duty of the Speaker to test
the sense of the House. He should therefore pro-
pound the question, "Shall the resolution be consid-
ered?" Because, for the Chair to dccide in such
a case, would be a usurpation on it.i part.
What the Chair might deem a breach of privilege,
the House might not deem so, and vice versa; and
therefore he should propound the question which
he had stated; to do which, he had the authority of
the 5th rule, which said:
i.«r^hen motion or proposition is made, the question,
'Witt the House now consider iLl" shall not be put unlets it
is demanded by some member, or is deemed nei cssai y bu the
Speaker." J
Mr. WISE said he had made two poin's of or-
der, and he asked the Cl*rk to read both.
Mr. C4VE JOHNSON. Mr. Clerk, read both
the original resoluuon and the points of order.
The Clerk then read Mr. Bctis's resolution, as
given above, and also Mr. Wise's points of order,
as follows:
"Mr. Wise submits that it is not in order to
entertain the proposition of Mr. Botts, without a
Vote of two-thirds of the House, unless it be a
privileged question; and he submits that the para-
graphs read by Mr. Botts from a letter purporting
to be written by John C. Spencer, Secretary of
War, do not involve any question of the privileges
of this House."
Mr. WISE. I desire lo say a word on that
point c f order.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House entf rtain the propt siiiou?
Mr. WISE. There is a rule of the House, if
the Speaker will permit me to remark, that requires
that no proposition 
Mr. BOTTS a?ain called Mr. W. to order, and
insisted that he had no right to raise a point of
order.
The SPEAKER replied, that the gentleman
from Virginia on his right had risen to a point of
order, and he was waiting to hear it stated.
. Mr. WISE. I am about stating my point of
order; and am sure that, when the Speaker under-
stands it, there will be no difficulty between us.
Mr. BOTTS again rose and claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said that he had beard the gen-
tleman from Virginia on his left, [Mr. Botts,] and,
in courtesy, wished to hear the point of order of
his colleague. He considered both gentlemen out
of order, though he was willing very calmly to
hear both of them—one at a time.
Mr. WISE proceeded to explain his point of or-
der. The resolution of his colleague was nothing
but new ma ter before the House, which was ex-
cluded by other business, having precedence over
it, and which, if noobjec'ion had been made, could
have been entertained by general consent. But,
objection was made; and, therefore, it required a
vote of two-thirds to entertain it. On ihiit rule,
Mr. W. said, he relied. His colleague must move
to suspend tbe rules, and get a vote of two thirds,
unless he could show that it is a privileged ques-
tion. Then, did it appear, on the face of the prop-
osition, that it 'was a privileged question'? No.
It was simply a proposition lo raise a committee
of inquiry. Suppose he were to offer a resolu-
tion to raise a committee to inquire into the af-
fairs cl the Pott Office, the War or the Navy De-
partment: Would he not require ih°. consent of
every member around him1? and if there was a sin-
gle objection, must he not move for, and obtain, a
suspension of the rules, before he could get in his
resolution? If, however, he should rise in his
place, and state that it was a privileged question,
and the Speaker sheuld decide it to be such, then
, it would have precedence over all other business.
Now, he submitted that this was a resolution of
mere ordinary inquiry, 8ii<l, being objected to, re
quired a suspension of the rules before itcould bere-
ceivofi. If his colleague made it a question of privi-
lege, the Speaker was bound to decide whether it was
such or not; and the only mode of getting the sense
of the House on that point was, by appealing from
his decision. This distinction tf the Speaker, be-
tween a question of privilege and a privileged
quesiii-n, was a distinction without a difference. It
was like the difference between "Jemmy, come
oui," and "Come out, Jemmy." In regard to the
paragraph of which his colleague complained, he
v/ouid say to him that there was not that saticti'y
thrown around the mejesty of tlisl Hou^e, lhat the
Secretary of War could not say all dial was said
in that letter—and more too—withoutbeingguihy of
conti-mpt of the House. If official legislative cor-
ruption had been charged by tbe Secretary, then
the resolution was a privileged question, and would
have precedence over all other business until
every stain was wined out. But the resolution
stated that the letter of the Secretary merely
charged a party in the House of Representatives.
And when did a party ever get the privileges of
the Hou-e1? This was the fim time lhat it ever
was made a privileged question—that a party was
arraigned. Mr. W. said, he submitted to the
Speaker, as ihe officer ot ord< r of the House,
whether it could, by any construetfcn, be consider-
ed a piivileged question,that the Secretary of War,
or anybody el e, hid impugned a party in this
country. If his colleague would undertake to say
tb.it the Secretary rf War had charged the House
wnh malfeasance in legislation, he would a?ree
that it was a question of privilege. He asked tire
Cleik to read tha re-o!uiion.
[The resolution was accordingly read, when Mr.
W. continued.]
His points of order were these: First, that the
hush-ess ol Congiess, the business of the country,
and ibe business ot ihe people, important and vi-
tal, had pr. cedonce over the business of Ihe Whig
parly. That was Irs ft-si point; and before the
Whig pany could get in a re oluiion to inquire
about the slanders or truths contained in the Secre-
tary's letter, tbey must have a vole of t./o-lhirds.
His second point was, that his colleague could not
toriuie that paragraph—in which ail accusation
was made against the Whig party, not against
Congress—into a question of privilege. His col-
league could not make out of this a question of
privilege, eo as to pive it a priority over the bust-
m s- of the people. He was not forced (Mr. W.
said) to ask the House whether it would entertain
this proposition or not. The Speaker himself must
decide it, or mnst oblige his colleague to make a
motion lo suspend the rules.
Mr. EOTT3 ob'eived that be was not disposed
to ialeriupt hi* colleague while he was staling his
points of oieler; but he wo Jd nt>w say that this was
the first time since he bad been a member of the
House that he hid ever known a gentleman to get
up and discuss a decision of the Chair without ta-
king an appeal. His colleague commenced wrh
ihe declaration, thai they were not  uch magnatrs
of the land as to b: authoriz-d to mquiic into
scandulam magnatum, coming fiom pny quar'ir.
Now, he dul not know how high his colleague raUd
his privileges as a member of the House, but he
(Mr. B.) was disposed to give bim higher claims—
claims which he made for himself and lew every
member of the Houte. He (Mr. R ) was th<<t
magnate of the land that claimed the privilege of
inquiring into tcav.dalum mignafutn, when n-ai<e
against the membets of the House, ilis colleague
objected lo tbe resolution, because it stated that a
paity, only, was arraigned m the Secretary's letter;
but had not his colleague ascertained what paity
constituted the majority in that House? Was not
an accu.-alion against the Whig party, an accusa-
tion agmst the majority of the House—that party
constituting the majoritj? [General laughter.]
His colleague s,aid lhat a tharge of corruption
again.'t a single member of the House would be a
question of privilege; but a charge made by a dis-
tinguished officer of one branch of the Government,
of corruption against a majority of another branch
of the Government—there, forsooth, was scanda-
turn magnalum-, but, not being directed against a
single individual, was not a proper subject of in-
quiry. He had understood that in ihe case of the
lamented Mr. Cilley-—whose name he never heard
without regret—a communication having appeared
in the Courier and Enquirer, of New York, char-
ging corruption against a single member, his col-
league offered a resolution raising a select commit-
tee to inquire inio the subject.
Mr. WISE begged leave to correct his colleague.
The case his colleague alluded 10 had nothing to do
wiih that of Mr. Cilley. A resolution of lrqniry
was offered, as sta:ed;but it having been asceuain-
ed that the accusation was made against a mem-
ber of the Senate, [Mr. Ruggles,] a committee of
inquiry was raised m lhat body, the subject fully
inqu'red into, and the member honorably acquitted.
Mr. BOI'XS. This was a case of a single para-
graph in one of the newspapers ef the day.
Mr WISE No, sir. It was a charge made by
a letier-writer, who was well known in the House,
and throughout the, country, [Matthew L. Davis,]
in which be alleged that it could be proved that a
member of Con^res; had taken a money bribe
from a patentee of mail-bag locks, for some ser-
vice tendered him. It was not a party charge,and
had nothing to do with the ease of Mr. Cilley. As
yoon as he (Mr. W.) saw lh.it paragraph—not, a
common newspaper item, but contained in one of
the letters of the Spy in (Washington, who was
well known as a responsible individual—he rose
and offered a resolution, setting f^rth that a charge
had been made against a member e>f Congress, and
proposing that a committee should be raised to in-
quite into it. He would further say, in order to
put his colleague in possession of all the facts, lhat
the individual himself [Matthew L. Davis] told
him (Mr. V/.) that he could pwve the charge he had
made.
Mr. BOTTS understood, then, that it v/as not a
newspaper paragraph, but a letter written by a re-
spectable and responsible individual, and it was
therefoie entitled to reipectful consideration; but,
ia this case, the letter was written by ihe Secretary
of War, a member of Mr. Tyler's cabinet, and
therefore was not entitled to respect.
Mr. WISE was sure that his colleague would
not, in candor, say that such was his understanding
of his remarks.
Mr. BOTTS would not say that his colleague
meant to convey such an impression; but he must,
in candor, say that such was a fair deduction from
what he said.
Mr. WISE a^k'-d his colleague, in courtesy, to
allow him to explain himself so as to be under-
stood. His colleague had stated that his (Mr.
W V) proceeding was founded on a newspaper
paragiaph. This he denied, and explained that
it was founded on an accusation n ade by a known
and responsible individual against a member of
Congress. From nothing that he had said, could
a fair deduction be made lhat the Secretary of
¥/ar was not a respectable an J responsib'e charac-
ter. The dist nctim which bis colleague and
everybody else mua have understood him fb
draw between the letter of the Secretary ef War
stml tbe aocu ation of Matthew L. Davis, was this:
Tile Secretary in his letter did not accuse anybody
of crime, but it wai a mere political accusation of
corruption asains: one of the parties of the day;
while the charge of Mr. Davis was of crime against
a particular individual. Mr. W. said he had
himself made accusations of corruption against a
parly, and had heard the same accusations made
against the party wiih which he acted; but he
never dresmed of sueh accusations being made
the subject of inquiry in the House.
Mr. BOTTS again rose and remarked, that, as
one good turn deserved another, he would appeal
