48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the courtesy of bis colleague not to inierrupt
him.
Mr. WISE. I shall not interrupt my colleague,
unless he egregiously misrepresents or misquotes
me.
Mr. BOTTS. I hope my colleague does Rot
intend lo charge me with a design to misrepreseat
him.
Mr. WISE observed, that he could not enter
into what were the designs of his colleague; but
he could say that his colleague could not more
effectually misrepresent him than by proceeding as
he had.
Mr. BOTTS resumed. His colleague had con-
tended that, in the former instance, when he [Mr.
Wise] moved the resolution of inquiry, the charge
against a member of Congress was preferred by a
responsible individual, [Matthew L. Davis,] known
as the "Spy in W'kthmg'.on." Now, if a charge
adduced by such a man—a respectable letler-writer
—was competent to cause Congress to order a
committee of investigation, the case was much
stronger, and the reason for a committee of inves-
tigation greater, when a grave charge was made
by the Secretary of War. If it was true tbat the
Whig party was willing to postpone the considera-
tion of great national questions, only to secure
certain individuals ia office, they would indeed
be subjected to a grievous charge. He (Mr B.)
would not accuse the Secretary of War of fabri-
cating the charge; yet he had endorsed it, and it
was but right that the names of those who had
made the charge, or given information to the Sec-
tary, should be surrendered. Was there a Whig
here, who knew any foundation for such an accu-
sation? If there was, he demanded that such
should stand up and speak. He pronounced it a
foul and atrocious calumny on the Whig party,
put forth on the eve of an election, and calculated
to operate to the prejudice of thai party. He (Mr.
B.) did not claim to be a leader of the Whig party;
yet he was on terms of intimacy, and closely con-
nected in his personal and political relations
with—
Here Mr. CUSHING called to order, and sug-
gested that the re-narks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Botts] did not relate to the question of
order pending betTre the House, bi.t treated of
things which would have to be Cun.-idered after
the House shall have ordered the inquiry asked
for by the gentleman.
Mr. BOTTS said that the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts hod not raised any r.bjeclion to the re-
marks of his colleague [Mr. Wine] as being out of
order.
The CHAIR said that he h.vl indulged both of
the gentlemen from Virginia out of order.
Mr. WISE. I nsk the Speaker never to indulge
me out of order. I was aot conscious of being
out-of order. I ask for no ir.dulgences. I never
get any.
After a brief, but inaudible explanation from
the SPEAK SR—
Mr. BOTTS resumed. He was going on to
say, when in'errupted, that, though not a leader of
the Whig party, jetsucU were hi', int'm\te per-on-
al and political aSiOciaiJnnv with V\n member* o*'
tbat party, that he did n u be! eve it could have
been possible for such a proposition as that charged
by the Secretary of War to have been m-:de to th,j
President, wiiboitt li;-> haying henrd 111it'h!■ ■" of
it. The 1-tt-r oI tb* SfceUry it Wat was inr-re
adroitly written, more ingenious, ardbct er calcula-
ted to produce an impression agatn-t the Whig
party, than anything he had c.er seen. He main-
tained that the House should inquire ttvo the tru'h
o£ the charge which it made. If true, let the Sec-
retary of War s-and exonerated; 1st those who in-
formed him stand exonerated, and the burden of
the accusation be thrown upon such memb rn of
the Hou^e as might have furnished the informa-
tion. If, however, ths charge was false if the
Secretary had no authority for making it, lot the
falsehood be branded on the forehead of tiVfabi^
cator. This would be the consequence: it was for
this purpose that he desired investigation. Woul.i
the members of the late cabinet have consented io
retain their places upon such terms as those staled
by the Secretary of Wai? He (Mr. B.) knew of
but one who would have consented to such condi-
tions, and the Whig party dtd n-1 hold themselves
responsible for him. They had no sympathy for
him in the course he was pursuing.
Here some conversation ensued between the
SPEAKER, Mr. WISE, and Mr. BOTTS. The
latter had resumed his remarks, and was discussing
the objects of the Whig party at the extra session,
when he was called to order for irrelevancy. He
then concluded by submitting his resolution to the
consideration of the House.
The SPEAKER, after remarking upon the sud-
den manner in which this point of order had sprung
up for decision, and repeating his averment that
there was a difference between "a question of privi-
lege" and "a privileged question," remarked that
he could find no instance on record where the
Chair had entertained of himself, and settled, what
was a question of privilege; on the contrary, he
found numerous instances where the Hou.-e had
settled it. The question must come up, "Shall the
resolution be received as a question of privilege?"
If no member called for the question, it would be
the duty of the Chair to submit it.
Mr. WISE inquired whether it would require a
majority, or two-thirds, to receive the resolution hs
a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER answered, A majority.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON moved to lay the
whole subject on the table; but withdrew his mo-
tion at the request of
Mr. GRANGER, who expressed a desire to
speak.
Amid many cries of "hear him," much confu-
sion, and an objection on (he part of Mr. Bowne,
Tne SPEAKER decided that the gentleman
could only proceed by general consent.
Mr. WISE inquired whether an opportunity
would be afforded hirn of replying to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Granger.] [Cries cf Yes J
Mr. BOWNE then withdrew his objection; after
which,
The SPEAKER ?aid the gentleman from Ne-v
York [Mr. Granobr] might proceed by universal
consent.
Mr. WISE wished it to be understood that he
united in ibis universal consent r-nly on condition
that an opportunity should be afforded him to re-
ply. Without this, he should positively object to
the gentleman's proceeding.
Mr. GRANGER Ccnsideiing the peculiar re-
lation of the gentleman [Mr. Wise] to the Presi-
dmt, I take my seat under objec'ion from that
quarter.
Mr. WISE made some remarks not heard above
the noise prevailing, but understood to be 2n expres-
sion of hiv willingness that the gentleman from
New York should proceed, provided his remarks
did riot call for a reply.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN rose and objected; at which
stage of the proceedings,
Mr. EES3ENDEN moved lo lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
This motion was rejected-—yeas 86, nays 99, as
foll-ws:
YEAS—Messrs. Sherlock J. Andrews, Arrinston, Atlierton,
Heeson, Black, Boyd, Brewster, Bi iggs, Aaron V" Brown, Chas
Brown, Buiko, William Butler, Gie™ W. Caldwell, Jolni
Hopkins, Houck, Houston. Hubard, Huntel, William \v I.-!
win, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, I I) Jones,
Keim, Lutlefield, Lowell, Abiaham McClellan, McKay, Mil-
loiy, Marchanil. Alfred Marshall Samson Mason, Mathews
Maxwell, Medill, Meriwether, Milter, Mitchell, Moore, Morns'
Newhard, Paimenter, Partridge, Pickens, Plumer, Ilead, Rey-
nolds, Biggs, Rogeis, S.iundeis. Shaw, Wittiam Smith, Snyder,
Steeurod, Stokely, Stiatton, Sumter, Jacob Thompson, War-
len, Wa'terson, Westbrook, ChrtstonherH. Williams,and Win-
throp—5.6.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, LandatT W. Andrews, Arnold, ti-ib-
cock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Bidlack, Eirdseye, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Botts, Bowne, Jeremiah Btown, Burnell, Patrick
C. Caldwell, Thomas J. Campbell, Cambers, Chittenden, John
C. Clark, Staley IS. Clarke, James Cooper, Cranston, Cravens,
Cnihina, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davn, Deberry, John R>1-
"Wards Kstieit, Everett, Fillmore, A. Lawience Fo.ster, C  m-
Up, Rates, Guggm. Willnm O Gootle, (Jordan, Hakted, liar,
l'ls, Hemy, Holmes, Howard, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph I!
Ingersoll, James (ran, Jamey, John P. Kennedy, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Lane, l.iii.t, Robert McCtcltan, McKennan, Thomas F.
Marshall, Mathior, Mattocks, Maynard, Morgan, Morrow, Os.
borne, Owsley, Payne, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey, Reding,
Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, William Russell, James M. Ruts'
sell.Sanford, Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Strat-
ton, Alexander II. H. Stuart, Summers, Taliaft-rro, John B.
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
iace, Ward, Washington, Weller, Joseph L. White, Joseph L.
Williams, Wise, Wood, Augustus Young, and John Young
—99.
Mr. BOTTS now submitted a modification of
his proposition, by striking out the words "the Whig
party" in the original resolution, and inserting "the
members of Congress." [Laughter.]
Mr. WISE remarked that his colleague's resolu-
tion purported to be partly an extract from the let-
ter of Mr. Spencer, in which the words "the Whig
party" were used, and not "the members of Con-
gress." He therefoie celled for the reading of the
portion of the letter referred to, and also the reso-
lution offered by his colleague.
They were read accordingly.
Mr. PICKENS desired to know if the Speaker
presented the question of reception as involving a
privileged question? For if the Chair put it to the
House to decide whether the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] involved a priv-
ileged question, it then became a grave question of
the deepest interest, in which the rights and honor
of the House were concerned, and a decision
should be noade tbat could stand the test of time.
He agreed with the Chair, that it was for the
House, and not for the Speaker, to decide as to its
privileges. He (Mr. P.) did not wish to interfere
ia this controversy at all; but whether it involved
the privileges of the House or not, was a question
above all party interests.
The SPEAKER gave an affirmative answer.
Mr. BIDLACK made a few remarks, not dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr. WISE asked to be excused from voting.
He was placed in a dilemma, by the form in which
the question would be put to ihe House. Were
the question as to whether the resolution of his
colleague was a question of privilege, put separate-
ly from the question of reception, he should vote
with pleasure. As it was, if be voted ay, he
should be voting that the resolution was a question
of privilege, which he did not think; yet, he was
anxious to receive the resolution, although not as a
privileged question. With these remarks, he with-
drew his request to be excused from voting.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired what would
be the effect of the reception of this resolution as
a question of privilege? Would it come up for
the immediate consideration of the House?
The SPEAKER said Yes; and that it would
override all other business.
Tne question was then taken, Sball the resolu-
tion be received as a question of privilege? and de-
cided ia the negative—yeas 85, nays 106, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Arnold,
Aycngg, Babcock, Barnard, Biidseye, Blair, Borden, Botts,
J Brown, Win Butler, Wrn B. Campbell, Thos J Campbell
Carutheis, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James
Cooper, Cranston, Cravens, Ganett Davis, Deberry, John Ed-
wards, Everett, Fillmore, A Lawrence Foster, Gamble, Goggln,
Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph
K. ingersoll, James Iivio, James, Isaac 1). Jones, John P. Ken-
nedy, Lane, Linn, McKennan, Thomas F. Marshall, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maynard, Meriwether, Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell
Ramsey, Rayner, ltirtgway, Rodney, William Russell, James
M. Russell, Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stokely,
fetratcon. Alexander FI. H Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John
B. Thompson, Richard W. Tnompson, Tillirighast, Toland.
Tomlinson, Tiiplett, Trumbult, Turney, Van Rensselaer, wal-
lace, Warren, Washington, Joseph L White, Augustus Youna
and John Young—85.
NA\ tf—Messrs. Alien, Sherlock J, Andrews, Arrinsrton, Ath-
erton, Baker, Beeaon, Bidlack, Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster.
r,l,??,l', nrons'X1' 4dron V' Brown,Charles Brown, Burke, Bur'
nel William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Cald-
well, John Campbell, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton,
Mark A. Cooper. Cowen, Cu,hing, Daniel, Richard D. Davis,
Dawson. Dean, Dean, Eastman, Ferris, Fessenden, Charles a!
Floyd, Gates, Geriy, Biddings, Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode, Gor-
don, Gustme, Harris, Hustings, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston,
Hubaid, Hunter, W ilium W. Irwin, .Tank, William Cost John-
I mtefiHd6 CTohns"n> Joh" w- Jjnes, Keim, Andrew Kennedy,
Lutlefield^ Lowell Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan
mI! £.1 M TH'm ?!lory'>Iarchan<3iA'|fre''Marshall, Mathews
Max we 1, Medill, Miher, Mitchell, Morris, Newhard. Parmenter
Patriae, Payne. Pickens, Plumer, Read, Reding, Reynolds'
^ogT' Rpwcvolt, Santord, Sumdeis, Shaw, William
S'v o'1 Steenrod. Knmter, .Taeoh Thompson, Under-
wood, Van Rm-en, Ward, Weller, Westbrook, Clmstopher H.
pig11""'' ""l'1' '' Williams, Wmthrep, Wise, and Wood
Mr. BOTTS thereupon remarked, that the Whig
party in Congress stood purged and acquitted of
the charges brought against them by the honorable
Secretary. He had shown that he did not shrink
