mr
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND E1YES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1842,
Volume 12----No. 4
Continued from No. 3.
from an investigation into their truth or false-
hood.
REPEAL OP THE BANKRUPT LAW.
. Mr. EVERETT asked leave, pursuant to no-
tice, to introduce a bill to repeal the bankrupt
law; and he wished it to be put on iis second read-
ing, and printed. [Objections were made from all
parts of the House.] He would move, then, the
suspension of the ru:es, that it might be received.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend; and they were ordered, and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 137, nays 63, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, LandafF W. Andrews!, Arrington,
Atherton, Barton, Bee&on, Bidlack, Budseye, Boardman, Botts,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Brockway, Bronson, Aaron V Brown,
Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buike. William Butler,
William O. Butlei, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick 0. Caldwell,
Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Car-
ruthers, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Mark A. Cooper,
Cowen, Cravens, Cross, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Eg-
bert, Everett, Ferris, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fur-
nance, A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble, Gerry, Gilmer, Go£:gm,
William O Goode, Gordon, Gusune, Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Ilouck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. Inger-
soli, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Keirn, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClelian, Robert
McClelian, McKay, McKennan, McKeon, Mallovy, Marchnrul,
Alfred Marshall, Thomas F. Marshall, Maihews, Mattocks,
Mediil, MiUer, Mitchell, Morris, Newhard, Pctnnentei, Pa.
tridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Ramsey, Head, Redine, Rwy
nolds, Riggs, Rogets, Stanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd,
Stade,Truman Smith, Willif.m Smith, Snyder, Rollers, ^teen-
rod, Stokely, Alexander II. If. tftnait, summeis, s>umter,
Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Ru hard W Thompson, j.iC"h
Thompson, Tilhnghast, Tnph-tt, Trumbull, Turney, IJn.'ei-
wood, Van Buren, Wallace, Ward, W.uterson, Wcller, West-
brook, Wise, Wood, and Augustus Young—137.
NAYS—-Messis Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews. Arnold, Ay-
rng?, Baker, Barnard, Biair, Borden, Bri™.?, Chitteridrn, John
C. Clark,S. N.CUike, J, Conpei, Ciar^tun, Cushiri?, D.i\veon,
Fe^enden, Fillmore, Gates, Giddings, Grander, HaUted, Henry,
Howard, Hudson, Joseph R. Ih eivoll, James Irvin, James,
William Cost Johnson. Isaac D Jone^Jo'm P. Kennedy, Lane,
Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meuwether, Monro, Moiaan,
Morrow, Pearce,Pendleton, Powell, Renjimin Randall,Ride-
way, Rodney, William Russell, J mips M. Russell, Stanly,
Stratton, Toland, Tomlmson, Van Rensselaer, Warn n, Wash-
ington, Jfoseph L. White, Christopher H. WiHinms, Joseph L
Williams, Wmthrop, l'orke, ami John Voung - 03.
The rules w<re therefore suspended by a ma-
jority of two-third;;.
Mr EVERETT then introduced his bill, wlvrh
was read a first and second time. It wm as fol-
lows:
A llll.T, TO REl'RAT. TIIE BANKRUPT ACT
Be it enacted by the &t atr av<L /fou^e, of /{pprwutatf rca
of the Unite/? A) rt ira in «. •? / mhlrd, Tnat
an act enti led "AnaVt to establish a uniform i-y-nutn of bunk-
rnptcy throughout the United States," approved on (he nine-
teenth day of August, eighteen hundird uwl loity one, he, and
the same hereby n iopi:<iled. /Von</'//, That tins .in .-.hall
not affect any case or proceeding in bankruptcy commenced
before the fif'hdiyuf *>eceinb ^, eighteen Imndied anil fony
two; er any pains, penalties, or kit lei tun m^uved under such
act.
Mr. EVERETT moved that th^ b:'l he primal,
and that it be made the special order for T^tsdoy
next.
Afier scmo conv isa ion batwern Mr. E?ET{-
ETT, Mr. BARNARD, ard the SPEAKER,
Mr. BARNARD moved ihat tiu: biii he co~i-
raitted to the Committee on ti'e Judir..,-..)-,
air. EVERETT said, m hi* opirunn, n would
not be neces.-arv to commit it.
Mr. J. it. INSE!?SOLX Ktis'geRied that a day
moie distant than the one xw.ed by the gentleman
from Vermont shoull be fixed, that genil'-imn
might have an opportunity to hear from their con-
stituents, whose opinions might possibly regulate
the judgment of some gentlemen. He, thejefore,
moved to strike out "Tueutay next," and insert
"Tuesday week."
Mr. EVERETT thought the time he had fixed
long enough.
Mr. PAYNE ga--e no!ice shst, at the proper
time, he bhoold move to strike out the proviso.
Mr. CA.VE JOHNSON s?id the sooner they got
rid of this ques'i n tfa:: better; and, therefore, he
moved to make it the specipi order for to-morrow.
Mr. BARNARD hoped, when it was p:ir.ted,
the House would consent to act with that delibera-
tion in this case which marked their proceedings m
others; and that they would consent to com-
mit this bill to a standing committee.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. J. R. Ingersoll, to postpone the bill to this
day two weeks; which was lost—only 52 voting in
thjjfcffirmative.
^ie motion of Mr. Cave Johnson, to postpone
until to morrow, was also lost; the vote being 78
in the affirmative, and 85 in the negative.
The question then recurred on the motion of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Everett] to print
and postpoae until Tuesday next; which was
agreed to.
TAMPERING WITH THE EXECUTIVE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he bad voted agsinst
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Botts] as a question of privilege; but he was
anxious to ascertain the fact, if any gentleman had
been tampering with the Executive. If such were
the fact, he wished those gentlemen to be exposed
to the public wdigna'ion; and, therefore, he de-
sired to offer a resolution which he had prepared.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the gent'eman fron
Kentucky would give way,6o that some Exxittive
commumctiions now on thp Speaker's labia might
br received, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said it would occupy but
a moment to dispose of his- resolution, and the Ex-
ee.ntive communications could be received imme-
diately after.
Objections were made to the reception of the
resolution of the !>entleman from Kentucky.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved a suspension of ihe
rults for the r<c ption of his resolution.
Mr. GUSHING ca'led for the yeas and navs;
which bemj; ordered, tesulted as follows—yeas 109,
nsys 78; which being less than a majority of two-
thirds, the motion to suspend t!;e rules did not pre-
vail.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landalf W. Andrews, Arnold, Ar-
lington, Aycnpg, Rabcook, Harnard, Barton, Bidiack, Birds-
fyr, Blair, Roardm.ui, Borden, Belts, Jeremiah Brown, Wi3-
tnm Butler, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Camp*
h"ll, Caruthcrs, Joim C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, J. Cooper,
Mark A. Cooper, Oianston, Craven^, Cushing, Garreit Davis,
Debeny, John Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, A. Lawrence For
tor, (.amble, Coggin, Gordon, Halsted, Henry, Holmes, C. J.
lngeisoll, J. R. ltigensoll. James Irvin, James, Isaac D. Jones,
Jolin P. Kennedy. Andrew Kennedy, Lane, Linn, Littlefield,
L'nvell, Robert McClelian. McKennan, Mallovy, Thomas F.
M.uehall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Meriwether, Mor-
•rmi. Marrow, Osborne, Owsley, P.tyne, Pearce, Pendleton,
Powell, R.nnsey, Ueuiamiri Randall, Rayner, Reding, Ridsway,
Itodnev, William Russell, Jaires M. Russell, Saltonstall, Shop,
peui, SUulo,Tui um Smith, Sellers, Stanly, Stokely, Stuitton,
A'exander FT it Smart, Summeis, T.diateno. John B. Thomp-
son, Riehaid W. Thompson. Jacob Thompson, Tilhnghast,
Toland, 'Jnmliuson, Tiipletf, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood,
\ <m Rensselaer, W.iltace, W<o-tl, Warren, Washington, Wel-
ler, Joseph L White, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Wil-
linms, Wise, Wood. An fiiatus \oung, and .John Young—109.
7SA\S—Mei*-«rs A Hon. Sheiloek J. Andrews, Atherton, Ba-
kv-r, Bi-oson, Black, Bowne, B iyd, Brewster, Brisgs, Aaron V.
Biown, Ohaites Brown, Buike, Burnell, Green W. Caldwell,
John Campbell, (;<ny,CdSfy. (/liflbid, Clinton, Cowen, Cross,
RichaidD IXivm, Uawson, ')ran, Eastman, John C. Edwards,
Fenis, Fcssjend'Hi, John («'. Floyd, Chatlr.s A. Floyd, Gates,
Ccny, Gilmer, P.'tiick G. (ioodc, William O Goode", Gustmc,
Hustings, T fay1-, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hudson,
IIunteiv, William W.ii win, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave
Johi'wm, Keitn. Abiah nu McClelian, MrKay, McKeon, Mar-
i-J'.n.d, Aified M.ushal', Mathews, Maxwell, Mediil, Mitchell.
Morns, Nt whaul, Pdrmenter, Pickens, Plumer, Read, Rey-
nolds, Rh>2s, Ro^ei =j, Roosevelt, Saunders, Shaw, Snyder,
-"'tonrod. Sumtei, W.utcison, Westbiook, and Wintlnop--73.
JOINT COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a concurrence in the reso-
lution of the Senate to appoint joint committees
01 enrolled bills, &n , &c.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the Executive
communications on the Speaker's table be read;
which w.?s agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly read a variety of com-
roubisatioas from the War and Navy Depart-
ments, and from the Treasuter of the United
States, and the Commissioner of the Public Build-
ings; and they were appropriately rei\r-'rec!, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired if the estimates for
the year had been received from the Treasury De-
partment?
The SPEAKER replied, that they had not yet
been placed upon his table.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER announced that he bad received
additional testimony in the case of the contested
election of the Delegate from Florida, [Mr. Levy.]
J Mr. TURNEY moved that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. MORGANmoved that it be referred, togeth-
er with the testimony previously received, and the
report of the committee'of the last session, to the
Committee of Elections.
The question was taken on the motion 'o lay on
the table, which was negatived—the vote being 52
in the affirmative, and 76 in' the negative.
Mr. MORGAN then urged the motion which he
had submitted.
Mr. TURNEY objected to that motbn. He
did not know by what authority.this tes'imony had
been taken, nor by which party; but at the extra'
session time wasgiven both pariies to take testimo-
ny, under the rules of the House, which proscribed
how the testimony should be taken; testimony was
accordingly taken, and the whole w;>s referred to
a standing committee, by whom a report was
made, and the case was disposed of. But new tes-
timony had found its way into the Hou«—by
whom or by what authority taken, no human being
could tell. It was certain that it was not taken by
the authority of ihe House. Now, he wished to
know if, at this late day, the House was again to
commit this subject to the Co-nmittee of Elections,
when the term of the Delegate's service had nearly
expired! It appeared to him to be a species of
child's play; and if it were to te done, be hoped
the gentlemen who voted for it would take upon
themselves the trouble which the examination
would require. He submitted, as a question of
ore'er, whether the report of the last session was
now before the House?
The SPEAKER was understood to decide that
it was not.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 14, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication trom the Stale Department,
■showing the returns ra.ide to that deparimeat, by
collectors of the several collection distne's of the
United States, of the number of American seamen
registered in each district during the year ending
September, 1842; which, on motion of Mr. EVANS,
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. CHOATE presented the petition of Benja-
min K Churchill, of New Hampshire, who was
engaged in the ptirateer service of the United
S;a:es during the lata war with England, praying
for a pensiot,: referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
• Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the petition
of George Burk, praying for revolutionary bounty
land: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the petition and
papers of Duncan L. Clinch were ordered to be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from
Franklin W. Stilwell, relative to qualifying and
appointing engineers on board the United States
steamship?: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs-.
On motion of Mr. KERR, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files of the Senats the petition
aad papers of R. S. Coxe, assignee of David
Beard.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EVAN'S, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Robert B. Lewis; which was twice read,
and appropriately referred.
