CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£1
ther action on claims thus unfavorably re-
ported upon. After the passage of such rule,
he had been greatly blamed for not pressing
claims reported against, without the applicant
knowing of the existence of the rule of the
Senate. His honorable friend from Alabama
certainly stated the case vety strongly, and, in the
main, correctly. They had been grossly imposed
Upon. He thought it would be better to refer the
matter to some comauttee; and he would there-
fore move that it be referied to the Committee on
Clnims.
Mr. GRAHAM had no oljection to the refer-
ence; but supposed the notoriety of the course par-
sued by Congress, in relation to reiterated claims,
would be given as well by the publication of the
resolution, as by the publication of the report of
the committee. He therefore saw no necessity
for the reference desired by the Senator from Mis-
souri. He had been induced to bring forward the
subject at the last session, in consequence of the
experience he had had, as a member of the com-
mittee, with regard to the pertinacity with which
claims are reiterated after repeated rejections, and
the expenditure of much labor in previous in-
vestigations. The committee have had to con-
sider claims repeatedly rejected since 1815—'16,
and even since 1808 There is no end to the la-
labor of investigation, if this system is to go on.
Mr. WRIGHT said, in relation to the consider-
ations which had been suggested for the passage of
the resolution, it appeared to him that there was
another, which rendered it a high and imperious
duty npon Congress to adopt such a resolution.
With a s-ingle word, he would refer to it. They
had, during the last three or four years, heard a
good deal of abuse about the delays, on the part of
Congress, in acting upon private claims. They
had heard it asserted that there were a ihou.>and
honest and suffering claimants before Cougrer.s
whose claims were not actcd on. He (Mr. W.)
had no doubt that, if both Houses were to
adopt such a rule, and abide by it, at least
nine hundred out «,f the one thousand claims
would disappear at once. There were claims
which had been befoie Congress for twenty
years; and, having no merit, they could not be dis-
posed of. To rid themselves, then, of these—he
would not say slanders—but these errors m the
public judgment, and to show that they did not de-
serve ihes® reproachful charges of neglecting pri-
vate claims, it would, he thought, be proper to
adopt some hoi est and fair rule by which, when a
bad claim had been once fairly rejected, it should
not again be placed npon the calendar, and eon-
tinned there from day to day, as constructive evi-
dence of improper neglect and delay on the putt
of Congress.
Mr. WOODBRfOQE made some further re-
marks against (he resolution; and
The question was pat on the motion of refer-
ence, and disagreed to.
The question was then put on the adoption of
the resolution, and carried m lh  ailiimaiive.
REPEAL OF THE BANKRUPT LAW.
The orders ol the dr.y brought up Mr. Benton's
bill for the repeal of the bankrupt act.
The CHAIR announced that it mas on its see
ond readier, and \vould be conMjf red in com-
mittee of the whole; the question being on
the amendment submitted by tbe Sjn iter from
North Carolina. [Mr. CJraiiah ]
Mr. BERRIED observed '.hit, if the bill was still
subject to such a motion, ho would move to ro'or
it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The CHAIR stated that the motion would be
in order.
Mr. BERRIEN observed tlu'.t he believed itw?.s
considered expedient, in obedience to public opin-
ion, to bring forward the repeal of the law at :h-'
commencement of this session of Congress.
The law, as it now exists, applies to cases both
of voluntary and involuntary tankrup cy. It was
proposed to repeal this law, on the giound that
public opinion  a > against it; but, in h.;; (Mr. B.'s)
opinion, the public teatimeat whs directed rath, i
against that portion of the law which relates to vol-
untary bankruptcy, than against the law itself. With
a view, then, to ascertain, by examination, whether
such a bill may not be presented to the considera-
tion of the Senate as would steer clear of the objec-
tions which apply to the existing law, it seemed
desirable that it should be referred to a com-
mittee for inquiry. And he was strengthened
in this conviction by the fact, that among the
numerous petitions which had been presented to
Congress at a former session, upon the subject of
the bankrupt law, by far the greater portion sought,
not its repeal, but a modification of it, by excluding
the provisions which relate to voluntary Bankrupt-
cy, and by modifying the terms upon which cer-
tificates of bankruptcy should be granted. It
flpemed to him that public opinion, so far as it had
been ascertained by the representations made to
Congress, was not at all adverse to the existence
of a system of mercantile bankruptcy; and with
a view of ascertaining whether a bill in such a
form might not be substituted for the present law,
he thought it was desirable that it should be refer-
red. But it wasparticularly desirable in another ansl
a general view; inasmuch as it would protect the
legislation of the United States Congress from the
imputation of instability, and insure that respect
which ought to be entertained towards all legisla-
tion. Besides, it seemed to him improper to pro-
ceed in the consideration of the matter with such
rapidity, precluding the possibility of giving it that
due deliberation which it required. They should
not hurry their investigation upon this subject
without making those preliminary inquiries which
(hey were in the habit of making m regard to
every ordinary subject. These were the consider-
ations which induced him to propose that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON objected, in the most strenuous
terms, to the reference proposed by the Senator
from Georgia. To refer the bill to that committee,
would be tantamount to its total rej.-ction. He
would tell the Senate plainly, that, if the reference
was made, he would consider the proposition to re-
peal the bankrupt act at once rejected. What
would it be, but inviting a committee hostile to the
purpose of the bill to go into the question of a uni-
versal bankrupt system, or exercise its ingenuity to
build up a system like that of the British bankrupt
system'! and that is not a work that can be per-
formed this session, if it ever can be performed
successfully. The committee was under the delu-
sion of the false doctrine which induced the original
measure: that delusion was, that insolvency and
banki uptey are one and the same thing. This falla-
cy has ever been maintained by the Judiciary in the
application of thelaws, which cannot be administer-
ed without gross en or. A question cannot arise be-
tween two neighbors about a dozen of eggs, with-
out being liable to be taken from the custody of the
laws of the Slates and brought up to the Federal
courts. And now, when this doctrine that insol-
vency and bankruptcy rue the same, if a continu-
ance of the law is to be contrived, it must be done
ia conformity with such a fallacy. Tne law lias
proved to be nothing but a great insolvent law, for
the abolition ol debt-, for the benefit of debtors;
and would it be main ained that a permanent sys-
tem ought to be built up on such a foundation a*
that? No, he coi'ld tell the Senate they could not
go into any such work. He should resist the mo-
tion fur these reasons. He resisted it, also, be-
cause it mi contrary (o all parliamentary usage
io send a hill to a committee hostile to its princi-
ples. To send it to such ? committee is to send it
where it is foredoomed. There was no occasion
for such a course; the la v has mot the universal
condemnation of thf country. The present bill
was a bill for its repeal, with provisions for
bringing the remaining cases within constitutional
limits. With this view he had taken the 36th sec-
tion of thf oid bankrupt act of 1800, which re-
quired the consent of two-thirds of the creditors
to the extinction of the bankrupt's debts. The
whole of the creditors are treated as a partnership
for tbe purpose of saving their debts—all having
an interest, but giving a large majority a decisive
voice m the adjustment. The old bankrupt act
was in reality a bankrupt system, end respected
the insolvent lawn of the States. Bat the present
law undertakes to expunge the insolvent iawo of
the States. The old law was confincd to tradeis;
but this extends to every one who wants to get
rid of his debts. The old law or 1800 not only
respected the insolvent laws of the States, but
the lien laws of the States; this presumes to abro-
gate both. In the provisions of this repeal bill, the-
necessary clauses of the old law are to be incor-
porated, in relation to the remaining cases of bank-
ruptcy. This must be done to bring them within,
the pale of the Constitution. One goi d effect
will be, that, although we may not ti-11 the
judges they have been guilty of gross error, we
can show them that they have acted unconstitu-
tionally. In England, a bankrupt must have his
certificate signed by two-thirds of his creditors, or
he is treated as an uncertified bankrupt. And he
would tell the Senate that here, now, every person
who has been discharged under the act of last ses-
sion is an uncertified bankrupt; and his claim to
be discharged from liability to his debts should be
disregarded in any court acting up to the Constitu-
tion. If he (Mr. B ) were judge of a court, he
would treat as a nullity any certificate under the
present law, brought forward as a plea against a
claim of debt. He would ask for a certificate
signed by two-thirds of the creditors; and if that
could not be produced, he would disregard the plea
altogether. He would ask, was the Senate now to
elongate this iniquitous act? and if it was, for what
length of time? He could tell them how long it
would admit of remaining cases being continued;
just as long as the assets would holdout to pay
the officers of the courts and the commissioners.
Some months ago, he read in a Philadelphia pa-
per a notice to creditors ta.come forward for a div-
idend of half a cent in the dollar in a esse of bank-
ruptcy pending, under the old law of 1800, since
the year 1801. And, three or four days ago, he read
a notice in a London paper, calling on creditors to
come in for a dividend of five-sixths of a penny irt
the pound, in a case of bankruptcy pending since
the year 1793. Here has been a case where tha
waste of property has been going on for fifty yearst.
in England, and another ease where it has beea
going on in this country forty-one or forty-two
years. He had been himself twenty-three years ia.
the Senate, and, during that time, .various efforts,
were made to revive the old law of 1800 in some
shape or other; but never, till last session, in the
shape in which the present law passed. And how"
could this law be expected to stand, when even the;
law of 1800 (which was in reality a bankrupt law)
could not stand; but was, in the first year of its
operation, condemned by the whole country. With,
regard to the motion of the Senator from North;
Carolina [Mr. Graham] to amend the bill, he should
say that it fairly brought up the question properly,
at issue. It brought up the question of repeals-
and, that being decided, it next presented the
question of how the pendiDg cases are to
be treated. One proposition is to go on, in'
relation to these eases, with the bankrupt law.
as if not repealed; the other is, to make theses.'
remaining cases subject to the provisions of a con-
stitutional bankrupt law. On this issue, the ques-
tion is just as fairlv presented, and much better
presented, than it can be by any report of a com-
mittee. The motion of the Senator frem North
Carolina does all that can be required. It brings
up the main subject m all its bearings. All that is.
necessary, is to fix a day for its consideration. If,
however, the motion of reference was persisted in,
he should call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TALLMADGE did not know that the mere
question of reference was such a vital one as to
commit those who should vote for it. He supposed,
from present indications, that the law would be re-
pealed. But those who intended lo vote for the re-
peal, could assuredly vote for the reference,
without being thereby committed against the.
repeal. The question of reference is, simply,
whether the Senate shall proceed in the mat-
ter deliberately, and upon full information; or
precipitately, and without any guide. It was, he
considered, all-important that the bill now under
discussion should undergo the examination of the
appropriate committee. The Senator from Mis-
souri says the question is fairly and fully presented
on the motion of the Senator from North Carolina.
But there are many Senators who think the tues-
