56
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
should be attending to their duties, were walking on
the avenue during cffice-bours. This, however,
was no reason why temporary clerks would not
have to be employed. The object of the appropri-
ation was, to place funds at the disposal ef the de-
partments, in case extra hire should be needed. It
was necessary, he thought, that the heads of de-
partments should be trusted with the contingent
expenditure of this money; and there was no reason
to believe that those officers would employ any extra
clerks, unless absolutely necessary to carry on the
public business.
Mr. GUSHING obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. FILLMORE, who stated that the committee
had reduced the amount asked for by the depart-
ment in a very great degree.
Mr. BLACK rose, and was proceeding to re-
ply to some of the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] when
Mr. CUSHING claimed the floor, and remark-
ed that he hoped, by a brief explanation, to explain
the obscurity which existed in the minds of some
of the gentlemen who had addressed the House
regarding this matter. He believed it was under-
stood by the House, that, until the last session,
there were a number of clerks employed in the
departments without authority of law. It was
then deemed important that there should be a stand-
ing law on the subject; and accordingly a bill was
reported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
J. R. Ingersoll,] subsequently passed, specifying
the number of clerks to be employed, and giving a
legal existence to many who had been before but
temporary. It then became necessary to make
provision for extra clerk-hire, and the regulations
•were established. The first was, that extra clerks
should only be employed under previous regula-
tions; and the second, that there should be a sub-
sequent responsibility for their hire, and for the
expenditure so incurred. Thus, whether there be
$100 or #100,000 appropriated to this object, not
one dollar could be spent unless to prepare infor-
mation required by a call from Congress. Should
Congress call for information, and should there be
no appropriation, the Secretaries should say at
once that there was no money, and the informa-
tion could not be had.
The question now involved was, whether the
House were willing to intrust this contingent ap
propriaiion to the heads of bureaus for one partic-
ular purpose, and for that only. He averred that,
without a certain degree of discretion being al-
lowed to those officers, it would be impossible to
carry on the Government.
Mr. GILMER said, he might be mistaken in
his views; but, until he was convinced to the con-
trary, he must persist in the course he had taken.
Prom a careful investigation which he had made
in the departments, on a committee at the last ses-
sion, Jie had come to the conclusion that theie
were more permanent Glerks than were necessary
to the public service. Acting, then, upon this
ground, how could he vote for extra clerks? When
the committee had reported that, out of eighty
clerks in the Land Office, at least twenty could be
dispensed with, and one-third in the Indian De-
partment, how would he be justified in voting for
more?
Mr. TILLINGHAST remarked, that the de-
cision of this matter depended much upon the facs
of the case. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Gilmer] was convinced that no more clerks were
required, whilst the departments thought other-
wise, He (Mr. T.) had every confidence in the
statement of the gentleman from Virginia; yet he
preferred to take the opinion of the departments,
and should act upon that in giving his vote for tie
appropriation asked for.
Mr. BLACK reiterated his' objections to the
item of appropriation. Were it for past services
—for labor already performed—he should have no
objection to vote the money; but he could not eon-
sent to vote an appropriation for services that
might or might not be rendered hereafter. In the
present condition of the treasury, he thought that
it was ineumbsnt on the Representatives of the
people to persist in ths utmost economy of appro-
priation and expenditure of the public funds. To
make appropriations in cases like tiie pr. rent, he
was well convinced, v/euld be butto inyite expendi-
tures.
Mr. WISE addressed the committee at large in
favor of the item, and in reply to the remarks ol
his colleague, [Mr. Gilmer.] He contended that
it was. the true policy of the Governsneni to em-
ploy temporary clerks at particular seasons, in-
stead of a greater number of permanent clerks all
the year; and he illustrated his position by refer-
ence to the situation of ths farmer, with whom it
was almost invariably a rule to hire a small force
during the year, and many extra hand■<, at advanced
prices, during harvest. The sessions of Congress
were the harvesttimes in the departments, when
more laborers were required.
Mr. J. W. JONES agreed with his colleague in
the propriety of retrenching the expenditures of
the Government, where it could be done without
injury to the public service; but he doubted whether
his colleague would accomplish his object, if he
succeeded in striking cut the ?ppropriat<on for ex-
tra olerkhire; on the contrary, it might be true
economy to make tha appropnation which was
there asked on the part oe the Committee of Ways
and Means. The question was by no means new
to the House, or to the committee; for it was a sub-
ject which had very frequently engaged the atten-
tion of committees, not only of the present session of
Congress, but of sessions which had gone by. He
remembered very well, several 5 ears ago, wher. it
was sought to introduce some such items into an
appropriation bill, with r«ferenre to oiher parts of
the Government, his attention was particularly
drawn to the subject, and he then examined it with
great care. It was brought to his a'tenti-n, and
that of the committee, by an appropriation asked
for on behalf of the General Land Office; and the
committee was at first of opinion that 11 was a sub-
ject which was exceedingly luble to abuse; and
the Commissioner was called upon to furnish
the reasons which indued him to ask for that
appropriation; and he (Mr. Jones') remember-
ed well that it was the most judicious appli-
cation of money that could be made—particu-
larly ia that branch of the public service. And
the reasons which applied there, would also apply
here. Why, in some of the land offices, one or
two clerks were all that were required to di-'chargs
their duties; but, when the land sales came on, the
duties increased ten, twenty, yea, perhaps a hun-
dred-fold, and for, perhaps, one, two, or three
weeks. Every gentleman would see, ihen, the
propriety and the economy of calling in an
additional force for one, two, cr even
four weeks, to discharge the extra duties,
without interfering with the permanent service of
the establishment. During the sessions of Con-
gress, it was well known to every one who bad
witnessed the lepeated calls or. 'he various depart-
ments for information, that the regular force was
inadequate for such exigencies; and it was true
economy to call in extra aid.
Mr. U. DAVIS, Mr. WISE, and Mr, BID-
LACK entered into explanations respecting the
intention of the Secretary of the Treasury some
time since to dispense with a portion of the clerks
in his department.
Mr. BIDLACK observed that ho would detain
the committee but a moment, merely for the purpose
of referring to a document to she; that his recol-
lections m regard to the siaternen' made by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G- Davie] were
correct From this ducaartent, it would be ssea
that, ?o fat trom its being tree, as stated by the gen-
tleman, that the Secretary ot the Treasury con-
templated a reduction of the force of the Land Of-
fice, the contrary was the fact. Iudccument No.
90, of the last session, it weald be found that a
resolution was parsed oa the 13t';i t,f August hist,
calling en the Secretary to leport to the House
whether there could be any rcuuc'.on made in the
force of his department. With a view to answer
this call, the ac mg Secretary 01 the Treasury call-
ed on the Commissioner ef the General Land Of-
fice for information on that point m regard to his
office. The Commissioner made a report ia an-
swer, which he would not detain the House by
reading; but it was sufficient for him to say that
the Commissioner stated, in substance, that he had
been too short a time in office to determine with
certainty whether any part of his clerical force
could be reduced consistently with a due regard for
the public service; but he gave his opinion that
there was certain business that ought to be done,
and, if that were done, there could be no reduction.
Upon this report the Secretary of the Treasury, so
far from contemplating a (eduction in the General
Land Office, said that be concurred with the Com-
missioner in the views there given by him. Mr.
B. said that he referred to this document merely for
ths purpose of showing that his recollections of the
circumstances were corrcct.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gilmer's
motion to strike out the appropriation, and reject-
ed wiihout a division.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill, until he came to the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the bureau of medicine and
suigery of the Navy Department; when,
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the appropria-
tion was >edaced trom $450 to $250.
O motion by Mr. MALLORY, the appropria-
tion for contingent expenses of the bureau of pro-
visions and clothing was also reduced from $450
to $250. ^ ^
When the appropiiation for the Post Office De-
partment was reached,
Mr. SMITH of Virginia offered art amendment,
appropriating §7,000 for continuing certain clerks
in the office of the Auditor of the said department;
but, on a-i explanation from Mr. Fillmore, with-
drew the amendment
After prcceedirg v/ith a few more items of the
till, the toiiiPiittec rote and reported progress.
The SPEAKER kid befnje the House a re-
port from the Treasury Department, containing
the estimates of the expenditures for the civil and
diplomatic departments of the Government for
ihe li.ilf} ear endbs? the 30th of June, 1843; which,
On motie.ii by Mr. F!I.LMORE, was referred
to tee Committee of Ways and Means, and order-
ed to be printed, with two thousand extra copies.
Also, the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances; which was
referred to the same committee, and ordered to be
printed, with ten thousand extra copies.
Ako, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, enclosing the annual report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office; which
was refeired to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed, with ten thou-
sand extra copies.
Also, a communican'on from the Third Auditor
of the Treasury Department; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 16, 1842.
Mr. SHAW referred the following petitions to
the appropriate committees, under the rule of the
House:
Toe petition of widow Olive Thompson, and
Margaret Gould, boifc of Portsmouth, N. H., pray-
ing for an alteration in the pension law passed Au-
gust 23, 1842; and
The petition of William Russell, of Portsmouth,
N. H., praying for a fishing bounty.
Mr. BE880N presented the peti'ion of John H.
Bugher, Thomas Baird, and twenty-five others,
citizens of the United States, praying for the re-
peal of the bankrupt la*v: referred to the Commit-
tf e of the Whole on the stpje of the Union.
Mr. HUBARD presented the following peti-
tion;; which were rcf-.-sred to the appropriate com-
mittee-, under the jecent rule adopted by the
Hou'c of Representatives:
Peii'i. i.n of William Ansiia for a pension;
Petition of Thomas Harvey for a pension;
Petition of Majjr Tariton Woodson for com-
mutation pay;
Pcti'icn of irSajor John Brent's heirs for seven
jells' half pa;-.
Petition of Majoi Joseph Michaux's heirs for
commulatioa pay; and the
Petition 0? Danjel Guerrant for a pension.
Mr. WM. O. BUTLER presented the petition
