58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Washington, and Mr. Hassler had nothing to do
with it. The scale of the map was laid down in-
correctly by the person who eopsed from Hauler's
chart. He (Mr. W.) had inquired of Capt. Ged-
ney whether the original chart was correct, and
was answered that it was. Thus gentlemen would
see that a typographical error was charged upon
Mr. Hassler as a grievous fault.
Here Mr. AYCRIGG rose, and exhibited sev-
eral charts and maps obtained from the library,
and was understood to say thafthe scale of the
maps was falsified, and to charge general incor-
rectness upon them.
Mr. WISE inquired whether Captain Gedney
had not informed the gentleman from New Jersey
that the error in the maps was not Mr. Hauler's,
but occurred in copying and lithographing.
Mr. AYCRIGG answered in the negative, and
stated that he held the original chart in hit. hand.
Mr. WISE. is it the original?
Mr. AYCRIGG. Ye-.
Mr. WISE. It must be a copy.
Mr. AYCRIGG reiterated his statement.
Mr. WISE resumed. He thought the State of
New Jersey, by its Representative, was the last
section in the Union that had any reason to com-
plain of the survey. It had so happened that the
survey was nearly comp'ete along the Delaware.
The whole coast of New Jersey wa  complete.
Mr. AYCRIGG here rose, and was understood
to contest the s'-ien«ific accuracy of Mr. Hassler's
survey, and the system on which it had been con-
ducted.
Mr. WISE replied, and remarked, that if the
gentleman thought proper to come to matters of
science—to introduce technicalities into the de-
bate—he (Mr. W.) rou t stand off. He did not
presume to think himself mathematician enough to
overlook the celebrated Hassler. He knew not
if Mr. H. had verified his work; but he knew that
the next base to be taken would be upon the Ches-
apeake; and then the work would be verified from
Long Island to Cape Chailcs. He had been told
by all the young ofliceis that the survey of New
Jersey was so aecutate, that the lines of many
hundred miles met within a few feet.
He was unqualifiedly of the opinion that the
chart of the survey was itself worth more than the
amount of ons year'.-; appropriation.
Mr. MALLORY here iv.se and inquired whether
the chart of the new channel or entrance to the
port of New York had ever been puhhshed; and
why not?
Mr. WISE mnaiked, that Mr. Has*.ler wa-,
jealous of his reputation, and had, the refor:-, with-
held the chart until he could determine its po.-itive
verification. It was withheld until the matter coul.l
be made complete; and th'S was made a snbjt ct of
complaint by m?ny gentlemen opposed to the con-
tinuance of the survey. Acting upon this com-
plaint, the select committee had de'terminfd that
the chart should be published. In as weeks it
would be out and before the public.
There was another class of e.iemirs to this ap
propriation for Hauler's survey. Tfcrre were a
certain number of gentlemen—headed by a clique
in the navy—.who had made the discovery that
surveying by chronomeitto astronomy was to be
revived. Such a survey, he pronounced, would
not be worth the paper or, woich i; was lithograph-
ed. Such a survey would not meet the object do-
sired by the country; and wouM, m tiLie eases out
of ten, run a vessel upon the stioais,
The next class of enemies to this appropriation,
were those who thought that Sir. Hassler iicid a
iucratice office—>$3,000 per annum b; ing a,'loved
him as a salary, and f3,000 more v pay liis exn.-nse -.
He (Mr. W.) was of the opinion thai ill:- e jj ens-ps
of Mr. H. could not be le.-.s ihsn §4,000. Th-rc
were others, too, who wa.-jted Mr. Hauler's office
and they also were opposed to this appropriation.'
He- would state a circumstance' *>-hi<h Iv'd
happened in Jwtwjr, and wh-cb, ii.r
aught he knev. sn:sht have had ti.nf in-
fluence upon the course gt the i;i- ■;if>■>-1 ;'■>,-.(,
that State [Mr. Aycbigq.] Mr. Ha.-sltt had", In
the course of Lis survey, settled do.vn unou
a portion of the territory of that State, deeming
himself entitled to encamp where he might, as an
officer of Uncle S.vi>, t-.nd not knowing anything
about th; laws o£ property in this country. In
this state of the case, he was sotified that he must
pay rent, or remove; and, upon his refusal, process
was issued against him by some pettifogging law-
yer in New Jersey, and he was actually sent to
prison, where he remained two days, incarcerated
among felons, because he could not be made to
undeistand that he had to pay rent. He (Mr. W.)
undertook to say that his colleague, [Mr. Mallo-
ry,] the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Aygriog,]
and the gentleman from Massachuset's, [Mr.
Cushinu,] whose reputation for scientific attain-
ments was greater than either of the other two,
might sit down at the feet of Hassler, and be taught
by that philosopher.
Mr. AYCRIGG interpogsd and said, if the gen-
tleman would look in the library, he would find a
pamphlet containing 400 errors which had been
committed in a work of only 200 pages by Mr.
Hassler. These were errors, by his own acknowl-
edgment.
Mr. WISE remarked that he could not wish a
better proot of the accuracy of the man. [Laughter.]
The acknowledgment showed that he was candid,
and could be relied on. [Laughter ] Other men
would have produced works with one thousand
and one errors, and not acknowledged one of them.
[Laughter.] Did the gentleman suppose that
Isaac Newton never committed an error? If he
did, he was much mistaken. The whole business
of science war, to correct error. Let the gentle-
man go to Paris, and he would there find the Na-
tional Institute daiiy engaged in correcting errors.
He had alieady mentioned three classes of ene-
mies to the survey. The fourth was composed of
those who, ;tiow that the survey had. progressed as
far as the peninsula of the .Chesapeake and the
coast ot Noith Carolina, (which was the most dan-
gerous of navigation in the United Stales) were
anxious that the survey should be carried back to
Long Inland, and thence proceed northward. A
fifth class was composed of those, among others,
who thought Mr. Hassler incompetent, not only be-
cause he could not speak (he English language
correctly, but also because he was in the habit of
speaking his mind pretty freely of tho:e whose
ptactice it was to catechi.-c and cross-question him.
In his exam nati- n before thecommittoe, Mr. Hats
ler wou'd understand the questions in a different
sense liori that in which they were propounded,
at.d would answer accordingly. He (Mr. W)
had, ho'vevi-r, been able to understand htm; and
where he ha I not, hp had gathered what mforma-
ti >ti he r!p*:red from C?ptain Gedney.
Mr. MALLORY rose, and said, he admitted the
fact of Mr. Hassler's confused answers. So great
was his confusion, that an interpreter had to be in-
troduced. He would (iive his colh's^up one reason
for opposing the continuance of Mr. Hassler. It
was k: V, thru the topography cf the southern
coast wa: d'ffeient from that of the northern. In
the farmer it wjs fid t. and m the la tier distinguish-
ed by highlands. The same prcce>s, therefore,
would not answer for surveying both coa^s. When
questi neJ in commifee as to how he should pro-
ceed with his sutvey when he arrived upon the
coat! cf Virginia and North Carolina, he could
give no satisfactory ansxer. This fact could be
proved ' y the journal of th" committee.
Mr. WISE ventured to assert that Mr. Hassler
'.I'ouk! not answer any one as to the mode in which
he would proceed; but the officers had told htm
how he would tjo about the work. Their testimo-
ny, and that of every man of science, was m favor
of the competency of Mr. Hassler.
Mr. MALLORY reasserted the gr*und he had
tak> n, and satd the committee weie satisfied of Mr.
HassU-r's inability 'o tell how ha should proceed.
Mr. WISE ressmed, and went into a description
of 'Mr. Hauler's n-rs'insi! npet'anc-% re.odt of con-
ver- --11ro, &a , together wi;|i the-crr.es to?e'ed be-
to-e fiv s"le'.t coir.Gintee; when
Mr. BiDLACK ca'ied him lo ordei, and contend-
ed lisa be was transcend,ng the tule? ot the House,
which foro.-.de me'a'r.erc. to detail oceies which had
occurred in eonmittec.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the puMt of order
Mr. WISE then said ho would state what hap-
pened out of committee. Mr. Hassler was charged
with being mentally and physically incompe-
tent—
Here Mr. MALLORY said, that when he made
the report of the committee, as its chairman, he
did not deem it necessary to state all the facts
which led bira to the conclusion.
Mr WISE again denied the incompetency of
Mr. Hassler, and said that, had the committee so
reported, it would have been without evidence. He
then went into an argument to prove this position;
when
Mr. AYCRIGG remarked that the fact that Mr.
Hassler had denied his own map, and was, accord-
ing to his own statement, between eighty and ninety
years of age, was conclusive, to his mind, of in-
competency.
Mr. WISE. Now, wc have all the evidence.
Mr. MALLORY. No, not all. Mycollesgve
has asked for the witnesses of Mr. Hassler's in-
competency. I say that he was witness enough
against himself, without any other witness what-
ever.
Mr. WISE. Now, we have the evidence.
Should that map,containing merely a typographical
error, blast the mental reputation of a man who
stands before the world as a philosopher? He
defied the introduction of competent witnesses
to prove his incompetency, Mr. Hassler might
look odd and shabby in his dusty old coat;
but, in ihe field of science, he was at home,
and, not only at home, but major tkmo.
He appealed to the experience of gentlemen
here wbo had been to college, if they had
ever seen a great mathematician who was not
an odd sort of a man. He well remembered
old Jemmy Read, of Washington College, Pa;
and he appealed to the Representative of the Wash-
ington district to say if any one ever taught mathe-
matics better, little common sense as he had out of
doors. A man might have all the depths of New-
ton knowledge, and jet not know that a New
Jersey pettifogging lawyer could put him in jail
among felons. He appealed to gentlemen not to
be prejudiced by Mr. Hassler's manner. As to his
age—true, be was old; yet he had an old-fashioned
constitution that could stand much. He was an
octogenarian in age, with all his mental faculties
in full vigor.
Mr. HOLMES! said this motion was discourte-
ous to the committee, and disrespectful to the
House. As a member of the committee to which
this subject had been referred, he had left the matter
piincipally to the gentleman before him [Mr. Mal-
lorv,] and ihe gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Gushing,] who, he would state, seemed to
him to go with a predetermination into the investi-
gation. And he would say again, so far from
feeling the mental incompetency and the vast infe-
riority of the gentleman they had assniled, and
whose character for science they would pull down,
he had frit rebuked when the answers were given
to the interrogations put to h-m. He had felt that
the committee, having juit looked into the books
and learned the alphabet of science, were display-
ing to him, who was the ?,reat master in science,
the. little krmwledge which they had; and he ap-
pealed to the gentleman from Virginia whether,
when they went into a collision of intellect, they
were not invariably put down. He (Mr. H )
thought the best way fi r himself was to retreat,
and he bcl-.oved the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] did the same, [laughter;] and they left the
other gentleman to tarty on the content. The com-
mittee summoned Mr. Hsssler before them; and
they took testimony; but they never made a report,
which ought, to he made after a full examination,
before they pror.otu ced judgment on one whose
intellect had iilnniioated not this country alone—
for it was tie r.dmiration of the philosophers of
Etiropo. Was it fsir and respectful, then, to the
House, oncer such circumstances, lo ask them to
rely on the ipse dixit of individuals alone? Mr.
Hassler might have admitted an error in one of
ihe maps ss the ^.itlenian from New Jtrsey had
stated; and ih= great uiind of Mr. Hassler mieht
be revelhng in the light of truth. Who did not
remember the story of Galileo, who, when
carried before a tribunal of scientific men,
