&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pointed Messrs. Linn, Walker, Sevier, Merrick,
and Phelps, to constitute said committee.
Mr. STURGEON, on leave, introduced a bii! for.
the leiief of Lucretia Haymaker, heir at law of
John Bown; which was twice read, aad referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, it was
Resolved^ That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of permitting the State of
Mississippi to appropriate $25,000 of the two" per cent, fund of
said State towards the completion of the railroad from Jackson
to Brandon, on the conditions designated by said State.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. CONRAD submitted the following re-solu-
tion, which lies over one day, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to com.
municate to the Senate (tf not incompatible with the public in-
terest) whether the amount due and payable by Mexico for in-
demnity to citizens of the United .States, under the late
convention, has been paid in conformity with the terms of said
convention; if not, whether any, and what, measures have been
adopted by our Government to obtain or enforce payment; and
aiso, to obtain the recognition of such claims as were submitted
to, but not finally acted u pon, by the late joint commission.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Commitlee on
Commerce, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it pass, th? bill to
allow a drawback on foreign merchandise exported
in original packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe,
in Mexico,
Mr. H. also reported, from the same committee,
a bill to authorize ihe issuing of a new register to,
and to change the name of, the ship Westchester
of New York, to that of the Atlantic of New
York; which was read, considered as in committee
of the whole, reported to the Senate, aad ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, the papers
of Joseph Robey were ordered to be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. TALLMADGE pre?ented a memorial from
a committee on behalf of claimants to indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. T. also presented a petition from John Bos-
woith, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions,
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from George
Tayl®r, of the District of Columbia, praving in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. R. also presented a memorial from Mary
W. Harrison, widow and executrix of the hue
Benjamin Harri'on, praying the pai-age of a law
authorizing ihe resettlement of the accounts of her
late husbmd with Ihe Government, there being
many errois in the former sctllcment: re.'encd lo
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
DEATH OF Mr. HABERSHAM.
A. message was here received from the House of
Representatives, announcing to the Senaie the death
of the Hon. Ricihed W. Habersham, late Rep-
resentative from the State of Georgia, and the pass-
age of certain resolutions; which message being
lead,
Mr. BERRIEN rose and addrcscd ihe Senate
as follows:
Mr. President: la offering the resolu'tons which
it is my duly to submit u< me Senate on this occa-
sion, the usage of this Chamber require;, tnat I
should accompany them v.'i.h s.me notice, howevrr
brief, of the character of the deceased—with some
reference, howen-r transient, to ihe event which
calls for this expression of our sympathy.
It would be 10 me, sir, a gra'.eiui, though a
melancholy < ffice, to proncancc ihe euio^y c my
departed frknd and associate—'o dwell with eh"r-
ished recollection oi his public vinue ■—on his
private worth—above all, on H:at benevolence of
feeling, which was so beautifully exhibited in all
his intercourse with his fellow-men. It ",-ouM be
my privilege to speak of him tr.us, sir; for it h.-ts
been my good fortune to have ben ascocia'ed vaih
him from his earlier yea's, in lelaiions of kindness
and amity, whicn erpericncd no solitary interrup •
tion to theclose r.f his life; while, in mutually cherish-
ing these feelings, we only lenpihened ihe chain
which had united cur fathers ia like friendly
bonds, The occasion is, however, perhaps, ia-
appropriate to the expression of mere private feel-
ing—and I forbear.
Mr, Habebsham was a native of Georgia. His
family name is associated with the records of her
colonization, and is honorably inscribed on the
pages of her provincial annals. It has been dis-
tinguished in each successive period of her history,
and, unsullied by a spot, will now be registered on
the stone which covers his own remains. In
Georgia, sir, that name is the synonyme of patri-
otism, integrity, and benevolence.
Mr. Habeesham was born in the city of Savan-
nah—I think in the year 1786. He obtained his
collegiate education at Nassau Hall, in New Jer-
sey; received the honors of thatmsiitution in 1805;
and, returning to his native State, after the usual
course of preparatory study, was called to the bar.
He was early distinguished among his professional
associates, and was for a series of years the coun-
sel of the United States in the courts of that dis-
trict. He retired from office, with the applause of
the people of Georgia, when the duties which it
imposed cor dieted with his own sense of justice
to a portion of his fellow-citizens. He served with
reputation in ihe municipality of the city of Sa-
vannah, and in the Legislature of his native State,
and has been twice honored by s seat in the coun-
cils of the Union. It can scarcely be necessary
to say to those to whom I address myself, that his
duties here have been discharged wi;h zeal and
fidelity, with assiduity and intelligence, and
ia a frank and conciliatory spirit, which, even amid
the conflicts of party, secured to him the esteem
and regard of hi« associates. He died at his own
residence in Georgia, on the 2d ins'ant, at a mo-
ment when, but for the disease which had pros-
trated him, he would have been hastening to unite
with us in the duties of legislation.
Mr. Habersham has now closed his earthly
labors. Hereafter, among us, he lives only in the
memory of his virtues, These will be long held
in grateful remembrance by those to whom he was
most intimately known. The recollection of tbem
will, I trust, assuage the sorrows of the widowed
parmer of his life, and of that group of orphans
who are clustering around her in ih s hour of
anguish.
But Mr. Habersham yet live,'. The record of
this probationary life, as to him, indeed, is closed
forever. But he has gone, in ihe immortality of
his being, to render his account to his Creator and
his J udge. It remains to ns to hope that he may find
acceptance in that solemn hour through the ato-
ning blood of the Redeemer; and to inscribe on our
own hearts the monitory lesson which this event
is ea'cuiated to impait.
Mr. B. closed by offering the usual resolutions
in testimony ef the respfct of Ihe Senate lor the
memory of the dcceaspd, and authorizing the wear-
ing of crape; which were read, and unanimously
adopted; and, in accordance wish which, the Senate
forthwith adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 19, 1842.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi presented the
petition of Nathaniel Mitchell, praying a grant of
land for the purpose of making the experiment cf
extracirg turpentine, in profitable abundance, from
the pine forest trees bordering or, the G ;lf of Mex-
ico: refeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MARSHALL c«f Maine presented the peti-
tion of Robert P.-.tiersor, and 43 o hers, ship n.as-
ters raid merchants of Belfast, Maine, for the erec-
tion of such beacons, spindle-', and buojs, on Ihe
Muscle ridges in Penobscot Bay, as will render i"„-
navigation more safe.!
Also, the petition of George Drmkwater, and
26 other;', of Lincolnville, for ihe same.
Also, the petition of Joseph Jones, and 40 oth-
ers, of Camden, for the same.
Also, the petition of Andrew Leach, and 61
others, cf Pro-'p ct, for the same.
Mr. GAMBLE of Geoigia rose, and ad dressed
Ihe House as follows:
The present Congress, it is believed, has of-
ten* r p:rforci?d the painful duty of anno dicing
the death of iis members, than any which h«s
preceded it under the Government, In the first
week of our session, we were called upon to pay
the last tribute of respect to the memory of one
who died on bis way to '.he seat of Government, to
resume bis duties as a member of this body; and
to-day, the daty has devolved upon me to commu-
nicate to the House the mournful intelligence which
has reached us, of the death of another member of
this branch of the National Legislature. For some
time we entertained hopes that the rumor of his
death was unfounded; or, at most, premature. But
it is at length reductsd to painful certainty that
Richard W. Habersham is no more. He has
finished his course on earth; his seat in this
hall is vacant; and he now sleeps in the silent
tomb. His constitution being naturally feeble,
and bis health somewhat impaired when he
first took his seat as a member of this body—
added to the severity of the climate, and his labo-
rious and close atteniion to his duiies, which
was more than he was able to endure—brought on
a disease, which has only terminated in his death;
which painful event, as we are informed, took
place at his residence in Habersham county,
Georgia, on the second day of this month, sur-
rounded by his family and friends. Mr. Haber-
sham was a descendant of one of the most honora-
ble and distinguished families in Georgia. He
was endowed with more than ordinary powers of
mind, which was enlarged and cultivated by a lib-
eral education. Being thus qualified, he early en-
gaged in public life, and, by a long course of up-
light conduct and unbending integrity, he acquired
a degree of confidence which few attain, and (what
is still more r,-,re) which he never abused. He has
occupied stations of honor and trust, both under
the Federal and State Government?, the duties of
which he discharged to the full requisitions of the
law, and entire satisfaction of those with whom he
had official transaction.
In 1833 he was elected as a member of Congress,
and continued in that character until his death.
To you, sir, and his associates here, I need say
nothing. You have witnessed his coarse; you ap-
preciate his worth as a man, and his usefulness as
a member of this body. And notwithstanding the
political asperity of the times during which he has
been a member—and although he has been firm
and unwavering m his political course—yet I be-
lieve he never indulged m a sentiment, or suffered
an expression to escape his lips, at which even the
most sensitive political opponent could justly take
exception. His errors and infirmities, if any he
had—-and none are faultless—"were of ihe head, and
not of the heart " He was amiable, generous, and
forgiving in bis disposition; his home was the
centre of kindness and hospitality; and his hand
e.ver open to the calls of charity. It may be said
of him, and can with truth be said of him, that
he has gone, and left not an enemy behind him.
In his lamented death, Georgia has lost one of her
most useful, virtuous, and talented citizens—one of
her most distinguished, patriotic, and cherished
sons; and his family have sus'amcd a loss which
cannot be repaired by time. "May that Being who i
tempers the wind to the shorn lamb," comfort and '
sa.-tain them in this, their deep affliction; and may '
this memento of our mortality make a deep and
lasting impression upon our hearts, and cause us
wei! to consider the admini'i.-n addressed to us ia
the word of truth, t-hieh is enforced by this solemn
dispensation—-"Lie ye also leady, for in such an
hour as ye thinir not the ton c.f man cometh,"
Mr. G. then offered ihe usual resolution, viz:
that the members, as a mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, go into mourning, by
wearing crape on the left rrm for thirty days;
which was adopted; and, as an additional mark of
respect for his. memory,
On motion by Mr. GAMBLE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 20, 1842.
Mr. BENTON prcsr-ted a petition from Mary
W. Thompson, widow of the late Colonel Thomp-
son, prajing compensation. for certain military ser-
vices of her late husband, which remain unpaids
referred to th? Committee oa Military Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petilioa froisx
