84
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senator/rom Missouri all ibe information that
he would be enabled to obtain by the adoption of
tins resolution. The Senator would perceive, by
reference to the messags of the President, of Au-
gust last, communicating the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, that an answer to
the first branch of his interrogatories was there
given. The President had there declared ihat the
qointnple treaty had not been communicattd to
this Government by any of the parties to that
treaty. It was very true, that the Government of
the United States had got information of the char-
acter of that treaty, as seemed to bo the case with
regard to the various Governments of Europe; but
it had not yet been officially communicated.
As to the other matters inquired for by the reso-
lution, the same answer would, he thought, equally
apply to them. The Government had no other
means of obtaining information, than that pos-
sessed by the gentleman from Missouri himself.
It was within the knowledge of the honorable Sen-
ator himself, that—in consequence, perhaps, of the
importance of the treaty itself, or, perhaps, in con-
sequence of the attention which had been attracted
to it by General Cass—it had become a subject of
discussion and of animadversion throughout Eu-
rope, as well as the United Slates.
The next branch of inquiry contained in the res-
olution, as he (Mr. Archer) understood r, was in
relation to the opinion which had been expressed
by the Executive of the United St !es as to the
course which this Government ouaht to pursue in
reference to the slave trade. He (Mr. A.) would
at least presume that the honorable Senator from
Missouri was indifferent, as he himself was, ?s to
the opinions entertained by the Preeident upon this
subject; and he would therefore submit to the hon-
orable Senator whether there could be any propriety
or necessity for asking ih<? e opinions. He would
ask, then, inasmuch as there had b<en no effxeial
communication on the subject between this and
any foreign Government, wherefore should a call
be made for information which could not be ren-
dered? The President had merely expressed an
opinion that it was best to cxecu*e our own laws,
and not submit to the ind gaily ol having them ex-
ecuted for us by other nations.
The Senator from Missouri, he was sure, would
concur with him, ihat as theie were no tacts in t:: 
pos?e;sion rf the Executive, which were not equal-
ly in the possesion of (he Senator hi.ns?!f, thsre
could be no necessity for the resolution of inquiry.
He hoped, therefore, the honorable Senator woalcl
be willing that the motion which wa-. now about
to make, to lay the lesolutiou upon the Ub'e, >houlj
prevail.
Mr BENTOH replied to the gentleman fiom
Virginia, [Mr. Arcrek,] and said hi* resolution of
inquiry was founded upon the. President'.? msfsage
of August last, recommending the ratification of
the British treaty; and all the points of irquiry
made by him were (otind in ihat message. He
would have made the call at Ihe la%t session, when
the treaty was ratified; but there was 110 time for
it. The. treaty came at the end of a nine momhs'
session, in the roidst of the dog-days, and when
there was no time for inquires But the appro-
priations for the featy were Mill to he mpJe; >;nd
the information he wanted, would be csed when
the supplies for the A'riraa ?quaJron were de-
manded. The message says the quintuple alliance
was not officially communicated to tbeGfovemment.
This implies that it w?s unofficially communi-
cated; and if so, the country ought to know by
whom, and for what purple. The message
speaks of our conduct in relation to that treaty, as
being the subject of attention and discussion in
Europe; and tellv us of warm animadversions, and
great political excitement, in relation to it. Of
course, it is the parties to this quintuple treaty—the
holy allies—who are giving us this attention, and
makisg us the subject of this discussion; who be-
stow this animadversion, snd erpmence this great
excitement;—and it is eci\aisily ii«ht that :he peo-
ple of the United States should know what all this
portends; and how far the afi'iirs of the United
S'ates are taken into the keeping of the hoiy
allies. The message -also present?, as an ar-
gument for the African squadron, that oiheia
would execute eur laws if we did not; and
execute them in a way to violate our flag.
1 his is presented as an argument to operate on
the mind of the Senate, in favor of the rati-
fication, when it might be an argument against
carrying it into effect; for this country was not to
be dragooned into an alliance. The whole case,
as made out in the President's message of August
last, went to show that the holy allies had taken
our conduct into theirconsideration; and that Great
Britain was going to execute our laws for us, if
we did not execute ihem ourselves; and that this
squadron and these remonstrating ambassadors
wera the price which we paid to appease the holy
allies, and to escape seaich from Great Britain.
This was the aspect of the message; and he wished
to know ivhether there were facts to justify it, If
there were, he thought it a case for resistance, not
for submission
Mr. ARCHER desired to say a single word, in
relation to this matter, to the Senator from Mis-
souri, and to the Senate. He presumed do one
would contend that it comported with the dignity of
that body to make a call upon the Executive for
information, when they were sufficiently advised
that no information could be obtained. And, to be
convinced that none could be obtained, it was only
necessary to refer to the message of the President.
What, then, was the object of this resolution?
Wa3 it a resolution of crimination? The Sena or
was informed ihat there had been no communica-
tion made to this Government by the parties to the
quintuple treaty: how, then, could he expect to ob-
tain the information be asked?
[Mr. A. h?re read a portion of the message.]
He wo'ild put it to the honorable Ssnator hitn-
s^lf, whether it was not just as much ■vithin his
own knowledge, as within that of the Government,
that there had been warm animadversions and
strong political excitement throughout Europe in ,
relation to that treaty. It had been in France—
or e of the greatest nations in the world—a subject
of such violent political excitement, that the Gov-
ernment had actually, as he had been informed,
determined to renounce all par'icipatioa in it.
Could there be any higher evidence than this that
the comments of the President were founded upon
the facts connected with this subject? Was there
anything; more nototious than the high state cf po-
litical excitement which this very subject had pro-
duced in Europe? The President had stated this
fact, and given his own opinion upon it. And he
(Mr. A.) confess-d he thought the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri would have concurred with him
in the opinion, that if they were tn have laws or
provisions fjrroed in reference to iheir obligations
towards other nation?, they should at least take up-
on .themselves the execution of those laws. Did
the honorable Senator desire to be understood a<
urging it. as a pround of demerit in the President,
that he expressed the opinion that we should foe th°
sole exceptors of our own laws—thaf we should
ourselves give them force and efficpc-.? Did the
mere expression of this abstract opinion involve
the inference which the honorable Senator intend-
ed to draw, thst there had been—what? Trat
there had been efforts on the part of this Government
to obtain assistance from oiher powers in the exe-
cution of cur own laws? There was not the kast
ground for such a presumption.
How could the Government, by any possibility,
furnish the evidence demanded by the honorable.
Senator, when they were told by the Executive
that he had bad 1.0 negotiations upon the subject
with any power whatever? There being, then, no
information in the possession of the Government
going to answer thn inquiry contained in the reso-
lution, he would submit to the honorable Senator
whether it was fit that they should send a crimina-
tory or a vindictive resolution to the President. He
wou'd put it to the honorable Senator, if it was
really information that he sought. The honorable
Senator knew full well [here was no information
that he could receive. His object, then, with all
due respect to the honorable Senator, he (Mr. A.)
mw suppose was merely to utter a denunciation
against the Executive. This being his view of the
case, he felt boand to move that the resolution be
laid upon the table,
Mr. KING suggested that it would be better to
postpone its consideration, and, in the mean time,
order it to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER said he intended no discourtesy
towards any honorable Senator; and if any one
desired to discuss the resolution further, he would
withdrew ihe motion.
Mr. BENTON observed that he wanted the in-
formation, not for crimination, but for use on the
discussion of the appropriation. Everything in
relation to the, origin and cause of this African
squadron would then be wanting; for he, for one,
meant to resist the appropriations for this African
crusade. He said the gentieman from Virginia
[Mr. Archer] was mistaken in supposing that he
wanted the opinions of the Administration. Not
so. He had their opinions in the August message;
and he wished to see whether they had asy facts
for the opinions they then delivered. He wished
to see if the holy allies were animadverting upon
us, and whether Great Britain intended to search
our ships if we did not join her in the African alli-
ance. This seemed to be the opinion of the Admin-
istration; and Mr. B. wished to see if they had any
foundation for it. With this view, he called for
all the information they possessed, and especially
for the correspondence of our ministers abroad.
He felt certain that those ministers must have writ-
ten on 1 he subject. It could not be supposed that
the President h?d founded his communication to
the Senate on coffee-house discussion.':, or on news-
paper discussion-;, or even on the debates of the
French Chambers: these was nothing in all that to
alarm us, or 10 show that the holy allies were oc-
cupying themselves with our affairs. The Presi-
dent must have had official correspondence on the
subject, even if he. had no official communication
of the treaty: and he washed to see that corres-
pondence. He had a right to see it, and should in«
sist up'.n his right.
Mr, B. then read the paragraphs from the Presi-
dent's message of August last; and argued that
every inquiry was 1 ottomed upon the message, and
proper for the information of Congress and the
country. The paragraphs were as follows:
c:It is known that, in December last, a treaty was signed in
London, by the representatives of England, Fiance, Russia,
Prussia, and Austria, h'-ivingfor its professed object a strong
and united efForcof the live powers to put an end to the traffic.
This treaty was not officially communicated to the Government
of the United States; but its provisions and stipulations are sup-
posed to be accurately known to the public. It is understood
to be not yet ratified on the partof France.
"No application or request has been made to this Govern*
ment to become party to this treaty: but the course it might
take in regard to it, has excited, no small degree of attention
and discussionirt Europe, as the ■principle vpon which it is
founded, and the stipulations which it contains, have caitsed
warm animadversions and great political excitement.
k,In my messiee <u thecommcnceinent of the present session
of Coigiees f endeavored fo state the principles which this
Government supports respecting the right of search and the
immunity of flag*. Desirous of maintaining those principles
fully, af the same (irre that existing obligations should be ful-
filled, I have thought it most consistent with the honor and dig-
nity ol the country thai it should exccutc Us own laws, and
■perform its own obligations hy iis oxen means and its O'tc-n
power. Trie examination or visitation of the merchant vessels
of one nation, by the cruisers of another, for any purpose, ex*
cept those known and acknowledged by the law of nations,
under whatever restraints or regulations it may take place, may
lead to dangerous results. It >s far better, hy other means,
to supeisede any supposed necessity, or any motive, for such
examination or n&u. _ Interfeume with a merchant vessel
by an armed cruiser, is always a delicate proceeding, apt to
touch tne point of notional honor, as well asto affect the inter-
ests ofi'id'viduals, It has been thought, therefore, expedient,
?/nt only in acco'i dance with the stipulations of thi tieaty of
Ghent, but, at the same time, os removing all pretext on the.
part of others for violating the immunities of the American
fa? upon the seas, as they eX'Stand are defined by the law of
notionsi to enter into the articles now submitted to the Senate,
Mr. B. said these paragraph* presented grave
matter for ihe consideration ui the Congress and
the country. They were gravely presented to the
Senate, to influence its action oa the treaiyjanJ,
from the case vhich they present, it is perfectly
clear that this squadron is our tribute in men and
ship?; Jo appease the holy allies, and to prevent
Great Britain from searching us. It is clear, from
the&e paragraphs, that this live yean,1 alliance is the
price which we pay for these favors. Now, it
nsight or it might not be so. In either event, we
have a right to know; and in either event, the ad-
ministration is 011 the horn of a dilemma. If the
holy allies and Great Britain are guing to take us
in hand if we do not give ihcm ibis squad-
ron, then it was cowardice and national degra-
