CONGRESSIONAL OLOB1.
m
If it remained in force, .it could now < nly affcct
contracts made under it, and could do no positive
wrong. Many had been made .bankrupt by the
effects of the law, who otherwise would h - ve paid
all their debts. He doubted the pflicy or justice of
making these its victims, and then to deprive them
of its remedies by legislation.
Before its passage, every man knew when he in-
curred a debt what were the penalties for non-pay-
ment. All knew what they had a right to expect and
demand as creditors, or to give or suffer a< debtors;
all the debtors and creditors stood'apon the same
platform. If they repealed the law before all the
relations of these parties that have been changed
of it have been arranged according to its provis-
ions, manifest injustice would be done to a large
portion of them. Those who have been released,
have had especial benefits conferred upon them;
which especial benefits have bankrupted other?,
who will be left under all their obligations 10 others,
sgain, without claims on those who w.-re indebted
to them. This was, he said, a great wrong, and
one intlictcd by ihe Government.
"With these views of the subject, it having done
mostof the evil it could do, he was not in so great a
hurry to repeal it as were some of those who had ihe
sin of its passage on their heads. He was (or
making it the minister of some good,(ocompensa:e,
in part, for the evil it had done. If it could be
made (and he believed it could) to operate on all
the banks and other corporations of the country, it
would be one of the most salutary laws ^ver en-
acted. There was nothing that had so much
deranged and impeded the healthy action of the
business of the country, as the non-payment of
specie by the banks of many parts of the coun-
try. They had for years, and now, in many
places, sat like an incubus upon its industry, and
blighting its prosperity. If these could be made to
pay specie or to close their doors, the ex-
changes of the country would immediately be
regulated, and its prosperity begin to advance.
He was, therefore, for applying the barik-
xupt law to all such institutions, and to have
them expunged or purified before it was repealed.
He would, therefore, suggest to his colleague [Mr.
C. J. Ihoeksoll] so to change his proposition, as to
embrace all banks and trading corporations within
the provisions of the law. Of the power of Con-
gress to do so, he had not the least doubt; nor
would he make any distinction between banks whose
stock was held fey S'ates and ihose held by itidivid
uals. No matler who or what the corporator or
corporators were, it was not with them the law
would have to do; but with the corporation, or
rather with its property, lis dehors, and iis cred-
itors.; and these ought to be subject to the pen-
alties and provisions of ihe bankrupt law, as much
as any other properly, debtors, and creditors. Be-
. lieving this, he would vote aganst all propositions
that did not embrace all banks. His object was
to reach them all, and he would make no distinc-
tion, nor take anything less. If he could not get
this, he would go for the repeal of the law altogether.
Mr. PICKENS said, to test the question, and to
bring the House to a direct vote, he should move
the previous question; and, he would add, that if
gentlemen attempted to embarrass the bill with col-
lateral issues, they would defeat it. He called,
then, upon gentlemen (and more particularly as
ths people whom they represented had decided
against the expediency and the constitutionality of
that odious law) to come to the vote, and make re-
peal imperative, Wilh that view, he moved the
previous question; on which he demanded tellers.
Mr. HOPKINS and other gentlemen made
some observations to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] which were not heard at
the reporter's desk; and, in the confusion, an ad-
journment was moved.
The SPEAKER put the question, and it pre-
vailed—88 in the affirmative, and 75 in the nega-
tive, and the House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 21, 1842.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from Seneca
Thomas, praying for a pension: referred to the
Comnjittse on Pensions.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of New York, remonstrating
against the repeal of the bankrupt law, on the
ground that its continuance will produce a salu-
tary effect, by preventing overtrading, &c.: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials
from manufacturers of hats, asking Congress to
repeal the 25 per cent, duly on imported furs: re-
ferred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Fille-
brown, jr.; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond Reading.
THE BANKRUPT ACT.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Wash-
ington county, Vermont, by W. Richardson, pray-
ing the repeal of the bankrupt act, and accompa-
nied by a letter to htm, stating that the people of
Vermont were as unanimous as the Legislature of
their State in condemning that act. Mr. B. would
take the opportunity which the presentation of ihis
petition offered, to declare that, holding the bank-
rupt act to be unconstitutional at six different
poinls,(the extinction of the debt witheuttbe consent
of a given majority of the creditors being at the
head of these points,) he would vote for no repeal
which wou'd permit the act to continue in force
for the trial of depending case?, unless with pre-
visions which would bring the action of the law
within the Constitution. To say nothing, at pres-
ent, of other points of unconstitutionality, he limit-
ed himself to the abolition of debts without the
consent of a given majority of the creditors. This,
he held, no power in our country can do. Congress
can only go as far as the bankrupt systems of
England and other countries go; and that is, to
require the consent of a given majority of the cred-
itors (four-fifihs in number and value in England
and Scotland) and that founded upon a judicial cer-
tificate of integrity by the commissioners who ex-
amined the cave, and approved afterwards by the
Lord Chancellor. Upon these principles only
could Congress act: upon these principles the Con-
gress of 1800 acted, in making a bankrupt act:
and to these principles he would endeavor to
conform the action of the preient act so
long as it might run. He held all the certifi-
cates granted by the courts to be null and void;
and that the question of the validity would be car-
ried before the courts, and before the tribunal of
public opinion. The federal judges decided th«
alien and sedition law to be constitutional. The
people reversed that decision, and put down the
men who held it. This bankrupt act was much
more glaringly unconstitutional—much more im-
moral—and called more loudly upon the people to
rise against it. If he was a United States judge,
he would decide the act to be unconstitutional. If
he was a State court, and one of these certificates
of discharge from debts should be pleaded in bar be-
fore him, on an action brought for the recovery of
the old debt, he would treat the certificate as a nul-
lity, and throw it out of court. If commanded by
the Supreme Court, he would resign first. The
English law held all bankrupts, whose certificates
were not signed by the given majority of the cred-
itors, to be uncertificated; and, as such, he held all
these to be who had received certificates un-
der our law. They had no certificate of dis-
charge from a given majority of the credit-
ors ; and were, therefore, what the English
law called "uncertificated bankrupts." He said the
bankrupt systems formed the creditors into a part-
nership for the management of the debtor's estate,
and his discharge from debt;and, in this partnership,
a given majority acted for Ihe whole, all having the
same interest in what was lost or saved; and, there-
fore, to be governed by a given majority, doing
what was best for the whole. But even to this
there were limitations. The four-fifths could not
release the debt of the remaining fifth, except upon
a certificate of integrity from the commissioners
who tried the case, and a final approval by the
Lord Chancellor. The law mads itself party to the
discharge, as it does in a case of divorce, and for
the sake of good morals; and required the judicial
certificate of integrity, wuhout which the release
of four-fifths of the creditors would not extinguish
the debt of the other fifth. It is only in this way
that Congress can act. It can only act according
to the established principles of the bankrupt sys-
tems. It had no iuherent or supreme authority
over debts. It could not abolish debts as it
pleased. It could not confound bankruptcy and
insolvency, aBd so get hold of all debts, and
sweep them off as it pleased. All this was des-
potism, such as only could be looked for in a
Government which had no limits, either on its
moral or political powers. The attempt to con-
found insolvency and bankruptcy, and to make
Congress supreme over both, was the most daring
attack on the Constitution, on the Stale laws, oa
the rights of property, and on public morals,
which the history of Europe or America exhibited.
There was no paralled to it ii) Europe or America.
It was repudiation—universal repudiation of all
debts—at the will of the debtor. The law was sub-
versive of civil society; and he called upon Con-
gress, the State Legislatures, the Federal and
State judiciaries—and, above all, the people—to
brand it for unconstitutionality and immorality,
and to put it down.
Mr. B. said he haJ la'd down the law, but he
would refer to the forms which ihe wisdom of the
law provided for executing itself. These forms
were the highest evidences of ihe law. They were
framed by men learned in ih? law—approved by
the courts—and studied by the apprentices to the
law. They should also be studied by the journey-
men—by the professors—and by the ermined
judges. In this case, especially, they should be so
studied. Bankruptcy was a branch ef the law but
little studied in our country. The mass of the
community were uninformed upon it; and the latiiu-
dinarians, who could find no limits to the power of
our Government weredaringly presuming upon the
general ignorance, by uadertaking to-confound
bankruptry and insolvency, and claiming for Con-
gress a despotic power over both. This darirg at-
tempt must be chastised- Congress must be dnvea
back within the pale of the Constitution; and for
that purpose, the principle; of ihe bankrupt
systems must be made known to the people. The
forms are one of the best modes of doing this:
and here are the forms of a bankrupt's certificate
in Great Brita'n—the country from which our
Constitution borrowed the system. [Mr. B. then
read from Jacobs's Law Dictionary, title bank-
ruptcy, at the end of the title, the three forms of
the certificates which- were necessary to release a
debtor from his debts.] The first fcrm was that of
the commissioners who examined the case, and
who certified to the integrity of the bankrupt, and
that he had conformed in all particulars to the act.
The second form was that of ihe certificate of four-
fifths of his creditors, "allowing him to he discharged
from his debts." The third was the certificate of
the Lord Chancellor, certifying tbat notice of
these two certificates having been published for
twenty-one days in the London Gazette, and no
cause being shown to the contrary, the certi-
ficates granted by the commissioners and by
the creditors were " confirmed." Then, and
not till then, could the debtor be discharged from
bis debts; and wilh all this, the act of 1800 in the
United States perfectly agreed, only taking two-
thirds instead of four-fifhsof the creditors. Con-
gress .could only absolve debts in this way, and
that among the proper subjects of a bankrupt law:
and the moral sense of ihe community must revolt
against any attempt to do it in any other form.
The present act was repudiation—criminal repudi-
ation, as far as any one chose tojrepudiate—and
must be put down by the community.
The memorial was then referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate (for the
purpose of laying before the other House) the pa-
pers in relation to the claim of certain companies
of Mich;gan militia.
Mr. KING presented to the Senate a memorial
adopted by the Legislature of Alabama, upon the
subject of lands which had been recently acquired
from the Cherokees, which, through an error of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, bad
been advertised for sale in January next, contrai^
