10
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the understanding with the residents thereon
entitled to pre-emptions—that one year would be al-
lowed them (from the time of the filing in the office
the plats of survey) before the lands were brought
into market, to prove their rights to pre-emption.
Mr. K. was understood to say that he had called
upon the present Commissioner, and represented
to him the understanding of the former Commis-
sioner with thes^jresidents, (of which he was una-
ware;) and that the sales had been postponed so as
to give the pre-emptors the benefit of the twelve
months intervening the filing of the plats and the
sale to establish their rights. He considered, there-
fore, that the object of the memorial was accom-
plished, though he moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands; which wis agreed to.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition from Ezekiel
Wade, praying remuneration for property destroy-
ed by the enemy during the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
THE OREGON BILL.
Mr. LINN, from the select committee on the
subject, reported back, with several amendments,
the bill for the occupation and settlement of the
Territory of Oregon, aad for extending portions of
the laws of the United States over the same, and
for other purposes. The amendments were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of Benjamin K. Churchill for a privateer pension;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
/ Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved^ That the 40th rule for conducting the tmsiucsbin
the Senate, and which requires the Senate to close us Joon
when transacting executive business, be rescinded, and that the
Senate shall hereafter sit with open doors when transacting all
business except treaty business. I
MAIL FACILITIES,
Mr. KING rose to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to an act which was passed at the last session,
establishing post offices and post routes. It would
be recollected that, at the time of the passage of
that act, considerable discussion arose regarding
the propriety of establishing a post office near the
city of Alexandria; and, after a full consideration
of the subject, upon all the information that could
be collected, both Houses determined that that of-
fice ought not to be established. By an error of
the engrossing clerk—certainly not intentional—
the clause requiring ihe establishment of that of-
fice was retained in the bill. The Postmaster
General, however, though aware that the establish-
ment of an office at that place was improper and
■uncalled for, yet, finding it in the statute-book, felt
bound to execute the law. To arrest his action in
the matter, he (Mr. Kino) now brought it to the
consideration ot the Senate. If it were considered
that it was a part of the law, it ought to be repeal-
ed. He hoped the chairman of the Committee on
the Pest Office and To.^t Roads would turn his at-
tention to the subject; for, unless the committee
brought forward ramc proposition for its repeal, he
(Mr. King) would feul it to be his duly to bang
forward a bill to repeal it. He would await.the
action of ihe committee until to-mouow.
Mr. MERRICK, (at a subsequent part of the
day.) in reference to the subject to which the Sen?
tor trom Alabama [Mr. King] had-called the a!-
tention of die Senate, ob-erved, ma! lie v.-as satis-
fied, upon looking at the law passed last sos-:oti
for the establishment of pool-cffice:. and post r'.ute-,
that a very mat'.rial error hud bieu comtsmerf
{probably in th~'ongio-sment _f the bid) in the*
part of 11 which related to the cs abllcLinet-t of a
ptst-office in Fairfax county, Wginia, at a semi-
nary a tew miles from Alexandria. The Senate
actually refused to establish inch on office. IIp
now rose to give notice that he should ask leave to-
morrow to bring in a bill to repeal that portion of
the law.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
Mr. BENTON submitted a resolution, which
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United states tie re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the late special minister
from Great B. itain to the United States made any proposition,
informally or otherwise, to the negotiator on the part ot_ the
United States, for the assumption or guaranty of the State
debts by the Government of the United fetates to the holders of
said debts.
Mr. ARCHER wishfd the resolution to lie on
the table for the present.
Mr. CONRAD, cn lesve, introduced a bill for
ihe relief of William B. Lewis, postmaster at New
Orleans; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr'LINN submitted the following resolution,
which lies one day on the table, by the rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Spnaie of the nature and extent of the "informal communica-
tions" which took place between the American Secretary* of
State and the Untjsh special minister during the late negotia*
tion in Washington City on the "subject of the claim of the
United States and Gieat Britain to the territory west of the
Rocky Mountains;" and also to inform the Serate what were
the reasons which prevented " any agreement on the subject
at present," and which made it "inexpedient to include that
subject among the subjects of formal negotiation."
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to send to
the Senate a copy of Lieutenant Fremont's report of the recent
explonns expedition to the Rocky mountains, made under the
direction of the War Department.
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to send
to ihe Senate the report of theboardof commissioners appoint-
ed to select a site for a Western armory.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
The proposition submitted by Mr. Phelps to
amend the rale of the Senate adopted on the 26th
of January. 1842, providing that it shall not be in
order to re-present a claim once reported against by
either of the standing committees, such report
having been concurred in by the Senate, was taken
up and adopted, as follows, viz:
Provided, That this rule shall not extend to any cases
whereon adverse reports, not in writing, may have been made
previous to the said 'lOth day of January, 1842.
BILLS ORDERED TO BE ENGROSSED.
Senate bill entitled "An act to authorize the re-
linquishment of the sixteenth sections of land
granted for the use of schools, and to seleci other
lands in lieu thereof," was taken up ss in commit-
tee of the whole, on an amendment from the
Committee on Public Lands, authorizing the re-
linquishment by legal subdivisions, if preferred.
Mr. KING thought it was extending the privi-
lege too far, to allow the relinquishment of less than
quarter sections, and might lead to great public in-
convenience and prejudice.
Mr. CRITTENDEN agreed with the Senator
fiom Alabama in this opinion; and submitted to
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
[Mr. Smith,] whether it was not carrying the thing
too far, to allow the relinquishment of forty acres
of a section to be picked out of the heart of
another section.
Mr. SMITH remarked that portions of the
school sections were ponds, and totally unfit for
any (bin?; and the committee, considering the ben-
eficial objects for which ihe privilege was asked,
bad concluded to grant it.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. KING, 'he bill was further
amended, so as to allow the selection to be mads of
any lands in the Sflte where the relir.qui.hed
section might lie, instead of confining ihe selections
to the same townshp.
The bill u-as then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third roding.
The Senate bill untitled "Aa act in relation to
donations of' land lo certain persons in Arkansas,"
wat, considered as ie committee .-.f ihe whole, te-
P"ited to ihe Senate, aud ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The bill >or the r- lief of certain citizens of Ar-
kansas who ;ost their improvements in consequence
of the trea-y between the United Slates and the
Cherokee Indians, came up in order as in commit-
tee of the whole; but
On the suggestion of Mr. BARROW, who wished
to amend it so as to include some cases of citizens
of Louisiana, it was postponed tdl to morrow.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 21, 1842.
Mr. KING of Georgia appeared and took his
Mr. KEIM of Pennsylvania presented the pe-
tition of A. Troxee and fourteen others, hatters, of
Harrisbuig, Pa., praying Congress that all hatters'
furs'be admitted free of duty.
Mr. PICKENS rose and desired to be informed
as to the exact state of the question on the bill be-
fore the House, in Committee of the Whole, when
tbey adjourned last evening. He desired to know,
if he should move to strike out the proviso in the
pending motion, and then move the previous
question, if it would be in order.
The SPEAKER said that it would not. He
wou'd, however, suggest to the gentleman from
South Carolina, that if there were any reports from
the standing committees of the House, they would
be the first business in order.
The standing committees were then called in
their order; and reports were made as follows:
Prom the Committee of Ways and Means, by
Mr. FILLMORE.
From the Committee of Claims, by Messrs.
COWEN and GIDDINGS.
Mr. COWEN,^.from the Committee of Claim',
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House will, on Friday and Saturday,
the 23d and 24th insiant, meet at 10 e'clockr, a. m., foi the pur-
pese of disposing of tile business upon the private calendar.
The resolution having been read, Mr. C. called
for the yeEis and nays on the question of its adop-
tion; but the call not being sustained by one-fifth
of the members present, tellers were called for, and
ordered; when, on taking the question, the result
was, ayes 75, noes 68.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the same committee, of-
fered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be authorized to
continue in employment their clerk, at the compensation here-
tofore allowed him, until the further order of the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked if that resolution
wai in order. If not, he should object to it.
Tfle SPEAKER said that it was the report of a
committee.
Mr. JOHNSON observed that the committee
who had heretofore the charge of this subject, had
examined it with great care, and had come to the
conclusion that the services of this clerk were not
necessary during the recess. Accordingly, when
the resolution to continue his employment cams
up, an amendment wss offered and adopted, lim-
iting the employment to the then session of Con-
gress [last session.] This resolution was to au-
thorize the Committee of Claims to employ a
clerk, who had annually been continued in em-
ployment for years. Now, if the Committee of
Claims wanted to employ a clerk during the ses-
sion of Congress only, he would not object to it;
but he was opposed to the annual employment of
one.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia desired to know whether
this clerk was a regular and stationary officer of
the House, and was employed in the recess.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that he had been
annually cmp'oyed ar years.
Mr. SHlTfl further desited to know what the
cleik's seryices were, and what was his compensa-
tion.
Mr GIDDINGS said th^t this gentleman had
been rcju!a:ly cmjloyed since the year 182C m
keeping the r-.cords and doir-g the c'rrical business
cf ihe coraioi^e.', during Ihe sessions of Congress,
and m preparing p. d'gest of -he decisions of the
comsr.i'.'re sir.ee the i.igan'zat'on of the Govern-
ment. Mr. G. eiplained the great usefulness and
ijiportmce of this d'ge.-i, aid spoke in a highly fa-
vorable ra.inner of th? tw-rv'ces of the clerk. Mr.
G. then ciHed for the reading of the report of ths
committee on 'his subj .c'; which was done.
Mr. SMI C:" then ask^d what was the compen-
sation of this rlfrkr.
The SPEAKER replied ihat it was #1,500 per
annn-n.
Mr. C S VI?. JOHNSON moved to amend the
resolii'ion, by limiting the employment of thecletk
to the present session.
