n
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
said, the people required to be done;—that is, the
people required at their hands that the obligation
of contracts should not be violated; and they pro-
posed to comply with that demand, by allowing
time for their violation. If they had done what
was wrong by the passage of the act in respect to
contracts heretofore existing, the sooner they made
reparation the better; therefore, they ought to have
no proviso of that sort.
"When he rose, he did not intend to make a
long speech, and therefore he should now merely
say that he should make no proposition to amend;
but he should give such a vote as would tend
towards carrying out the principles he had always
held. When the bankrupt act was passed, he
told Congress that he was in favor of a bankrupt
law, but not such a bankrupt law as this. He
was in favor of a bankrupt law now, and he ex-
pected to die in favor of one. He knew the value
of a bankrupt law, by experience. He never was
sued for any debt contracted on his own account,
in his life; but be had had a vast number of writs
for debts of other people. He had been made
bankrupt to the amount of a hundred thousand dol-
lars, and he had had to surrender even the books of
his office to pay other people's debts. Fortunately
for him, he had got clear of the whole of it. The
principle of bankruptcy which .they ought to sanc-
tion was to relieve a man from debts incurred by
calamity, and not by imprudence; but in the pas-
sage of this bankrupt law, they had failed to make
that distinction; they had undertaken to relieve
everybody from his debts created by imprudence,
or from the consequences of his frauds, by means
of which debts might have been contracted; and it
was against a principle of that extent that so-
ciety had risen up as with the voice of one man.
No man in his section of the country had ever said
that in a case of calamity or misfortune—for
Heaven, by tempest, or by flood destroys a man's
property—a man should not be relieved.
He (Mr. Undekwood") protested against their
mortgaging the faculties of a man under such cir-
cumstances, or, Shylock-like, claiming that his
flesh should be meted out: yet there were many
who, by their extravagance or imprudence, had got
into debi; and to relieve them by this bankrupt
law, was to permit them tojgo into the community,
and do the same thing again. Now, he (Mr. U.)
would vote for the bill of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Barnard,] if he would reduce the time
for voluntary bankruptcies.
Mr. BARNARD agreed to amend bis proposi-
tion, by changing- the day from the 1st July to the
1st April.
Mr. UNDERWOOD would then consider that
alteration as made in the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. BARNARD, after conversation with sev-
eral gentlemen, again changed the day, from the
1st of April to the 4th of March.
Mr. BLACK inquired if it was ia order to
move to lav that amendment on the table.
Mr. BARNARD withdrew his motion to com-
mit the bill to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BLACK said, when the proper lime came,
he would move to lay the gentleman's amendment
on the table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL obtained permission
from the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood,] (who slill kept possession of the floor,) to
move to amend Ihe proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] by the addition
of ihe words, "and to include banks."
After a few words from Mr. GUSHING on a
point of foim and order,
Mr. EVERETT intimated his willingness lo
amend bis original bill, by substituting the 25>h
lor the 5th of December, as the day fixed by the
proviso as the limit for the application in bar.k-
xup'cy.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then resumed. He had
but very little to say; but he wanted the amend-
ments presented, which would exhibit the whole sub-
ject in the aspect which he bad pointed out Firs', he
wanted a proposition made from some part of tV
House for the repeal of the hill hereto'ore passed,
so far as related to applications for voluntary ban v.
ruptcy, without proviso or qualification. He ihen
wanted a motion made, in some shape or other, by
gentlemen who had been acting on this subject, to
retain so much of the bill as allows of compulsory
bankruptcy, and the distribution of the property of
the bankrupt among his creditors, according toftheir
respective debts, pro rata. For the reasons which
he had already advanced, he thought it would be
proper to repeal the voluntary principle of the
bankrupt law, and to retain the involuntary part
of it. That was the proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] except that he
proposed to permit voluntary bankrupcies, first unul
the 1st July, then until the 1st April; and as the
proposition now stood, until the 4th day of March.
Now that was the very thing which the people had
condemned; and he (Mr. U.) wished to ^et clear
of that part of the proviso; and he would move, if
it were in order, to strike out so much of the gen-
tleman's amendment as proposed to extend the
time until the 4th of March for voluntary bank-
rupts to file their petitions.
The SPEAKER said such a motion was not then
in order.
Mr. CU8HIN9 submitted, as a point of order,
that the amendment which had been proposed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. In-
gersold] was not in order without the consent of
the House; which had not been given. He then
went on to state the nature of the proposition
which he desired to make—which was, in effect, to
substitute the time of the passage of this act for
the days which had been proposed. Various "prop-
ositions and observations were made by several
gentlemen.
Mr. HOPKINS then rose, and said, if the peo-
ple of (his country had decided anything in relation
to this question, they had decided that the bankrupt
law should be repealed; and he should regard any
proposition to clog it with exceptions, or provisoes,
as calculated to disappoint, rather than lo promote,
the public expectation. What he desired was a
direct vote of this House upon the immediate and
unqualified repeal of the law. He believed that
was what it was expected, on the part of the peo-
ple, that they would do; and he callcd upon the
friends of repeal there to disregard all these excep-
tions and provisoes, and to consent to take nothing
until they got a vote on the unqualified repeal of
the law. For himself, he should vote against every
amendment which contained such a proposition as
was incorporated in that offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] or the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing ] He would
not say hoiv he would vote on the bill of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Everett ] He went
for the repeal of the law—for an instant repeal of
the law, and the unqualified repeal of the lav.-; and
he called upon those who were looked to here to
execute the public judgment, with regard to this
law, to be cautious how they voted on these vari-
ous propositions.
It was m the power of the mijotiiy (which he
doubted not miaht be found there m favor of repesl)
to bring the Home lo a direct vote on the question
of repeal, instead of on those propositions, ror.«
of which would make iepeai o{ no utility. The
proposi'ion which designed to continue volun-
tary batkiuptcies until the 4th of March, gave
notice to every debtor to come and be discfaereed
frorr. his liabilities, and then there would be nothing
to remedy; for the whole mischief would be done.
If, however, they came up to an unqualified repeal
of the law, they might prevent much i f the mis-
chief that would result from its operation. He
(Mr. Hopkins) had seen nothing in the indications
of public sentiment about a qualified repeal; he
bad seen nothing about voluntary or involuntary
bankruptcy. On the contrary, the people hud
called on their Representatives to repeal the law;
and, in hij judgment, they would disappoint the
people if they aceepie-i any of these various prop-
ositions to amend. He was satisfied there was a
majority on that floor for repeal—unqualified re-
peal; and he called upon them to eland by the
bill in that shape; if net, they would repeal but in
name. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Un-
derwood] had spoken of a repeal whl«-b w-ui,?
interfere with vested interests; but, in his (Mr. H's)
judgment, it was not repeal which interfered with
vested interest;: it was the passage of the lav/
which interfered with vested interests, and im-
paired the obligation of contracts. He repeated,
that, unless the bill should be passed so as to se-
cure an unqualified repeal of the bankrupt law, as
at present advised he should vote against every
proposition; for no other would meet the expecta-
tions of the country.
Mr. BRIGGS was understood to move the com-
mittal of tbe bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted, as an amend-
ment, a simple proposiiion for the repeal of the
bankrupt law; and he was afterwards understood
to say that he would consent to the committal to the
Judiciary Committee, but with ins'iuctions to re-
port a bill for the grepeal of the bankrupt law to-
morrow at two o'clock. This (he said) would
bring the Mouse to the question whether there
should or should not be a repeal.
Mr. WISE said be had been sitting there
watching the Protean shapes given to the bill, un-
til he was tired. If they intended to repeal that law,
now was the accepted time. The House could
come to the question of repeal, if they chose, at
once, by voting down the motions to commit, and
the motion to instruct; and then, by refusing to
entertain the previous question, make it a bill to-
operate from tbe time of its passage, and not from
the 5th of December, or any other specified day.
That was all that was wan'ed; and that could be
done to-day, justaswsdl as it could be done if it
were referred to a committee.
He (Mr. Wise) had said nothing about this
bankrupt bill, except once; and that was when the
potent argument was advanced to the House and
the country, that there were 500,000 bankrupt
voters in the United States ready to avail them-
selves of its advantages,
This power it was (and a political power, too)
that was urged at the time of the passage of the
bankrupt bill, by which it was licked through in
such hot has.e. He warned gentlemen, however,
(and it was all he had evr-r said oa this subject,)
hat if there were 500,000 bankrupts in the coun-
ry, there were at least 500,000 creditors also.
Their condition, too, was changed. The debtors
being released—gentlemen no longer having the
debtor power to press, now pressed the creditor
power. When they thought the bankrupt law was
popular, thc-y passed it; but now they think its re-
peal is popular, they pre?s the repeal. Though
he could see mischiefs groining out of the repeal of
this law, still he thought that it ought to be repeal-
ed, He believed that this bankrupt law had pro-
duced one-half the distress of the country, by de-
stroying confidence, and inducing creditors to put
the screrfs on their debtors. At the moment that
the Legislature stc-pced forward to interfere be-
tween the debtors and the creditors, the latter were
stimulated to commence suits for the recovsry of
their debts. Mf, W. strongly opposed the including
of backs aad corpoiatiors in the provisions of the
bankrupt law, on the ground that the same evils
would be produced by it. The banks would be
ccmpclled to rut additional screws on their debtors;
and he hrped there wrs no one who would be
willing to fee th" people depressed fprther than they
already v/ire. Tue best thing that could now be
dooe would tv, to repeal this law, for the purpose
of restoring cor.fidrnoe, and rn.iblina creditors, with
OiO-e raf..*v, to indulge iheir debtors.
Mr. CHAS. BROWN s-iid he rose upon the
impulse of tbe moment, to enter his protest against
ihe aifumft'ors of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] who had ju^t taken bis seat, in rela-
tion to the effec'o upon the people of Vi'ginia, and
all the other States of ihe Union, that would follow
the adop'ion of I'v amendment ptoposed by his
colleagu0, [Mr. Ingep.coll,] to embrace all "banks"
within the invcdunta'y provisions of the bankrupt
law. It bad been, and now was, ibe desperate
smuggles of :r.yolv<"' and insc!v<„nt banks to col-
lect their dfbts, that bad ground the people >o death.
The fe^r of protests ,v>d bar.k disgrace compelled
mar-y lo saer fise thfir property, to keep up their
cre.lit in bank. The banks sacrifice no'hing, but
comp.-l their debtors to sacrifice their property to
redeem tbe banh's rio'cs: thus do they go on, com-
pelling tbe payment of ten, twenty, or fifty per
Ofr.t. every sixty dey?; and that it was thai
