CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
tr
had spread such ruin and distress through many
parts of the country, and would continue to be the
case, as long as the involved or insolvent banks
■were suffered to exist. Let but these banks be
forced to stop banking—to slop discounting in-
dividual notes, and issuing their own, and
their debtors would fe l immediate relief. The
banks would no longer have any inducement to
oppress their debtors, but would collect their debts
without oppressing them; and if the Virginia banks
could be thus stopped now, the people of Virginia
would soon breathe freely. In a single day, or
month, they would feel themselves relieved as
from an incubus; and their prosperity would be
soon restored. Mr. B. said he knew what he
stated to be true. He was not theorizing, but giv-
ing to the House and to the gentleman from Virginia
the results of experience. In the city of Philadel-
phia, while its dozen of banks pursued the course
now being pursued by the Virginia banks, all was
distress, and difficulty, and oppression; but the very
hour that one-half of them closed their doors,
(whieh they did nearly on the same day,) and
three-fourths of its bank capital was thus forced into
entire bankruptcy, and they obliged to stop banking",
the people felt relief, and have been going on ever
since increasing in prosperity, jytoney, instead of
being scarce, has been increasing in quantity, and
improving in quality. Property ceased to be sac-
rificed to meet the grinding requisitions of insol-
vent banks. Nor was this salutary influence felt
at Philadelphia alone; but wherever the banks had
been forced to pay specie or close, the same relief
had been felt. Under the bankrupt law, the bad
will be forced to close, and the good be relieved
from the weight of the bad, and the community
be relieved from the oppression of them all. The
idea that there would be no money in circulation if
the banks were closed, was an absurdity too palpa-
ble to need contradiction. Such had been always
feared, but had never bsen the consequence.
One word as to the power of the General Gov-
ernment to bring those Slate institutions under their
bankrupt law, and he had done. Of that power I
have not the least doubt. The sole or main object
and intention of giving to the General Government
the power to pass a general bankrupt law, was
evidently to establish general rules and laws regu-
lating and controlling the relations of debtor and
creditor throughout the Union—to prevent any one
State from throwing over the property of its citi-
zens a shield against their creditors in another
State. If, therefore, no State could protect the proper-
ty of its citizens, as individuals, from the operation
of a general bankrupt law; how could it, or why
ought it to have the power to shield the property of
its corporate bodies from the same liabilities
that its citizens are under? What were banks or
corporations? Were tliey not merely "artificial per-
sons"—usually a number of individuals invested
with power to bear a single name, with the same
powers as individuals pursuing the same bimness.?
Thus a bank corporation hail the same power as a
single banker—a manufacturing corporation as a
single manufacturer—i mining corporation as a
single miner. If, then,the general bankrupt law over-
rode the State laws so far as it affected the proper-
ty of each individual as a private banker, manu-
facturer, or miner, why should i'. not override State
laws as to the property of the same individuals, as
corporate bankers, manufacturers, and miners?
These debtors and creditors were all alike, and the
same general laws ought to regulate and contiol
them. He could not see what principle of State
rights would be impaired; and believing that
a great good would be done, he would go
heartily for bringing all banks and corpora-
tions under the involutary provisions of the bank-
rupt law; and would assure his friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Wise] that the people of Virginia and
the whole country would, ins'egdof being "screwed
down" further, as he averted, find the serews im-
mediately loosened, and themselves fiee and pros-
perous. If banks were not so brought within the
province of the law, he should vote for its repeal;
believing, as he did, that its continuance would do
more evil than good. Evil it had worked, and no
doubt, to some extent, would continue to work; but
)>e was confident that the immense amount of good
that would be done to the whole country by a general
strangulation of all the note issuing insolvent
banks, and a consequent purification of the cur-
rency, would more—far more—than compensate for
all or any of the evils ef a continuance of the
bankrupt law upon individuals.
Mr. ARNOLD wished to say a few words be-
fore the question was taken. The House had long
presented a strange spectacle to the country, by
undoing at one session what was solemnly done
at another; acting under the impulses of patriotism
and love for the people. The Democracy, too,
presented an extraordinary spectacle. Tliey, as
fiiends of the people, were demanding the repeal
of the law, and especially that part applying to the
poor debtor. This was the tune of modern De-
mocracy—the subterranean Democracy—that the
act went too far in its provisions for the benefit of
the pool! Whilst making these remarks on the
Democratic party, he could not refrain from ex-
pressing his dissent from many acts of the Whig
party. He thought they were too soon tired of
well-doing, and too soon yielding to the one-man
power at the other end of the avenue. He thought
they should leave the undoing of their own meas-
ures to another Congress, wbGn, all conceded, the
Democracy would have a large majority. Let the
Democracy and John Tyler carry on the Govern-
ment for two years.
As for the bankrupt law, he regarded it as the
best measure which had been passed by the Whigs.
Its evil had been accomplished", and, should it be
allowed to remain in force, he predicted that, in
five years, it would be the most popular law in the
country. He commented on the coalition which
he said had been formed between the Locofocos
and a portion of those claiming to have belonged
to the Whig party, by which defeat had been
brought upon the Whig cause. There seemed to
be an especial desire on the part of this coalition to
have the bankrupt law repealed, and to set them-
selves up as the enemies of debt.
He commented on the fact that many Democrats
in New York, particular friends of Mr. Van Bu-
ren, were against the repeal of this law. Indeed,
he had the best reason to believe that Mr. Van Bu-
rrn himself was in favor of the present bankrupt
law. A large number of the Democracy of New
York had petitioned against the repeal of the law.
In 1827, Mr. Van Buren had advocated a bank-
rupt set in the Senate; and now every mountebank
in the country was setting himself up to know more
about it than Mr. Van Buren.
Mr. A. then went into the subject at large, and
spoke until the expiration of his hour, treating the
subject in its personal, political, and commercial
aspects.
Afier he had concluded,
Mr. SALTONSTALL obtained the floor, and
moved an adjournment; which was carried.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 22, 1842.
Mr. BUCHANAN piesented amemoiial fiom
Mary R ende, the widow of Jas. Reeside, deceased,"
who was a mail contractor with the Government, I
praying that Congress might pass a law, appropri-
ating the amount of the verdict obtained by her de-
ceased husband in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States a^ains, the United States, for the sum of
$188,496 06, a large portion of which verdict was
for money actually borrowed on his orders, and a
mortgage on his property, to aid the Past Office
Department. The memorialist slates that the mort-
gaged property is threatened to be sold, to satisfy
the mortgage. Mr. B. moved, as this ptesented a
legal question, that the memorial, and the memo-
rial of James Reeside, deceased, now on the files of
ths Senate, be referred to the Judiciary Committee:
agreed to.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
the assistant messengers in the Post Office Depart-
ment, praying an increase of their compensation:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, presented a petition from Daniel Currier,
for a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Ou motion by Mr. CONR&D, it was ordered that
the memorial of Juan Cluarro, for property laken
from him in 1841, be taken from the. fijes of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill to provide for ascertaining and dis- '
posing of the lead-mineral lands in the States of
Illinois and Arkansas, and the Territories of Wis-
consin and Iowa. „
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE, from the Committee on
the Library, reported back to the Senate, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
pass, the joint resolution for the distribution of the
catalogues of the Library of Congress.
>- Mr. McROBERTS submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed to
inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation to
remove the obstructions to navigation at the Des Moines rapids,
in the Mississippi river.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and adopted.
Mr. McROBERTS said he had a petition to pre-
sent from citizens of Iowa Territory npon the same
subject, and which he should ask to have referred
to the same committee.
In explanation of the resolution and petition, he
said the rapids referred to had been, and continued
to be, an obstruction to the commerce upon the
Mississippi, between St. Louis and the northern part
of Illinois and the Territories of Wisconsin and
Iowa. The rapid is impassable, at least without
great delay and danger, at low stages of water.
For the last few years, the impediment to the navi-
gation of that noble river had been more sensibly
felt, from the great increase of population and com-
merce upon the Upper Mississippi. The whole
commerce of Iowa, and mcst of that of Wiskonsin
and the northern part of the State he represented,
so far as depended upon water communication,
had to pnss these rapids. Looking, then, to the
growth and resources of the immense territory
north of the rapids, ro one could mistake the im-
portance and ntcefsity of this improvement. He
believed that no part of the Mississippi valley had
turpassed, if it had ever equalled it, in the same
period of time, in population and improvement.
Duiing ihe fall season, when emigration was pour-
ing in most numerously, the delay, and expense,
and loss of properly were greatest at these rapids.
No stronger appeal could be presented than the ex-
isting state of things, to the justice of the Govern-
ment to appropriate means to remove the obstruc-
tion complained of in this petition.
Mr. B. said that the great mineral hegk)n lies
north of these rapids. In lead, and possibly in
copper, the territory referred to was the richest up-
on the face of the globe. The whole people of
the countrv were interested in protecting this inter-
est. In 1839, the amount of lead which descended
over these rapids, the products of the upper mines,
was twenty six millions of pounds ; in 1840, twen-
ty-five million1;; and for the first eleven months of
1841, twenty-seven million six hundred and fifty
thousand pounds. At ordinary prices, the net pro-
ceeds would amount to more th^rn a million of dol-
lars per year. This lead finds its way to the East-
ern cities, rnd supplies the demand for the article
in all the various purposes to which it was applied.
The opening of these mines has supplied the home
market, and prevented importations from abroad.
From 1821 to 1838, inclusive—a period of eighteen
years—we imported but 2,625,133 pounds; while
vre have exported more than that amount to China
alone in a single year. In 1840 we imported about
half a million, and exported twice that amount.
But, sir, (said Mr. McR.,) independent of these
considerations, the highest dictates of national duty
require that ths appropriation should be made.
That tiver, pnd the p-^rt of it which includes the
obstruction referred to, was the channel to naviga-
tion for two Ternhries, and no inconsiderable por-
tion of one ef ihe Stat- s. The subject, therefore,
assumed an importance that made the work one
ef national concern. They were yearly appro-
priating millions for the improvement of har-
bors, rivers, inlets, and other works to protect the
commerce upon the sea-board; and he claimed the
same measure of justice for the people of the Mis-
sissippi valley.
. The petition from the citizens of Iowa was theq
