CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US'
Mr. ARCHER observed that, with regard to the
, subject of this resolution, he could furnish the
; Senator from Missouri with as much information
as he could obtain from the executive department.
As advised, he could assure the Senator that no
proposition whatever, or even allusion to the sub-
ject of the assumption of the State debts, had been
made in the course of the negotiation with this
Government. After this answer, he submitted to
the Senator from Missouri whether the resolution
ought to be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. BENTON was very much pleased with the
information given by the Senator from Virginia;
but he would prefer having it directly from the
Executive. He therefore should urge the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. ARCHER said the answer he had given
■was advisedly; and he understood from the depart-
ment itself, that no other answer could be returned
by the Executive. He did not think it right to pass
a resolution calling upon the department for infor-
mation already derived from it; he should therefore
vote against the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BENTON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted in the affirma-
tive—yeas 2G, nays 12, ss follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Crafts, Crittenden, Fulton, Henderson, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Mangum, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, White, Wilcox, William?,
Woodbridge, Woodbury, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Berrien, Clayton, Conrad,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Merrick, Miller, Moiehead, and
Phelps—12.
Engrossed bill, emitted "An act authorizing the
relinquishment of sixteenth sections granted for the
use of schools, and to enter other lands in lieu
thereof," was read ihe third time, and passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolutions, which were adopted.
Heaolved, That the Committee on Naval Afl'.nrn be instruct-
ed to inquiie into the expediency of clouting, in the Stale of
Kentucky, an agency lor thu purchase, anil an establishment
for the manufacture, of American water-rotted hemp, for the
use of the navy of the United States; and to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a navy-yard at some suitable place on
the Ohio or Mississippi rivers.
Resolved, That the repoil of the Secretaiy of the Navy,
made on the — instant, in relation to the nianulactuieofhenip,
be referred to the Committee on Naval Allans.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made some remarks, .show-
ing that the cultivation and manufacture of hemp
was a subject of great interest, not only to his con-
stituents, but to the whole country; and aprealed to
the committee to which the subject was referred, to
give it a full investigation.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented several memo-
rials from the city of Now York, against the repeal
of the bankrupt law; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved the printing of IOO
copies extra of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy upon the subject of ihs cultivation and man-
ufacture of hemp; which report, he said, contained
much informa'iun valuable to the growers of that
article.
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested 1,500 copies;
which suggestion was yii lded to, and that number
was ordered to be printed.
Engrossed bill entitled "An act in relation to do-
nations of land to certain persons in Arkansas,"
■was read the third time, and passed.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
The bill introduced by Mr. Linn, to indemnify
General Jackson for the fine imposed on him at
New Orleans while in the discharga of his official
duty, came up for consideration, as in committee
of the whole; and tin-re being no motion to amend,
it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. LINN suggested-the propriety of immedi-
ately putting the bill upon its third reading; and,
if there was a disposition on the part of any Sena-
tor to oppose it, the opposition could be made after
it had received its third reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN saw no good reason for
exempting this bill from the usual course of legis-
lation; and moved its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
This motion led to* a very interesting and ani-
mated debate, in which Messrs CRITTENDEN,
LINN, HUNTINGTON, BAYARD, BUCH-
ANAN, ALLEN, WRIGHT, and CONRAD
participated, to so late an hour that it was impos-
sible to write it out for this evening's paper, even if
there had been room for its admission. The bill
was finally postponed till Tuesday next.
Mr. CONRAD presented to the Senate a copy
of ihe record of the trial of General Jackson'at
New Orleans, which was made out thirty years
ago, by the then clerk of the court. It was,
On motion of Mr. LINN, ordered to be printed
for the use of the Seaate.
The civil and diplomatic bill was ihtn read and
referred to the Committee on Finance; after which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 22, 1842.
Mr. THOS. J. CAMPBELL presented a peti-
tion of 420 citizens of McMinn county, Tennes-
see, praying a repeal of the bankrupt law: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHAW presented the petition of Benjamin
Watson, of Newmarket, New Hampshire, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL submitted the memorial
of Mary Reeside, executrix of James Recsule, de-
ceased.
Mr. BREWSTER presented (under the rule)
the petition of ship-owners, merchants, and traders,
of Oswego, New York, asking that drawback may
be allowed on goods exported from this country to
Canada: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the report of a special committee of the
Legislative Assembly of Canada, on the subject of
a free trade with Great Britain in the agricultural
productions of British North America, and of a
protection to those productions from the competi-
tion of foreigners in the colonial and home mar-
kets, including the memorial of the colonial com-
mittee and the despatch of Lord Stanly: referred to
the same committee.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY asked the House to take
up a .vmall bill from the Senate,, to authorize the is-
suing of a new register to, and to change the name
of, the packet ship Westthester to that of the Atlan-
tic, of New York. He said the vessel now lay in
the port of New York, at a great expense, being
unable to sail until this bill was passed.
The bill was taken up, read three several times,
and paised.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS presented the proceed-
ings of the board of mayor and aldermen of the
city of Memphis, Tennessee, on the subject of the
establishment of a Western armory and naval de-
pot and dock-yard at Memphis; together with the
report of Colonel D. Morrison, civil engineer; the
report of the committee appointed by the board
&c. &c.
He then moved that it be printed. [It was a
pamphlet of some 22 pages, with accompanying
maps and profile.]
Objections were made in vaiious quarters.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the rule* be sus-
pended, to enable him to get in his motion; but ihe.
House refused its assent.
THE GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had been much press-
ed to urge upon the House Ihe necessity of dispo-
sing of ihe geneial appropriation bill. To-morrow
and Saturday were set apart for ibe bu.-irsesi on
the private calendar, and at the other end of Ihe
avenue there was a great want of the money
which this bill would appropriate; he therefore
asked the House to go inio Commitlea of the
Whole on the bill entitled "A bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expense, of
the Government for the half calendar year ending
the 30th day of June, 1842."
Mr. STANLY suggested to the gentleman from
New York that it would be necessary to fa some
time for terminating debate on this bill; otherwise
it might be run on to an unnecessary length.
Mr. FILLMORE assented; and moved a reso-
lution fixing 2 o'clock this day to termina'e delate
in Committee of the Whole on this bill.
The motion wat agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE then renewed his motion that
the House go into Committee of the Whole on ihe
state of the Union on this bill.
The motion was agreed to, and. Mr. Bkjggs took
the Chair.
Mr. BURNELL was entitled to the floor from
the last day on which this bill was in Committee of
the Whole, on the pending question to reduce the
appropriation from $50,000 to $20,000, on the mo-
tion of Mr. Gilmer. H« first glanced at the im-
portance of this last survey—not a particular, but
a general importance to the South and to the West,
as well as to the East and to ihe North. In this
point of view he confessed he had been not a lit-
tle surprised at the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Reynolds] in the discussion of this
question the other day. The sea was the great
highway in which every part of this country was
interested: there might, with some gentlemen, be
a peculiar interest in the prolongation and main-
tenance of the Cumberland road; but there was a
general interest in the removal of the obstructions
that existed in this great highway of the national
commerce, or the discovery of their precise posi-
tion; whether at the commencement of the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi, or the Balize, at New Or-
leans, or at any other point of their coast. But now
the proposition wa* virtually to abandon the survey,
by cutting down the appropriation from $50,000
to $20,000, the usual annual appropriation having
been #100,000; and this was put on the ground of
economy—an economy which would be a saving at
the spigot, and a loss at the bunghole. On what
sort of principle did gentlemen put this case? In
some quarters, gentlemen had taken an abstraction
—and on that abstraction the question had been
put, whether the lives and tho property of their
countrymen, to an illimitable extent, should be pro-
tected; or whether that immense interest should be
sacrified, for the purpose of saving an insignificant
number of dollars in the treasury. He might ask,
where was it that the money in the treasury itself was
raised, if it wa^ noi from the resourecs which com-
merce creates? But it had been said that the com-
mittee ought not to make any appropriation, so
long as the Government could get along without it.
Why, whatever might become of the people, the
Government could get along without the Cum-
berland road; or if the whole of the river
Mississippi were choked up wiih snags; or
if every l'ght.house on the coast were extin-
guished. The argument was in favor of econ-
omy; and the trade of a great nation was to
be put against a few thousand dollars in the treas-
ury ! Why did they want the snags taken out of
ihe Mississippi? And here he would direct the at-
tention of the committee to the recently received
relations of the destiuction of property in the
western district of this country; and he would tell
the genilemen from the West, that he, as a North-
ern man, wished to see the Western gentlemen
bring forward their bills, and he should be treach-
erous to his constituents if he did not stand by and
see the obstructions to Western navigation all re-
moved. That was the ground on which he stood
as one of thin naiional committee. Now, during
the last seventeen months, there had been sixty-
nine vessels wrecked on the Mississippi, in conse-
quence of obstructions to its navigation; and yet
ihe gentleman from Virginia had proposed to re-
duce the appropriation for the coast survey from
$50,000 to $20,000; and he would reduce it to
$10,000 if he could have his own way. Why,
those wrecked vessels were, perhaps, worth
§10,000; but the Government could get on, ac-
cording to some gentlemen, without the removal
of the snags from the river !
Again: look at the seaboard at the other end of
the great natural highway. Why, within a very
limited period, 575 souUhsd gone down to a watery
death, never to rise again. He couM not tell them
the amount of property which had been lost on that
coast, but it was immense; and discoveries had been
made by this coast survty which were of the ut-
most importance to navigation and the preserva-
tion of commerce, though they might be deemed
of no importance to the Government. He con-
fessed he was sorry to tear such narrow views ex-
pressed as those to wbish he had been alluding and
made, too, by gentlemen to whom this survey was
important, although, in their native #ounties, they
did not hear the raging of the storm. He co«14
