CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
72
Oae instance of Mr. Hassler's want of temper,
and disrespect to Congress, he would mention. The
committee, anxi&us to ascertain when the charts of
the surveys that bad been made could be published,
with the cost of them, inquired of the engraver
who was summoned bef. re tbem, what the cost of
engraving them would be. He answered, that he
could not tell without seeing the manuscript charts:
Upon this, the committee addressed a letter to Mr.
H., which was seat by the engraver, requesting
hitn to permit that gentleman to see the charts, and
telling him the purpose for which they were to be
inspected. The engraver came back to the com-
mittee-room, and said that Mr. H. refused to let
htm see the charts, and had used language, both
towards the committee and Congress, so exceeding-
ly disrespectful, that he would not like to repeat it.
This would be sufficient to show the temper of this
Galileo, who was always courting inquiry, and,
when it was instituted, loudly complained about
persecution. Here was a letter from Mr. H., in
reply to the rfspectful note addressed to him by the
committee, which he would ask the Clerk to read,
in order to show the temper of this man, and the
disrespectful manner in which he treated a com-
mittee of the House.
Mr. WISE objected to the reading of that letter.
It was a part of the journal of the committee; and
he, as a member of the ccmmiuee, protested against
the reading of any part of its journal, unless all
the members of the committee had access to it, to
make a report.
Mr. MALLORY said that the papers Of ihe
committee had parsed freely about from member
to member; and Mr. Hassler himt-eU had been
permitted to take a copy of his evidence, for the
purpose of explaining if; though, in doirg so, he
made about ion lines A,r every < ne of h\s testi-
mony, aad confused it  o that it wouW lake a
Philadelphia lawyer to nndersiand it. He would
not, however, violate the lulesof the Mouse by
reading the letter, though it would seem but fair
that he should be permitted to do what oihcr gen-
tlemen had done in ihc eourse of the debate. Hi&
colleague, the other day, in his remarks, made u^e
of testimony that way before the committee; and
the friends of Mr. Hasslcr had made use of infor-
mation derived from the oflicers ot the coast Mir-
vey.
[Here several gentlemen called for the reading of
the letter; and it was read, as follows:
Washing i on, May HO, 1812.
Bin The unprovoked insult olWed to me by sending (ho
engraver Stone 10 muto liispcct the woik ol the coast survey
in the inrip of New Vork, is urn mudi, as well lor tho
powers of the oonnmMw', as for llto feulingH of an honest man.
You know that llie m<«ps of (ho coast survey cannot be en-
graved hut in tho oilico undot my uvvn inspection. You know
tW die map in question is ahvudy cut up in plates, two nt
•which are under the engraver's hand* nearly finished, two
others juat beginning, lor two more (ho drawing is newly
finisht-d, and two more aio hall finished drawings,
You know that the engraver Stone is in 110 way qualified to
do such work, nor that! could be made responsible (ov .my ot-
itis doings. Hence you canrototherwise but conclude that the
measure you begin "in destructive to the work, theiefoie to the
execution and expenses hitherto inclined, therefore dmcfly
opposite to the aim proteased by Uie committee to favor the
coast survey work.
No man can expect that j, who am answerable im the woik,
could be compelled to give the final execution in the hands ot a
man m whom 1 have not ihc slightest reason to have any t.ouii-
dence whatever.
I consider the sendme of Stone iomspucl my itoiK\ an hi said
first,on unmmtfd mvt/K; d\u\ I am cotuun that every mem
ber of the committee, pUced in my Piiuaiion, would con-odor
U so.
With best respect and good wishes,
Your obediont servant,
F. R HASSU'U.
Hon. Francis Mali/ rv,
Chairman of the Committee on the t'oasi Survpy.
Here was a specimen (Mr. M. said) of the tem-
per and ability of this Gaileo, «hr> reminded him
of Paracelsus of old, the greatest boasier of the
age he livfd in. This eropvric said that he had
discovered an elixir, the drinking of which would
render a man immortal; yet he died with a vial of
it in his pocket.
Now, as he had but linle time left him, hp
would give the reasons ixhy he thougot the supe:-
intendence Of this coast iiirvey shorld bi placed in
other hand?. Though Mr. 3.5. had been fcr such a
number of years employed in this work, no part of
the survey was yet complete. When the commit-
tee examined him, they found that there had been
no deep sounding* from Point Judith to the Dela-
ware; and when questioned on that subject, he an-
swered that it could not be done unless Congress
would make an additional appropriation of one
hundred thousand dollars. He said that he had
discovered great errors in Bowditch and the
American Almanac as to the latitude and lon-
gitude of several parts of the coast; and yet
he has not made them public, so that his
discoveries are of no manner of benefit to nav-
igators. Then, as to the Gedney channel, for which
so much credit has been given him on that floor.
Why, he did not discover i'. It was discovered by
Capt. Gedney, an officer of the navv, and though
it was discovered as long ago as 1835, it was not
yet published. Then the famous shoal in the Del-
aware, of which so much was said by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,]
was discovered three years ago, and no chart of it
has yet been published. One great objection to
him was the slow progress he had made in the
work, and the probability that it would he equally
slow m future. We have a coast of 3,000 miles
in extent, and only 300 of it has yet been survey-
ed. Now, any school boy, with his slate, could cal-
culate that, if it took ten years to so round 300
miles, it would take one hundred years logo round
3,000. None but a Rosicrucian, therefor, could
expect to see the completion ot the work. Whether
it was to cost two or twenty millions, no man could
tell. When Mr. Hatsler was asked that question, he
could give no information on the subject. In con-
clusion, Mr. M. said that the direction of the woik
ought to be changed. It oacht to he placed under
the charge of the officers of the arm;-1 and navy;
,and, by this means, a saving could be effected of
#40,000 a year.
The hour having arrived at which, by the reso-
lution adopted this- morning, the debate was to
terminate, Mr. M. was cut short in his remarks,
and took his seat.
Mr. GILMER, then modified his resolution by
substituting $10,000 for $10 000, so as to strike out
$50,000 and insert $10,000.
Mr. SPR1GG asked if it would be in order to
move a division of the question.
The CHAIR said that it would not.
Mr. TRIPLET!' inquired what course gentle-
men were to lake who wanted the appropriation
stricksn out altogether. He did not want to vote
a cent.
The CHAIR said that, afier the quetion was
laki n on the pending motion, it would be in
order to move to strike out the whole clause.
The question was then iak:n by tellers, (Messrs.
Weli.kr and Tiuplktt,) on Mr. Gilmer's mo-
tion, and earned—ayes 82, noes 63.
So the appropriation was reduced from $50,000
to $10,000.
Mr. GWIN then moved to strike out the whole
clause making an appropriation for th>- coast sur-
vey; and the question having be-n taken by tells-is,
(Messrs. Black and C. J. Inoer oll) was carried—
ayes 79, noes G4.
So the appropriation for the coast survey was
stricken out.
Mr. TILLING HAST offered an amendment,
appifpriating $5,000 for preparing and publishing
an account of the exploring expedition; which was
adopted.
Mr SPRIGG moved to strike out the appro-
priation of $25,000 for the custom-house at Bos.
ton: rejected—ayes 47, noes- not counted.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana offered an amend-
ment, to come in after the clause providing for mis-
cellaneous claims, that no part of that sum should
be applied to the furnishing the new c.usk m hot^e
at the city of New York: carried—ayes 64,
noes 62.
The clauce making appropriations for light-
houses bavins been re.-sd and concurred ill—
Mr SPR1GCJ offered an amendment, providing
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause an
account lobe Kept of all the expenditures, of every
description whatsoever, in lelation to light-houses;
and that he report the same annually to Ocngres-;:
rejected—-ayes 55, no;s 71
Mr. McKEON moved to strike out the appro-
priation for- the pay of ministers to Prussia, Aus«
tiia, Spain, and Brazil: lost without a count.
Mr. McKEON moved to strike out the whole
clause making an appropriation for the salaries of
charges des affaires to Portugal,-Denmark, Swe-
den Holland, Belgium, Chili, Peru. Venezuela,
New Grenada, Texas, Naples, and Sardinia: lost
without a division.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered an amendment
appropriating $5,000 for the pay of a commercial
agent to Europe: rejected.
[The reporter has been furnished by Mr. Inger-
soll with the following, as the substance of the re-
marks he would have made, had he not been pro-
hibited from doing eo by the resolution which cut
off further debate on the bill.]
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hardly expected his
motion to succeed, because the project was novel,
involving expense, and a new office. Yet he would
explain why he was convinced it ought; believing
that, eventually, it would; for the more it came
to be considered, the greater favor it would find.
The productive interest of this great country lis
immense, and may be much improved by Govern-
ment. During the current year, Hvo million t\rt)
hundred ihou>and bales of cotton, incalculable
quantities of grain, meat, coal, lumber, and other
sta; les, have sprung from ihe soil, craving con-
sumes s. They are all cheap be} ond former expe-
rience. While supei abundant feere, there is crying
want of them in ether countries. We have a vast
deal more than we can consume, while they want
a vau deal more than they can get, merely because
commercial restrictions prerent our supplying them,
and thereby greatly augmenting our navigating
wealth, too.
What I propose is a cheap and rational endea-
vor to promote an object so desirable, by a com-
mercial agency—national, but not political—pro-
ductive, not diplomatic—a foreign miniier, to rep-
resent abroad not the Government, but the produce
of the United Slates—the cotton, grain, meats,
coal, rice, lumber, and whatever else our teeming
mother earth annually brings forth for the comfort
of mankind, to clothe, feed, warm, and make them
happy. This House did originate such a minister
for ( ne staple—tobacco; and the minister plenipo-
tentiary of the United States to Austria i*, in fact,
nothing more than a tobacco agent. All our for-
eign ministers are, indeed, but commercial agents;
an.t what I propose is, to aid them by an attorney
ad hoc, whose sole, business shall be to remove the
obstacles to more extended American commerce,
by demonstrating to foreign Governments—and,
more ihan Government!-, by convincing foreign
nations—that it is their interest ri'-t to let their peo-
ple suffer while we can tasily and cheaply prevent
it. Our political fo;uan ministers are well enough
in their orbits; though we have too many little
one". But what we want is not politicians, or even
statesmen; but practical men of business, without
the parade or restraint of diplomacy, yet with the
recommendation and support of Government, to
enlighten the understanding, and enlist the interests
of other countries—to awaken their minds to the
demonstrable policy of improving their condition,
by connecting it with what \xe have and they have
not, fairly exchanged for what they have more
than we. Foreign polit'cal ministers alone cannot
do this: consuls snll less. They are both station-
ary—the consuli without salaries, mostly mer-
chants, having ibeir livelihood to earn. What we
want is intelligent men, to go everywhere, mix;
informally with sll classes, aet in every proper
way on publie opinion, break inveterate habits and
prejudices, and brii g about convictions undoubt-
edly rational.
Perhaps twice as much cotton as is raised in the
United States cooJd be wrought in France and Ger-
many, whete the cheap labor, the ingenious handi-
crsfs, the tasie end scientific knowledge, exceed
tbo.se of England; snd the filations and industrial
progress of both those great countries, and ia
developments as energetic as those ot Great Britain,
from 1810 to 1830; and in neither France nor Ger-
many has American cotton any rival home-inter-
est, such as English India. The late German
trade union—called, I believe, Zoll Verein—has, no
doubt, no*, escaped the attention ol our Govern-
