78
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment, where Prussian, Austrian, and perhaps other
ministers must be alive to its vast importance to
American commerce. But such ministers, with
their formal correspondence, cannot s-ee all that
the occasion calls for. This is the moment of uni-
versal peace and universal struggle for productive
independence of British manufacturing supremacy.
We ought to strain every nerve for our share of the
wealth of nations. We ought to have special,
informal agencies to recommend, explain, and in-
troduce our staples. A friendly feelmg is said to
exist in Germany towards our intercourse. It cer-
tainly did in France; and even yet does, notwith-
standing our late most ifl-advired acts of Congress
to alienate the French. The consumption of our
rice has considerably increased through the north-
em German port?, I believe, since, by mutual con-
cessions, we have cultivated more dealings with
them. The same thing may be done for cotton,
coal, meats, grain, and lumber, wiih Germany,
.•France, and England too, by similar means. The
increased consumption of our cotton might be im-
mense. But we must act with all our faculties 
„ by commercial as well as diplomatic insirumentai-
ty—and do it without delay. Wow is the very
time, when all Europe is casting about to remodel
their industry, with all good will, to cultivate our
acquaintance; and we are groaning with excessive
production, clamoiing for consumers. Habit in
Europe is an umpire we have no idea of, which it
requires revolution to cliange; and we must not
let those great customers acquire the habit of u«itig
Egyptian, South American, or East India cotton,
inferior to ours. We can beat them all easily, at
any price. And so of several other great staples.
Reciprocal commercial concessions would soon
work miracles for us in all the countries of Kurope,
just now shaking off the English yoke. But, for
this accomplishment we mu;t not rely on our for-
eign ministers, or consul-, or merchants atone.
Government must interpose by special agency to
dispel prejudice, impress information, enlighten
public tentiment, (especially the press,) and by all
fair, open, and active action, carry conviction home
upon communities.
Sec what the late English Unties act has done
in the way vi awakening them to th*? .idvantage of
being suppl.rd with Am-iicau me,it. And rot
ouly Great Britain, but Fiance may be supplied
with it. Pork, for instance, worth 3 or 4 Cfrjls a
pound in Cincinnati, would bung tiom 13 to 16
in Lyons or Toulon, a*, well a- London am! Dub-
lin Of the nine hundred thou.and people of Pans
and two miilion^of London, many thousands are
half surved because they cannot pay Ja cents ior
pork we can fell them at six. The whole West-
ern country, with its inexhaustible productions of
food and clothing, is vitally interested in the meas-
ure I propose.
American cott«n—the mightiest of staples be-
fore which even iron is eclipsed—hitherto'the' sun
of the world of industry—may be readily made to
supersede Egyptian, South American, and East In.
dm cotton, which, for coarse fabrics, is n>ed in
France, G<rmai)y, and Switzerland; but, to do
that, kabil must be oveieome. Egyptian cotton
introduced mostly through French ports, has had'
considerable fooihold m many parts of Europe
The ascertained con.-umpiion, the kinds preferred
and the quantity and quality that might be wanted'
regularly publish* d by aa American agent ad hoc
would b* reliable inior-i-aiioi. to oar cotton-grow-
ers, aloi e worth much more than all th-> coct of
the agency i propo e. Merchant1: Iti.uvf that mer-
cantile prices curient arc oft-n published, and cir-
culars d':seminbted, to conceal, not tell the truth
for the benefit of speculator*,. Fine North Ameri-
can cotton, which cannot be rivalled by Eri m
Biazil, or Ir.dia, is to elo'he men, tnip , and dwell-
ings throughout the world, and render it tribu--"v
to this country, if it will but do ja.-Uce to ihat ines-
timable production, of which even the various u-cs
yet remain to be discovered. The agency ivo-
posed should bend its whole force to the e-ca'er
establishment of this; and might, at least, double
our export of it.
Another American growth may, I think, br fa-
miliarized to European adoption—stone coal! The
industry of France is cramped for want of fuel.
There is none but very inferior wood, eosting at
Paris about $18 the cord. English coal is subject-
ed to a heavy export duty before it leaves England,
and a heavy impost in France; so that it is not
used there. Coal from Belgium is taken to Frarce;
but it is not near as good, or, I believe, as cheap as
our coal. It is bituminous. What French coal
there may be is inaccessible, for waot of roads and
canals to it. Now, Pennsylvania coal, if taken to
France as ballast, might be delivered there at less
than one-third of the price of French fire-wood; and*
if even paying freight, at about one-half, I sup-
pose—at from five dollars to eight dollars the ton.
Connected with cotton, what a prodigious impulse
it might give to French industry 1 I have long
thought that the coal-miners, or even the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, ought to send a eoal agent to
France, without waiting the action of Congress.
But the commercial agency I propose would em-
brace all our staples—cotton, coal, grain, meat,
rice, lumber, and others.
I have not mentioned tobacco, because I believe
it would be by far the most difficult to get intro-
duced freely. But there is no reason why the com-
mercial agency suggested should not embrace to-
bacco with the rest.
It is not necessary to point out the advantages of
such commercial extension to navigation. But it
ought to be added, that its success would be the
best remedy for the evils of the bad currency,
which all agree we suffer under.
I have but sketched what might be drawn at
large. It would be easy to carry these views much
further, to explain their intimate connexion wiih
our currency—our very Union itself. But I omit
much that might be presented, confining myself to
the shortest intimation of what I am sure the
more it is thought of, the more convincing it will
prove, when abler and more practical mmds than
mine come lo consider it. American cotton, coal,
grain, rice, meat, lumber—all the principal staples
of this teeming country, need but foreign markets
for their exports to be increased beyond belief.
They are as much needed abroad as they are su-
perabundant at home. A few thousand dollars—
not more than a very few days of debate, or even
of adjournment of Congress, cost—would amply
pay a special agent, (or more than one, if deemed
advisable,) to visit the capitals and other proper
places of Europe, openly and freely to enlighten
public sentiment, enlist private interest, incline
Governments, inform the press, and prevail on
nations to cultivate a greater commercial inter-
course than now exists with this people. We
have been, I think, extremely remiss in this en-
deavor. I took the liberty of mentioning it per-
sonally to the last administration, I have taken the
same liberty with tbe present; without much
encouragement from either. 1 now lay it be-
fore Congress and before the country, hard-
ly flattering myself that it will have immediate
acceptance; but well assured that ihe more it is
thought of, the more favor it wilt find One euch
agent as is contemplated for a sum insignificant in
amount, if properly selected—no pariy hack or
mere personal favorite—may render more public
sfrvice than two-thirds of the diplomatic instru-
merits we maintain abroad. Mr. I. concluded by
invoking the aid of those represcntitsg the inter-
ests; ol cotton, and coal, and grain, and meat on
the tlnor, to support his motion. It asks for a very
small sum, which, even if all his notions on the
subject were unbound, would be less than is con-
tinually paid for printing some useless document or
paying some undeserving applicant. If even par-
tially successful, its results would be inestimably
valuable. It is a kind of cheap utilitarian mission
more deserving of attention than all the sham
diplomacy we send abroad. If this plan had been
recommended by the Executive, and introduced by
a committee heralded by a report, there would be
no doubt of its adoption. The Committee of the
Whole would determine whether an individual
effort, without any such advantages, is deserving of
support. °
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS moved to add an ap-
propriation for the salary of the consul at Beyrouf
in Syria, $500: rejected without a division. '
Mr. MERIWETHER offered the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted, That no part of any appropriation
hereby made, shall be transferred to any other object than that
for which it ia specifically appropriated.
Rejected.
Mr. McKENNAN submitted tbe following
amendment:
Provided, further, That it shall not be lawful for any clerk
appointed after the commencement of the present session of
Congress to be allowed or paid outof any moneys appropriated
by this act, only at the lowest rate of salary authorized by law
to the clerkships in the office where such clerk may be so ap-
pointed : And prodded, further, That the senior efficient,
experienced clerks in office previously to the commencement
of the present session of Congress shall be allowed and paid at
the higher rates of salary, according to their seniority in office,
and their efficiency and experience in the business of the office
wherein they are employed, and of which efficiency and expe-
rience the immediate head thereof shall judge and'determine.
Rrjtcted without a count.
On motion byMr. FILLMORE, the bill was fur-
ther amended by inserting an appropriation for the
contingent expenses of the bureau of navy yards
and docks, $250.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the committee
then rose, and reported the bill to the House as
amended.
Mr. YORKE moved the previous question; which
motion prevailed, and the House immediately pro-
ceeded to vote upon the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays on con-
curring with the committee in striking out the ap-
propriation of $50,000 for the coast survey under
Hassler's superintendence; and they were or-
dered.
The House concurred by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. LandafF W. Andrews, Sherlock J. An-
drews, Arnold, Arrington, Atherton, Aycris'g, Babcock, Bee-
son, Bidlack, Black, Boardman, Botts, Boyd, Brewster, Bran-
son, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Burke,
William Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell.
Patrick C. Caldwell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden, Clifford,
James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cravens, Cross?
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, "Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doi<*,
Eastman, Egbert, Fessenden, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd,
A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Gog-
gin, William O Goode, Giaham, Green, Guatine, Gwin, Har-
ris, Hays, Ilouck, Houston, Ilubard, Hunter, Jack, Andrew
Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefield, Abraham McClellan, McKay.
Marchand, Thomas F. Maishall, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Meditl, Menwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan. Mor-
ris, Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Patridgc, Payne, =Plumer,
Ramsey, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rlggs, Rogers,
William Russell, Shaw, Shields, Slade, Snyder, Sellers Sprigs',.
Stokely, Alexander H Ii. Stuart, John T. Stuart, John B,
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Triplett, Trotti, Turney, Ward.
Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, Joseph L. White, Christophev
II. Williams, and Yorke—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Baker, Barton, Birdseye*
Blair, Borden, Bowne, Briggs, Burnell, Calhoun. John Camp-
bell, Gary, Childs, John C Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Clinton,
Co es, Cranston, Gushing, Daniel, Dawson, Everett, Ferris.
Fillmore, Fuinance, Gates, Giddinffs, Patrick G. Goode, Gor-
don, Granger, Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Charles J.
itigersoll, 'Joseph R Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W Ir-
win, William Cost Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac D. Jones*
Kcitn, John P. Kennedy, Kins, Linn, Lowell, Robert McClel-
lan, AIcKennan, McKcon, Alfred Marshall, Miller, Morrow
iarmenter, Pendleton, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall!
Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, James M. Russell
fcaltonstall, Sanford, Truman Smith, Stanly, Summers, Sum-
¥;':i ,fnroj R'chard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Irumbnll, Underwood, Van Buren, Wallace, Warren, Wash-
ington . Thomas W, Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthron,
Wise, Wood, Augustus Young, and John Yovmg-84.
The amendment of the committee reducing the
appropriation for the contingent expenses of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery to $-200, was non-
concurred in.
The remaining amendments were concurred in.
Mr. C, J. INGERSOLL attempted to get in aa
amendment reducing the appropriation for the Ju-
diciary; but
The SPEAKER ruled him out of order inas^
much as the previous question had been ordered
The engrossment of the bill was then ordered.
^'^LMORE asked the unanimous consent
oi the House to have the question now taken on
its passage.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
OHIO RIVER.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN offered the following reso-
luuon; which was adopted:
reftSi0,1'""*' That,tllc Secretary of War be, and is hereby di.
rected to cause to be communicated to the House of Represent
?t;ma3 s?°" M «>?venieut, f'B report by Captain Geom W*
Hughes, of the tmiled States corps of tono^rmJuVai •*
neers,ofhislate reconnoissance-d.nl survey of the Ohio river?'"
The SPEAKER submitted a number of Execu-
tive communication!, as follows;
