CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70
1. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting tb« report of F. R. Hassler, up-
on the progress of the coast survey; also, a report
upon the subjact of the standard weights and meas-
ures: referred to the Select Committee.
2. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering the annual report and list of insol-
vent debtors in the United Stales: referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
3. A communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, in answer to the resolution of the House,
passed 17ih December, calling for information in
relation to the dry dock contemplated at Brooklyn:
referred to the Committee on Naval A/fairs.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the communica-
tion be a.'so printed.
"Which motion was opposed by Mr. WISE.
After debate, it was carrieJ—ayes 83, noes not
counted.
COAST SURVEY BY NAVY OFFICERS.
Mr. MERIWETHER, offered the following res-
olution:
Resolvady That the Select Committee on tho Coast Survey
inquire into the propriety of dispensing with the topographical
suiveyof the same; of limiting the number of persons (inclu-
ding the superintendents and assistants) engaged therein; and
of employing officers of the navy in the same.
Mr. WISE remarked, that all that was embraced
in the resolution was now under consideration by
the select csmmittee raised at the last session, and
costinued at the present. He pledged himself, as
a member of that committee, to investiga'e the
whole subject, and to summon every topographical
engineer in the city te testify; and he ventured to
say, that if all the testimony already taken had
been read, the House would not have come to such
a vote as it did to-day, when the whole appropria-
tion for ibe survey was stricken out.
Mr. EVERETT was of opinion that a blow had
been to-day struck at the coast.survey, from which
he doubled if it ever would survive. BesMfs the in-
trinsic usefulness of sucb a survey to the country,
it was due to our national pride that it should be.
kept up, and the United States thereby contribute
its share to the science of the world. He then
commented upon the; evil effects which would flow
from the casting a suspicion abroad that Mr.
Hassler was a humbug. Such a courte would, he
thought, destroy U12 efficiency of any fucce.ssor
who might be appointed in rc-uscitating the work.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said the Iluusc bad
struck no blow at the coast survey, as was assert-
ed by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] anil
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Everett,]
it had only decided that it would relieve ihe tieas-
ury of the country from an annual expenditure of
one hundred thousand dollars, .-.ncl the survey from
the paralyzing influence of a superannuated super-
intendent *nd his corps, and place the whole under
the officers of the navy and army of the Untied
Stales, where it ought always to have been. It' the
Government had no oflicers in i(s navy and army
capable of carrying on the work, it was time it
had; and which, if it had not, it could soou got.
He hoped, therefore, that the resolution of lhe gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Meriwether] would
be adopted; and that ihccomraillee wouid introduce
a bill, at an eaily day, pi icing this important wotk
under the charge of ihe i'lc.ident of the United
States, to be conducted by officers of the navy and
of the top"graphical engineers of the auny—of
those officers that the Government had been edu-
cating, at a large expenoe, for forty jeart.
had not tho least doubt bu', under them, the survey
would be as well done, and far more expeditiously,
than under Mr. Hasoler.
Mr. WISE would merely say that our engi-
neers, from Abort and Tottsn down, would all de-
clare that they were not so competent as Hassler;
and not only that, but also that no other man could
be found as competent.
Mr. MERIWETHER ?;ud, it wa's true h?
voted against ths appropriation to-day, ami lie
could tell tho gentleman from Vermont [Mr Ev-
erett] that if a blow had been struck at the ceas!
survey, ss conducted by Mr, Hassler, he Ttas glad
ibat he had been enabled to assist in striking tbet
blow.
Fie did not believe that thete was a greater ham-
bug in the country th&ft this same Mr. Hassler.
He was disposed to carry on the survey, because
his constituents were interested in it;.- but they
wanted it completed before the next century. Un-
der present auspices, there was no prospect of ac-
complishing such a design.
The question was then taken upon the resolution,
and it was adopted.
After which, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 23,1842.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of the
heirs of Robert Fulton; which, in connexion with
the papers on the files of the Senate relating to the
claim, was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from the
president and directors .of the Patriotic Bank of
Washington, praying an extension of their charter;
which was referred to the Committee on ihe Dis-
trict of Columbia,
Mr. BAYARD presented memorials from the
president and directors of the Bank of Potomac,
and the Farmers' Bank of Alexandria, praying for
an extension of their charters, respectively; which
were referred to the Committee on Ihe District of
Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of leave to introduce
a bill to establish naval schools.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a memorial from
certain citizens of Otiowa, Illinois, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Ottowa, via Mid-
dle Point, to Napierville, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, it was ordered that
tbe petition of the heirs of George C. Johnson be
taken from the files, and referred lo the Committee
oil Indian Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
manufacturers of furred hats in Harrisburg, Penn.,
praying Congress to give ihem incidental protec-
tion, by removing ihe 25 per cint. duly imposed on
imported furs by the lanff of last session: referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, it wa; ordered
that the pi tition and papers of Charles ML Keller
he taken from tbe files of ihe Senate, and reiir-
rcd to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
ordered that the pap::rsof Chailrs Kohler be taken
from iho files of the. Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS, from Iho Committee on Finance,
icporifd back, without amendment, House bill en-
li led "An set making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Hie Government fi.r the
half calendar year ending the oOlh day of June,
1842." m
Mr. E. gave notice that, if agreeable lo the
Senate, he would, at 1 o'clock, move lo go into the
o. nsideration of this bill.
Also reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, Senate bill to regulate the cur-
rency of ihe t'oieijn gold and silver coins.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, Senate bill to
regulate the comner.-ation to pern,Km agents.
Al o repoited back, from tho same committee,
without amendment, SiMiato hill to continue the of-
fice of Coitmis-hioner of Peru,ions.
Mr. McROBERTS, from the Committee on the
Pos.1 Office ae.d Post Roads, rejtoiteJ back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass, lha bill for the relief of the Nantuckct
S'teambfiat Company.
Mr SEVIER, on leave, introduced a bill for to a
r lief of the persons residing vitbin Ihe repuird
limits of the Spates of Arkansas and Louisiana,
b yond the b"undary line bdwern the United
O'atesaud ihe Republic of Texas, as established by
ihe commissioners appointed to ascertain the san.c;
which was re-.d twicc, and referred to the Com-
•fruitee on lha Judiciary.
Messrs TALLMADGE and PORTER present,
ed rnemi rials from the city of New York, rem<v>
strating against the repeal of the bankrupt a.j;
which were referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to in-
form the Senate whether or not any pensions for disability to
officers, seamen, and marines, while m the service and receiv-
ing pay, have been paid since August 16, 1841; and if any,
wnat has been the amount thus paid, and under what law such
payments have been made, since the passage of the act of
July 16,1811.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the petition of
James Rundler, praying indemnity for losses by
the depreciation of funds paid him for supplies fur-
nished the Government during the laie war; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. W. also presented documents in rdation to
the claim of William Russell for fishing bounty;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
tQcrc6i
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Madame De Lusser; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to thf Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, introduced a bill for ihe relief of Elizabeth
Munroe; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill for the relief of Cdpt. J. Throckmor-
ton; which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON, on leave, introduced a bill
to confirm the survey and location of claims to
land in the Slate of Mississippi, east of Pearl river,
and south of Ihe thirty-first degree of north latitude;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Land*. t
Also, introduced a joint-resolution aphorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury lo settle, on certain
terms, the liabilities of the sureties of Gordon D.
Boyd, late receiver of public moneys at Columbus,
Mississippi; which was twice read, and referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Bar-
row on yesterday, was taken up and agreed to,
Viz:
Resolved, That Hie Committee on the Public Lands be in-
su uctcd to inquire inui the expediency of guntmg to the State
of Louisiana every al ternato section of (he public lands in the
limits of that State, winch have been returned as not worth the
cost of survey; anil each alternate scctiun of such lands as are
subject to inundation by the overflowing of tbe Mississippi
rivci\on the condition that the paid S;aie construct Invees, by
means of winch said lauds phall be effectually protected, there-
after, from inundation: And provided^ That tlie proceeds of
the sales ol' lands reclaimed by means of such levees, shall bo
exclusively appropiiated by the State of Louisiana lo the ma-
king of roads and the impiovwgof livers and bayous within its
limits.
AFRICAN SQ.UADRON AND QUINTUPLE
TREATY.
The following resolution,
Bknton, way taken up as
orders of the day:
Ilesolocd, That the President be reijtiestcd to inform the Sen-
ate, (it compatible with the public interest,) whether the quin-
tuple tteoty, for the Mippicssmn ot the slave-trade, has
been communicated to the Government of the United States
in any form whatever; and, if so, by whom; for what pur-
po^-e; and what answei may have been returned to such
communication. Also, to communicate to the Senate all the
mfoimation which may have been received by the Govern-
ment of the United States, going to show that the. "course rollick
this Government miqht take in relation to said treaty has
cxciitd no small degree of attention and discussion in Eu«
to)>c ■' Also, to inform the Senate how far tho "warm animad-
vcis..otjs," and "the great political excitement" which this trea-
ty has caused m Europe, have any application or reference to
the United States. Also, to inform tho Senate what danqer
there was that "the laws and the obligations'! of the United
Sutes in relation to the suppiessw-n ol the slave-trad? would
be "executed fty otheii" if we did not "rcmotte the-pretext
and mot<vfi for violating our fiag and executing our laws,**
by e teim? into the stipulations lor the African squadron, and
the i'' nionsirathi:? embassies which aie contained in tho 8th and
0 h avuclcpof ihe la'e British treaty. Also, that the President
bo requested to communicate to t,lie Senate all the correspond-
ence with our mmi.'tei^ ahioad, leiatmg to the foregoing
points of inquiry. Also, that the President be -requested if
communicate to the Senate al! such information upon the
negotiation of the Afucan squadron articles as will show the
oriaiu of said and the history and progress of their
formation
Mr. B. said the resolution presented two distinct
points of inquiry : one in relation to ihe quintuple
ireaty for the suppression of the slave-trade; the
other in relation to the danger of seeing our laws
in rchtionto the suppression of the slave-trade exe-
cuted by others, if we did not execute these laws our-
selves. Boih inquiries arise cut of the President's
message of August last, in which the quintuple trea-
ty is mentioned in a way to authorize the belief that
the conduct of the allied powers has had relation to
submitted by Mr.
one of the special
