80
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United States ; and the danger that others would
execuie cur laws for us, if we did not enter into
the African alliance: and both points were so pre-
sented, as to operate as inducement to the Sesate
to agree to the treaty. At the same time, the evi-
dences of this were not given; the correspondence
shed, no light upon it; and there were no proto-
cols, or minutes of conference, to show what pass-
ed between the British and American negotiators.
Now, these beliefs, thus created, were either found-
ed or not. If founded, and the great powers of
Europe have actually taken cognizance of our
conduct in relation to the slave trade, we,
the people of the United States, ought to know
it; it is due to them to know it. If, not found-
ed, then it is due to Great Britain, Austria, and
Prussia, that they should be absolved from a sus-
picion which the message creates against them.
No one can read the passages in the message with-
out feeling that a belief of interference in our af-
fairs is created against these sovereigns. It is noi
asserted, but they and their conduct are referred to
in a way to excite the belief. If Mr. B. ven-
tured any opinion, it would be, that the imputa-
tion was unfounded; and that all this parade of the
quintuple allies, and the attention—discussion—
animadversion—excitement—which is presented to
us, was merely a scenic representation, to help on
with the ratification cf the treaty. With respect
to the other branch of the inquiry—that in relation
to executing our laws for ns, if we did not execute
them ourselves—he believed that there was such a
threat; that it came from Great Britain; and that
the people had a right to know whether it is true.
As it stands, the message as good as affirms it.
These were Mr. B.'s. reasons for making the
call, and he was taken by surprise to see any ob-
jection to it. But objection was made; and now he
must vindicate his call; and he would do it on
both points of inquiry, and each in their order.
First, as to the quintuple treaty: The Senator
from Virginia supposes thero is noihing to be com-
municated, and therefore resists the caII. Even if
it is so, let the Government say so; let the Govern-
ment say there is noihing to communicate. They
will not say so. They haye already said the con-
trary; and that in a call from the House of Repre-
sentatives. They admit they have a correspond-
ence in relation to this quintuple treaty, and prom-
ise to communicate it at the proper time. Here is
the President's answer, in which the call upon him
is set out—the correspondence admitted—and its
communication postponed to a more suitable time.
Mr. B. then read the answer ot th'i President to
Mr J. Q, Adams's call, m the following words:
To the House of Repi esenialives:
A resolution or the House ol Representatives of die I3ih in-
stant has been communicated to me, lequeaung, "so lar da
may be compatible with the public interest, a copy of the quin-
tuple treaty between the live principal poweis of Europe, for
the suppression of the Alncau elave-tiadc; and, also, copie.1 ot
any remonstrance or protest addressed by Lewis Cass, Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plempotentiaiy ot the United Slates
at the court of Fiance, to that Government, against the ratifica-
tion by France of the said treaty; and of all correspondence be-
tween the Governments of ihc United Stales and of Fiance;
and of all communications from the trud Lewis Cats to Ins own
Government, and fiotn this Govetnmont to him, lelaliii0 thcie-
to.;'
In answer to thii request, 1 have to say thai 1I10 treaty men-
tioned theiem has not hceri officially communicated to the Gov-
eminent (It the United States; and no authentic copy of it, thei.--
fore, can bt, furnished, (n regaid to tiie other papers requested,
although it is my hope and expectation that u will he propel
and convenient, at an early day, to lay (hem befoie Congress, to-
gether with others connectcd with the came snbiecN; yet, in
my opinion, a communication of them to the House of Kepie
eenUtivcs. at tins lime, would not be compatible with the public
inteiest.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, June 20, ld!2.
This shows that there is .-omoihmj; to be con-
stimulated; and certainly this is the proper time for
it. The negotiation is over; and there can be no
reason for delaying the communicaiioii of the cor-
respondence. Mr. B hoped there would be no
further objection to that branch of the inquiry
which his resolution >,rented.
On the second branch oi it—that of ®n execution
of ear laws aad obligations by others, ;f we did not
remove the pretext for this assumption, by entering
into the African alliance. On this branch of the
inquiry, he believed the reasons for having ths :n-
formation which was called for, were strong atd
irresistible. The message clearly presents the case
of a threat sgainst us on the part of Great Britain;
and the question is, Is this true? If true, the coun-
try is insulted—the nation dishoaored—by cowering
under it. I'f untrue, Great Britain is wronged, by
being presented as hectoring over us, when, in
fact, she was not. Taken either way—and we
want the facts—we want to see on what foundation
this part of the message rests. This is the more
necessary, because the correspondence is dead si-
lent—silent as the grave—on all that relates to this
African squadron. Not a word upon it in the one
hundred and twenty pages of correspondence
which was communicated to the Senate, to en-
lighten it upon the formation of the treaty!
There is a head for it, but nothing under the
head! not one word between the two negotia-
tors ! See the document, page 84, and the section
headed "Suppression op the African slave-
trade—extraditios-;" and all in glaring capitals,
as if we were going to see all that passed between
the two negotiators on the point of this suppres-
sion when not a word is to be found. The ex-
tradition—this is to say, the surrender of fugitive
criminals—has one note, of half a page, to say that
this article for the delivery of fugitives would not
be binding upon Great Britain until ratified by
Parliament; and after that, his Lordship vanishes
from the chapter. He is seen or heard of no more
in the ei^ht pages which follow on the suppression
of ths slave-trade: the whole is confined to our
Secretary and a couple of naval officers—ihe Brit-
ish minister not even appearing to be cognizant of
what they were about! Look at it, and follow the
papers as they rise, and sse what a figure they
present. The first is from Captain Paine, of the
United States navy, to Mr. Webster, dated May 2,
1842, and is in answer to inquiries which are not
given! Mr. Webster's letter to Captain Paine is
not given; and how the Oap'ain came to make this
communication is only to be guessed al; for there
is no clew to its production. It is, however, a letier
of much interest, and gives the his'ory of the little
Sierra Leone anti-slave-trade treaty between a Brit-
ish and an American officer, which was so piompt-
ly, so patriotically, so nobly rejected by Mr. Van
Buren in 1840. A part of the object of the letter
seems to have been to complain to the new admin-
istration of the manner in tshich the past adminis-
tration bad rejected and rebuked that little treaty 
the seminal principle of the prespnt African alli-
ance. Mr. Paulding, as Secretary of the Navy,
and speaking in the name of President Van Buren,
says, in relation to the arrangement made at Sierra
Leone, to Captain Paine:
' Sue!, a delegation of power is not only unauthorized by
your instt uctiohs, but contrary to the established and well,
known pimciptesand policy of your Government; and is, there-
fore, not saactioneri hy the department."
This was a pretty pointed rebuke to Capt.Pain ,
who bad made ihe arrangement wiih Capt. Tucker
of her JBriiannic Majesty's sloop-of-war ihe Wol-
verine. As such, Capt. Paine seems to have felt
it; and thus signified his feelings in the concluding
sentence of his letier:
"Any expression of my opinion of Mr. Paulding's letter to
me would have been improper, and would still be imiecotous.
I shall be grateful to be informed il you thinkany explanation
or delence necessary. I have never believed so."
The correspondence dops not thow whether (he
Secretary thought any defence or explasation on
the part o! Capt. Paine necessary; but he proceed-
ed immedia'ely to console his feelings by making
an arrangement of a still stronger character wiih
Great Britain, and availing himself of aii Capt.
fame's information to facilitate its conclusion. On
the 30th day of April, 1842, the Secretary ad-
dresses eight queries to Caplams Bell and Paine on
ihe subject of the African slave-trade, of which the
6th, 7ih, and 8th are in these words:
•'6. The utility of employing vessels of different nations to
cruise together, so that one or ihe other might have a tight to
visit and search eveiy vessel which might be met With undet
suspicious circumstances, either as belonging to the coumry
of the vessel visiting and searching, or to some oilier country
which has, by tieaty, conceded such light of visitation and
search ::
"7. To what places slaves from slave-ships could be most
conveniently taken."
"8. Finally, what number of vessels, and of what size, it
would be necessary to employ on the western coastof Africa
in older to put an entire end to the traffic m slaves; and for what
number of years it would probably be necessaiy to maintain
such force to accomplish that purpose."
The answers to these queries are:
"6. We are of opinion that a squadron should be kept on the
coast of Africa, to co operate with the British, or other nations
interested in stopping the slave-trade; and that the most effi-
cient mode would be for vessels to cruise m couples—one of
each nation."
"7. If captured under the American flag, send them to Cape
Mesurado, Liberia; or, if convenient, tosuch otherof the Amer.
ican settlements as the agent of the United States there may
wish."
"8. As our personal knowledge of the slave-trade extends to
only that part of it comprised between Cape Verd and Cape
Palmas, it is difficult to state the exact force requned for this
service; not less, however, than the following, we think neces-
sary:
"One first class sloop of-war.
"One steamer, from two hundred to three hundred tons bur-
den.
"Two (eight orten gun) brigs or schooners.
"Ten schooners of about one hundred tons, each with four
guns.
"One store-ship, two hundred and fifty to three hundred tons.
"All the vessels to have one tenth less than their comple.
ments of men, to be filled up with kroomen, on their arrival on
the coast.
"A steamer (to be fitted up, if possible, to burn with either
coal or wood, as circumstances may require) will be essenti-
ally necessary."
These were the answers to the three questions;
and in conformity with these answers, the African
articles were drawn up. And ihese answers from
Captains Bell and Paine close the whole head of
the correspondence under the title of "Suppression
of the Jlfrican slave-trade Not a word appears
in it, to or from Lord Ashburton; and from all that
we can see, it would seem that he had never
heard of these African articles until he signed
them in the treaty!
The articles, then, for this squadron, and these
remonstrating ambassadors, stand before us as
American conceptions ! as stipulations originating
with the United S ates, and carried forward by
them as their separate work, until the articles
leaped full grown into the body of the treaty.
This is the way they appear to us: they appear as
articles of American growth and origin, when, I
undertake to affirm, that they are wholly British !
that they came from the British negotiator! and
that the American Secretary has done bis work in
seeking testimony to justify them, and to ripen
them into formal stipulations!
To sustain this belief, I do not refer to the fact
(piegnant as it is) lhat the British have been push-
ing and pressing this alliance upon us for thirty-six
year?—from the time Mr. Monroe was in London
in 1806. I leave out all tha', and come to direct
proof. Here it is, (holding up a pamphlet,) in the
noble pamphlet of Geneial Cass against the British
pretension of search. I laid that pamphlet by for
use, when I got a copy of it. I use part of it now,
and more hereafter. For the present, I quote from
page 24, (Baltimore edition, by J, Young,) and
only take what is there quoted from the London
Times newspaper—a paper which (no Senator need
be reminded) is the organ of the ministry which
sent out Lord Ashburton. The article is of the
date of January last, when the minister was on the
point ®f setting out to the United States, and tells
what he came for. This is the article:
"This dispute (of impressment) now sleeps; though it will
have to be revived, at latest, on the next occasion when we find
ourselves invested, by a war, with the right, of which it is the
consequence; and, indeed, it might be laised upon the contem-
plated treaty, giving a mutual right of search for the preven-
tion of the slave trade, unless provided for, as it might and
-probably would be, by special articles." '
Here the official paper of the present British
ministry shows us, at the moment the spsctal min-
ister is setting out, that the question of impress-
ment is to be revived, and may be done on the
contemplated treaty, and in that part of the treaty
which relates to the suppression of the slave-trade;
and ihat "special articles" would probably be agreed
upon in relation to the suppression of this trade.
This is the import of the article in the Times; and
it is under a nisi—under an "uttfess" and under
the contingency for providing for this suppression
by special articles, that ihe right of impressment
might not be raised upon the treaiy! All this is
too plain for comment, and too grave for neglect.
It comes from ihe authentic organ of the British
ministry; and time and events have verified every
word of it. The pretension to impress has been
revived—revived m Lord Ashburton's letter of the
9ih of August, in answer to Mr. Webster's of the
8th, in which our Secretary gave the minister an
opportunity to revive the pretension, by opening a
