CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Georgia militia for services rendered in the jears
1340 and 1841.
A bill for the relief of David W. Haley.
A bill for the relief of Allen Rogers.
A bill for the relief of William G. Sanders.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner M&rtha, (J. Nickerson.)
A bill for the relief of the owners of the schooner
Three Brothers, (George Dyer and others.)
A bill for the relief of Gorham A. Worth, one
of the sureties of Samuel Edmonds, deceased.
A bill for the relief of William Gale.
A bill lor the relief of Robert T. Norris.
A bill for the relief of Teakle Savage, adminis-
trator of Bolitha Laws.
A bill for the relief of Charles Gordon, of Bel-
fast, owner of the schooner Two Sons, and the le-
gal representatives of the crew of said vessel.
A bill for the relief of Orin Prentiss, of Stoning-
ton, Connecticut, owner of the schooner Lily, and
the crew of .-aid vessel.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Champlin and
others, owners of the schooner Buffalo.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Holmes and
others, owner and legal representatives of the crew
of the schooner Industry.
A bill for the relief of John A. Smith.
A bill for the relief of Edwin Bartlett, late con-
sul of ihe United States at Lima, in Peru.
A bill for Ihe relief of the administrator of John
Jackson.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Robert T Spence.
A bill for the relief of Peter Lionberger.
A bill for the relief of John R. Delany.
A bill for the relief of Joseph W. Newcomb.
A bill for the relief of Sylvia Underwood, mother
of Lieutenant Underwood, deceased.
A bill for the relief of James Mount.
A bill for the relief of Susan Brum.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Harris.
A bill for the relief of Robert Layton's children.
A bill for the relief of Mary Elder.
A bill for the relief of the widow of Captain
William Royal!, deceased, (Mrs. Ann )
A bill for the relief of Prudence Couch.
A bill for the relief of Anna Jones.
A bill for the relief of Maria M. Brooks.
A bill for 'he relief of Asa Davis.
A bill for the relief of David Akinson.
A bill for ihe relief of Samuel Neely.
A bill for the relief of James Sweetman.
A bill for :herel'ef of Lyman N. Cook.
A bill for the relief of Gideon A. Perry.
A bill for the relief of John F. Wiley.
A bill for Ihe relief of John Hicks.
A bill for the relief of George Waddell.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Lord.
A bill for the relief of Caspar W. Wever.
A bill for the relief of Richard Rush.
A bill for the relief of James M. Morgan.
A bill for the relief of John Drysdale.
A bill for the relief of Garret VIeit.
A bill for the relief of Elisha Moreland, William
M. Kennedy, Robert J. Kennedy, and Mason E.
Lewis.
A bill for the relief of S. D. Rose et al.
A bill for the relief of Barest Stryker.
A bill for the relief of John Wbarry.
A bill for the relief of Mary McQee and Susan
Pierce, heirs at law of George Neilson.
A bill to revive an act entitled "An act for the
relief of John Davlin."
A bill for the relief of Samuel Billings, owner
of ibe fishing schooner Lurana.
A bill for the relief of ihe owners, officers, and
crew of the araied brig Warrior, or their legal
representatives.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Evans.
A bill for the relief of Joshua Drew.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Copeland.
A bill for the relief of Sarah Parker.
A bill for the relief of George P. Pollen and
Robert Colgate.
A bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas J.
Winslow.
A bill for tbe reli?f of Burr and Smiib.
A bill for the relief of Alexander H. Everett.
A bill allowing a pension to George Rouse.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Hillsman.
-A'bill for the relief of Esther Augur.
A bill for the relief of Wilmot Marsden.
A bill for the relief of Abraham Vanhorn.
A bill granting a pension to John Peak.
A bill granting a pension to Israel Thomas.
A bill granting a pension to Josiah Westlake.
A bill for the relief of Dexter Hungerford.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Hover and Abel-
ard Guthrie.
A bill for the relief of Peters, Moore, & Co.
A bill for tbe relief of Richard Cooke, jr., Robt.
Anderson, and George Southall.
A bill for the relief of Horace Witherell.
A bill granting a pension to Robert Poindexter
of Kentucky.
A bill for the relief of Ferdinand Leibert.
A bill for the relief of James B. Sullivan.
A bill for the relief of Benj. Treslow.
A bill for the relief of Snow Y. Sears.
A bill for the relief of John Gerard Ford.
The question was then taken on the engrossment
of the bill for the relief of the heirs of Robt. Ful-
ton; which was agreed to: but it was not read a
third time, objections being made.
The following bills were ordered to be engrossed,
and were read a third time, and passed:
A bill granting a pension to Joseph Watson.
A bill for the relief of Solomon Emmerson.
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to refund to David Watkinson & Co. a part of the
duties imposed on a certain quaniity of tin andiron
imported by them into the port of New York.
A bi'l to authorize the enrolment or register of
the brig New Granada.
" On leave given, Mr.WASHINGTON reported a
bill from the Committee on Revolutionary Ctaim^,
for the relief of thi heirs of Major General Baron
De Kalb; which, on his motion, was referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on tbe
private bills on the calendar which were ready to
be committed.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Casey took
ihe chair.
The committee then acted on the following bills,
which were severally laid aside to be reported:
The bill for the relief of Charles B. Hall.
The bill for the relief of Aquila Goodwin.
The bill for the relief of John McColgsn.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan E. Hustin.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Genera] Alexander Macomb and others.
The bill for the relief of Philip Renault.
The bill for the relief of Nancy Terry.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Penhallow.
The bill for the relief of Samuel M. Asbury.
The. bill for the relief of John P. Skinner and
the legal representatives of Isaac Green.
The bill for the relief of S Morris Wain.
The bill for the relief of John Patten, jr., owner
of the fishing schooner Credit, and master and
crew of said vessel.
The bill for the relief of Abner Liwgll and
others, owners of the fishing schooneT William.
The bill for the relief of Mary Williams, widow
of Jacob Williams, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Ellerv.
The'bil! for the re'ief of Lieutenant F.W. Smith.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Francis Pellicer, deceased.
The bill for the relief of James S. Calhoun.
The bill for the relief of Johnson Patrick.
The bill for the relief of Cornelius Wilson and
James Carter.
The bill for the relief of William Ellery, owner
of the fishing schooner Sevo and Ida, and others.
The bill for the relief of John H. Russell and
others, owner, master, and crew of the fishing
schooner Lucy Ann.
The bill for the relief of Mary Bradstreet and
AmosTappan.
Tbe bill for the relief of Knott Martin and Ar-
nold Martin the third, owners of the fishing schoon-
er Only Son, and others.
The bill for the relief of Joseph W. Reckless.
The bill for tbe relief of Barnabas Baker and
others, owners of the fishing schooner called the
Union, of Dennis, Massachusetts.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry Hoffman.
The bill for the relief of Hugh Riddle, of the
city of New York.
Ths bill for the relief of John S. Kerving.
The bill for the relief of Thomas King.
The bill for the relief of Joshua Knowles, jr.
and owners and the crew of the fishing schooner
Garnett.
The bill for the relief of William Lomax.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Samuel Shannon.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Whiteman ;
and
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Major General the Baron de Kalb.
On motii n by Mr. COWEN, the committee
rose and reported the bills to Ihe House; when, the
following, after having been ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading, were severally read a third
time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Charles B. Hall.
The bill for the relief of Aquila Goodwin.
The bill for the relief of John McColgan.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Major General Alexander Macomb,
deceased, and others.
The bill for the relief of John P. Horton.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Franc s Pillecer.
The bill for ihe relief of Philip Renault.
The bill for the relief of Nancy Terry.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Penhallow.
The bill for the relief of Samuel M. Asbury.
The bill for the relief of John P. Skinner, and
the legal representatives of Isaac Green.
The bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain.
The bill for the relief of Mary Williams, widow
of Jacob Williams, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Ellery.
The bill for the relief of tbe legal representatives
ofLieutenant F. W. Smith, deceased.
The bill for the relief of James S. Calhoun.
The bill for the relief of Johnson Patrick.
The bill for the relief of Cornelius Wilson and
James Carter.
The bill for the relief of Joseph W. Reckless.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Heniy Hoffman.
The bill for the relief of Hugh Riddle, of the
city of New York.
The bill for the relief of John S. Kerving.
The bill for the relief of Thomas King.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Sawuel Shannon, deceased.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of William Lomax.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Whiteman.
Th" bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Major General the Baron deKalb.
On motion by Mr. HOLMES, the reconsidera-
tion ordered of the bill remitting the duties on the
ore-an imported by the Episcepal church of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, was taken up; and, after some
r.-mrrks from Mr. H., was read the third time,
and passed.
Mi B1DLACK moved a reconsideration of tbe
vote en bill No. 571, for the relief of Samuel M.
Asbury, purporting to come from tbe Committee
for ibe District of Columbia. He thought the
House was proceeding with too little caution. Ac-
cord,npt to his recollection, there had been two or
thiee reports against this claim, and none ia favor
of it. When a committee had reported favorably,
he would not interfere. The motion to reconsider
was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi moved that
when the House adjourned, it should adjourn over
to Tuesday next.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. THOMPSON.modified his motion by sub-
stituting Mondav for Tuesday.
Then veas and nays were then ordered, when
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his motion.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky renewed the ori-
ginal motion of Mr. T, to adjourn over to Tttes-
