CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
day, and called for the yeas and nays; which, be-
ing ordered, resulted in yeas 80, nays 80.
The Speaker voting in the affirmative, the mo-
tion was carried.
The bill for the relief of John H. Mcintosh was
taken up on its third reading.
Mr. TURNEY moved its recommittal to a
seject committee for investigation.
Mr. LEVY hoped it would not be recommitted.
Mr.W. B. CAMPBELL advocated its recommit-
al.
Mr. LEVY went into some lengthy statements
in defence of the claim, and in opposition to the
motion to commit. He was followed by Mr. W.
B. CAMPBELL, Mr. TURNEY, Mr. M. A.
COOPER, and Mr. COWEN; when the bill was
recommitted to a select committee of five members.
Mr. C. J. INGrJSRSOLL submitted a resolution
(whieh had been before repeatedly offered on
preceding days) to fiay the page.", officers of the
House, Ac., extra remuneration for the last ses-
sion.
Mr. BLACK and others objected, and the reso-
lution was not received.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hou.^e a com-
munication fiom the Treasury Department, in an-
swer to a re-oluton of the Hruse oi the 19th
March, 1842, transmitting a statement relative to
the judicial expenses of ihe G >vcrnment, and the
laws and usages under which the s.\me are incur-
red; also, the projet of a bill to fix, ascertain, and
regulate the fees allowed to clerk?, attorneys, mar-
shals, witnesses, and jurors in the Uniied States
courts: referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordsred to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WARREN, the documents
and papers relating to the claim of W. Fuller
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
SECOND REGIMENT OP DRAGOONS.
Mr. CROSS gave noucs of his jniention to ask
leave to bring in a bill to repeal the provision by
which the second regiment of dragoons is to be
dismounted on the fir.st of March next.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered the following
.resolution, which was adopted :
Resolved, That the Commiuue on the Public, I.atul;-: _!>.( in-
Btructed lomquhe into thf expediency oj reporting a bill to
this House quieting the tides to certain Unda sold at Choc-
chuumaand Columbua, Mississippi; which, alter the definitive
establishment ol ihe bound.iiy line between the f'tueknsaw
and Choctaw cessions, are found to bewithmtlm loimer ces-
sion.
JESSE HOYr'S ACCOUNTS.
Mr. BOARDMAN offered the following tesolu-
tion, whieh was adopted:
Resolved, That the Rccietary of the Tteasury be directed
to communicate r<> this House the amount of ihe uoldlcanon ol
Jesse Hoyt, laie rollector of the port oJ New York , and a ho
what means, if any, have hecn adopted for the recovery ol
the same, together with the names ot thesnrcties o! Mud iloyi.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. J. C. CLARK offered the following resolu-
tion, which (alter a brief interval of objection)
was adopted:
Retolvtd, That the Beci'etary of the Tieasuty lie leqnested
to inform the House whether any agent or atrruts (other than
the regular and usual inspectors) have been employed during
the past year in the examination and lu.-peotion of ihe light-
houses; ami if f*o, the names oi such a^'its, ihe msn uctions
given, the persons employed under ihem, the whole expendi-
ture of such pxaminaiion and m^ppction, (lie number of light-
houses inspected, the time employed m Mich inspection, the ie-
port or repoits of such agent or agents, the amount of money
paid for the same, and the fund trom winch payment has been
made.
At this staie of the proceedings, a motion to
adjourn was made by Mr BO WNE; bin was, a'ser
some conversational debate, withdrawn.
COLLECTIONS AND EXPENDITURES AT
NSW YORK.
Oa motion of Mr. G. DAVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Sccicfary of the Trcasuiy report to this
Mouse the number, classes, and compensation of petsons, re-
spectively, in the employment of the Government m the port of
New York on the 1st day of .January, 1828, ami also on the 1st
day of January, 1S42; and the amount of levenue collected m
that port for the two years immediately preceding these dates
PRIVATE CLAIM IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. W. 0. BUTLER offered the following res-
olution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of releasing D. & V. K.
Rich, securities of J. F. Moore, deceased, late postmaster at
Gaines Cross-Roatds, in the State of Kentucky, from the pay-
ment of a judgment by the district court of the United States
for the district of Kentucky, for the sum of $108 53; and that
all the papers on file in the Post Office Department relating to
said claim he referred to said committee.
STOCKBRIDGrE INDIANS.
Mr. W. A. HARRIS said he would ask the fa-
vor of the House to take up a bill reported by him
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, for the re-
lief of the Stockbridge tribe of Indians in the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin. "
The bill was then read.
Mr. BRIGGS objected to its farther considera-
tion.
After some conversation,
Mr. FILLMORE hoped he would withdraw the
objection.
Mr. HARRIS explained the design of the bill.
It was precisely analagous to a bill which had
been hitherto passed in relation to another tribe,
and which had been found most salutary in its
operation. This tribe of Indians was not only
civilized, but in a great measure christianized; and
their ardent desire was to b-; made citizens of the
republic. There was, moreover, nothing of a specu-
lating character about the present bill.
Mr. BRIGGS still persisting in his objection, the
report was read.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said that this bill proposed
specially to naturalize Ihe Stockbridge tribe of In-
dian?. Now, he would remind the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Harris] that the Constituton of
the United States only gave Congress the power to
pass uniform laws of naturalization. (Many voices:
"That refers to foreigners.") Then, why pa^s the
bill at all? Is not the Indian a native American?
[Laughter-1 He wants no act of naturalization.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS said he thought the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roosevelt] had conceived,
and given to the House the worst bind of a Vir-
ginia abstraction he had ever heard. [Laughter ]
Tne question was then taken upon the engross-
ment ot the bill, and carried; and, by general con-
smt, it was read a third time, and passed.
JEU D'ESPRlT.
Mr. SNYDER submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution, the reading of which was re-
ceived with much manifestation of merriment:
Wh< reus Nature, in the plenitude ofher wisdom, and bounti-
ful bequest to the people of theseUnited State?, hus decreed, by
us stupendous gr.mdeur and beneficial results, some ol her
gieat works should leuuuu unaltered, as emblems of her wis-
dom. iind design. In her beneficence, she has inteisperaed every
set tiori of out land with great navigable rivers, lakes, and
tributary streams, purposely lor the enjoyment and
comfort of mutr instance the matchless valley of the great
Mississippi. Would u not be valueless, and perfect waste,
without that noble uver of its namel—the Western States use
less for agricultuial purposes, without then navigable lakes?
And what would Pennsylvania be, without her foaming Susque-
hanna? Her iion, coal, timber, and salt, would be a (load waste
on her holders; her feuile soil, uncultivated,would now be used,
as of yore by the aboi mines—for a hunting-ground. May the
opinion be here hazarded, that all these large nveis and lakes
arc the common pioperty of the (.Jovernnient, free for all cut-
y.eos to naviga e, trade upon, or travel, as a common highway;
and that no Mate, for Slate or company purposes, has the ngnt
to obstruct the free passage thereof even the occupant of its
banks having no moic right to the exclusive navigation or the
uso of the water, than the Louisumian, one thousand
miles off, but must remain a<  nature's grand highway, and
the General Government is bound to maintain it as such.
Pennsylvania lived prosperously, enjoyed all the blessings of
a kind Providence, mm! about eighteen years since, when the
in'ernal imptovement of the State was commenced. Since
then, by act of Assembly, eight or ten dams have been authoi-
iz,ed to be constructed acr> sg that gieat highway of uatuie,
the Susquehanna uver, which has destioyed the ascending
navigation for boats, and totally pirvcnts the ascension ol
shail Shad weie caught in the northward country, and sold
for from six to tendollais a hundred; now, not one is to be
seen. The lo^s ot all kinds of fish is consequent upon
ihost* dams—a voiy eeri-ms injury to the people ol that river,
which is thiee hundred miles long. Theshadarealossto the com-
munity at large, as countless millions hcietoi'oie were hatched
m ltd Uesh-walcr sttcame. The health ofthe country is injured,
the i ight oi property taken from the citizen without his consent,
for internal improvement purposes; and Natuie's public high
way to mat ket (Philadelphia) by keel-bottom boats in the head
of the river, is now destroyed, by reason of dams; and the im-
mense trade of the Valley of the Susquehanna, and a portion
from the State ot New Yoik, is forced into State and company
canals. Therefoie,
JZesulved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he instructed
to mquite into the constitutional right of Pennsylvania to author-
ize the building of dams across the Susquehanna, to the injury
of the natural lights of the great body politic, and report to
this House.
Mr. STANLY objected to the reception ofthe
resolution.
A suspension of- the rules was moved; but the
House refused to suspend.
BREAKWATER AT BLOCK ISLAND.
Mr. TILLINGHAST offered the following res-
elntion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of providing a shelter fot vessels at Bloci Is-
land, either by constructing a breakwater or opening a harbor,
and also as to the best means of effecting the object aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. JAMBS COOPER the Com-
mittee of the Whole was discharged from the con-
sideration of bill No. 212, and the same was read a.
third time and passed.
Mr. ADAMS gave notice of his intention to
move that, on Wednesday next, the House go into-
Committee of the Whole on claims relating to*
French spoliations prior to 1800-
The Committee on Enrolled Bills reported the:
general appropriation bill as correctly en tolled,,
and the Speaker signed the same. Immediately
after which,
The House adjourned.
ye. Mr. McKEON presented the petition of the in-
surance companies in the city of New York, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the improvement of
the Mississippi and Missouri rivers: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CROSS, under the resolution adopted by
the House, referred to the appropriate committees
the following cases, to wi': The petition of R. B.
Hyde for a pension; the petition of the widow ami
heirs of Edward Duvall, and the petition of Ben-
jamin Murphy, praying indemnities for losses
sustained in consequence of Indian depredations.
IN SENATE.
Tcp/day, December 27, 1842.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from Ralph
V- M. Cross, and 344 others, citizens of the town,
of St, Charles and its vicinity; a petition from
citizens of Grand Detour and its vicinity;
and a petition from Levi Ballou and 55 others,
citizens of Babcock's Grove, Dupage county, Il-
linois, praying the establishment of a tri-weekly
four-horse post-coach mail-route from Chicago, by
the Steam Mill settlement on the Des Plains river,
Babcocik's Grove, in Dupage county, St. Charles,
in Kane county, Sycamore, in De Kalb county,
Broaddy's Grove, and Jefferson Grove, to Grand De-
tour, in said State; which, with the accompanying
diaaram, were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented a letter and memorial from
Uriah Brown, of Schuyler county, Illinois, praying
an investigation by Congress of his right to the
discovery of the plan by which ships of war may *
be blown up, by mean"! of a current of galvanic
electricity, to be discharged through submerged
magazines of gunpowder; which, on his motion,
was referred to 'he Committee o  Naval Affairs.
Mr. YOUNG, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce bills of the
following titles, to wit:
A bill granting an additional quantity of land to
the State of Illinois, to aid in the completion of
the Illinois and Michigan canal;
A bill making further appropriations for the con-
tinuation of the work on the Cumberland road ia
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois;
A bill appropriating the rents of the United
States lead mines in the State of Illinois, and Ter-
ritories of Wiskonrin and lovra, for the improve-
ment of the navigation at the Rock river and Des
Moines rapids, in ihe Mississippi river;
which were severally read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
And a bill making a farther appropriation for
the continuation of the public works, and rebuild-
ing the light house, at the harbor of Chicago, ia
the State of Illinois; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. Y. also gave notice that be would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to confirm
the sales of the school lands in the State of Illi-
nois.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial from Ed-
ward Worrell, M. D., alleging that he wasunjustly
selected as one of those who were to be disbanded
from the service of the United States, under the
