14
OCCASSIONAL GLOBE.
late law for the disbandment of a portion of the
army, and asking an inves'igation into the matter:
referred to the Committee oil Military Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a§ memorial from
a number of citizens of Pennsylvania, asking that
the fine imposed on General Jackson, by Judge
Hall, might be refunded. The memorialists urge
tbat Congress ought, unanimously, as if by accla-
mation, and without unnecessary delay, to restore
to tbat great man, before he takes his departure
from this to a better world, the fine so unjuitly
imposed on him : referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Also, presented a memorial from a number
of citizens of Pennsylvania, complaining that the
greatest want of the country was the want of a
proper currency, and proposing to the Government
of the United States to issue slock or certificates
of loan 10 the States to the amount of 2,000,000,000
of dollars, founded opon the public domain, as af-
fording a proper basis for a sound currency: re-
ferred lo the Committee on Finance.
Also, presented a memorial from a number of
cit z?ns of the ciiy and county of Philadelphia,
alb-sing that they were from the first opposed to the
passage of the bankrupt law, because it interfered
wiih pre-existing contracts; but tbat now, believ-
ing that the mischiefs of the law were at an end,
and that the law would be very useful in its pros-
pective operations, pray that it may be continued:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented six memorials,
numerously signed, from the city of New York;
also from Syracuse, Rochester, and Penn YaD,
in the State of New York; and one from Philadel-
phia; all remonstrating against the repeal of the
bankrupt law. Mr. T. said he had no doubt, if
«ims were given, that memorials of a similar char-
acter would be poured in upon the Senate from all
parts of the Union. He had received letters from
m'ahy of the States, giving the decided opinion that
a great portion of the community everywhere were
in favor of the law, and exprevs-ing the earnest
hope tbat it would not be repealed. These writers
anxiously inquire as to the prospect of a repeal,
atid the terms of that rep.-al, if such a bill should
succeed.
Mr. T. said that these letters were so numerous,
it was impossible for bim to answer them individ-
ually, even if he possessed the information they
d< sired. He would, therefore, talie this < evasion to
;'ay iliat he indulged a hope tha', on mature refiec-
iinn, a majority in Congress would be willing to
preserve the law, wiih Luch modifications and
amendments as ihould be deemed necessary io re-
move any objectionable features in it. Mr. T. said
he considered it a duty enjoined on Congn ss by
the Constitution, to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy ; and that to repral this law wiihout an
effort to amend it, would be a dereliction of duty
which he would not anticipate. He would not as-
sume that a power yielded by the Stales to Con-
gress, fur the mere purpose of uniformity, was not
to be exercised by Congress, because it wouldnot;
nor by the States, because they etmli not exercise
it. The principal objections which were originally
mged against the bill are now obviated. One was
i's operation on past contracts: that is now re-
moved ; another was, that there was not suf-
cieot judicial force lo execute the law. Ex-
perience has shown tbeie is no difficulty on
Hut score. But Mr. T. said he did not intend,
on this occasion, to go into an argument on the
subject. If, however, he should be disappoint-
ed in his views of the action of Congress, and
the law should be repealed, he could not ptrsuade
himself that a single member of this Senate would
be willing to cut off any applications pending at
the time of the repral. He hoped the repeal—if it
should take place—would be prospective; and tbat
a period tome time hence would be fixed upon for
it to take effect. If there be any distinction be-
tween those who have It-en already discharged,
and those whose applications are now pending, it
is in favor r,f the la'ter. They have struggled
along, and omitted to apply, in the hope that they
would be saved the necessity; and now, to cut them
off, after others have been discharged, would be
cruel in tHe extreme. He hoped and believed ho
such injustice wou'd be done.
The memorials were referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from Phil-
adelphia, on the subject of the bankrupt law. The
letter accompanying it says that the memorial was
signed by forty firttis of that city—the names of
twenty of whom he knew himself. Mr. B said
this petition Was opposed to the repeal of the act,
but Wished Congress to amend, and make it a
bankrupt system. One of the points of objection
to the law was, that it was unjust and unconstitu-
tional, because it absolved the debtor from all his
obligations entered into long before the enactment
of the law was even contemplated. The letter
states that two-thirds of the merchants and nine-
teen-twentieths of the people believe that the banks
which issue bills should be included within the
provisions of the law: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial fiom the
city of New Yoik, asking that the bankrupt law
may not be repealed, but assisving reasons why it
should be continued, with certaii modifications
therein set forth: referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. BERRIEN took occasion to say, that so
far as his information extended, there was a
mnre strong and decided expression of public
opinion in favor of the continuance of the law,
under certain modifications, :ban there wag for
its repeal. Something more than 50,000 persons
had petitioned upon the subject of the law at the
last session; of whom, less than 3,000 were in fa-
vor of its unconditional repeal; 40,000 asked for
its continuance; and the residue of the 50,000
asked for its suspension, modification, and repeal.
Mr. McROSERTS presented a petition from a
number of citizens of Illinois, asking Congress to
pass a law for the occupation and settlement of ihe
Oregon Territory, and that actual grants of land
be made to settlers as an inducement lo settlement:
laid on the table, to accompany the bill.
On motion of Mr. BATES, it was ordered that
the petition and papers of Rufus and Charles
Lane, asking for fishing bounty, be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred tothe Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Reubsn E Gentry, William Monroe, and
others; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs
On motion of Mr. KING, it was ordered that the
petition of the heirs of William Fisher, asking for
the confirmation of a cer'ain land claim, found-
ed on a Spani-h grant, be taken from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Oa motion of Mr. KING, it was ordered that the
petition of Samuel Thompson be taken from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, it was ordered that
the petition and documents relating to the claim of
F. A. Kerr, for compensation and for supplies fur-
ni'-hrd indigent Indians, be taken from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affair:-;
and a!fo that ihe peliti;n of George Duval, a
Cherokee, for indemnity for losses sustained, be
taken from the files, and referred to ihe same com-
mittee.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from Doctor
Guntoti, President of the Bank of Washington,
asking that Congress would pass a law extending
the charter of tbat institution: referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a document
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
on the subject of surveys of lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from a
large number of citizens of Southwestern Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. S. said the law was peculiarly unpopa'ar in
th^s section of the country, which might be judged
of from the reading of an extract from the letter
enclosing the petition; which said, that if petitions
were circulated '.here, ninety-nine oat of every one
hundred would readily sign for the repeal; that
they believe it was the worst law ever passed by
Congress; and that it had done more to demoralize
the country than any act ever passed: referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from cer-
tain inhabitants of Brooklyn, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt lav;, as far as its pros-
pective operations are concerned, and recommend-
ing certain modifications: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Also, presented a memorial from citizens of the
northern district of New York, remonstrating
against the repeal of the law in any such terms as
would operate as a suspension of it before the pas-
sage of the repealing act. The memorialists give
as a reason, that, by the rules of the court thereon,
(many, if not all, of thedistrict couris)a!l the appli-
cants under ihe law are compelled to pay fees in
advance; and, in a majority of the instances, such
fees are obtained only by the greatest sacrifice on
the part of the petitioners; and that, therefore, it
would be manifestly unjust to destroy these peti-
tions, filed pursuant to the law, and in all respects
in conformity thereto: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Alvo, presented a petition from Oneida county,
New York, asking for the unconditional repeal of
the bankrupt law; and a petition from a number
of cit'Z-ns of New York, purporting to be mer-
chants, for a full and unconditional repeal of the
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. SIVIMON8 presentfd two memorials from
citi2ans of Philadelphia, aga'nst the repeal, £ut in
favor.of a modification of the bankrupt law: re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a memorial from
Providence, Rhode Island, signed by merchants
and manufacturers, in favor of the repeal of the
bankrupt law: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from
John Kuitz, fraying for an extension of the
charter of the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of
Georgetown: referred to the Committee on the
District of Colombia.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
ceriain messengers and laborers in the office of the
Auditor of the Post Office Department, praying for
an increase of their compensation: referred to the
Committee on France.
Mr. BENTON presumed a petition, signed by
Thomas White, and one hundred and fifty others,
of Dorches'er county, Maryland, praying for 8
repeal of ihe bankrupt act: referred to the Judiciary
Commitee.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Murphy, of Arkansas; which was read, andor-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from cer-
tain officers who served in ihe surveying and ex-
ploring expedition, representing that they had re-
cei'-. d a certain amount of pay under the authority
of sn express order in writing from the Navy De-
prr'mctit, and that the accounting efficer of tha
Government, in the adjustment of their accounts,
had tefustd to allow the amount thus paid then), and
that their ordinary pay is now withheld uniil an
a ju 'inent of their accounts. They pray Congress
to j a "3 a law authorizing the settlement of their
ace ,rnt< on the bssis of the agreement of the Sec-
ieta>y of the Navy when tbey entered the service;
refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from William
Smith, of Northampton, Massachusetts, praying
indemnity for losses sustained by French spolia-
tions prior fo 1800. Mr. B. said, to show the in-
justice and inhumanity of withholding the indem-
nity, it was only necessary to have the memorial
read, (which was done,)showing that tha petitioner
is now an inmate of the pocr-house: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD, on leave, introduced a bill en-
titled "An act to amend the act entitled 'An act to
reorganize the Navy Department of ihe United
States,' passed the 30ih August, 1842;" and
A bill to provide for the establishment of schools
