86
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
James McGill; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. GENTRY, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
benefit of Fielding Pratt; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the Howard Institution of the City of
Washington; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LINN, from the Commitlee on Public Ex-
penditures, reported a resolution to authorize lhat
committee to employ a clerk, and to send for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. BOWNE called for the yeas and nays on
that motion; and, being ordered, they resulted as
follows: yeas 87, nays 99.
Mr. J. C. ED WARDS obtained permission to
introduce a bill to allow drawbacks on foreign
merchandise exported in original packages to
Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico; which was
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WISE rose to present to the House a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Virginia, instructing
the Senators of that State, and requesting its Rep-
resentatives, to nse their best efforts to cause the
immediate passage of the bill refunding the fine im-
posed on General Jackson, by Judge Hall of
New Orleans, in 1815.
As this was the resolution of a State—a State
which he in part represented—he took the earliest
opportunity to present it; and, in doing so, he
begged to say for the Legislature of Virginia, and
for himself, that no partisan feeling entered into
the spirit of that resolution. It was offered in the
spirit of patriotism—pure patriotism. It was be-
lieved by the Legislature of Virginia, and the Rep-
resentatives of the people of that State, that the act
employed by General Jackson to defend the city
of New Orleans was one ot imperious necessity—a
necessity imposed upon him by the "booty and
beauty" of that city, which were threatened by an
invading army, and no less by domestic traitors 
Mr. MORGAN interposed, and inqairod whether
the gentleman from Virginia was in order?
Mr. WISE said he wished to exculpate his
State 
Mr. MORGAN objected to the gentleman de-
bating the question.
Mr. WISE. I merely wish to iiate 
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, is it in order?
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia could not enter into debate on the subject.
Mr. WISE. I do not propose to debate it; but,
as it was received by unanimous consent of the
House, I merely wish to bespeak from the House
that respect which I believe ought to be paid to the
resolution of the Legislature of a State.
Mr. HOWARD and others called tbegentleman
to order.
Mr. WISE. I move that the resolution be re-
ferred to tbe Committee of the Whole 
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman has no right to
speak upon it at all.
Mr. WISE. I am making a motion now. I
move that it he referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where a bill, I
believe, already lies, which was reported at tbe
last session, on this subject.
Mr. TCJRNEY. And that it be printed.
Mr. WISE. Yes, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GATES offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to the
House of Representatives the laws passed by the Governor and
Legislative Council of the Territory of Florida, at the last ses-
eion.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Per sions, repor'ed a bill to amend
and explain an act of the 4>h July, 1836, and aa
act of the 7th July, 1838, allowing pensions to cer-
tain widows. It was read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FORNANCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Jonathan Britton;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for tbe relief of Daniel
Dunham; which was read twice, and committed.
Also, an adverse report on the petition of Sarah
Hildreth.
Mr. BURNELL offered a resolution, directing
the Clerk of this House to distribute amongst the
members of the House, for circulation, certain
charts of George's shoals, now in the Clerk's office.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina gave no-
tice that h« would on to-morrow ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to suspend, for a limited time, the ope-
ration of the second section of the act entitled "An
act for the apportionment of Representatives
among the several Slates, according to the sixth
census,"
Mr. JAMES IRVIN offered the following reso-
lution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the House of Representatives the report of the
engineer in chief of the Navy Department, in reference to an
invention of Cadwallader Evans, of Pennsylvania, for the pre-
vention of explosions in steam-boilers.
On the motion of Mr. WISE, it was ordered that
the Committee on Naval Affairs be discharged
from the consideration of tbe petition of Octavius
A. Holden and James C. Patton.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the bill to repeal the bankrupt act.
The Clerk stated the question as it now stood.
The original bill was introduced by Mr. Everett,
as already published. This Mr. Barnard had moved
to amend, so as to repeal only to much of the bank-
rupt law as permits voluntary bankruptcy; provi-
ding, however, that this act should not affect any
case or proceeding in bankruptcy already commen-
ced, or which should be commenced before the
4th day of March next. Mr. Coshiho had moved to
amend the amendment, so as to provide that this
act should not affect any case or proceeding in
bankruptcy commenced before ihe passage of this
act, and, consequently, not to extend it to cases
commenced before the 4th of March next. Mr.
Briggs had moved to commit the bill and all its
amendments to the Committeeon the Judiciary, with
instructions to report a bill to repeal that part of the
existing law which authorizes the voluntary appli-
cation of debtors, and to include corporations
wfeich issue paper to circulateas money, within the
operation of the bankrupt law. And Mr. Cave
Johnson had moved to amend Mr. Briggs's amend-
ment, by striking out all the 'nstructi ns, and insert-
ing instructions to tbe Judiciary Coifimittee to report,
at 12 o'clock to-moirow, the following bill: "That
the act passed on the 19th day of August, 1841,
entitled 'An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,'be, and
the same hereby is, repealed,
Mr. SALTONSTALL, who had the floor, ob-
served, that it was neiiber his intention nor his
wish to enter into an elaborate argument on this
bill; being satisfied, from appearances when it was
last before ihe House, that it would be brought to a
close before the close rf ihis day. The question
now, as read by the Clerk, opened the whole sub-
ject for consideration. It sat, on the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee to commit the sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary, with in-
structions to bring in a bill to repeal tha bankrupt
act forthwith. He looked upon this as the most
important question that could occupy the attention
of Congress, and should be acted on with great
caution and deliberation. It would operate through-
out the United States, and upon all classes of the
community, upon contracts of every description in
which tbe citizens of the United States have enter-
ed. If ever, therefore, a question deserved to be
considered calmly, deliberately, and impartially, it
was this; and, indeed, it should be acted on with as
much caution as if it was now the question on the
passage of an original bankrupt law. Other classes
of the community,aswellas the mercantile classes,
were deeply interested in this question. Mr. S.,
after taking a br ef view of the history of tbe pass-
age of the bankrupt act, and of the constitutional
powers and obligations of Congress to pass it, en-
tered into aconsideration of the reasons urged for
its repeal. It had been said that public opin-
ion demanded its repeal; and tbe gentleman
who introduced the bill was supported by the
resolutions of a sovereign State demanding it.
He denied, however, that there was any evi-
dence showing that the people demanded the repeal
of this law. Where was it shown? There had
been no petitions presented calling for it. The
Legislatures of the States (with but one exception)
had made no move in relation to it; and, if he
judged from what he had seen of the public press,
there was no evidence there of a desire for the re-
peal of the act. They had every evidence that
public opinion was loudly in favor of this law at
the time of its passage. It was called for by nu-
merous petitions, coming from every quarter of the
country, signed by men of all classes of the com-
munity. It was advocated in the publ'c papers,
and stiongly recommended to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress in the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States. Mr. S. deprecated the
repeal of this law before sufficient lime had elapsed
to give it a fair trial and examination. He con-
tended that it was now operating most favorably,
and that the principal cause for objection to it had
nearly passed away. This was the retrospective
feature'of the bill; but as all (or nearly all) the
cases of that class had been acted on, there was
now no longer any objection to the bill. In a
country like ours, he held lhat some uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcy should exist. Such
laws were just as necessary now, as when the con-
stitutional provision authorizing Congress to pass
such laws was adopted; atid the vpry reasons
wbieh operated upon the convention fcr the inser-
tion of this provision, operated now in favor of
retaining the present law in force.
The frasners of the Constitution foresaw the
great inciease in the extent and commerce of
this country. They saw that new Slates would
spring up, with various interests and with differ-
ent laws; and that, without some uniform law
passed by the common Government, the insolvent
laws of these State- would come in conflict. The
grant of this po-.>/er was, therefore, inserted for
the same reason lhat the grant cf poseer for the
regulation of commerce between the States was in-
serted; and these same powerful reasons operated
now, as wsll as then. Mr. S denied that the law
was complicated, and difficult to be carried out. On
the contrary, it was perfccdy simple, and easy to
be understood and executed. In Massachusetts,
for example, it had gone into operation without
any difficulty whatever, and without any com-
plaint of frauds. The retrospective feature, it
was true, was first complained of;butasthis ceased
to have any effect, the act had become popular,
and was found to be exceedingly useful and be-
neficent in its effects, Mr. S. continued speaking
up to the expiration of his hour, showing various
reasons why the law should not be repealed.
Mr. DAWSON rose, and addressed the House
in opposition to the repeal of the law. He saids
I do not miend to make a speech on this occasion,
but simply to offer a few brief remarks in my own
justification, here and at home. I am aware that,
if I could speak wiih the voice and wisdom of an
angel of light, I could not arrest the fate of this
bill. It is virtually res judicata—soon to be "as a
thing that wa? not." Politicians have already ta-
ken sides for and against it; and the appeals of
reason and of jasfce are now alike unavailing.
I have not heard a solitary complaint from one
of my constituents for my vote in favor of this bill. *
On the contrary, I have received many warm and
grateful acknowledgments in approbation of my
course. I have in my drawer a long list of the
most respectable name? in Louisiana, urging me to
oppose tbe repeal of the bankrupt law. No man
in this House would rejoice more than I wonld to
see this bill amended ; but I will hold on to it as it
is, sooner than see it repealed. I am opposed to
the oppression of the debtor, in every shape, form,
and manner. Debt is a misfortune; and bitter is
the cup of life (Heaven knows) to the unfortunate
debtor, at best, without being treated as a criminal.
I am willing to see the debtor forced to make an
honest, fall, and unqualified surrender of alike has:
and then I would palsy the arm of the Shylock who
