CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
si
would attempt to take his pound of flesh. Thus
is the poor man'siaw; and it. stands "solitary and
ftlene," as the poor man's law, in the history of the
world. I am the open and avowed advocate of a
bankrupt law to benefit debtors, and not a law to
benefit creditors exclusively ■ I would not make a
prospective law, to favoror shield the debtor; but
I would place him henceforth beyond the reach of
personal cruelly and degradation. His property
might be seized and sold; the roof that shelters
his wife and children from the peliings of the piti-
less storm might be taken from him, and they
might be turned over to penury and want. But
his person, at least, should be sacred. The credi-
tor should not touch a hair of his head after he had
made a fair and honest surrender of everything he
was worth on the face of the earth.
"Man's inhumanity to man
Makes countlcss million* mourn;"
and wise legislation will always defend and protect
the weak, the helpless, the unfortunate, and op-
pressed. The fate of the bankrupt law is already
foretold. I entertain no doubts of i=s being re-
pealed in a few days. It is the first law that
ever was passed—and, I greatly fear, it will be
the last—to favor the poor and the unfortunate. It
is idle to resist the power of money; to its secret,
subtle, and pervading influences, imagination can
dpvise, and strength can scceuiplisb no bar. It
will buy the prayers of the church, the fidelity of
man, and the love of woman. It is ibe alpha and
omega of all hnman desires. Reason and justice
are impotent when opposed lo the magic power ot
gold.
"PJato sin with gold,
And the strong lance of Justice hurtleee breaks;
Clothe it in rags, a pigmy's straw doth pierce it "
One overgrown capitalist, or rich creditor, has more
influence over the National Legislature of this
country than five thousand unfortunate and perse-
cuted debtors.
Repeal this law, and how inconsistent and rep-
rehensible the majority of this House must appear
in the "sober second thought" and dispassionate
consideration of a free and intelligent community !
They have forced a good law, in a bad shape, up-
on the nation; and now that the hour of amend-
ment is almost at hand—I mean the meeting of
the 28 h Congress—they are about to bUst forever
the last hope of the broken hearted and desponding
debtors throughout our vast jlomain. They are
now eagev and impa'ient to destroy, with a ruthless
hand, the most salutary and effective checks upon
that reckless credit system which has cast a gloom
of desolation over the land.
I voted for this bill, not because I considered it
perfect, but with a hope thai it would soon be
amended and made perfect. I do not believe that
any man or party can make a bankrupt law that
will at first be invulnerable in all its part*. I am,
consequently, disposed to make the mcst of this. I
am for salutary, j diciou>,  n<t necessary amend-
ments; and 1 am op;>o*ed to lh^ lepeal. I have
always been in favor of a judieiouq national bmk-
rupt law; and I earnestly contend that this is a
most propitious hour for the mos! happy legii-lation
upon the .subject. I sincerely ri-Kiet beine compelled,
by ths deep and rooted conviciions of my mind,
and thr> best impulses of my heait, to differ, in this
tinglt instance, with my Democratic iriend1'. If
any man ever was truly proud of his party, Iamllie
man. I may be wrong; but if I am, it is an error
both of the head and of the heart. I cannot favor
the few to oppress the many If I do err, 1 feel that
it is an error on the side of mercy.
Mr. CUSH1NG rose in opposition to the repeal
of the bankrupt law. He thought that, instead of
immediately repealing this measure, and thus ex-
hibiting to the country the spectacle of a vacil-
lating body—undoing to-day what it had done
yestetdav; it should be allowed to remain in force,
and be further tested by public judgment. Instead
of a hasty and precipitate action, he thought the
public interests would be better promoted by mod-
ifying the law so as to exclude voluntary appti
cants for its benefit, and to include corporations is-
suing paper for circulation. Let it be modified to
suit the views of gentlemen, but ts.ot wantonly de-
moliihed.
If, however, the law must be repealed, he hoped
the House would not put upon the record an un-
truth, saying that it had been repealed on the 5th
of December, as was implied by the provision of
the bill as introduced by the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Everett.] In addition to this untruth,
which would be implied, the provision was, he
thought, unjust, and would involve she whole com-
merce of the country in difficulty. He argued that
it was in the highest degree unjust in Congress to
refuse to make provision in regard to pending pro-
cess in the courts, and earnestly remonstrated
against a retrospective repeal of the law. The act
of repeal should, he thought, take' effect from its
passage, and not from any date in the past time.
Mr. C. said he would take this occasion lo pre-
sent a memorial from Philadelphia against the re-
peal of the law, which he would have read as a
portion of his remarks.
Mr. ADAMS availed himself of the opportunity
to present a petition for the same purpose.
Mr. FERRIS presented two petitions from the
city of New York against a repeal.
Mr. EVERETT objected to the presentation of
any further memorials, as irregular.
Mr. CUSHING resumed, and proceeded in an-
swer to some of the remarks submitted a few days
since by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Arnold ] He agreed with that gentleman in part
of what he had said. It was true that there were ob-
jections to the act in the first place; yet these had
been either extenuated, or had lost their force. The
main objection to the passage of the law was, that
it would operate on contracts made, and would
thus affect vested rights. Now, this objretion ap-
plied with eqnsl force to the repeal of the measure
as proposed in the present bill, since many enter-
prises had been entered into by men acting in ref-
erence to iis continuance.
He "would say to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Arnold,] that he would not have ventured
to use language of condemnation so strong as that
u;ed by hia. when addressing the House on the
repeal of this law. That gentleman had proceeded
to make personal references to high functionaries
of 'he Government, and to introduce them here as
if their destiny, or their remaining in office, was
material to the repeal of the hatikrupt law. If the
remarks of the gentleman were at all relevant to
the question, equally so would be a reply. In con-
sidering the exciting debates which often took place
in that body, he thought they were bound to ob-
serve the fact, that the House of Representatives
was the great voice ol the nation—the safeiy-valve
of the democratic impulsss of the people. From
the nature of our Government, discussions must
frequently be carried on with earnestness, with
excessive zeal, and sometimes with indecorum;
yet he felt bim.'elf at I berty to dec'are, contrary
to the opinion of the press elsewhere, that this
was the most decorous of all deliberative national
assemblies in the world. He knew it was more
orderly than either the House of Commons in Eng-
land, or the Chamber of Deputies in France.
He next proceeded to notice ths remarks of the
gentleman (ront Tennessee [Mr. Arnold] in rela-
tion to the Secretary of State, and the speech made
by that officer at Boston, wherein he was charged
with acting, not from a desire to promote the pub-
lic welfare, but solely from a lust of office.
When such a strain of vehement denunciation as
had been applied to the Secretary of S ate was
used by a memb°r on that floor, he felt it to be his
doty to say something in reply. And, in relation
to the charge of love of office, he would ask, bow
was a man capable of doing good service to his
country, unless he held office and was in power?
Was there an individual, without a public trust,
who could carry out his purposes of good to the
country? AM experience showed that it was im-
possible to accomplish beneficial ends without the
possession of power. Indeed, the gentleman, after
thus impugning the motives of the Secretary of
State, would have been equally justified in impu-
ting the fame seifish Views to every man in the
United States who had ever held office, from
George Washington down to the present time.
He, (Mr. C.) therefore, denied that any man hold-
ing office cou'd be properly accused of a personal
and interested motive in so doing.
He could not join issue with the gentleman [Mr.
Arnold] upon the terms of general obloquy used
with regard to the functionaries'oi the Administra-
tion; but he would deal with specific facts and
measures, and also with intentions as clearly and
plainly developed, whenever they came up for dis-
cussion. He would say this, as well for others and'
for parties, as for the gentleman from Tennessee.
It was now the beginning of a short session—the
last of the present Congress. A mass of business
was before that body—business of deep interest to
themselves, to their constituents, and to the c tin -
try. Under this state of facts, the first reflection
with him was, whether it was for the interest of tbfr
country, let whatever party that might have the
ascendency, to throw aside all legislation, and -hut
their eyes to all its wants, in order to pass off into
an episodical discussion regarding the character of
the officers of the Government? If he had argued1
strictly, the questions of the bankrupt law and tbe
treaty with England, were not at all affected by
the character of the men now in power. In pro-
portion, therefore, as gentlemen should enter into a,
discussion of these personal relations, would they-
depart from that line of conduct which was best
calculated to promote the public business.
It was now nearly two yeais since, in accord-
ance with a vote of the people, a change took place
in the administration of the Government. Since-
that time, an internecine war had arisen in the-
dominant party. The war had now been pursued'
for about one year and a half; but, in the midst of'
it, the Federal Government, with its fixed Constim-
tion, had stood, like the god Terminus, defying the
progress of those who were rushing against it.
The country hasl seen one party throw itself againit
the immovable rock of the Constitution. What
had been the consequence? The party thus hurl-
ing itself against the constitutional rock was dashedi
to atoms.
He thought that enough of recrimination had
been heard m the House, and throughout the coun-
try, during the period to which he had refrrred; and.
he would ask, what interests were to be promoted
by its further continuance? Was any personal ob-
ject to be promoted by a perseverance in these-
attacks on the part of the Whig pari}? It was
remarkable enough that one p?rty should!
have broken itself down against Ihe Federal Gov
ernmentjbut what was tbe series of even's on.
which we were about to entet? It was an old
maxim that experientia docet. He was almost in-
clined to think that, in the present case, this maxim,
would have to be reversed, and made to read txpe-
rimtia non docet [Mr. C. J. Ingebsoll: "Nocet "J
Then it mightfbe that experience would hurt, rather
than teach. The other party had, during this war-
fare, so long carried on, been occupying an envia-
ble position. They had been folding tbeir arms,
looking on and laughing; whiht their opponents,
like Kilkenny cat*, were pa'ins each other up from
head to tail. [Laughter.] This agreeable situa-
tion was now about to end; and it appeared, from
givmgs out in various quarters, that this party was
also about to hurl itself against the same immova~
hie rock cn which the other had split. [Laughter,
lasting-some time ] A gentleman near him said he
was mistaken, he might be; yet he was under tbe
impression that, however individual leaders might
think and wish, that consequence would follow.
[Laughter.]
He had said the Federal Government was on
a fixed basis at Washington. That was the foun-
dation of his argument. Now he would suppose
a man called to be President of the United States.
It mattered not whether he was elected, or whether
the office devolved upon him by contingencies con-
templated in the Constitution. He was President.
What, then, was his first duty? To consider how
to discharge his functions. He (Mr. C.) thought
the President was bound to look around at the
facts, and see by what circumstances he was sup-
ported. Gentlemen might talk of treason; much
had been said on that subject; but the question for
tbe individual who might happen to be President
to consider was, How is the Government to be
carried on? By whose aid? He (Mr. Cdshimo)
