90
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. K., in conclusion, said that be would, at ihe
* suggestion of the gentleman, strike oat the words
"foreign ports," though he did not see the neces-
sity for doing so; for informatieh would desirable,
come from wha'ever quarter it might.
Mr. KENNEDY, of Maryland, entirely con-
curred with the gentleman from Georgia as to the
propriety and expediency of such an inquiry as he
had suggested. He had now in his possession a
petition from a gentleman residing on the Pacific,
jpointing out the importance of a mail communi-
cation between this country and the Pacific, through
the Isthmus of Panama. He should present
that petition at the first opportunity allowed him
to do so;
Mr. K1NQ of Georgia begged leave to add, that
he teo had received various eommunicaiioBS, which
he should take the earliest opportunity of present-
ing. it was not unknown to the House, that at
the lastsession this subject was under cons'deration,
and referred for the action of a committee. He
hoped there would be no objection to the ap-
pointment of a committee.
the question was theh put, and the resolution
adapted.
On motion by Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland,
the pftition to which he had just referred was
committed to the Select Committee ordered by the
abovementioned resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to discharge the
Committee of the "W hole from the further consid-
eration of the bill (No. IDS) to changc the place
Of holding the circuit and district courts for the dis-
trict'of Maine.
Mr. B. RANDALL objected.
Mr. FESSENDEN m'ived the suspension of the
rules, which motion was cariied; and the previous
motion of Mr. F., to discharge th« Committee of
the Whole from the bili, was agreed to; and,
After a short discussion between Messrs. FES-
SENDEN and RANDALL, the bill was amended,
and ordered to be engrossed for a thud reading.
"Mr. FESSENDEN then moved that the bili be
put upon its passage; but
Mr. B. RANDALL objecting, it was laid over
till to-morrow,
Mr. EVERETT moved that the House pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
INDEMNITY FOR FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. ADAMS observed that he gave notice the
©ther day tha1 he should this day move to go irto
Committee of the Whole, for the purpose ot' act-
ing on the bill providing indemnity for French spo-
liations prior to 1800. That bill (Mr. A. said)
stood first on the calendar, and he now moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of taking it up.
Mr. PICKENS mquiied whether this proposi-
tion took precedence over the bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion was in
order,
Mr. MEDILL called for ihe yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, on taking the question,
resulted in yeas 88, nays 93, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay-
Babcock, 13aker, Barnard, Boardman, Borden, Briggs,
Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah BrowptBurneI!, Child--, Chitten-
den, John C. Clark, f?taley N Claike, James Coopei, Oowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Cushingr, Ferns, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gates.
Gerry, Gidding*, Patrick G. Goode, Grander, Gustine, XTaH,
Henry, Holmes, Hudson, Hunt, CliaiiesJT Jrigersoll, Joseph
It. _ Ingersoil, James Irvin, W. W. Irwin, Is^ac D, Jones,
Keim, John P. Kennedy, Kins, Linn, McUhiot, Maxwell, May-
nard, Morean, Morris. Morrow, Osborne, Parmenter, Plumer,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, A. Randall, Randolph, Rirtgway,
Roosevelt, James M.Russell, Saltonstall, Sanfoul, Slade, Tru-
man Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Stokely, SLratton,Sumier, Sweney,
Taliaferro, Tilltnghaat, Tomlmson, Trumbull, Warren, Wash-
ington, Joseph L, \*rhite, Thomas W. Williams, Christopher
B. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Wood,
Augustus Young, and John Young—88.
NAYS— Messrs. LandafTW. Andrews, Arnold, Arlington,
Atherton, Birdseye, Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V,
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, William Butler, William 0.
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Camp-
bell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers,
Cary, Casey, Clifford, Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Doig, East-
man, Egbert, Everett, John G. Floyd, C. A. Floyd, Fornance,
Gentry, Gogspn, Goidon, Graham, Green, Harris, Hast nesj
Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Howard Hubard, Jack, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Lutlefield, Lowell .Robert
McClellan, McKennan, Marchand, Alfred Marshall Samson
Mason, Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Meriwether, Miller,Mitchell,
Moore, Newhard,Owsley, Patridge, Payne,Pickens, Pope, Ray-
ner, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, W. Rus-
sell, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, Steenrod, Alex. H. H. Stuart,
John T, Stuart, Summers, Richard W. Thompson, Trotti,
Turney, Van Buren, Wallace, Ward, Wattereua, Weller, and
Westbrook—99.
So the House refused to go into Committoe of
the Whole.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, in accord-
ance with the notice he had given, asked leave to
introduce the bill in relation to the congressional
districts.
Objection was made.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, the House took
up the bill for the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana, who was entitled
to the floor, addressed the House at length m re-
ply to the gentleman .from Massachusetts [Mr.
Gushing.] He had supposed that the present ses-
sion was to be devoted entirely to business, and the
progress made thus far had confirmed his expecta-
tions. No pvidecce of a disposition to make the
hall of the House an arena for party conflicts had
appeared iftitil yesterday, when the remarkable
spectacle was exhibited of a special friend of the
present Administration coming here to throw fire-
brands into the House, and to charge the majority
with neglecting the public business. This charge
of neglect of the public business by Ihe Whig par-
ty was the war-cry at the commencement of the
last session, throughout its progress, at its close,
and during the recess. It seemed that the same
war-cry was now tn be resumed.
At the close of the extra session, the country
was told that the President would propose meas-
ures of relief to a suffering country. A measure
was presented at the next session, and referred to
a committee of the peculiar fiiendsof the Presi-
dent, who had ample opportunities to digest it.
This committee; after mutilating—that was the
word—Ihe plan of the President, made a report,
which was allowed to sleep upin the table, without
any attempt to have it taken up, until near the end
of the long session,
Mr. CUSHING here rose, and remarked that
the gentleman was in error as to this statement.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed. The country had
been constantly told that the Whig party was
responsible for the want of proper legislation
by Consri-ss; that they were derelict from their
duty. He had supposed that this warfare
tvould have ceased, and that all prejudices
would be surrendered up upon the common sil-
tar of patriotism; but it> seemed that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had taken a special
occasion to evince a contrary course of conduct.
The gentleman seemed to have assumed the char-
acter o; auctioneer jor this bankrupt Administra-
tion, and he took it that Ihe gentleman woald be
entitled to a good part of its effects. This was
the first time m the history of any civilized coun-
try that a Government had, through the person of
its acknowledged leader—a man doing mcM of its
speaking, and much of its thinking—stalked into
a representative assembly, and openly put ap tbe
Administration in the common market to the
b:he^t bidder I The gentleman too, spoke by au-
thoiity, and not on mere idle rumor, His positions
were not thoughtlessly taken, tor they tallied with
the dec!arati"ns m his Newboiyportspeech, where-
in he affirmed that the President had wished to
declare that he would not be a candidate for a
second term. From whom did he ieceive this in-
formeiion' Of course, he priust have received it
from the President or the Secretary of State, be-
cause they alone could have furnished it.
He referred to Ihe fact, that it was formerly
charged that a large number of applications for
office were on file from Whig*, and to Ihe action of
the House on this charge. The House bad called
on the President for the names of these applicants ;
but the President said they were made to hiro in
confidence, snd he could not, communicate thero
to the House. How did the fact of these applica-
tions having been made get out, unless from the
President h'm-elf! No sootier was the President
called on for the names, than he threw himself up<
on the reserved ground of confiderce.
He next referred to the charge that negotiations
were entered into on the part of Whig members
of Congress to produce a continuation of the late
Cabinet in office. So far as he was concerned, h4
hurled the charge from him with indignation. He
believed the charge wholly unfounded, and called
on the authors of it to name the men who had
made any such proposition to the Executive.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had said that
Ihe Whig party—of which he was once so able a
defender, and so distinguished a member—was
now prostrate, with its banner trailed in the dust,
by the power of the Executive. The gentleman
said they were das-hed against a constitutional fact.
What was that fact1? The veto power. He ob-
served, it was the duty of the President to look
around him, and gain support where he could; re-
ferring particularly to the minority on this floor.
The gentleman also told the minority that they
would be dashed to pieces, like their predecessors,
unless they came into the measures of the Presi-
dent; but it yet remained to be seen whether he
would get a bid. Judging from the expression of
opinion by the leading org';n of the Democratic
party, he (Mr. T.) was inclined to think that no
bid would be offered by a portion of that party.
He thought, from givings-out m various quarters,
that the President would ultimately have to resort
to this "constitutional fact," !o defend himself
against a large portion even of that party. Indeed, it
was doubtful whether there would be bidders from
either side.
But the gentleman, in speaking of (the various
candidates for the Presidency, had declared that
there were persons connected with the Administra-
tion, who would yet be heard upon that subject.
The friends of this Administration had already been
heard from the Northern to the Southern portion
of this Union. They were constantly declaring
that a storm was brewing. Now, he thought the
word bankrupt was the only word applicable to
this Administration;—an Administration which, un-
der the voluntary provision of the bankrupt law, by
it.< acknowledged chief, had put itself up in market
to the highest bidder.
He recollected well—though he was very yotmg
at the time, and not prepared to take part in the
political discussions of the day—=t'nat, during the
Administration of the distinguished and venerable
. gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.Adams,] there
arose in this country a party, who, upon the bare
supposition, (which was dispelled on an examina-
tion of the facts)—upon the bare suspicion that
there was what was called a bargain, intrigue, and
management between the then head of the
Administration, and another distinguished citi-
zen who was a member of his Cabinet, made
it a subject of the most bitter and vindictive
denunciation. Yet, notwithstanding that this
part of our hi,«to<'y was still fresh in the recol-
lection of the gentleman from Massachusetts—
when we see, in this age of Republican liberty, a
geatleman descended from a line of illustrious
Revolutionary ancestry—coming, too, almost from
the very Cradle of Liberty, and acting as the orgaa
of the Administration on this floor—boldly, shame-
lessly, and unbiushingly offering the spoils of of-
fice as a consideration for party support, we may
well have cause for alarm. How many clerk-
ships were therein Philadelphia to be disposed of
in this manner? From the collector down to the
lowest tide-waiter, the power of appointment was
to be directed for the purpose of operating on the
coming Presidential contest. Who, now, would
charge the Whig party wilh shaping their meas-
ures with a riew to the elevation of a particular
individual, after hearing the bold and open avow-
al from the genlleman that the present Adminis-
tration would shape their measures for the purpose
of operating on the coming contest? Bat (said
Mr. T.) there was something exceedingly ridicu-
lous jn the idea of the Administration party—and
such a party, too!—coming into the Representative
hall, and telling its members lhat it had the power
to dispose of the various candidates for the Presi-
dency at its pleasure, and controlling the votes of
nearly three millions of freemen by means of its
veto power, and ihe power of appointment and re-
moval. He could not but be strack, on reading
the remarks of the gentleman this morning, with
the similarity between them and a remark made
by one of the officers of his own native State,
