1
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
This man (a constable) in serving a process
on an individual, (a sturdy farmer,) found some-
what more of resistance than was to be ex-
pected in that land of steady habits. He was
rudely shaken by the party arrested; upoft which,
with an assumption of great dignity and import-
ance, he said: "I would have you to understand
that, in shaking me, you are shaking the common-
wealth " So it was with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who assumed so much power and im-
portance for his party. We are, said he, "the
fixed fact" around this Government at Washing-
ton; and this fixed fact will knock your brains out
if you don't come into our support. We bide our
time; we see your disagreements, and out of these
disagreements we hope the President will have
some control over future events; while the distin-
guished men around him will, when they see
proper, "nave a word to say."
This idea of the gentleman, that the Administra-
tion party will be able to decide between the two
great parties which divided the counlry, reminded
him of an anecdote he had read in one of his
school-books. A large rooster strutted into a sta-
ble, where there were several horses, and, flutter-
ing his wings with gieat importance, said: ' Let us
take care, my friends, that we tread not on each
other's toes." The gentleman, with equal airs of
importance, assumed that the veto power, and all
. the appointments and removals, were so to be di-
rected as to be brought to bear on the coming eloc-
tions of 1844. All, then, thai the gentleman had
hitherto said about the President's conscience, and
the moral and religious obligation that was on him
to exercise this veto power tn the case of the bank
bills, was vain declamation; bince he now avowed
that this power was to be exercised Cor party and
political purposes. In all the contests between
General Jackson and the parly in opposition to
him, it was never pretended by any one that he
used the veto power for the purpose of operating
on the elections. It was charged against him, that,
in the use of the power, he set his own will up in
opposition to that of the people, as expressed
through (heir representatives in Congres*, and in
carrying out the Constitution as he, and not they,
understood it; but no one ever charged him with
using it for party and political purposes. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts complained that the
President of the United States had been badly
treated; and that he him<elf had been badly treatsd
by the Whig party. The gentleman said yester-
day that he and his friend from Virginia, who sat
near him, [Mr. Wise,] had been giossly abused—
bad been called traitors.
Mr. CUSHING begged leave to correct the gen-
tleman. He made no complaint; but said that
bis friend from Virginia and himself bad had more
than their share of the obloquy which fell on all
public men.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. Ifthe gentleman
did not complain yesterday, he would go back to
former time?, when he did complain. He would
refer to his speech to his constituents, and to his
speech at the !a">t session, when he complained
that a caucus dictation had arisen which dnected
the most bitter and violent denunciations against
him, and the Administration with which he acted.
Yet, notwithstanding this charge against the Whig
party, the gentleman complained of being badly
treated.
The gentleman commenced this wjr himself.
When the members of the Whig party felt them-
selves bound to declare that they absolved them-
selves from all connexion with the President, and
that they would be no longer responsible for his
Measures, the gentleman, in a speech on that floor,
said that they had been compelled to take that
course by caucus dictation. The manifesto-Whigs
of the extra session proclaimed to the world that
they owed no further obligation to support the ad-
ministration of President Tyler; that he had soiled
the pure ermine which had been thrown around
him; that he brought rebuke and degradation on
the office he filled; and that they could no longer
be responsibfe for his administration. We were
not ashamed (said Mr. T.) to go before the country
and tell the people that we wera disappointed in
the man whom we had elevated to power; and, in
all the subsequent developments of his policy, our
predictions were fully verified. Referring to Mr.
Spencer's letter, Mr; T. said that, supposing the
President did make a proposition to his Cabinet
that he would decline being a candidate for re-
election, di4 it follow, as a -matter of course, that
the other facts stated by the Secretary of War
were authorizsd to be inferred by him? All that
took place on that occasion would have been con-
sidered, by any man of common intelligence, as
perfectly incongruous with the matter then before
the Cabinet. If the President was a co-ordinate
branch of the Government, (as said by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts,) how supremely ridicu-
lous was it for hifn to declare that hs would not
be considered a candidate for re-election, just be-
cause his opinions were at variance with those
held by another ce-ordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment.
In relation to the bank bills, Mr. T. said that the
Secretary ofState, [Mr. Webster,]ina letter written
by him neafly at the close of that session, was the
first who intimated a desire for the postponement
of that question: he said it was the President's de-
sire that the bank bills ihould be postponed to the
next session of Congress. The same thing- was
communicated by the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts himself to his constituents; and yet, with
these facts staring him in the face, the Secretary
of War said that the proposition came from the
Whig party to postpone the further consideration
cf the bank bill, on the condition that the President
would retain the members of his Cabinet in office.
But it seemed to him (Mr. T.said) most singu-
lar that the doctrines held by the gentleman in
1834, on the subject of the veto power, could have
been uttered by a gentleman who now regarded it as
the mere instrument of party, to be used to operate
on the elections to be held. Mr. T. here read co-
pious extracts from a speech delivered by Mr. C.,
in 1834, at Faneuil Hall, in which the exercise of
the veto power by General Jackson was comment-
ed on with much severity. After some further re-
marks, Mr. T. said he had one inquiry to make
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. It remain-
ed now for the countiy to know who it was on that
floor that was prepared te receive this proffer on
the part of the Administration for executive sup-
port. The gentleman had not made this proposi-
tion to the Whig party, for he told them that they
bad butted their brains out against the bucklers of
executive authority; but he understood him as ad-
dressing himself to the minority. It remained,
therefore, for them to tell the country whether they
were prepared to consummate the alliance thus
proffered. In propositions of this nature, silence
was sometimes considered as giving consent; and it
became them, therefore, to speak out, lest their
silence might be taken as an acceptance of
the proposals. The leading organ of the Dem-
ocratic party told them this morning that that
branch of it would have nothing to do with
this alliance; but he wished to hear what was said
on that floor on the subject. He did hear one gen-
tleman say that he had a great mind to make a bid,
bu' he was afraid that the people would not sanc-
tion the bargain. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts came out boldly and openly with his pro
position. He put the Administration up to the
highest bidder, pad played the auctioneer with con-
siderable skill and ability. "Going, going," said
the gentleman; "can't I gcta higher bid?" [Laugh,
ter, and cries of "A postponed sale."]
The gentleman exulted in the fate of the Whig
party, and told them with much satisfaction that
their party was destroyed. Now, let him ask the gen-
tleman, in the utmost sincerity of his heart,whether he
did not feel some little mortification and regret when
he saw the banner under which he had so often
rallied trailing in the dust, and trampled under the
feet of those against whom he had fought for so
many years?
After a few more remarks, not distinctly heard
by the reporter, Mr. T. took his seat.
Mr. EVERETT obtained the floor, and, with a
few preliminary remarks, moved the previous
question. Before taking the question on this
motion, however, Mr. E. asked that there migh!
be a call of the House,
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana appealed to tbs
gentleman from Vermont to withdraw the call for
the previous question until he, or some gentleman
on his side of the House, could be beard on the
subject.
Mr. EVERETT refused to comply.
Mr. KENNEDY said, if he could miike no bet-
ter arrangement, he would undertake to renew
the motion, if the gentleman would withdraw it.
Mr. EVERETT insisted on his motion. '
The question was then taken on the motion for
a call of the House, and it was negativedi
Mr. BRIGGS called for tellers on seconding the
demand for the previous question. Tellers, how-
ever, were not appointed; and the motion of the
genileman from Vermont was negatived.
Mr. KENNEDY then proceeded to address the
House. The question of repealing the bankrupt
law, he said, had created considerable sensation i 
that House. He originally voted against the pas-
sage of thatlaw, but not because he was opposed to ft
well-regulated bankrupt system; and he should
vote for the repeal bill, because he conceived a
large majority of the American people had decided
against the bill as it was. Bat he was free to say
that he believed the bankrnpt Nw of the extra ses-
sion hsd dene its worst; or, in the language of th8
gentleman from Vermont* who \ 'as its advocate,
it had answered the purpose of i*s passage; or
rather, he (Mr. K.) might say, the purpose of
those who passed it, . It bad givci. the advantage
to many, who were noi entitled to'it, to get rid of
their honest debts; and now, when the time hadjs.r-
rived at which many honest men would take ■
advantage of its provisions, it was to be repealed.
He responded, then, fully to the observation of
the gentleman from Vermont—that it had accom-
plished its object; and he (Mr. K.) would now
vote agains-t its repeal, if on this bill they could
engiaft a good ore—one that would be prospective
in its operation, and that should include corpora-
tions wnhia its provisions. Bu'> as he had
said, he should now vote for tile repeal bill,
because the American people had said it must be
repealed. Ke must, however, be permitted to say
that the manner and the mode of the passage of
that law were objectionable to him, and the HousB
must excuse him if he spoke plainly on that sub-
ject. What, then, were the circumstances under
which that bill became the law of the land? He
understood one purpose to be, that it might be the
means of passing other laws—that was the under-
standing he bad at the time of its passage; but he
had since heard it avowed by members or\ that
floor—not in their capacity as members, certainly—
that it was passed to carry the elections in the
States of New York and Maine.
He now understood that it was feared by Whig
gentlemen on that floor, that, unless they passed
the bankrupt law, the Whig party would lose the
States of New York and Maine; and in considera-
tion of the Whigs carrying those States, the
bankrupt law was enacted. He had beard some
gentlemen say since, that, tfecugh they had paid
the consideration, they bad not received the
equivalent, [laughter,] and he supposed their de 
feat ope'ated on some of those gentlemen, and
prompted them to this summary execution. [Re-
newed laughter.] Yes, because the Whigs, in-
stead of carrying those States as they bargained,
were routed "horse, foot, and dragoons," they
would take back the bill. [Laughter.] Now, if
that bill was passed with any such object, it was
an unholy and dishonorable combination to be-
tray the best interests of the country.
But he repeated, the mode and manner of the
passage of that bill rendered it as obnoxious to
him as the principles it contained. He objected to
it, first, because of what it did contain; and, sec-
ondly, because of what it did not. That bill ought
never to have been made to operate retrospectively,
or on debts already contracted; for that was, in ef-
fect, to repudiate ihose contracts, and it was a wi-
ping of them out with a congressional sponge. On
that account, then, it became odious to the Ameri-
can people. But, further: it ought to have con-
tained a provision to embrace corporations issuing
paper as money; and it became odious to the Amer-
ican people also on account of that omission. And
