CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The following bills,, which had been ordered to be
engrossed heretofore, were taken up, read the tbird
time, and passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of J. R. Vienne, of Lou-
isiana;
The bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Ark-
ansas, who lost their improvements in consequence
of the treaty between the United States and the
Choctaw Indians;
The bill allowing drawback upon foreign, mer-
chandise exported in the original packages to Chi-
huahua and Santa Pe, in Mexico;
The bill (o authorize the S?creary of ihe Treas-
ury to make an arrangement or compromise with
any of the sureties on the bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the
customs for the port of New York;
The bill for the relief of Stalker and Hill; and
The bill for the relief of Ephraim B. Dixon.
Mr. CONRAD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, there being no objection, was then
considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tlie Treasury make report
to the Senate what proportion of the public lands in the State
Qt Louisiana have been returned as not worth the cost of sur-
vey; and also, if practicable, to cause to be prepared and trans-
muted to the Senate a plan or diagram of such lands, showing
the situation and character thereof.
The bill allowing compensation to pension
agents came up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BATE3 explained that the bill allowed pen-
sion agents 2 per cent, upon all disbursements,
subject to the discretion of the Secretary of War;
but in no case were such aeents to be allowed more
than $1,000 per annum,'whatsoever the amount of
money disbursed by them.
Mr. BENTON was opposed to the system of al-
lowing percentases on disbursements, and remark-
ed that it had been abandoned heretofore by Con-
gress, in consequence of the great abuses which
grew up under it. It was wrong in princip e, be-
cause it caused a conflict of interests between the
agent and the United Stales. It made it the inter-
est of the ag^nt to increase the disbursements,
while it was the interest of the United Soles that
they should be diminished. .
Messrs. BATE?, KINS, PHELPS, and SE-
VIER maintained that it was indispensably neces-
sary, and just and proper, that some compensation
should be made those agents for the duties they
performed lor the Government; and, unless it was
done, it would be impossible to get persons to take
all the responsibility of disbursing large sums of
•money at their own r.sk. They pointed out the
danger of the old mode of compensating agents;
that was, by allowing them to make use of the
money (which was deposited in their hands some
monihi m advance of the time of payment to the
pensioners) in speculating purposes, before its dis-
bursement; and showed that the alternatives were
either to continue this mode, with its dangers; to
give a percentage on the sum disbursed, or a fixed
salary; or to be left without agents at all. Agents
were indispensably necessary; and they preferred to
allow a percentage on disbursement^, under the
guards in the bill, because it was the mcst eco-
nomical and just mode—the agent bting compen-
sated only in proportion no his disbursements, which
compensation ceuld in no case exceed $1,000.
After a few remark* by Mr. BENTON m reply,
and there being no proposnon to amend the bill,
it was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions was then taken up, as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. ARCHER moved to amend the bill, by re-
instating the salary of the Commissioner to what
it was two years ago, (#3,000 ;) stating, at the
same time, that it was done without any solicita-
tion on the part of the Commissioner, whom he
had never conversed with; though he had been in-
formed that he was a valuable officer.
Mr. BATES remarked that it was nothing more
than just that the salary of the Commissioner
should be reinstated to what it was formerly.
Though no application had been made by that offi-
cer to the Committee on Pensions to have that ob-
ject effected, he would be pleased to see it done.
Mr. SEVIER would acquiesce in the amendment,
if the Senate thpught proper to adopt it; bathe
thought, as the duties of that officer were dimin-
ishing yearly, and as the present was the time to
economize, it might not be proper to hazard the
passage of (he bill by such an amendment.
The question was put on the amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for. the relief of the Steamboat Com-
pany of Nantucket was then considered as in
committee of the whole; and, there being no mo-
tion to amend, it was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. LINN,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 29, 1842.
Mr. KENNEDY of Ma'yland observed that a
select committee was appointed yesterda", to in-
quire into the propriety of carrying the mail round
the coast by steamers; and he begged leave to offer
an additional lesolution, to inquire into the ex-
pediency of employing the same vessels for the
inspection of the light-houses on the coast.
Mr. K. thfn submitted the following; which was
considered and adopted:
Resolved, Thattl'e select committee appointed to inquire
into the expediency of contracting with private companies or
others for the transportation of the mail m steamers along the
c<#st, and for other purposes, he also instructed to inquireand
report a3 to the expediency of employing such stcameis, under
the direction ot the propei department, in visiting ami inspect-
in? iisjhi-houses upon the eeveial coasts of the United States,
ami of performing such dimes in reference thereto as may be
found conducive io the preservation and effective use of the
warne.
ASSUMPTION OP STATE DEBTS.
Mr. JAMES COOPER asked leave to present
the petition of a large number of oiiizens o( Adams
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to adopt
some measure which wiil give the Slates such a
portion of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, in the shape of stocks of the Federal Gov-
ernment, as will enable them to pay their debts,
&c. He was not going (Mr. C. said) to trouble the
House with any remarks on the subject of this
petition, further than to say that he was in favor
of its objects. He would prefer the sending it to
a select committee; and if the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson,] who had
heretofore presented petitions wiib Ihe same object
in view, and bad also given notice of his inten-
tion to introduce a bill on the subject, would now
move for the appointment of such a committee,
he would not move a reference to one of the
standing committees. He would be glad to see
this question brought fully before the people; for he
was sure that it would sooner or later commend
itself to their attention, as the best measure of re-
lief from ihe embariassments brought on them by
an inflated currency, us well as by a mal-Administra-
tion of the General Government.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON said that he would
avatl himself of tne occasion to make a motion
that would save a great deal of the time of Ihe
House. He had heretofore given notice of his in-
tention to introduce a bill on this subject; and if the
House would now agree to the appointment of a
select committee to take chaige of that bill, and
the petition now presented, together with all simi-
lar petitions, it would obviate the necessity of bis
making several speeches nnd several motions, which
he should otherwise be ob'iged to do. Mr. J. then
moved for the appointment of a select commit-
tee.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the mo-
tion and petition on the table.
Before taking Ihe question,
Mr. WM. C. JOHNSON presented a petition
on the same subjeet, signed by a number of the
citizens of the State of Maryland, together with
a letter from one of its signers, explaining its ob-
jects and bespeaking his favorable consideration;
which were read.
The question was thfn taken tn Mr. Cave
Johnson's motion to lay the whole subject on the
table; which motion was lost.
Tae question recurring on Mr. Wm. Cost John-
son's motion for the appointment of a select com-
mittee,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays, but they were not ordered; and
On taking the question, it was carried—ayes 76
noes 69.
So the select committee was ordered.
Mr. STEENROD, in pursuance of notice given
yesterday, on leave, introduced a bill to amend the
act establishing the district court of the United
States at Wheeling, Va.; which was read twice,
and referred to the Commiltee of the Whole, on
the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr CUSHING,
The report of the commissioners appointed for
the exploration and survey of the Northeastern
boundary was ordered to be printed.
GENERAL JACKSON'S PINE.
Mr. PICKENS presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of South Carolina, instructing their
Senators, and requesting their members, to aid th$
passage of a law to refund to General Jackson the
fine imposed npon him by Judge Hall, of New
Orleans, n 1816; and he moved that it might be
printed, and have the same direction as the resolu-
tions presented by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise]
The motion was agreed to, and the resolutions
were committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, having in charge a bill
on that subject.
Mr. P. also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina, asking Congress to re-
fund the fine imposed on Dr. Cooper, for libel
against the United States, under the alien and se-
dition iaw; ar.d, on his motion, the resolution was
referred to the Judiciary Committee, and ordered
to be primed.
Mr. EVERETT presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Vermont, asking the repeal of
the bankrupt law.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed, and
laid on the table.
Mr. EVERETT also presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Vermont, in relation to the con-
tinuance of pensions to certain widows.
The resolutions were ordered to be laid on the
table.
THE DISTRICT SYSTEM OP ELECTION.
Mr. EVERETT presented a memorial, signed
by 57 members of the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire, praying Congress to divide that State into
four districts for the election of members of Con-
gress; and, in doing so, be would state that the Le-
gislature ot New Hampshire had refused to lay it
<.'ff into districts. He concluded by moving that it
be referred to the Comrnitiee of Elections, and
th t it be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON inquired if it was in order
to say a word or two on that subject?
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order if
objections were made.
Mr. STANLY objected.
Mr. ATHERTON said he merely wished to
make one or two remarks in relation to that peti-
tion; and he observed that the gentleman from
Vermont had made some remarks on its introduc-
tion.
Mr. EVERETT said, if the gentleman from
New Hampshire wished to debate the petition, it
must go over.
Mr. ATHERTON said he merely wished fo say
a very few words; arid he tfcoald offer no objection
to the gentleman from Vetmont nifking just such
disposition of the memorial as he should choose.
[Clies of '-Go on.'"] The memorial purports to be
signed by fifty-seven numbers of the Legislature
of New Hampshire, and requests Congress to dis-
trict that State for the choice of members of Con-
gress. It seemed tj him to carry within itself its
own answer. It bears on its face the strongest ar-
gument (aside from any constitutional objections)
why its prayer should not be granted. He sup-
posed the object of the presentation of petitions and
memorials was to indicate to Congress the will of
the people. Now, this memorial states expressly
that the opinion of those representing a majority of
