96
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the people of New Hampshire is adverse to district-
ing the State, at present, for tbe choice of members
of Congress. It is signed by fifty-seven members
of the Legislature. The House of Representatives
of New Hampshire is composed of about two
hundred and forty members, and the Senate of
twelve members. Here, then, are one-fourth of
tbe members of tbe Legislature of N. Hampshire—
and thus, it is fair to infer, representing otse fourth
(or, at best, only a very small minority) of the peo-
ple of New Hampshire—coming here, and, by this
memorial, requesting the Federal Government to
interfere and put down the will of a large and
overwhelming majority of the people of the State.
Mr. EVERETT moved that tbe memorial be
read. That having been, done, he moved that it
be referred to tbe Committee of Elections, and that
it be printed.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved that it be laid on
the table.
That motion was negatived j and on the motion
of Mr. Everett, the memorial was referred to the
Committee of Elections, and it was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the orders of the day.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland obtained per-
mission to present a memorial from certain insu-
rance companies of the city of Baltimore, praying
Congress to remove the obstructions of the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
The SPEAKER then called for reports from
committees.
Mr. FERRIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made a report, accompanied by a bill, to test
the practicability cf establishing a system of elec-
tro-magnetic telegraphs in tbe United States.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Cooi-
mittee of the Whole.
On the monon of Mr. KENNEDY of Mary-
land, five thousand extra copies of the accompa-
nying report were ordered to be printed.
Leave was given to withdraw various papers
and peiitions.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made a report in the case of David All-
spach, accompanied by p. bill for his relief. The
bill was read twice, and re'erred to the Committee
of the Whole Hou?e.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, repotted the following joint resolu-
tion; which was adopted;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United S'/alfs of Amertcain Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of die House be, andihey
are hereby, instructed to furnish to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office the original reports from the several land
offices in the State of f<ou\sian&, made under the provisions of
an act entitled "An act for the final adjustment of claims to
lam! in the State of Louisiana," approved February G, 1835,
also, the uile-papers and evidence re'ating to claims m said re
ports, confirmed by an act entitled "An act confirming certain
land claims m Louisiana," approved July 6, 1842: Provided,
That claimants shall be entitled to withdraw the original title-
papers, after fair copies shall have been taken by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr G1DDINGS, from the Committeeof Claims,
reported the following bills:
A bill for the relief ol James E. Hunt and
other?; and
A bill for the relief (if Conrad House;
which were read twice, and referred to tbe Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee en
Military Affairs, reported a hill for tbe relief of
Boyd Reillv; read twice, and refeired to the Com-
mittee of tbe Whole House.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MAINE.
The engrossed bill "to change the time of hold-
ing the circuit and district coutts for the district of
Maine,"came up on its third reading.
Mr. B. RANDALL, after a few remarks in op-
position to the bill, moved to recommit it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
inquire into the expediency of striking out the first
section. He stated that he would be willing to
abide by the dec'sion of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN opposed the motion, and ex-
plained the obj°cts of the bill. He complained of
the danger in which the bill would be placed by
the proposed delay of action upon it.
Mr. RANDALL briefly rejoined.
Tbe House refused to recommit the bill.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
BILLS PROM THE SENATE.
The following bills from the Senate were read a
first and second time, and referred:
An act authorizing the relinquishment of the six-
teenth sections, granted for the use of schools, and
the entry of oiher lands in lieu thereof: referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
An act in relation to donations of land to certain
persons in the Slate of Arkansas: referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
An act to repeal certain parts of the act of Con
gress, approved August 31, 1842, entitled "An act
to establish certain post-roads:" referred to tbe
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A resolution to es'ablish an additional joint rule
in relation to the presentation of claims or peti-
tions: referred to the Committee of Claims.
LATE CONSUL AT TANGIER.
Mr. McKEON offered the following resolution;
which was adopted :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to communicate to this House (if, in his opinion, it be not in-
compatible with the public interest) copies of correspondence
between the late Consul General of the United States at Tan-
gier, and theGovemmentofMorocco.
SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
Mr. CROSS (in accordance with notice given
a few days since) introduced a bill to repeal so
much of the act of the 23d August, 1842, as in-
quires the 2.1 regiment of dragoons to be converted
into a regiment of riflemen after the 4th of March
next.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
MEMORIAL OF COLONEL BROOKS.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose to present a me-
morial from Colonel Brooks, of ihe District of Co-
lumbia, complaining of injustice done him in a re-
port of the Committee on Indian Affairs at the last
session. Mr. I stated that the author of the me-
morial was unknown to him, and it was immate-
rial to himself what reference was given it. After
some further remarks,
Mr. STANLY moved that the memorial be
laid on the table.
Mr. JAMES COOPER rose, and entered into an
explanation of the transaction complained of in
the memorial. He was proceeding to make stric-
tures upon it, when
Mr. BOWNE asked if the debate was in order.
The SPEAKER said, only by general consent.
Mr. WISE objected.
Mr. READ called for the orders of the day.
The question wa? then taken, and the memo-
rial was laid on the table.
Mr. WISE observed that he attempted the (ay
before yesterday to get the floor, before tbe gentle-
man f om Indiana, with the view not to enter at all
into this debate, but to move the previous ques-
tion. The position of the question, as it was now
presented, with tbe various amendments to the bill
for the repeal of the bankrupt law, was such, that
tbe issue would come up before the House precise-
ly as he desired it to come upon the amendment of
the rectleman from Massachusetts ; being that the
repeal should lake effect at the lime f[ the passage
of the act, and not to affect proceedings that have
been commenced, and are not yet concluded.
He could not see that the question now at i'ssue
h?d any connexion with the repeal of the bank-
rupt law. He could not see that anything that
had been said by hi-, friend from Massachusetts re-
quired any particular reply ; and, especially, he
could not have expected to hear such reply from
the quarter that it came from. He wa« ready to
vote at once for the repeal of the bankrupt law ;
but tke moment that be heard the remarks of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,] he was
compelled to fall into this debate, and to follow its
letter and spirit; and all that he regretted now wp.s,
that he bad not two hours instead of one, 'o tay all
tbat he had to say, and to endeavor to express what
he felt (and he felt more thaa he could express) on
the topics presented by that gentleman.
Calmly and coolly discussing this question, his
first object would be to place his ft lend and col-
league of the corporal's guard right, and in his
true position; and to remove the gross injustice
that had been done him by the gentleman from In-
diana. What did tbe gentleman say of his friend
from Massachusetts? He would repeat it; and he
would now remark, that he doubted not but that
the gentleman, after having slept a night on his re-
marks, was regretting what he bad said before this
hour of the day. From various places throughout
the report of the gentleman's remarks, which was
exceedingly correct, he selected two passages as a
sample of the injustice that hnd been done his
friend from Massachusetts. Mr. W. thee read the
following extracts:
''Mr. T. recollected that, during the Administrationjof the dis-
tinguished and venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
ABAMe,] there arose in this country a party who, on a bare
suspicion"—
and he might have added (Mr. W. said) a damn-
ing suspicion, that remains to this day, and will re-
main, whether it be false or true, .upon that Ad-
ministration, and all connected with it, forever.
Mr. W. continued reading:
"a suspicion which exploded on the examination of the fact§,
that there was what was called bargain, intrigue, and corrup-
tion between that distinguished and venerable gentleman and
another high functionaiy of the Government—that there arose a
party who, for numbers, intellect, and moral and political
power, had been unequalled in the history of the country."
The gent'eman might have added, (said Mr.
W.,) that the very elements of that party, which
have been scattered since the Administration of
General Jackson, remain, and entered into the
composition of both the parties now existing in the
country. He would not (Mr. W. said) comment
on the results that followed from the overlooking
of that fact. He would read further:
"AH this opposition to that Administration was the result of
a bare suspicion of corruption, bargain, or sale; ?nd yet, not-
withstanding that event was fiesh in the memory of tne coun-
try, and of every man in public life who was not a mere tyro in
politics, they here saw the time come, in this era of boasted
republican liberty, when an Ameiican Representative, repre-
senting an old Revolutionary State, one of the original thirteen—
descending himself from a lmeofilinstrious Revolutionary an-
cestry—was found coming into this hall, as a representative
of the Administration"—
An;' he would say that this was the first time
he ever heard of a man's coming there as the rep-
resentative of the Administration—a new charac-
ter of a representative, he must acknowledge.
"and boldly, openly, shamelessly offering the spoils of office
to the highest bidder."
And ihi*n the gentleman (he would not say he
ought to hive been an auctione-r, for he showed
that fce could imitate one very well,.) went through
all the scenes of a sale, a«d asked [reading:]
"Who bids? I can't dwelt. Here is a self evident fact m the
Constitution. Who bids'* Going, going, going. Can't I get
a bid) Will nobody bid? Gentlemen, the article must be
sold. Start it, start it, for God's sake, for something."
The gentleman might have added, these "hard
limes;" and the rfporier interlarded ''shouts of
laughter,"
Well, sir, what said another gentleman?—he
meant the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Ete-
rett.] That gentleman said that he "could not
see the slightest necessity for such a sneech in re-
ply to the gentleman from Tennessee. On the con-
trary, it had appeared to Mr. E. to be a prepared
speech—a studied speech, got in read'ness before-
hand, all ready to be brought out upon the first
occasion that should present itself. Nor should he,
indeed, subject himself to any great charge of un-
cbaritableness, if he ?,bou!d suggest that it was a
Cabinet fpcech, prepared upon advice, and uttered
by authority."
This was the report of tbe reporter; his report
was tbat "it was a semi-official and Cabinet
speech."
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) you and I, and all the gen-
tlemen here present yesterday—and he presumed
all who were present the day before yesterday-
heard what was said by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. There were more than two hundred
witnesses of all parties who heard the remarks of
his friend roa^e on that occasion.
Now, what did he say? Some things he had
written dov.ii, and were precisely in substance all
that any man could make of them, and all that the
acutest ingenuity could infer from all he said oa
that occasion. First, in reply to a speech of the
