CONCtRESSIOJVAli GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND R1 YES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong ....3d Skss.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1842.
Volume 12--'*No. T.
Continued from No. 6.
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Arnold] one
week age—a speech lhat had the start of his Iriend
from Massachusetts—not twenty-four hoars, but
seven days; his friend deprecated party excitement,
such as had been exhibited by the gentleman from
Tennessee; and this was called by the gentleman
from Indiana throwing a firebrand into the House.
He asked the gentleman from Tennessee, in the
language of imprecation, or of deprecation, why
these crirainatiens and recriminations between the
Whig party and the Administration should be con-
tinued. "Have you, gentlemen,"he asked, "gained
anything by this war upon John Tyler?—any-
thing by this game of heading Captain Tyler or
dying? Have you gained anything in warring
against the veto—this fixed fact in the Constitu-
tion? Have you gained anythiua by attempting to
tear the Constitution in tattew? Have the elec-
tions not satisfied you, in the name of sense, arid
ia the name of interest, that this war of crimina-
tion and recrimination has not helped your party—■
that the people are not satisfied with ii?" This
language of his friend from Massachusetts, ap-
pealing to common sense, to pairiotism, and
to good feeling, had been denounced by the
gentleman from Indiana as the throwing of
& firebrand into the House. The gent'eman
said tbat theie was no utnpc^t, no war of
offence or defence at this fes'ten of Congress,
until the gentleman from Massachusetts brg.-.n it.
He (Mr. W.) would say that he never did
begia it, even m leply; lis deprecated elimination
and recrimination, and the a.'sanlt that wa^ made
on him, was made by one of the friends of the gen-
tleman from Indiana. Sir, ( said Mr. W.,) we
were not disposed to enter into such conflicts. In
one respect, the gentleman was right He would
admit to him that his friend from Massachusetts
would have been in the wrong, if he had commen-.
eed this war on the Whin parti; and lhat it would
have been a cruel war, an inhuman war, and s
most wanton and unnecessary attack. What! at-
tack the Whig party now? He would as soon
think of suiting a woman, or kicking a dead body.
The people themselves (said Mr. W.) have made
the attack; the elections have decided ihe matter;
and all that we were doing with those ot them who
are alive at this time, and able to rise on this floor
and make assaults on the President of the United
States and hi* friends, was to ask permission to
hold bacii, and say to them ''hands off!" This
was all they wanted to do, ft r irally they must be
permitted the'privilege of self defence; and, if at-
tacked with deadly weapons, to defend themselves
with the most effective means in their power. Now,
the protest of his friend from Massachusetts, so
far from being intended to irritate and mortify
his opponents, was, with the memory of bis old
connexions with the Whig party, most calmly and
affectionately addressed to tin m, protesting against
this useless and unprovoked war they were
continually making upon tho Administration.
What did he do next? He told them that
they had made a fatal war upon the Constitution,
and upon the real in'ercstsand prosperity of the
country; and that upon this fixed power ui the
Consti'utiou their angry emotions wcrr dashed into
spray, as if from some mighty rock that was wash-
ed by the surges of the ocean. It was not the
President that his friend alluded to—not his power;
but the moral power of the people of the country;
and the gentleman, in derision of the "fixed fact,"
argued that there was no moral power nor spirit of
resistance in the people against attacks on our
.Constitution. He would say to them, in the lan-
guage of Curran, speaking of the British consiim-
tion, lhat our Cons'ttution v.(u!d survive more
than flames, more than conflagration; and that its
spirit,throughout all these conflicts of party, walked
safely abroad, fixed in the bosoms of the people,
enlivening them, moving them, actuating them,
and guarding them, as it was guarded by them.
Defeat upon defeat, he had told gentlemen, had
been only followed by malevolence towards the
President, and opposition to the Constitution as it
is; and he had begged gentlemen to allow reason
to resume its throne, to cease the strife of faction,
and to take the best thing they could get for their
country and for their constituents. In the third place,
his friend [Mr. Cdshing] went farther—recurring,
doubtless, to the violent war carried on in another
quarter, out of the House, against the Administra-
tion, by the metropolitan organ of ultra Democ-
racy—and he hoped he should be able to f xempt
ninety-nine out of every hundred of the Demo-
cratic party; but a few leaders of that parly were
determined that Jahn Tylrr should not have the
credit of Republicanism and Democracy with their
people and their followers, if they could help it-
men who themselves were looking, not to prin-
ciples, but to men. His friend [Mr. Cushing]
warned the moderate Democrat, who go for prin-
ciples and not for men, to beware of the example
of ultraism set by the Whigs before them. Tin
Whigs could not get a Bank of Ihe United Stales,
and they preferred a war to thenextbest measure;
and that war had broken them to pieces on the
bofses of the Execuiive vetoes. His friend warned
the Democrats, too, on their part, to prefer the next
best measuie to their extreme measure of a sub-
treasury, and not to rush their majority in the
coming Concress on that same rock. The ex-
hortation was to all parties to avoid extremes,
an4 at this time to attend to the real interests and
honor—he might say, of mod.-ration and of
reason. In the fourth place, be [Mr. Cdshing]
w,,med—or threatened, if they pleased—'he ultras of
both sides, who were disposed to make war on the
administration of the public affairs—who were
disposed to make war on the Constitution—to
take tjie best measuies which they could obtain
now, and for years to come, for the public good;
that if they persisted in an internecine war on the
Administration and the friends of the Administra-
tion, they might rue the result; that the Adminis-
tration was based on an honest attempt, without
a party, to serve the country—to do the best in its
power for the people; lhat opposition to such an
Administration, by either or any party, would not
offend the Presidi nt, would not offend patronage;
but it might and would bring them in collis:on wi h
the Constitution, and might and would offend the
people, and the moderate masses of all parties that
the adherence which the Administration had ob-
tained of the moderate and eondderate portion of
our Republican people, went on defeating faction
and serving the country, and might defeat
the ultras of all parties, and place power in
the hands of the representatives of moderate
principles and measures. But, fifthly, he went
further. He warned the gentlemen of ail parties,
that if the President of the United States, in fol-
lowing a straight forward line of duty—in pursu-
ing a strict line of rectitude, from which he
could not depart—could not be supported by or.c
party m that course,—he would ask any party to
come to the help—not bin help, but the help of
the country and its best interests. And permit him
to say, (and he could call upon the Speaker to
prove the truth of what he said: he could also
call upon every man present whom, eighteen
months ago, he could call a "brother Whig," to
prove its truth,) that it was proclaimed by the Whig
partv, that whenever they placed their President in
the Executive chair, he should bs the Prerident of
the nation, and not the President merely of a par-
ty. What did they hear during the whole time of
General Jackson's and Mr. Van Baren's adminis-
trations, vociferated bv the Whigs, in every form
of emphasis, in every variety of accent, ia every
tone of derision and denunciation? They heard
the party (and the party was always italicized)
spoken of with contempt and horror, as doing
so and so; that the parly in power did not pro-
fess to be the representatives of the people, but
of the party. Now, that was all the sentiment
avowed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Cdshing,] that when the Administration,
submitted any question, not to a party, but to the
Representatives of the people in the Congress of
ihe United States assembled—the Representatives
of the people of the whole nation—tbat they should
pass the best measure, and the people would care
not if it were parsed by one party or by another.
Away with their parties. Party had its uses, and
party bad its abuses. The only good use of a party-
was to subserve the will of the majority—to sub-
serve the will of the people. The abuse of party-
was to defeat the will of the people; and when,
patty undertook to control tbe will of the people,
it was then lhat a President of tbe United States
did the most patriotic act that a public functionary
could do, by arraying the power ot Ihe Constitu-
tion against the power of party. And for basing the
President on these solid principles—for putting the
Whigs cn their own profes ions and their own sen-
timents—sentiments to which he (Mr. W.) ad-
hered that the President of Ihe United States was
not to be a party President—that he was not to
look to the Whigs alone, or to the Democrats
alone, but to the Representatives of the people, ia
their representative capacity, and not in their party
relations;—it was on sentiments like these, remon-
strances like these, warnings like these, that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Thompson] had
based the declaration tbat an honorable Rep-
resentative from one of the most honora-
ble States in this Union bad set up the
Executive power and the spoils of office to-
the highest bidder. He would say to that gentle-
man and that gentleman knew the respect which
he (Mr. Wise) bore him—that it pained him to
h> ar such a monstrous perversion of facts from a
gentleman so respectable; it grieved him to hear
such a monstrous perversion of the sayings and
doings of an adversary. It could neither do good
to the cause which lhat gentleman advocated, nor
credit to himself. And to the gentleman from Ver-
mont—who had an equal title to bis respect with
the gentleman from Indiana—he would say, that
the pcopte of the United States could now judge
well of Whig tes imony, and of Whig facts, and
of Whig proofs and inferences when a gentleman
rose on that floor, and asserted, without proof or
knowledge on tbe subject, and in the face of aeon*
tradiction, that a speech delivt re<t in that, House
the day before yesterday was well prepared, and
was semi-official. In behalf of his friend from.
Massachu-ct'c, [Mr. CtrsmKa,] he would declare,
before the House, that, so far as one gentleman
could judge of the mind and preparation of an-
other, he did believe—as the gentleman assured
him was the fact—that the speech was impromptu,
without consultation, and without any pretence of
preparation. And jet, in the face ol these,
facts, gentlemen could toldly rise up, and
say, on the one side, that the gentleman from,
Massachusetts [Mr. Cdshing] was speaking from
authority ; and, on the other, that it was an elab-
orate speeth and semi-official. Now, there was a
moral in this, and it was this : Those gentlemen,
without other facts than those tbat were unknown,
and disputed facts which occurred out of tbat
House, bad been giving to the country their state-
ments, interpretations, and constructions. And now
let him reason from the known to the unknown,
and what would their testimony be worth before a.
jury of their country? If a gentleman from Indi-
ana could rise, and, in the face of two hundred wit-
nesses who heard what was said, and saw what was
done, so monstrously misrepre- cat what was said
and done, as to say that there had been a hawking,
a shameless hawking of the Executive power and
the spoils of office ; if he could thus pervert the
facts, in the face of two hundred witnesses—what
were his convictions worth about facts which were
disputed or unknown ? That was the spirit of party.
He did not attribute deliberate falsehood to the
gentlemen—fat be it from him to attribute any
such thing- to them. No; but so malign was the
spirit of paity, thSt, when it seized on the mind of
