m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
& man, it emliUered his heart, it bimded his vision,
•md it extinguished all charity in the human bosom.
Yes, it would set an editor in the chair editorial to
torment his ingenuity to pervert the meaning of an
opposing party. But were they editors? Were
Ihey scavengers in that hall, to heap up filth against
•each otherf Were they to rack their ingenuity to
•see how they could torture truth, and pervert it for
the malign purposes of party? Or had they seats
there as representatives of the people, to deal fairly
■with each other—to meet each other's facts and ar-
guments, and, in the collision of debate, to elicit
truth? Were they lawyers, that were trying to
"make the worse appear the better cause?" Or
were they gentlemen of sincerity and truth, who
believed the cause they advocated was the best
cause, and that it needed neither perversion nor
^Misrepresentation to aid it? He appealed to every
gentleman who had heard that debase, whether
justice had been done to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts; and whether he had been guilty of an
open, bold, shameless hawking of the spoils of
Government.
He found that his time was nearly out, while
what he had said was but the mere beginning—the
snere clearing up of what had been said by his
friend from Massachusetts. He wanted, if the
rales of the House would give him the time, to
prove the wisdom of the remonstrances, and the
^warnings, and the imprecations of his friend from
Massachusetts; and he would reear to the history
of the pas!, eren up to the present moment, to
i-how to the. ultras ol both parties the wisdom of
nis declarations—the morality of his declarations 
and the (ruth ol his declarations. And in the dis-
cussion (jt ih.it history, he wou'd touch on some
18civ about whii'h k? hud not spoken as yet, and
some facts which had been touched upon by the
gentleman from Indiana; but he would not go into
those facts at the present time. He had been
waiting, and he would continue to wait, for ibe
time for vindication;—and that occasion was when
that honest impeachment should be brouaht up.
But he did not see his colleague [Mr. Botts] in his
scat, who had openly and privately proclaimed that
he would impeach the President. He (Mr. Wise)
wan .afraid, before that day cftme, his colleague
would not have it in his power to vote on that
question. Bui to return. There were facts
behind the curtain undeveloped; but when the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] should bring
the President of the United States before the Sen-
ate, he (Mr. Wisr) should be ready to speak of
some tacts which weie within his own knowl-
edge; at present, however, in anticipation of
ibe day of impeachment, he should content himself
with saying tfeai, whatever others might say of
him; he felt, and was proud to feel, that he bad
Within him as good imtinet as other men of what
was honorable, and just, and true. He would say
further, ibat there ww no man in this country who
had had better opportunity to know the secret
movements of the Whig p„rty, and of the Execu-
tive, and of ihe caucuses and councils of the Whig
party there, ihan he hsd. And he believed he might
justly go further; for he stood in a position to know
both side?—and bi.s constituents knew enough of
him to believe hioi if he were doubted theie yes
there «as a people who knew and would believe
him, when he made to them the declaration that
notwithstanding all that had been uttered, notwith-
standing all that had been published, not half was
known, not half was published; and when all was
knovvn, when all was published, he believed ihe
world, in its judgment, would sustain him in the
opinion he now declared—that no manoneanh
ever acted with purer motive—no man on earth
ever acted with purer design—that no man's in-
tentions were ever farther from crime, or guilt or
perfidy, than John Tyler's. 8 '
He would go further than this—and he hoped
that gentlemen of ihe Wh'g parly would not take
hi3 remarks as reproachful to ihem, as he spoke
for no one in particular here—he would say, when
the truth became known, that the authors of the cal-
umnies against the President's character and reputa-
tion, where he should be found guilty of treason
and of feifidy, would be found guilty of a tri^e
treason and a triple perfidy. -He believed this,
from the full knowledge which he had acquired of
ihe designs and movements Of both parties. He
m ght say that he had been intimate with the mo-
tives and movements of the Whig party; and he
would now proclaim a fact which hitherto had not
been before the public gaze. In all the discussions
on the subject, the disease—the cancer, which had
eaten up its very vitals—of the Whig party, had
been assigned an origin no farther back than the
called session of Congress in 1841. The fact
was, the disease of the Whig party dated fur-
ther back; and gentlemen oh that floor knew
it as well as himself, fct dated from the first organ-
ization of the Cabinet of Gen. Harrison. Had
Harrison lived, the party would have been divided
even more than al the prfesent time. He should
speak ijlaihly, iu order that both sides might un-
derstand him. The real difficulties in the Whig
party originated with the jealousies of two great
leaders of that party—Daniel Webster and Henry
Clay. Daniel Webster was placed by Henry Clay
in a post in the line of Unsafe precedents, (the re-
porter might mark it—he did not say safe prece-
dents.) It was as notorious as the sunlight of mid-
day, that Daniel Webster was the favorite  f the
then President, Hairison. Although Gen. Harri-
son felt no enmity to Henry Clay, yet he never
wou'd have given him his good will. Henry Clay
took his position in the Senate, and Daniel Web-
ster in the Cabinet, at the head of the State Depart-
ment. But it was a mistake to put Mr. Webster
in the Department of State. True, he had the
power of patronage—the giving of office, the dis-
tribution of the stars and garters of the Adminis-
tration; but what hsd Clay with which to check-
mate him'i He answered, the power of confirma-
tion or rejection of all appointments, in Ihe Senate.
The House had witnessed a great outbreak and
clamor against the veto power of Ihe Executive.
He would ask, is not power at the beginning of
laws greater than the pdwer of the veto? Give
him the initiation of laws, and he would cheerfully
give to the President the power of Ihe velo. Here-
tofore, the President had not only the veto power
but also the initiation of legis'ation. '
Turning to the Speaker, be disclaimed making
any implication, either directly or indirectly, around
or about, having reference to the conduct of lhat
officer. Yet, he must say lhat the leader of a par-
ly—possessing, in fact, the Speaker's chair-eon-
trolling the appointment of committees, the organ-
ization of the House, the forms of business—de-
ciding what should be entertained in the commit-
tees, and what in the House—prescribing the man-
ner in which all propositions should be intro-
duced, and eventually giving shape and substance
to every measure—did indeed possess a great de-
cree of power. Gentlemen might talk of the one-
man power of the President; but he knew not of a
greater one-man power than that actually exercised
in the initiation of legislation. The great leader
had taken especial care to bold the entire control
over ihe initiation of business, by emplaving all
the machinery of the organization of ihe House lo
accomplish his purposes. He had everything that
could aid htm at command, and all that was left
was the power of the Constitution in the hands of
the President.
Thu.-, therefore, whilst one of Ihese great rival
leaders had possession of the patronage of the Gov-
ernment, the other held a seat in the Senate, and
was omnipotent in the House of Representatives
Was n not notorious that the candidate of one
for the colleclorskip of ihe port of New York was
Edward C«rti5, snd the candidate of the otter Mr
Wctmore? Was it not universally known heie
when Ihe Cabinet was first organized, that the ap-
pointment of collector to ihe port of New York
was a test of the strength of the two rivals with
General Harrison? There were other facis con-
nectediwiih this subject in his knowledge, which
ho had not spoken of, and which he should hold
sacred. But he now proclaimed it, that, had Har-
rison Jived until this time, the ultra Clay clique
would have been united with the Democratic par-
ty, and warring in common with them, not for any
particular candidate, but against Daniel Webster.
I he seeds of disunion were sown in the Cabinet of
General Harrison, and sprouted death to the Whig
party, tie (Mr. W.) had, oh many occasions,
heard men on that floor commence speeches in the
most lugubrious and dolorous strain, lamenting
over ths death of Harrison, and then following up
their preface with an attack upon the character
and administration of John Tyler, attributing all
the evils of the times to ihe fact of his being Presi-
dent. These lamentations, too, proceeded frottt
men who wsre once prepared to hurl their vindic-
tive thunderbolts against Harrison, because they
feared that Mr. Webster would be his successor !
Yes; it was the death of General Harrison that
dispersed and bioke up the plots and counterplots
which were forming around him.
In making these remarks, he had no design to
cast reproach upon any one. That reproach, if
implied, fell upon Mr. Webster as well as Mr.
Clay. But the battle lines had been drawn) and
he (Mr. W.) spoke of fafits.
To proceed with Bis narrative. The called ses-
sion came, and John Tyler proclaimed, as dis-
tinctly as it could be proclaimed—as clearly as it
could be made to appear on paper—that he would
not sign a bank bill; that he considered the idea of
a United Slates Bank as defunct, and as condemned
by the general will of the country. The President
went farther tSsan this: he not only said that a bank
had been condemned by the people, and by con-
siderations of expedienry, but also that the Coii-
siiution interposed an insurmountable objection to
its establishment. Yet, in the face of these plaia
declarations, his friends—yes, his friends, for they
called themselves the President's friends—framed
the bank bill, and passed it. The veto came. In
the interim, a thousand thir.gs transpired, of which
he could not now speak
He had now arrived at lhat part of his remarks
where he wished he could dwell longer than the
rules of the Hou«e would permit him. The gen-
tleman from Indi&na [Mr. Thompson] had com-
mented on the fact, that a communication was
made to the President by the Whig party, or a por-
tion of that party in the House of Representatives,
saying to him, that, if it could be understood that
the Cabinet were to retain their places, the bank
bill would not be sent to the President until the
next session of Congress. The gentleman denied
this, and positively assured the House that the
charge was untrue. Wow, he would ask the gen-
tleman, how could be testify?
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana said he would re-
peat the expression of his belief that the charge
was untrue, and that no gentleman bad been au-
thorized to call upon the President and make such
a proposition. So far as he knew the opinions
and wishes of the Whig party in that House, he
felt assured that no individual or committee ever
had been, or ever would have been, authorized to
submit any such proposition to the President.
Mr. WISE said be was sure that such would be
the amount of the gentleman's answer to hi- ques-
tion. What did it amount to? That one member
out of 242 had no knowledge of the fact of any
such proposition having been made to ihe Pres-
ident! He wou'd inform the gentleman from In-
diana that a thousand things happened, about the
time to which be referred, which that gentleman
did not dream of in his philosophy.
Mr. THOMPSON said he challenged proof of
the charge. He called for the name or names of
the men who had made ihis proposition to the
President. Let them be announced, that the coun-
try might know who they are.
Mr. WISE said he had got sentlemen in the
place where he wished them. They should not be
gratified, excep: in bis own way. He could, how-
ever, tell them that he might lay his hand upon
more than one member of that House who could
testify—[Many voices: "Let's hear their names" 
"who are they?"—"we dare you to say "] Ob!
gentlemen were brave, very brave, at this particu-
lar time; but let them bring forward their impeach"
ment, and then he would show who was impli-
cated. r
The hour having expired,
Mr. FESSENDEN obtained the floor; but
Mr. WISE manifested a strong disposition to
proceed; and, at the request of gentlemen in all di-
rections, who showed an impatience to hear the
