CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
speaker, he moved that the rales be suspended, in
order to enable him to continue speaking for one
hour more, or until he should have concluded his
speech. [Many voices: "Let him proceed by gen-
eral consent,"]
Mr. FESSENDEN insisted on his right to the
floor.
The SPEAKER, was about to put the question
upon allowing Mr. Wise to proceed; when
Mr. T. P. MARSHALL rose, and inquired
whether the proposed exception to the one-hour
rule was only intended for the tenefit of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and no other
membei?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WARREN said he must insist upon having
the yeas and nays.
They were taken, and resulted—yeas 100, nays
80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Athprton, Beeson,}Bidlark, Black.
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Wm. Butler, Wil
liam O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick V. Caldwell, John
Campbell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt,
M. A.Cooper,Cioss, Cushwg,R D. Davis, Dawson, Dean,Doan,
Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Ferris, John G.
Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornancc, Gentry, Gerry, Goidon,
Gustme, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, JToucfc. Houston, Hubard,
Charles J. Ingeraoll, Wm. W. Irwin, Jack, Wm. Cost Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefield,
Lowell, Robert McClellan, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John
T. Mason, Mcdill, Meriwether, Newnard, Oliver, Parmenter,
Patridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Prollit, Read, Reii
ing, Itencher, Reynolds, Ridgway, Rogers, Roosevelt, an ford,
Saunders, Shaw, Sheppcrd, Shields, Snyder, Steenrod, Stokely,
Sumter, Taliaferro, R. W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Trotti, Turney, Van Bnren, Ward, Watterson, Wellci,
Westbrook, Chmtophei* II. Williams, Joseph I.. Williams,
Wise, arid Wood—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, L W. Andrews, Aycng?,
Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Btrdsi'yo, Blair, Borden, Brigg*,
Brockway, Bronson, IVfilton Biown, Jeremiah Brown, Hurnell,
Caruthers, Casey, Chiids, Chittenden, J. C. (;iaik, James
Cooper, Cowen, Oi\m^ion, Garrett Davn, Dobcrry, Everett,
Fessenden, Fillmore, Gogain, Patrick G. Goode, Graham,
Green, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph It. Irigersoll, James
Itvin, John P. Kennedy, Kmc, Line, Linn, MeKemian, T,
F. Marshall, Samson Mason, * Mathiot, Mathews, Maxwell,
Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pen-
dleton, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolj h,
Rayner, William Russell, James M. Russell, SaUonstall, Tru-
man Smith, Sprigg, Stanly, Stratton, A. II. U. Stuart, John
T.Stuart, Summers, John B. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Tomlinson, Trumbull, Undeiwood, Warren, Washington,
Jos. L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Wmthiop, and John
Young—SO.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. FESSENDEN regretted that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wjsk] had made the
mo'ion which the House had jast rejected, for
twenty minutes had been consumed by it, which,
by that space of time, would have diminished that
portion which hi* remarks would occupy. He
should, however,, make his remarks as short as
possible. He  hould not argue the question of the
repeal of the bankrupt law, for it was unnecessary;
and all he designed to do now was to make what
the gentleman from Indiana, yesterday, called "de-
sultory" remarks. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kennedy] said yesterday, that he had been
told the bankrupt law was passed to secure the
vote of Maine, and that defeat m that and other
sections had induced them lo retrace their *teps.
Now, without speaking for others, for himself he
would say that he was unwilling to retracc the
rteps be had taken.
He then recapitulated ihe arguinenls with which
he supported the bankrupt law ai ihe extra session,
and denied that public opinion called for its repeal.
Where was the evidence of such public opinion 1
He had seen none ; but if they had evidence of a
change of opinion of his constituents, he would
hesitate until he saw whether that opinion had been
produced by looking upon the whole meritN of the
question. It was a quesiion that belonged to ihe
whole country ; for the whole country was interested
in it, and therefore it ought not to be determined by
the opinions of any man's constituents. If his con-
stituents should undertake to instruct him, he should
say to them that he was soiry to differ from them ;
but, so differing, he must beg to act on his own
judgment.
One thing more he must be allowed to say, and
then he would have done with all he bad to say on
the subject of the bankrupt law. It was designed
for the benefit of creditors, to enable them to
secure themselves against the fiaudo of their debt-
ors by a compulsory process. AU this was urged
at the time the law was passed, and the argument
existed with as much force now as then. He
would, in conclusion, ask, why not let the bill s>tind
umil its effects could be seen? He would say,
leave the Whig party to bear the odium of it, ani
to see if some benefits could not be derived from it.
There were some defects in the law, he admitted;
but these defects could be remedied, and he hoped
that that would be done rather than destroy the'
law.
Mr. F. then proceeded to notice the reply of the
gentl.- man from Indiana [Mr. Thompson] to the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Coshing.] It was possible, he said, that he
might have misapprehended the remarks of the
latter gentleman; that his ears might have deceived
him in listening to them; and that his eyes might
have deceived him in reading them over as report-
ed in the papers. He confessed, however, that to
his judgment the remarks of the gentleman from
Indiana did not deserve the imputation cast on
them by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise.]
of having grossly misrepresented the gentleman
from Massachusetts. He confessed that the re-
maiksot'the gentleman from Massachusetts, as he
understood them, struck bim with surprise, coming
from the quarter of ihe country he did, where ;uch
ideas did not originate. The gentleman, from Vir-
ginia, in his opinion, though he made a labored
apology for his lriend from Massachusetts, made it
all in v.-.in, and, as he underMood it, he thought it a
most lame and impotent apolony. The gentleman
from Indiana remarked that the gentleman from
Massachusetts commenced this war; to which ihe
gentleman from Virginia replied, by saying that it
was commenced by the gentleman from Teune;see;
and that all that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts said, was in reply to hirn. True, the speech
of the gentleman from Tennefsee was made
first ; but how much of ihe speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was in reply to it?
He would venture to . ay, not one-fourih. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts deprecated crimination
and recrimination,and expressed his objections to
party debates. But the gentleman, after exhorting
his opponents not to indulge in the spirit of party,
did so himself. This, too, was not the first time
the gentleman talked about party and patty spint.
If he mistook not, the ge.itleman commenced this
kind of warfare at the extra session, and attempted
to convince the people that the members here were
influenced altogether by party viewsfor party objpet?,
and not by a dtsire to carry on the public business.
The gentleman endeavored to convince the country
that the Whigs were doing nothing Tor the good of
the country; and he made the same charge against
the Democrats too, while he claimed ihat ihe Ad-
ministration patty alone showed any eviden-e of
a desire to legislate for the public good. After
some further remarks from Mr. P. (in which he
commented pietty severely 011 the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that he belonged
to no party,) and reading an extract from Dean
Swift's works, in which a no-party man is pictured
in a very odious light, he proceeded to notice that
part of Mr. C.'s remarks which had been charac-
terized as threatening to bring the power and
patronage of the President to bear upon ihe
coming elections. No man of common in-
telligence, he contended, could put any other
construction upon this part of tbs gentleman's
remarks, than that the President would bring the
power of his office to bear on the elections. The
gentleman said that, in time, the two great politi-
cal parties of this country would settle down upon
two candidates for the Presidency; and that, wh=n
that time came round, those immediately around
the President would have a word to say; and he
warned the friends of political aspirants, that it
was not their interest to rua counter to this Admin-
istration. Tnis, to him, was a most alarmicg and
ominous threat on the part of the Administration.
Are we (said Mr. F.) to be told that, becaute the
Administration will have a word to say in the
Presidential election, we arc to keep silence
here? or that we are to support the exchequer bill?
He hoped that the day would never arrive when
that House would be influenced by argumen s lik«
these.
After some further remarks from Mr. P.—
Mr. MARSHALL of Kentucky obtained the
floor, and yielded it to
Mr. BRONSON, on whose motion
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 30, 1842.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Asa.
Andrews, of Ipswich, Massachusetts, praying the
passage of a law authorizing the payment to him.
of the amount of a certain judgment obtained
against the United Slates in the district court: re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
the State, and three from the city of New York,
remonstrating against the repeal of the bankrupt
law; which were referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial from a num-
ber of insuiance companies of the city of New
York, praying an appropriation for improving
the Mississippi and adjoining rivers, to give facility
to commerce: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the
consideration of several bills, and th?y were re-
ferred more appropriately.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee oa
Commerce, reported back to the Senate the bill foe
the relief of Snow Y. Sears, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass.
Also, reported back, with an amendment, th®
bill for the relief of Joshua Drew.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from New
York city, signed by numerous m<rcantile firms,
praying for the immediate and unconditional re-
peal of the bankrupt law: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. McROBERTS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, and agreed to, viz:
Unsolved, That the Commissioner of the General Land Offices'
be directed to lay before the Senate a statement showing at what
offices public sales of lands have been held since the 4th of Sep-
tember, 1841, being the date of the act to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to grant pre-emption
rights; and the total amount of money received at each public
sale; and particularly that he state what amount, if any, wast
paid for lands over the minimum price of $1 25 per acre.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Benton on j esterday, was taken up and adopted,
viz:
Resolved, That, in addition to copies of all the correspond-
ence with and from all our mimstei s abroad in relation to the
quintuple treaty, the President be requited to communicate to 
the Senate (so far as it may be conipjnnle with the public in-
terest) all such correspondence in i elation to the-treaty with
Great Britain.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. Link's bill "to authorize the adoption of
mean'rts for the occupation and settlement of the
Temtoiy of Oregon; for extending certain portions
of the laws of the United States over the same,
and for other purposes," came up, as in committee
of the whole, for consideration; and some amend-
ments recommended by the select committee were
adopted. [The bill was inserted at length in yes-
terday's Globe.]
Mr. LINN remarked that this measure had
been so often submitted to the Senate heretorore,
and so fully discussed, that he conceived it unne-
cessary to dwell, at this stage of the bill, upon its
importance and urgcncy. On these points there
could remain no doubt—the subject, indeed, had
been exhausted.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to strike out the pre-
amble, in the words following:
"Wheioas the title ol the United States lo the Territory of
Oregon is certain, andwil! not be abandoned; therefore."
Mr. T. remarked that he was in favor of the
bill, but did not consider this preamble either ne-
ceisary or in good taste.
Mr. LINN said it was a point which he intend-
ed to discuss when the bill should arrive at the
usual stage for debate; and he would be pleased
if the Senator from Ohio would defer his motion
till then. The select committee had thought
proper to prefix this preamble, in consideration of
the fast that great doubt and uncertainty prevail-
ed in the public mind as to the intentions of thfe
