100
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Qov'erriraem in relation to the Otegon Territory,
it was thought ali-importaat to- remove these
doubts, and this uncertainty, by the declaratory
preamble of this bill. Great Briiain had fully and
amply recognised our right to the Oregon Terri-
tory, and only disputed about the Northern boun-
dary. A general declaration of our right to the
Territory, therefore, could not involve anything
prejudicial to pending negotiations. We merely,
fcy this preamble, hold out to our own people the
reassurance that we will not abandon our claim,
and that we will maintain the right of our citizens
emigrating to the territory. Mr. L. here took a
rapid and well digested review of tne history of
■our title, and the various negotiations with Gieat
Britain on the subject, showing, as he accumulated
the evidences in our favor, that our claim to the
whole region from the 42d degree of north
latitude to at least the 4SKh degree; and, in widih,
from the Pacific Ocean to our territories ea^t of the
Rocky Mountains, is indispuiable, and only re-
quires the assertion of our right m a proper manner,
to ha placed beyond cavil.
Mr. McROBERTS followed in support of Mr.
Linn's views, and in opposition to Mr. Tafpan's
amendment. He went minutely into the hisiory
of the Spanish discoveries on the northwest coast,
during the J6tb, 17th, and 18:h centuries; and
showed that the only claim laid by Great Britain to
any part of the coast within our asserted boun-
dary, was based on the treaty with Spam in 1790;
which lie proved was no claim at all against
as. He also proved, from the second vol-
ume of Vancouver's Voyages, that Captain
Gray's priority of discovery as to the Colum-
bia tiver was recognised by that negotiator
so fuliy and unequivocally, that it was quite a
-matter of surprise that Great Britain, in the face
of evidence to strongly furnished by her own ac-
credited officer, should ever think of preferring any
claim to the territory drained by that river.
He showed that Great Briiain never had a just
claim that she did not enforce; and never put for-
ward an unjust one that she did not endeavor to
strengthen by postponement and diplomatic pro
crastination. If she had the same ground to stand
upon in this instance that we have, she would not
hesitate a moment to assert it, and to enforce it, if
seccssary. Why, then, should we weaken our
own right, and s-irengthrii her prelerisions, by vol-
untary deferring the assertion of our claim? Our
right was indisputable from the 42d to the 49ih
degree of north laiuud.-, and from the Pacific
ocean toour territory east of the Roclry mountains
This comprised a fertile r.-gion 700 miles wide at
■one extremity, and 500 at the other—running
.through 7 degrees of latitude, and embracing near-
ly two hnndted millions of acres of land—enough
to form four or five new Stales It was of vital
interest to us to have the control of those Indian uibes
which infest our Western borders. The provi;ions of
this bill would enable us to keep them in complete
check. Hitherto, it might have been thought that we
had.territory enough; and that, for some genera-
tions, we would not bat'e use for more. But the
iate census, as weil as that prrceding, shows that
we may calculate on our population being doubled
every twenty-three or twenty-four years. By this
ratio, we may expect to have a population of fifty-
two millions in 1880; and, at the close of the pres-
ent century, ai least r.mety-two millions. We
have to act tor those1 who are to succeed us; and
our r.egicct of their interests, at the critical mo-
• meat that it is our duty to place them on a perma-
nent foundation, will be wholly inexcasable.
That duty is now to assert our right—to encour?ge
the occupation  f our own territory by our own
citizens—to give them temporary protec'ion in their
t migration; and, in kss than ten years, our hard'/
citiz-ns from the Mississippi valley, transplanted
to this new sec ion of our Union, will be able to
defend and protect themselves. They will claim
no other proteciion.
If we delay longer to assert our right, Great
Britain-will assume a new argument in support of
h« pretensions, grounded on our neglect of out
own claims. He wished not only to retain the pre-
amble of the bilj, but to avoid any question of it.-,
propriety. He wanted to see this bill passed in
both Houses by a unanimous vote. Let this be
done, and England would at once abandon her pre-
tensions. She would see that we are not only in
earnest, and determined to maintain our rights; but
that, in support of them, we forget all party differ-
ences, and act with an irresistible unanimity. If
this were done, we should never again hear a word
of the right of Great Britain to the Territory of
Oregon.
The foregoing is but a brief and rapid sketch of
the excellent speech made by Mr. McRoberts on'
this occasion. It will hereafter appear in full.
Mr. TAPPAN repeated that he was in favor of
the bill, but considered the introduction superfluous,
and not in good taste. He thought seme other
modifications should be made—some provision for
purchasing the lands from the Indians, and sur-
veying the territory, before grants were made. As,
however, his motion did not meet the approba-
tion of the friends of the b'll, he withdrew it.
Mr LINN quoted a British act of Parliament,
to show that the Government of Great Britain bad
set (he example of ex'ending territorial law=, in
the same manner as laid down in this bill for ex-
tending the laws of the Territory of Iowa to the
Territory of Oregon.
Mr. ARCHER, not doubting the propriety of
the principles of the bill, was opposed to the pre-
amble, on the same grounds asserted by the Sen-
ator from Ohio; and also was impressed with the
propriety of deferring action on the measure till
sufficient time were afforded to examine its details,
and duly consider provisions so important. He
appealed to his friend from Missouri [Mr. Linn] to
cons-nt to the motion to strike out ihe preamble,
and hoped at no distant day to be able to give the
bill his support. He therefore renewed the motion
of th<? Senator from Ohio.
Mr. LINN reiterated his conviction that it was
absolutely necessary to quiet the public distrust of
the course which thin Government should take, by
the pledge involved in the preamble. If, however,
the Senator from Virginia wished for time to con-
sider the provisions of the bill, he would have no
objection that it should be passed over informally
till next week.
This proposition appearing to meet the general
concurrence of the Senate, the subject was passed
over informally, and, of course, resumes its place
on the calendar as the first bill in order next week.
On motion by Mr. WHITE of Indiana, the
Committee on Indian Affairs was discharged from
the consideration of the petition and documents
of George C. Johnson; and leave was granted to
withdraw them from the files, for the purpose of
being u*ed before a committee of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back to the Sena'e, without
amendment, the bill for the relief of Ihe c'aimants
to indemnity received from the British Govern-
ment, for loss of slaves from on board of the
Comet and Encomium, at Nassau.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was ordered
that the communication of the Secrelarv of the
Treasury, on ihe subject of insolvent debtors, be
referied to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial
from numerous respectable merchants of the city
of New York, praying for the repeal of the bank-
rupt law; which was referred lo the Judiciary
Committee.
Engrossed bill entitled "An act to continue the
office of Commissioner of Pension?,"came up onils
third reading; when
Oj motion by Mr. BATES, and by unanimous
consent, it was so amended, that all such dunes in
relation to laws granting: military bounty land, shaM
be performed by the Commissioner of Pensions,
with the sanction of the P-resident, as may be as-
signed to him by the Secretary of War.
The bill was then read the third time a? amend-
ed, and passed.
The following engrossed bills and joint resolu-
tions were then read the third time and passed, viz:
The joint resolution for the distribution of Ihe
catalogues of the library of Congress.
The bdl for the relief ot the Steamboat Company
of Nantucket; and
The bill making compensation to pension agents.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
covering a statement from the Bureau of Equip-
ment and Construction in the Navy Department,
in compliance wiih a resolution of the Senate of
the 14;h instant, showing the number of vessels
and guns which will be employed in the African
squadron, under the late British treaty ; which, on
motion of Mr. ARCHER, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
•The PRESIDENT pro lent, also laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 30th of August last, covering a re-
port of the Topographical Engineers, as to the na-
ture of the obstructions in the Bayou Manehac, on
the Mississippi, by whom made, and on what 'au-
thority, and the probable cost of their removal;
which,
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. LINN, it was ordered that
when the Senate adjourn, it adjourn till Tuesday
next.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness and, after a short time spent therein, adjourn-
ed in accordance with their previous order.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 30, 1842
The journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. EVERETT rose to a correction of the jour-
nal. The journal had omitted to state that Ihe
memorial of a portion of the members of theNewr
Hampshire Legislature, in relation to the division
of that State into congressional districts, was laid
upon the table, on the moiion of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
The correction was made.
Mr. EVERETT also rose lo a correction of the
report of his remarks on the 28th of December, in
the Intelligence! oi"yesterday. He stated that he
was made to say that he intended to vote fer the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Briggs] to the resolution to recommit the
bill to repeal the bankrupt law to the committee,
with instructions; when he, in fact, did not so
commit himself. He bad not said a word in re-
lation to the amendment, and did not wish to ap-
pear committed when he had not made up his
mind how he should vote.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa presented, under th® rule,
a petition, very nurnerotisly signed by citizens and
residents of the mineral region of Iowa, approving
of the bill (reported by Mr. White, from tbe Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, at the last session) for
disposing of the mineral lands in Iowa, Wiscon-
sin, and Illinois; and praying that it, or a bill of
similar provisions, may be enaeted into a law: re-
ferred to the Committee cn Public Lands.
Mr. STEENROD presen'ed the petition of the
members of the bar of the city of Wheeling, to
amend the law est\blishing a district court of the
United States at Wheeling.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin presented the peti-
tion of 638 inhabitants of the town and countv of
Miiwaukie, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for a harbor at Mil-
waukie.
Also, petition from the inhabitants of the town
of Southport, in the Territory of Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress to appropriate seventy thousand acres
of the public lands for building a harbor at that
place.
Also, petition of the inhabitants of the town of
Racine, in the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress to appropriate forty thousand acres of the
public lands for ihe building a harbor at that
place.
Also, petition of the inhabitants of the town of
Racine, in the Territory of Wisconsin, askiag of
Congress an appropriation for a harbor at that
place,
