102
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eral Gratiot was about to be proceeded against as
a defaulter, that course was followed; for he had
himself presented a statement containing General
Gratiot's own version of thetransaction. But when
a member rose and made a speech, in which, by
•way of argument, he stated a fact, to allow any of-
ficer to come in with a contradiction, would in-
volve them in interminable confusion.
The SPEAKER, explained that the letter came
to him as a communication from the Treasury
Department, and, as sucb, he had presented it to
the House without perusal; if, however, be had
known the purport of the communication, it should
Bot have been presented.
Mr. MERIWETHER then submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the communication addressed to the Speakei
of this House, by S. Pleaaanton, on the 14th mat., in relation to
some remarks made in the House before that time, by Mr.
SpRioa,a member from Kentucky; which paper was received
"by the Speaker, and laid before the House without a knowledge
of its contents, was not such a communication as ought to have
fceen received anil presented to the House; that the same be
withheld from thejournal and files of the House, and the on ji-
iial be returned to the writer.
The resolution was then adopted.
IMPROVEMENTS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. LEVY offered the following resolutions,
-which were adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to place
before this House such information as can be obtained in rela-
tion to the practicability andprobable expenseof draining the
£ verglades of Florida.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be diverted
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation for
constructing a dry-dock at the navy yard at Prnsa' ola, and for
-putting saiil yard in the necessary condition for the building,
fitting out, or repair of vessels of war.
COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Biddings and
■Grounds be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
abolishing the office of Commissioner of Public Buildings, orof
reducing Thia salary.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committeeof Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of George Rand,i'l.s
read twice, and referred to the Commitiee of the
Whole House.
Mr. WARREN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Robert E. Ford: read
twice, and referred to ihe Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for ihe relief of
the legal representatives of William E. Smilh:
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
CALL FOR INFORMATION.
Mr. JAMES COOPER, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported the following resolution;
•which was adopted:
Whereas, a resolution calling on the Presidentof the United
States "to cause to be communicated to this House the several
reports lately made to the Department ol War by Lieutenant
Colonel Hitchcock, relative to the affairs of the Cherokee
Indians; together with all information communicated by him
concerning the frauds he was charged to investigate; also, all
facts in po-reession of the Executive, fiom any somr.e, relating
to the subject," was adopted by this ITouse on the — day oT
August last. and whereas, the information required by the said
resolution has not been communicated, nor any reason assigned
for the delay Therefore,
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to this House when the information called for by the aforesaid
resolution may be expected.
Mr. MATHlOT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pension.?, repcr'ed a bill for the relief of
Cipiain Wilson: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
LAND OFFICE IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked the favor of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from House bill 104, "to establish
a new land district in the State of Mississippi,"
with a view to its passage. He stated that the
lands had been surveyed, and the President was
anxious to have their stle postponed until this
bill could be passed. It was impossible for land
sales to take place at present.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired whether the bill made
any appropriation.
Mr. J. THOMPSON said he did not think thai
this bill came under the rule requiring all money
tills to be referred to the Committee of the Who1?
on the stale of the Union. A' register and a receiver
were authorized to be appointed; yet he thought it
could not be said to be creating a charge on the
treasury. He left it to the Chair to decide whether
the bill would have to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, under the rule of
the House.
Mr. STANLY objected to the consideration of
the bill at this time.
The SPEAKER decided tint Ihe bill would
necessarily have to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union; because it created
officers who would have to be paid out of the pub-
lic irea;ury.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved that it be taken
out of the Committee of Ibe Who'e House, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS UNDIS-
POSED OF.
Oj motion of Mr. CUSH'NG, twomes- ages from
the President of the United S'ates, sent to the House
on the 8 h and the 35th of March, 1842, and undis-
posed of by the House, were laid upon the table.
The first message transmitted a report on the
finances; the second was the mesjage recommend-
ing a repeal of the distribution law.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL rose to present the
resolutions of the Legislature of Souih Carolina,
recommending that the fine imposed on General
Jackson, during the late war, be refunded.
The SPEAKER s'ated that a copy of the reso.
lutions had already been presented by anniher
member of the South Carolina delegation, [Mr.
Pickens,] aad referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Whereupon Mr. CAMPBELL expressed his
satisfaction, and wilhdrew his copy of the resolu-
tions referred to.
BILLS FROM THE SENATE.
The following bills from the Senate were read a
first and second time, and referred:
An set for the relief of Stalker and Hill: refer-
red to the Commitiee of Claims.
An act allowing drawback upon foreign mer-
chandise imported in the original packages to Chi-
huahua and Santa F„\ ia Mexico: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas who lost their improvements in consequence of
a treaty between the United Slates and tbe Choc-
taw Indians* referred to ihe Committee on the
Public Lands-
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to make an arrangement or compromise wilh
any of the sureties on beads give n to the United States
by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the customs
for ihe port of New York: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of J. R. Yiennr: referred to
the Committee of Ci.iims.
An act for the relief of Ephraim D. Dickson:
rtferrcd to the Committee of Claims.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. WELL-KR moved that the rules be fits-
oended, >n order to proceed to the considf-iatton of
the bill for the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the yeas and cajs
on the motion.
They were not ordered.
Tellers « ere called fur and ordered; who report-
ed yeas 112, na>s 60. So two-thirds not voting u
the affirmative, the rules were not suspended, and
the special order of ihe day came up of course.
PRIVATE BILLS.'
The SPEAKER announced the first bill before
the House to be "A bill for the relief of (he presi-
dent and managers of ihe Norristown and Valley
Railroad Company," which was passed on the 23d
of December; 1 ut its delivery to the Senate, subse
quently, arrested by a motion by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] to re-
consider the vote by which it bad been passed.
After some remark? from Messrs. J. R. INGER-
SOLL and BIDLACK, the passage of the bill was
reconsidered, and carried in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the bill was
laid on the table.
Mr. BIDLACK said he would avail himself of
this occasion to present the memorial of the Sum-
mit Railroad Company, asking for a remission of
the duties on certain railroad iron: referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The bill for the relief of John McColgan, which
was passed on the 23d of December, was next
taken up.
The pending question was n motion by the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Hcpkins] to recon-
sider ihe vote by which it had been pasied.
After some remarks in opposition to the bill by
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, and in its support by Mr.
KENNEDY, Mr TURNEY called for the yeas
and nays on tfte motion to reconsider; which were
ordered.
A debate then arose upon Ihe merits of Ibe bill.
Itsp s<a®e was advocated by Messrs. KENNEDY,
MrKEON, ULLINGHAST. and WELLER;
and was opposed by Messrs. CAVE JOHNSON,
FILLMORE, TURNEY, and MERIWETHER;
A'ter which, the question of reeon*ideration was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 75, nays 90.
So the reconsideration was not ordered.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 31, 1842.
Mr. HENRY DODGE presented the petition
of citizens of the town of Socthport, in the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an ap-
propiiat'on for a harbor and light-house at that
town, on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, it was ordered that
Ihe petition and accompanying papers of Thomas
Thody, on file wilh the Clerk of this House, be ta-
ken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on the Judicitry.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS presented letters of Rob-
ert Wallace, General Duff Green, and Stephen
Cleaver, members of the convention which framed
the constitution of Missouri, and of Lieutenant
Fremont, all relating to the subject of the northern
boundaryof Missouri; which were referred to the
Committee on the Territories.
On the motion of Mr. J. C. EDWARDS, it
was
Resolved, That the report of Albert M, Lea, in reference to
the nonhem boundary ofMissouri; the reportofCaptainGuion,
and of Lieutenant Fremont, in reference to Ihe Des Moines
river; and the evidence in reference to the northern boundary
ot Missouri, be referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and printed.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS, pursuant lo notice, in-
troduced a bill declaring what was the northern
boundary of the State of Missouri; which was read
twice, refeired to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed,
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a joint resolution for tha
survey cf Blcck tslard; which was read twice, and
comrai ted to the Committee of the Whole.
On the motion i-f Mr. BRIGGS, it was resolved
that when the H sre at'jourr.s it adjourn to meet
f-stii on Tuesday next.
Mr. J. R. IXGERSOLL, from ihe Committee
of Way* and Means, reported a bill for Ihe relief
of ihe rosier, churchwardens, iind vestrymen of
St. Pe'ei'.- Church; which was read tw;ce, and
commit'ed to the Commitiee of the Whole House.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the same commitiee,
reported a bill making appropriations for tbe civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1844;
wl.ich was rdad twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of Ihe Whole on the sta'e of the Union.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland obtained permis-
sion of the House to call up a bill to alter tbe mode
of admeasuring tbe tonnage of ihips or vessels em-
ployed m the merchant service of the United Slates,
which was cn the Speaker's table on the question
of engrossment. The bill was taken up according-
ly, and Mr. Kennedy proceeded to explain its ob-
ject aDd necessity. A debate ensued, in which
Mr. AYCRIGO, Mr. CUSHING, Mr. T. W.
WILLIAMS, and Mr, McKEON, took part; and
