r
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the bill was then postponed until next Tuesday
fortnight.
TAX ON BANK NOTES AND ON GOLD
AND SILVER PLATE.
Mr. BEESON offered the following resolution;
which was read for information:
"Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire whether it would be expedient, in lieu of the
"articles of very large and universal consumption," pro-
posed for taxation by the Secretary ot the Treasury, in his let-
ter of the 15th met., and m aid of the operations ot the mint and
constitutional currency, to report a bill laying taxes on bank
notes of denominations similar to our gold and silver cjws, and
on gold and silver plate.
The resolution being objected to,
Mr. BEESON moved tor the suspension of the
rules for the purpose of receiving it; and on this
motion called for the yeas and nays; which being
ordered, resuUedin yeas 75, nays 101, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arlington, Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Burke, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick
C. Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Cary, Casey, Clinton, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper,
Cross, Daniel, Richard 1). Davis, Dean, Doan, Doig, East-
man, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gerry,
Gordon, Gustine, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Ilubard, Charles J.
lngersoll, William w. Irwin, Jack, Cave Johnson, Lewis, Lit-
tlefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKeon,
Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mathews,
Newhard, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Read, Reding, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rogers, Roosevelt, James M. Russell, Saunders,
Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Sprigs, Steenrod, Jacob Thompson,
Trottt, Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Watterson, Weller, West-
brook, and Wood—75.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Uaker, Barnard,
Blair, Boardman, Burden, Bnggs, Bronson, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, William Butler, William Q. Butler, Cal-
houn, Caruthers, Chapman, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Davis,
Deberry, Everett, Fessenden, A Lawrence Foster, Gentry,
Giddinss, Goggin, Patrick G. Gooile, Graham, Granger, Green,
Hall, Henry, Houston, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
James lrvin, William Cost Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, John P.
Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Morrow, Oliver, Osborne, Owsley, Pendleton, Powell, Ram-
sey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Ruyner,
Ridgway, Riggs, William Russell, Sahonstall, Shepperd, Slade,
Stanly, Stokely, .Siratton, Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T.
Stuart, Summers, Sumter, Taliaferro, John B, Thompson,
Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triph-tt, Undt*i •
wood, Wallace, Warren, Washington, Joseph L. White, Thorn
as W. Williams. Winthrop, Wise, Augustus Young, and John
Young—101.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the orders of the
day.
Mr. CUSHINQ suggested that there were seve-
ral Executive commumca'ions on the table, which
came first in order.
The SPEAKER then communicated a message
fiom ihe President of the United Stales, transmu-
ting a letter from the Secretary of State, togethsr
with certain documents on the subject of the claims
ot ciiizensof the United S;aies against ihe Gov-
er mentof Hayti; which,
On motion of Mr. CUSHINQ, was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
Also the following message from the President
of the United States, commiimcatingcopies of a cor-
respondence which has recently taken place be-
tween certain agents of the Government of the
Haiwaian, or Saudwich Islands, and the Secretary
of State:
To the House of Rtpresentatives:
I communicate heiewith to Congress copies of a correspond-
ence which has recently taken place between certain agents of
the Haiwaian or Sandwich Islands, and the Secretary ot State.
The condition of tho^e elands has exnted a good deal of in-
terest, which is increasing by every successive proof that their
inhabitants are making piogress in civilization, and becoming
more and more competent to maintain regular and orderly
civil government. They lie in the Pacific ocean, much nearer
to this continent than the other, and have become an important
place for the lefitment and piovisiornng of American and Eu-
ropean vessels.
Owing to their locality, and to the course of the winds
which prevail m this quarter of the world, the Sandwich
Islands are the stopping place foralmost all !he vessels passing
from continent to continent across the Pacific ocean. They
are especially resorted to by the gteat number of vessels of the
United States which ate engaged m the whale fi?heiy in those
seas. The number of vessels of all sorts, and the amount ot
property owned by citizens of the United States which aie
found in those islands m the couise of a year, are stated,
probably, with sufficient accuracy, in the letter ot the agents.
Just emerging from a state of barbarism, the government of
the islands is as yet feeble; but its dispot-itions appear to be
just and pacific; and it seems anxious io improve the condition
of its people, by the mtioduction ot knowledge, of religious
and moral institutions, means ol education, and the aits of
civilized life.
It cannot but be in conformity with the interest and the
wishesofthe Government and the people of the United States,
that this community, thus existing in the midst of a v,ist ex-
panse of ocean, should be respected, and all Us rights amc-tly
and conscientiously regarded. And this must .be the true in*
a-i est of all other commercial States. Far remote from the
dominions of European powers, its growth and prosperity, as
an independent State, may yet be in a high degree useful to all
whose trade is extended to those regions; while Us nearer ap-
proach to this contiiicot, and the intercourse which American
vessels have with it, could not but create dissatisfaction on
the part of the United States at any attempt, by ano her power,
(should such attempt be threatened or feared) to take posses-
sion of the islands, colonize them, and subvert the native gov-
ernment. Considering, therefore, that the United States pos-
sess so very large a share of the intercourse with those
islands, it is deemed not unfit to make the declaration that their
Government seeks, nevertheless, no peculiar advantages, no
exclusive control over the Haiwaian Government, but is content
with its independent existence, and anxiously wishes for its se-
curity and prosperity, Its lorbeaiance, in this respect,-under
the circumstances of the very large intercourse of their citi-
zens with the islands, would gratify the Government, (should
events hereafter arise to require it,) in making a decided re-
monstrance against the adoption of an opposite policy by any
other power. Under the circumstances, I recommend to
Congress to provide for a moderate allowance to be made out
ol the treasuiy to the consul residing there; that in a Gov-
ernment so new, and country so remote, American citizens may
have respectable authority to which to apply for redress in
case of injury to their persons and property; and to whom
the Government of the country may also make known any acts
committed by American citizens, of which it may think it
has a right to complain.
Events of consumable importance have recently transpired
in China. The military operations carried on against that em-
pire by the English Government have been terminated by a
tieaty, according to the terms of which four important ports,
hitherto phut against foreign commerce, are to be opened to the
British merchants, viz : Amoy, Foo-choo-Foo, Ningpo, and
Chinghai. I' cannot but be interesting to the mercantile inter-
est of the Unued States, whose intercourse wuh China at the
single port of Canton has already become so considerable, to
ascertain whether these other ports, now open to British com-
merce, are to remain shut, nevejlheless, against, the commerce
of the United States. The treaty hetween the Chinese Govern-
ment and the British commissioner, provides neither for the
admiss.on nor the exclusion of the ships of other nations. It
would seem, therefore, that it remains with every other nation
having commercial intercouise with China to seek to make
proper arrangements lor itself with the Government of that
empire in this respect.
The importations into the United States from China are
known to be large—having amounted in some years, as will be
seen by the annexed tables, to nine millions of dollars. The
exports, too, from the United States to China, constitute an in-
teresting and growing part of the commerce of the cauntiy
It appears that, in the year 1841, in the direct trade between
the two countries, the value of the exports from the United
States amounted to seven hundred and fifteen thousand dollais
in domestic produce, and four hundred and eighty.five thousand
dollars in foieign merchandise, But the whole amount, of
American produce which finally reaches China, and is there
consumed, is not comprised in these tables, which show only
the direct trade. Many vessels with American products on
board sail with a primary destination to other countries, but
ultimately dispose of more or lepg ol their cargoes in the port
of Canton.
The peculiarities of the Chinese Government and the Chi-
nese character are well known. An empire, supposed to con-
tain three hundred millions of subjects, fertile m various rich
products of the earth, not without the knowledge of letters, and
of many arts, and with large and expensive accomnv.'da'ion for
internal intercourse and tralfic, has tor ages sought to exclude
the visits of strangers and foreigners from its dominions, and
has assumed for useII a superiority over all other nations.
Events appear likely to break down and soften this spirit of
non intercourse, and to bring China, eTe long, into the relations
which usually subsist between civilized States. She has agreed,
in the treaty with England, that correspondence between the
agent* of th«> two Governments shall he on equal terms; aeon
cession which it is hardly probable will hereafter be withheld
from other nations.
It is true, that the cheapness of labor among the Chinese,
their ingenuity in its application, and the fixed character of
their habits and pursuits, may discourage the hope of the open-
ing of anygieat and sudden demand for the fabrics of other
countries Rut experience proves that the productions of west-
ern nations find a market to some among the Chinese; that
that market, so far as respects the productions of the United
Siatea,although it has considerably varied in successive seasons,
has, on the whole, more than doubled within the last ten years;
and it can hardly be doubted that the opening of several new
and important porta connected with parts of the empire here-
tofore seldom visited by Europeans or Americans, would exer-
cise a favorable influence upon the demand for such produc-
tions.
U i« not understood that the immediate establishment of cor
respondent embassies and missions, or the permanent residence
of diplomatic functionaries, with full powers, of each countiy
at the court of the other, is contemplated between England and
China; although, as has been already observed, it has been
stipulated that intercourse between the two countries shall
hereafter be on equal terms. An ambassador, or enroy extra-
ordinary and minister plenipotentiary, can only he accredited,
according to the usages of Western nations, to the head or
sovereign of the state. And it may be doubtful whether the
Court of Pekm is yet prepared to conform to these usance, so
far as to receive a minister plenipotentiary to reside near it.
Being of opinion, however, that the commercial inter-
ests of the United States, connected with China, requiie at
the present moment a degree of attention and vigilance, such
as there is no agent of this Government on the spot to bestow,
I recommend to Congress to make appropriation for the com-
pensation of a commissioner, to reside in China, to exercise a
watchful care over the concerns of American citizens, nnd for
the protection of their persons and property; empowered to
hold intercourse with the local authorities; apd ready, under
instructions from bis Government, should such instructions be-
come necessary and proper hereafter, to address himself to the
high functionalies of the empire, or, through them, to the Em-
peror himself.
It will not cscape the observation of Congress, that, in order
to secure the important objects of any such measure, a citizen
of much intelligence and weight Qf character -should be em
ployed on such agency; and that, to secure the services of such
an individual, a compensation should be made corresponding
with the magnitude and importance of the mission.
~ JOHN TYLER. ,
Washington, 1'cc. 30,1842.
Mr. CUSHING, after a few remark!, moved to
refer the message and accompanying documents to
the Commi'tee on Foreign Relations, and that it be
printed; which motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER further communicated a report
from the P. st Office Department, jn answer to a
resolution of the House, on the subject of the de-
lays in the transportation of the mail between
Washington and Augusta, Georgia: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Tne bill from the Senate for the relief of the
Steamboat Company of Nantucket;
The bill from the Senate making compensation
to pension agents; and
The bill from the Senatejo continue the office of
Commissioner of Pensions; were s^ve:ally read
twice, and referred.
The amendments of the.Senate to the joint reso-
lution providing for the distribution of the copies
on hand of the catalogue of the Library of Con.
gres^, were read and concurred in.
The SPEAKER observed that the next business
in order would be the motions for the reconsidera-
tion of certain private bills that were passed last
week, of which there were three or four.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that Ihe House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose
of taking up the bill making an appropriation for
paying for the printing of the Compendium of the
Sixth Census.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered; and, on taking the
question, Mr. Davis's motion was decided in the
neeative without a count.
Mr. JOHN C. CLARIC moved that the House
adjourn, [at a quarter-past 2 o'clock:] rejected.
The House then took up the motion for the re-
consideration of the bill for the relief of Isaac Jus-
tils; and, after some remarks from Mr. ARNOLD,
in favor of the bill, the question of reconsideration
was carried; and the next question being upon the
passage of the bill, it was decided in the affirma-
tive without a division.
Tne motion for the reconsideration of the bill for
the relief of the widow and heirs of Benjamin W.
Hopkins, was next considered; and, after some re-
marks from Messrs. PARMEN; ES. and SLADE,
it was postponed to Friday next.
The motion for the reconsideration of the bill
providing for the payment of certain Iowa militia,
W8s also po-tponcd to Friday next.
The motion for Ihe reconsideration of the bill
for ihe relief of Philip Renault taken up; and
after some remarks from Mr. CAVE JOHNSON,
in opposition to it, and from Mr. YOUNG, in its
support,
Hn motion by Mr. IRWIN,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE. '
Tuesday, January 3, 1843.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a men.orial from the
city and county of Philadelphia against the repeal,
but in favor of the modification, of the bankrupt
law: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from Win-
throp, Maine, in favor of the repeal of the bank-
rupt law.
Messrs. WRIGHT and TALLMADGE pre-
sented several memorials from the city and State
of New York, remonstrating against the repeal of
the bankrupt act; which were referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial, numer-
ously sigr ed, from Oneida county, New York, in
favor of the repeal of the bankrupt act; which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
J. T. Hudson, praying that the Secretary of War
may be enabled to execute a contract made to set-
tle the conflicting claims to the Pea Patch island:
referred to the Committee on Ihe Judiciary.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from the
widew and heirs of John B. Chandonai (a halt'-
