CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
% , rather than awaken their jealousy and animosity?
The adoption of such a preamble he (Mr. A.)
! thought was calculated to awaken the pride, and
possibly the resistance, of the Briiish Government.
Did the gentleman suppose that the British Govern-
ment were so little disposed to indulge the feeling
of jealousy as to overlook a circumstance of this
kind? Since this subject was last under consider-
ation, he (Mr. Archer) had given it an attentive
and laborious investigation ; and, though he be-
lieved the title of the United States was a strong
one, yet it was a subject involving so much
difficulty, and spread over so great a surface, that
he certainly felt a hesitation in saying it was whol-
ly clear, undoubted, and unequivocal. It was a
complicated subject. Did it become them, then, to
say peremptorily, and at once, lhat the title is un-
doubted and unequivocal 1 He believed it was not
the true course of policy for this Government to
pursue in relation to this subject. In every view
that could be taken cf the subject, the preamble
was useless, and it m'ght produce evil conse-
quences. He hoped, therefore, the Senate would
concur with bim in stiiking it from the bill.
Mr. WALKER observed lhat onevery occasion
of referring this subject to a select committee for
the last four or five years, it had been his duty, as
a member of such committee, (of which his friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Linw,] the mover, was chair-
man,) uniformly to concur in opinion with him
that there ought to be some action of Congress for
the {occupation and settlement of the territory.
Heretofore, the Mis introduced for that purpose
had been postponed from lime to time, owing to
the allegation that wc had many other subjects of
negotiation with England 10 be settled, which this
might embarrass. Il was always urged as a mo-
tive for postponement, that it would be imprudent
to act in this matter, lest our action might raise up
new difficulties to protract those negotiations.
The same objections cannot now exist. All ihe
difficulties—or, at least, the greatest of them—were
settled by the late trealy. They may be consid-
ered as adjusted.
The question now was, really, whether wc are
to assert our rights in re'ation to ihic territory, or
to abandon them—wheiher we shall maintain our
title, or by our own neglect suffer it to Be placed
in doubt. Now, he was fully prepared to Kay, that
he was not disposed to abandon one inch of the
territory claimed by this country on the northwest
coast, from the 421 to the 54th degree of northern
latitude. To the whole of this territory, he con-
sidered the title of the United Slates indefeasible,
and that we should not abandon our claim to one
inch of it. He went further: he would say that
Great Britain had no right to the portion oecupicd
by her subjects, and claimed by her; and that it
was now more than ever necessary that we should
assert our rights, considering the late events with
regard to her occupation of China by Briiish
forces.
From a careful examin:Ui< n of ihe various bills
heretofore introduced, and the reports of committees,
as well as other sources of information on ihe sub-
ject, he had coma to the conviction that every
inch of the territory wi'hin th? latitudes designated
belonged of right to tie United Slates, and lhat the
British Government has not a 'hadow of claim to
the smallest poriion of it He fully believed thit
now to refuse the assertion of our claim would
be injurious to this country and its honor. He did
not believe that, if we made the declaration em-
bodied in this preamble, war with Great Britain
would follow. On the contrary, he believed it
would extinguish her pietence for a quarrel
with us. Bui, even if it was to produce that
cffect, he was prepared to make the declaration
notwithstanding, and abide the i.-sue. He was not
prepared lo abandon our title to an inch of the ter-
ritory, on the ground that our assertion of it would
lead to war, or on any o'her ground; because h«
considered that title indisputable and indefeasible.
He believed it now (o be the duly of Congress to
assert our title; to declaie to the world that we will
maintain our rights, and will not abandon them.
If Great Britain is lo take offence at our declara-
tion that v-e will maintain our rightful claim, her
doing so would be no argument to him that we
ought to yield.- He considered the preamble to the
bill of the greatest importance, and hoped it would
not be stricken out.
Mr. LINN remarked that, unfortunately, by
our own supineness, we had permitted Great Brit-
ain, for all practical purposes, to lake pos-ession
of the territory. Prom 1814, through the agency
of the Norlhwest Fur Company, and subsequently
through that of the Hudson Bay Company, in
which the former was merged, she had gamed all
she could gain from the practical possession and
occupation of the country. She had, by the ex-
tension of her territorial laws of Canada, by act
of Parliament, carried British laws to the very
limits of our own organized territorial govern-
ments. England had thus told us what we might
or mij,ht not do. She had literally said to us, You
may go so far, but you shall not go one step be-
yond: if you do, we will object, and our objection
must be enoueh to stop you: you must abide by
nur acts of Parliament. Ought we lo suffer this?
Ought we not, rather, to stand up to her foot to
foot, and at once meet her face to face, and put an
end to her encroachments?
We are too prone to pay undue deference to our
old mother country. We forget how much worse
than a bad stepmother she had in time past proved
to us. We cannot, in spite of our reason and our re-
collections, cast off ourcolonialdeference to her au-
thority. We never will gel free from her arrogance
till another opportunity occurs of proving our inde-
pendence—another contest, in which she will be
as much humbled as she was in'the last. He did
not desire to see another contest with Great Britain.
But he firmly believed we would never, in the face
of heaven and the world, s.tand as frefemen, till we
had'another conflict; and, though he did not desire
it, yet he never would take one step backward to
avoid it. He would recall to the Sfnate the ag-
gression of England, the burning of our ships, ihe
murder of our seamen, the destruction of property
upon the frontier, which we had sPlained year af-
ter year, and which all had borne ss if our whole
population were imbued with the divine spirit of
Christianity. Was it si>1 No, sir; it was not
through this high and exalted motive'hat we sub-
mitted; it was from a very different cause. He
would assert again, in any contest that may lake
place, we have retreated so often and so lorg,
and debased ourselves so much, that he felt he
would not yield another inch of ground. But he
would ask, how would this affect our relations with
Great Britain? It was merely asserting that they
would not abandon it. It wa  an encouraging
declaration on the part of the United Slates, to
those people who may think proper to cist their
lot in that territory.
He could see no objection lo the passage of the
preamble. Would not Great Britain take the
sams exception to the bill as to the preamble'!
Practically, the bill was just as offensive without it
as with it.
Mr. KING did not asres with t'ne honofSble
Senator lhat it was at all necessary to the assertion
of our rights to make the declaration which is
made by this preamble. It appeared to him that
the mo=t dignified, firm, and decided course was to
print out what was necessary to be done, to talri
pos-essi'in, and to hold it until the whole matter
could be finally and permanently determined.
We btiieve (said Mr. K ) that we have the right to
the territory in question; and at a proper time we
may be called on to asrert that right. Bat I do
not think it necessary foi us to assert that right in
advance, and to say that we will have the country
because it is our*. It would not make our posi-
tion any better, or give us x higher s'anding. He
hoped the honorable Senator would see the pro-
priety of striking out the preamble. Much as he
desired to see the country occupied by an Ameri-
can population, which would be enabled in a few
years, if properly supported by the Government,
to defend and maintain ihe territory; yet he
would not resort lo any such expedient—indeed,
nonesuch was necessary. The billitself,hetbniighf,
would go very far towards giving them such a
population—a population of hardy, enterprising
men.
The country must be ours, and be felt no appie-
hension that any foreign power, however strong,
can by any possibility hold long possession of any
portion of this continent. He (Mr. K) would
not precipitate the matter by the adoption of such
a preamble as this; he would prefer that the Sesate
should act on ihe bill by i'self.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he was inclined to
vote against the preamble—not because he did not
concur in ihe propriety of what had been expressed
as to maintaining our just rights, but because it
seemed to him thai, however strong the language
employed might be, it was a very feeble method of
asserting our claim; it, in fact, rather conveyed the
impression lhat they were doubtful of iheirown title,
and were attempting to fortify it by a declaration that
right or wrong, we intend to stand by it. If our
title be a clear one, it requires no such declaration;
and if it be not a good title, depend upon it, it is not
more likely to be recognised by the world, in con-
sequence of such declaration on our part. Be-
lieving as he did, that our title is complete and un-
blemished, he would not sully it by any such pro-
ceeding. How would it sound, if, in an act rela-
ting to the District of Columbia, we were to insert
a declaration lhat we would never abandon the
possession? Would it not be absurd? He could
see no occasion for disputing about the matter. It
was highly inappropriate and unfit; and he should,
therefore, give his vole against the preamble.
Mr. ARCHER hoped the Senator from Missouri
understood lhat he was not either opposed to the
bill, or to the maintenance of our rights, whenev-
er there would be occasion to assert them. He
only objected to the expediency and necessity of
the preamble to the bill. He thought it altogether
imprudent, besides being in bad taste, to put any
such preamble lo ihe bill at all.
The question being ihes taken by ayes and noes,
it was found that they were 17 to 17; and, as the
Chair was about to ;ive a casting vote,
Mr. ARCHER called for the yeas and nays;
bul before they were ordered,
Mr. KING afked whether this vute taken by
y#as and nays, or indeed in any form, would not
be calculated to have the very effect which the
Senior Irom Missouri deprecated—that of pre-
judicing the question, and increasing the doubt he
wishes to dispel. The preamble asserts an un-
doubted title to ihe territory, A vote to strikeout
Ihe assertion of this undoubted right would bear
the inference that the Senate had some doubt; and
even if the motion to strike out did not prevail, the
vole of its supporters would have (he tendency in-
dicated. He hoped the Senator frrm Missouri
would see the disadvantage of this vote, and agree
to remove the difficulty by acceding at once to the
motion of ihe Sr-nator from Virginia.
Mr. PHELPS, ss a member of the select com-
mittee, should say that he did not consider the
preamble to the bill, when pressed by the chair-
man, very important; but was willing to retain it,
on the ground that it was necessary to sa'isfy the
public mind. But now that the subject had been
debated, and a question pat on striking out the pre-
amble, he thought it better it thould be retained,
than that anj doubt should be increased by the de-
cision in favor of the motion to strikeout.
Mr. LINN, after a few remarks, for ihe sake of
unanimity in support of the general provisions of
the bill, consented to accept the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia.
The preamble, therefore, by general consent,
was stricken out.
Mr. FULTON sobmitvd an amendment to come
in at the sixleen'h line, as fellows:
''Audio eveiysuch inhabitant ami cultivd'ur, being a mar-
lied man, there slnl! lie granted, in addition, nr.e hundred and
sixty cineto the wife of said husband, and the like quan'ity of
one hundred ami sixty acies to the father, for each child under
the, aae of eighteen yeais, he may hav--, 01 which may be born
wuhmfive years afterward?.
Mr. FULTON remarked that the object of his
amendment was to make some equality in ihe pro-
visions of the bill between married persons and
those who were singde. It was also his purpose, in
offering it, :o hold out strong inducements to men
having families to undertake the hazardous enter-
prise of emigrating to that remote and beautiful
territory. The expense to men wilh families to
get there would be much greater than to single
