CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
Territorial Legislature of Florida, entitled "An act
to prevent the future migration or emigration of
free negroes and mnlattoes into said Territory,"
or so much thereof as imposes a capitation lax on
soch of them as may enier said Territory, and au-
thorizes their sale for ninety-nine years for non-
payment of said tax,
Mr. BLACIC moved to lay the resolution on
the table
Mr. JAMES called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted in
yeas 113, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Arrington, Ridlack,
Black, Bowne, Bovd, Brewster, Aaron V.Brown, Milton Brown,
Chae. Brown, Burke, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell,
Patrick C. Caldwell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Camp-
bell, Caruihers, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles,
Mark A.Cooper, Cross, Gushing, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Daw-
aon, Dean, Deberry, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Chs.
A. Fioyd, Fomance, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, Gordon,
Graham, Green, Gustine, Gwm, Harris, Hays, Hopkins, Ilouck,
Houston, Ilubard, Hunter, Charles .1. Ingersoll, Wm. Cost
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, Keim, King, Lewis,
Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert IVicClellao,
McKay, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Maihews,
Mcdill, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Ows-
ley, Patridge, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Powell, llayner, Red-
ing, Rencher. Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, tfaundeis,
Sliaw, Shields, Sianly, Steenmd, Alexander If. II. Stuart,
John T. Stuart, Summers, Sweney, Taliaferro, John B.
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, .TacobThompaon,Triplett,
Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Warren, Washington, Watterson,
Weller, Westbrook, Edward I). White, Joweph L. White,
Christopher II. Williams, Wise, and Wood—] 13.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aye'
ngg, Babcock, Baker, Barnaid, Beeson, lhrd^eye, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Briggs, Iirockway, Bronson, Jeremiah Biown,
Burnell. Calhoun,Casey, Chittenden, John C. Clark,Staley N.
Clarke, James Cooper. Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Richard
D* Davis, Everett, Ferris, Fessenden, Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
Gates, Giddings, P G. Goode, Granger, Ilalsted, f fenry, Howard,
Hudson, Hunt, James Imn. William W. Iiwln, James,
Linn, McICennan, McKeon, Marohnnd, Mathiot, Mattocks,
Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne,
Pannenter, Pendleton, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Head,
Jtidgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, William Russell, James M.
Russell, SaUonstall, Sanl'ord, Slnde, Truman Smith, s^tokely,
Stratum, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Wal-
lace, Thomas W. William*, Winthrop, and John Young-WU.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. BOWNE offered a resolution on ihis sub-
ject, as followb:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to report, on Thursday next, the following hill to ipfund the
fine imposed on General Andrew Jackson at New Orleans.
[The bill was that introduced by Mr. Linn, in
the Senate, on the 10th March, 1842, which pro-
vided that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be directed to ascertain the
amount of the penalty or damages awarded by the
district judge of Ihe United States at New Orleans,
in the yeat 1815, against Major General Andrew
Jackson, then commander-in-chief of that district,
for official acts in that capacity, and paid by him
at that time; and that the sum ?o paid, with inter-
est at 6 per cent, per annum, be paid to Major
General Andrew Jackson, out of any money in ihc
treasury not otherwise appropriated.]
Mr. BOWNE moved the previous question on
the adoption of his resolution.
The SPEAKER took the question, and bcirg of
opinion that the motion was negatived—
Mr. WELLER called for telki;; and they were
ordered.
Messrs. Weller arid Bwnos new appointed
teller?; and they, having taken the vote, reported
66 in the affirmsti?!', arid 83 in the negative; so
the motion for the previous question was not sec-
onded.
Mr. J R. 1NGERS0LL submitted the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Jiesolved, That the Committee on Naval Aficurs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making euily provision, by
special bill or otherwise, for lenewing routiunm? the pen-
sions of the widows of persons who were lost in the United
States ship Epervier.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. EVERETT called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER announced ihc order of the day
to be the bill to repeal the bankrupt lavs'; on which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
had the floor.
Mr. T. F. MARSHALL, who had the floor,
rose, and observed that he was extremHy anxiens
to have said a word or two on the subject of the
repeal of the bankrupt law, and was patttcularly
anxious to have said something upon the inciden-
tal questions started in debate by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cumiino;] but he was
warned by the experience of last night that person-
al debility would prevent him from proceeding, as
he conld have wished, for the short time the rules
of the House allowed him. He should, therefore,
yield the floor to any gentleman who wi.-hed to
address the House on the subject. He was per-
fectly sure, he added, that the state of his health
would not enable him to proceed as he wished.
Mr. MILTON BROWN regretted the disap-
pointment that all must necessarily feel in con-
sequence of the gentleman's declining to address
the House on this subject, as was expected. He
regretted, in common wnh all others, the circum-
stances that rendered it necessary for him to do so
For himself, he had no purpose to en'er into the
general debate in regard to these subjects of politi-
cal controversy which had been discussed by the
gentlemen who preceded him. His simple and
sole object in now rising to address the House was
to say something in regard to the reasons which
would induce him to vote against the r-peal of the
bankrupt law. He voted for that law originally,
under the impression that his constituents desired
him to do so; and, having no information that they
dPisired its repeal, he voted against that measure at
the last session; and, pursuing the same course, he
should, for stronger rea ons, vote against it now.
Perhaps, in the history of our whole legislation,
there never had been a law more misunderstood
and more misrepresented than this. Objections
had been urged against it, that, he ventured to
say, had seldom originated in the lav/ itself, but in ihe
representations of those who raied the objections.
It was not his purpose (Mr. B. said) to give th:s
question a parly turn; on the contrary, it was
his intention to discuss it in connexion with the
opinions of both the political parlies of the coun-
try. It would be borne in mind that, before the
last presidential election, the passage of a bankrupt
law was advocated by gentlemen of both political
parties; and even now it would be found that there
•were very few who object to such a bankrupt law,
of itself, though they object to its details. It was
said that there were obnoxious features in the law
which not only ought to be lepealed, but that the
law itself should be repealed. It was worihy of ob-
servation, that the clause in the Constitution which
gave to Congress the power, and the only power,
of passing a bankrupt law, was adopted by nine
States to one. At that time a large majority of
all parlies concurred in the belief that it was a
wise provision, and should be acquiesced in by
Congres?.
To show that both parties, previous to the last
presidential election, concurred in the propriety of
passing a bankrupt law, he would refer to the fact
that there were two bills reported m the Senate, at
the same lime, from the two political parties m
that body; each pro/ess.ng to be the plan of the
party who reported it. 0:ie of thesp bills was re-
ported by Mr. Glayton, the other by Mr. Wall.
That teporttd by Mr. Clayton was looked upon
as the bill of the Whig patty, to which he belong-
ed; and that reported by Mr. Wall, as the bill of
the D-mucratic party, of which he was a disli'i-
gnishffd member. For thin he had the .-.uthority of
Mr. Denton, fr.im whos-! speech on that occasion
(whieh would be found in the Congressional
Globe) he hedged leave to read a lew extracts. Mr.
Benton said:
"Three members of the Judiciary Committee have reported
one hill; two members have reported another: and these two
bills emanate fiom the two political parties which, under what-
soever names, have existed m this country for fifty years
And ag-in he says, after sda'ing his objections
to the bill jeportod by Mr. Clayton, turning to
Mr. W&ll's bill, he say?!
"The other is a general bill, looking to the Tights of creditors,
as well as to the relief of debtors—intended for the luture as
well as the present and the past—applicable to corporations as
well as tu poisons—embracing the compulsoiy as well as the
voluntary feat me—and making provisions for those who are not,
as well as those who are, technically merchants and traders."
Anoiher prominent objection that Mr. Benton
had to the bill reported by Mr. Clayton, would be
found in the Fame ppecch.
"After all, [said Mr. Benton,] the bill ie not to be applicable
to all deb'ors—the relief is not to be for all persons owing debts.
There is to be a line of division between the debtors—a hoii-
zontal line—those above the line are to have relief; those below
it are denied it. Th<s results from the amount which the debtor
muat owe in order to entitle himself to the benefit of its provis-
ions. The bill provides for an amount, but leaves the sum in
blank. Will the reporter of the bill (said Mr. B., addressing
Mr. Clayton of Delaware) name the amount which it is pro-
posed to inseil?
"[Mr. Clayton said he had not been instructed to move a
particular sum; but $500 had been mentioned iir the com-
mittee.]
"Mr. Benton continued: Five hundred dollars. That was
thesum mentioned in the committee, and no other sum is men-
tioned here. Five hundred dollais must be considered, then, as
the amount necessary to be owed, to entitle a person to the
relief of theact. Now, this is arbitrary and unequal; it cuts off
the small dealers—the persons of little property—the laborers;
it cuts them off from the benefits of the act, and operates as
an encouragement to people to go largely in debt, as the laige
debtors are to be relieved, and the small ones not. It makes
the act exclusive for the large dealers, and this contrary to the
principle of equality which is professed m the bill, and with,
out any foundation m reasou and justice. The weight of debt
is relative, not absolute. It depends upon the amount of the
debtoi's property, and not upon the amount of the debt. To
one man, a debt of one hundred dollais is as much as a
hundied thousand, or a million, is to another. To one man,
five hundred dollars is as much as five hundred thousand is to
another; and, beyond question, the most numerous class of
debtors in the United States are those who owe less than the
minimum proposed in this hill. But these email debtors, nu-
merous as they are, are disregarded and overlooked by the bill.
They are to work out iheir debts m soriow aud in misery,
carrying: their t-ndless load to the grave; while the dashers—
the large debtors—clear out theirs by a declaration and a sur-
render."
Again: Mr. Benton said—and he referred to
this for the pmpose of showing (hat both parties
concurred in favor of a bankrupt law—
"I do not think the presept session the propitious one for ben-
eficial action on this subieci. Five hundred thousand voters,
demanding the passage of a law, on the eve of an election,
must have an influence upon the hopes and fears of the law-
giver, as well .is upon his judgment and conscience. Since
they have waited bo long, I should have preferred the delay of
a few months more Still, the subject is before us, and we are
here; and I am willing to act, and to do what I believe to be my
duty. I am ready to a-sist in framing an act which shall be
general in its provisions, and just in its application—which
shall do justice to the cieditor, as well as to the debtor—which
shall apply to trading and money-dealing corporations, as well
as to trading and money-dealing individuals—which shall be
compulsory with regard to traders and dealers, whether natural
or artificial—which shall be optional with respect to other
classes of the community—and which shall distinguish between
misfortune and miscomluct "
Further on, Mr. denton made ihe following re-
mark, which proves that the bill of Mr. Wall was
the bill of the Democratic party:
"The bill of the minority furnishes the true basis for the
enactment of a bankrupt system. We offer to provide for all;
and itisfot the gentlemen on the opposite side to say that alt
shall miscarry if they aie not allowed to provide fur one part,
and one side, only.
Hero was the proof of two facts: First, lhat the
bill of Mr. Wall originated with the party to which
he belonged; and, second'y, that it was considered
by them as the true basis of a bankrupt law. Now,
what were the provisions of this bill? He had it in
h s hand, and found that it contained every objec-
tionable feature that was so strongly condemned
in Ihe p>esent law. Mr. Brown then referred to
Mr. Wall's specch, published in the Congressional
Globe i f 1839, paje 402, from wh'ch he read the
following extract:
'•It is intended to act both retrospectively and prospectively.
"It looks upon the pa*t, not to condemn, but to relieve The
whole 1-tnd i5? strewed with the wrecks of bankruptcy, and we
Cannot look in any direction, without perceiving the '"jetsam
trade cast upon its shares. All must admit the
fact, however much they may disagree as to the causes, that
this state of things has lesult^d from the contractions and ex-
pansions ot the currency; and that the fluctuations growing out
of n have imparted to all business depending on prices, the
hazaids and vicissi tides incident to commerce and trade. The
lies' energies of the country have been paralyzed; the brightest
visions of gam have disappeared, and the wisest and most
prudent schemes, uniting public improvement with individual
interest, have perished as if by magic, in the universal revul-
sion that has desolated the count! y. This bill proposes to cast
th-' mantle of oblivion over the past conduct of the debtor—
ovei his acts whi< h may have been compelled, or the prefer-
ences which may have but extorted, in his vain struggles to pro.
long his existence in the marts of trade. All that it demands
from the debtm who seeks itsbenefits is. that he should honestly
surrender what is left, however small, for the general henefitof
his creditois."
Now, cont:n«ed Mr. B , h?re was !hs biil which
&?r. Benton said originated with his party, and
looked ret otily to the present, but the past; gnd
which Mr. Wall said demanded nothing from the
U6bior bin that hp should honeitiy surrender what
was loft of hi.- fffecis, however small, for the ben-
efit of his creditors. Mr. Benton said that it
looked rot only to the present, bat to the past—to
small sums, as well as laige ones—and was not'
confined to the limit of $500, like the bill of
Mr. Clayton. Now, it was to be observed that
the great feature of ihe present law which had
served to render it unpopular, was the retrospective
t ne; and he had jtsst shown that the bill which
