108
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was looked upon as the peculiar bill of the Demo-
cratic party, was also retrospective in its pro-
visions.
Another objection which had bcea urged to this
bill, was, that it not only embiaced merchants and
traders, but other classes of the community. He
would not dwell on this part of the subject, but
would just remark that both Mr. Benton and Mr.
"Wall supported a bill which contained the same
provisions in this lespect.
Great objections- had also been made to the pres-
ent law, because it relieved all persons indiscrimi-
nately, no mutter how small fheir debts might be;
and it was made a matter of complaint, that men
took the benefit of the bankrupt law who<e debts
did not amount to $100. That was a popular ar-
gument, throughout the country.
How, here i' was seen that Mr. Benton and the
party who acted with him objected to Mr. Clay-
ion's bill, that it was partial and unjust in its
operations, because it was confined to deb's of five
hundred dollars and upwards. He would venture
to assett, that it a bankrupt law had been
passed at the extra session, excludirg svnail debt-
ors from its benefits, there would tiave been an
outcry from one end of the country to the other,
It would have been said that it was a bill for
the benefit of large traders and magnificent specu-
lators only; that it was aristocratic in its pro-
visions, and not made for the really poor and un-
fortunate, who were alone deserving of relief.
Another objection to the piesent law was, that it
discharged debtors without the consent of a ma-
jority of iheir creditors. Now, this bill, which was
so highly eulogized by Mr. Benton and Mr. Wall,
contained precisely the ;ame provision /.g}in:
it had been objected to the present law that it al-
lowed the bankrupt debtor to retain too much of bis
effects. Mr. B. here explained the provisions in
Mr. Wall's bill on this subject, contrasting them
with the present, and, as he said, highly to the ad-
vantage of the latter.
What was the difference between those tsvo
laws? The bankrupt bill of Mr. Wall included
banks, and this did not. Had, then, the unpopu-
larity of this bill arisen throughout the land, be-
cause it did not include banks? Certainly not. If
it were so, it would be proper to amend it by in-
cluding banks, or (what was stiil more proper) by
passingja separate bill; for there wasnocongruity be-
tween the two subjects. But he believed that this
topic was used rather asa popular hobby, than with
the design that it should be adopted. Hi wouid
not, however, dwell on ihe subj -ct. His intention
bad been merely to show that this bill originated
with the self-styled Demrcraiic party, fer which he
had the express endorsement of Mr. Benton, and
that it contained all the objectionable features of
that passed at the extra seision.
But a word or two as to the provisions of
this bill, and the reasons given for its repeal.
Those reasons bad a'l turned on its retrospective
operations. And what did gentlemen propose?
To letall its retrospective featuresstand,and to repeal
its prospective features, which every gentleman
on that floor piofessed to believe was right. There
were two views to be taken of the operation of
that bill: the fir«t, its operation r.s b: neficia! t  ths
debtors; and, secondly, its operation as affeo.tir.g
creditors. In the discussion o( this bill, at the time
of its passage, he expressed 1m apprehension that
it would at first be misapprehended and misun-
derstood by the country; but that if it could
withstand the first shock, it would be upheld by
the people; and he no',7 deemed it tops! unwise
and impolitic to sweep off that which all agreed
was whe and constitutional. Why wa^' this ? Was
it because, in the d-.ne for political cfTec.t, a
storm had teen raised against cne part of- the law
which it was too la'e to repeal, that ih3t storm had
been turned against that part which was unobjec-
tionable ? It was admitted th.it this law, in its pros-
pective operation, was calculated to do good by
ptevetitirg fraudulent conveyances and dishon-
est preferences. One of the greatest evils abroad
in this land, was the liberty of the debtor to piefer
one creditor to snoihir. Not that isone^t prefer-
ence which the law de-igatd ; but a preference in
favor of a member vi the debtor's family—p-jthapr.
a son, a brother, or a father. Again : this law was
calculated to operate favorably on the morality of
the country in another point of view. Ii was cal-
cu'ated to induce the debtor 10 <|ive up all he bad,
in consideration of eettiog a discharge from all bis
deb's. What was the effect now? A man might
be in failing circumstances, with a wife and
children dependent upon his exertions; or, by
a stroke of adverse fcriur.e, nearly every-
thing might be swept away from him, snd
from tho-e who were dependent on him;
and, in such circumstances, there, was strong
temptation which human nature c -uld not always
withstand, to withhold something in the hands of a
friend for bis wife and children. It v;as wrong, but
he confessed there was strong mitigation in con-
sideration of what a man must feel who had a
wife and children dependent on him. In these two
points of view, then, it was calculated to benefit
the morals of the country, by cutting off prefer-
ences, and. inducing the deb'or to give up every-
thing he had, in consideration that he :hoald then
have ihe right logo free. But it was calculated,
in its piospective operation, to protect a large class
of creditors from the cunning and ar'ifice of the
few; for a man might stand by and see a debtor
overtrading un il (while the mass of the creditors
knew nothing of what wat goirg on) a deed of trust
was executed, and all his effects were swept from
the mass of hi, creditors into the hands of one who
stood by and saw his overtrading. This law, how-
ever, stepped in, and said jou shall have no pri-
vate and confidential relations with the debtor, if
misfortune overtake.? him, but alt creditors shall
share alike. Was not thi®, then, calculated
to protect the mass of the creditors from un-
lawful and unhallowed preferences? Would they
not believe, then, if this feature of the law was
understood, that the people would feel it to be
their interest to preserve it? And did they not also
believe that, if ii was presetved, it would cut
eff a most fruitful source of litigation, with-
which the country was flooded? Go into iheir
courts of justice, and the most fruitful source of
litiga'ion would be seen to be in questions of pref-
erence, deeds of tiust, and mortgages; and after
exhausting the property, it perhaps fell into the
hands of that creditor who was the least of all
entitled to it. It not only did this, but it produced
a most fruitful crop of perjuries and if they desired
to cut oil' the inducement to that class of crimes,
it must be bv the adherence to a simple and equi-
table proceeding in the divrionof property, ami
the cu'Ung olV that source of litigation which, in
its operation, caused a thousand frauds where but
in? would exist under this law.
But a most prominent tenrfh from this law wan
still to be mentioned. It was the res.raining r.f
excessive credits. Wis decirme of credit.; was
thi.-i there was no legitimate credit, ex;ept that
which rested on the ability of a mm to pay all his
debts. A man who gave credit in the hope of a
preference, gave a false and an illusive credit;
whereas a legitimate credit was ihat based 011 the
ability of the debtor to pay ail his d;bts. These
were no visionary theories. This was the
law in England, where insolvencies, as illus-
trated by a statement of Judge Story, were
as one in seventeen compared wiih the same
number of credits here; for there every crediur
was bonud to watch over the solvency of his deb'-
or, while here he was bound but to watch over the
ability to pay his own debts. Now this country
wanted ibe pas'-age and sustaining of a law which
wou'd connect itself with the permanent advance-
ment of its great commercial interests. But mort-
pages and deeds of trust were the pilbus on which
false credit rented: sweep then away, and false
credit wo old fall He beiieved ih^re should b" no
preferences. When a mm endorsed fo>- anoiher,
he should endorse that he was good for all his
deb s, a>. d that, endorser sb< u'd not be entitled to a
nreferer.ee And would not this restrain credit?
If they destroyed the system by which these prefer-
ences were given, thev would restrain the ability of
the individual to run into debt And he thought, if
these checks had been thrown over the law some
years ago, there would have been many saved
from total rain and destruction by endorsing the
paper of others. These, then, were some of the
advantages of this law; and it bad been his object
not to argue this question in any party point of
view, further than to show that both parties had been
in favor of it, from the fathers of the Constitution,
descending by the line of great men who have
succeeded them.
Mr- WELLER said the speech of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Brown] was, by the
rules of the House, in ord r; but by the practice of
the House it. xrasout of order; for he had confined
himself to the question upon which they should be
called upon to vote, and it was but the second or
third speech which they had had on that question.
He then wer.t on to say that he was opposed to
the enac'mcnt of the present bankrupt law,
because he deemed it to be a violation of the Con-
stitution, which he had sworn to support. He did
not find in that instrument any power given to
Congress to enact laws giving to individuals the
power to violate their contracts. He held that
Congress could exerci>e no powers but those ex-
pressly delegated. If ths power to pass a general
bankrupt law could be exercised without making
the law retrospective, he should have no objection
to vote for such a measure.
The present bankrupt law was passed at the
extra session, under peculiar circumstances. On
one day, it was laid upon the table by a majority of
eleven votes-. The next day the motion was re-
considered—the majori'y having determined, when
the aine flowed freely the night before, to change
their determination. It was found necessary to ihe
passage of another bill—the land distribution bill—
that this bankrupt measure should be carried
through. The whole legislation of the extra ses-
sion was accomplished by contract. Kow that the
land bill had been practically repealed, those who
voted for the bankrupt law, in order to secure its
passage, were calling for a repeal of that measure
likewise. The cry for tue repeal cf the bankrupt law
was geneial, and he presumed no one would have
the independence to stand up on that floor and say
that the popubr voice was not in favor of an early
repeal. Indeed, it had been pretty generally ad-
mitted by all who spoke, that public sentiment was
against the law. Let Congress, then, act in ac-
cordance with the wishes of the people. The ad-
vocates of the law seemed to concede its unpopu-
laritj; y-t (bey contended thai the people were ig-
norant, and did m t understand the principles
of the law ! He had often observed how common
a practice it was, wiih politicians of a certain s'amp,
to pronounce public opinion, when against them,
as erroneous and i 1-founded. These same politi-
cians contended that the policy of a bankrupt bill
was fore the people in 1840, and that they then
decided in its favor. He (Mr. W.) denied the as-
sertion. The people were not called upon, in 1840,
to decide upon any such measure ss a bankrupt
law. That was parsed by the Whi^s at the extra
session, and went forth to the people. With ample
opportunities to discover its operatirn—after the
law had been largely di.-cussed on. the stump and
by the press—neir verdict was rendered against it,
unequivocally and decidedly. Why not carry out
that judgment? Because, argued gentlemen, the
people are ignoitint; because tbey do not under-
stand their own interest?; and because, after one
year's operation, th'ey cannot understand the char-
ac!er of the law which has been enacted!
He then went on to argue that a properly di-
gested bankmpt law, prospective in its character,
and including corporations wi'bin iu provisions,
would be benefic:al. He admitted that the repeal
of the prcst rst law would be attended wiih some
hardships; that ihe declaration of some m-m to be
bankrupt necessarily brought on others; and that
the continvianc" of ihe law might be productive of
some advantages; yet, believing the measure to
be uneon titut,onal, he was bound to vote for its
repeal. It was a pa-amount du'y v,hich he owed
to the Constitution hs had swoin to support, to
seiz? the fi.-st opportunity to wipe it from the
staiuie-book. He held that this couise should be
adopted by all who were convinced of the uncon-
Mitutionaliiy of the. measure, no matter how well
t'pey might he convinced of its advantages.
Inasmuch as party politics had been dragged in-
