110
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion to insolvency and contracts. That in one case
the law was universal and absolute; and in the
other, it gave rise to innumerable questions, aris-
ing from the conflicting legislation and judicial
collision ffetween the Federal Legislature and courts,
and the Legislatures and tribunals of the several
States.
We have had, since the organization of the Gov-
ernment, two bankrupt laws: the first bank-
rupt law, passed toon after the formation of the
Government, was a regular constitutional English
bankrupt law, and was confined in its operation
to traders. It was severe in its provisions,
and Coercive in its character. It was made
in conformity with the Constituiion, and in
the spirit and policy of a bankrupt law which
in its origin and formation was intended to
afford to creditors a means of relief against
fraudulent or defaulting debtors-', by coercing the
debtor, in the commission of an act of bankruptcy,
to deliver up all his estate for the benefit of his
creditors; and m iis improved organization, it ex-
. tended relief to unfortunate traders, as such per-
sons were liable, from contingencies against which
human prudence could not guard, to sudden losses
and misfortunes. But it rever was intended by
the bankrupt law to extend to all persons relief
from the effects of their own voluntary impru-
dence or extravagance, to encourage the contracting
of debts and obligations, without the neans of
payment or performing them. This first bankrupt
law was severe and searching in its provision?, and
was calculated to secure creditors, and reach the
fraudulent, nevertheless. It became unpopular;
and, although it was limited in its duration to five
years, it was repealed m less than three years,
in obedience to the voice of the people,
loudly expiessed in all parts of the country.'
We have recently had the experience of a bank
rupt law of a different descriptor.—a iav/ which
was so framed, that the debtor could, on his own ap-
plication, be discharged from his liabilities without
the assent of his creditors, and in absolute violation
of their rights, and his own contract, solemnly and
voluntarily entered into; and notwithstanding its
advent was hsiled with so much enthusiasm, it has
inflicted injuries on the country incomparably
greater than any benefits it has conferred; and
now, in the short space of one year, its repeal is
loudly called for from 5,11 parts of our widely-ex-
tended country. Thus both experiments have
failed; and it must be manifest thai the difficulties
of making a bankrupt iaw which is calculated to
prevent fraud, while it relieves from oppression,
are almost insurmountable. In England, from the
first formation of a bankrupt law, under Henry VIII.,
to the present time, there have been constant and re-
peated efforts to improve the bankrupt law. There
appears to have been a conflict between the Legisla-
ture and those disposed to commit frauds un-
der the law—the one parsing provisions against
practices of a fraudulent character; and the
other seeking to elude them. The bankrupt
law was revised in the reign of George IV; im-
proved in tie ieign of William IV; and Glusai
Victoria has issued a commission to inquire into
the measuies necessary to improve the bankrupt
law. 80 productive of fraud and iniquity have
been the English bankrupt laws, that some of her
best statesmen and jurists—and among the rest,
Lord Elden—ht-ve lamented their existence. And
here let me observe, that one great objection to
the retention of the involuntary portion of the
bankrupt law is, that persons disposed to act
fraudulently, after arranging <heir affairs to suit
their purposes, obtain some friend to commence
proceedings against them—apparently hostile, but
m reality tp aid the bankrupt fraudulently to ob-
tain a release frcm his creditor*; and the check 10
this fraud in the English iaw, whirh dees not
exist in the law (and which it is not probable will
be incorporated into its provisions) now under
consideration, is a provision requiring a large part
of the creditors—I believe fosr fifths of all the
creditors of the bankrupt—to assent in writing to
bis discharge.
An objection has been urged in this debate
against the repeal of the bill, of an extraordinary
character. It is said that the bill has discharged
many persons from their debts, and that, by so do-
ing, it has swept away the assets of solvent debt-
ors, and placed them in a state of bankruptcy;
and it is urged lhat the law should be continued
for their relief. It may be recollected that this
was one of the fatal results which was predicted
from the passage of the bill. It was then said, you
propose relief by releasing one part of the commu-
nity from their debts and obligations, and by de-
priving another portion of the community of their
rights and property; you propose to relieve the in-
solvents, by bankrupting their creditors—to benefit
one part of society by ruining the other part; and
here is an argument based upon the assertion lhat
all these results have been fully verified. If this
argument prevails, the bankrupt law must tie per-
petual, because it will be continually producing the
same effects; and if it has made bankrupts by its
past operation, what will prevent the like causes
from producing like effects by its future operation?
Is it not better to check the evil by immediately re-
pi ahng this bill, thereby restoring confidence be-
tween man and man, and proclaiming to the com-
munity that those who contract obligations must
perform them, and that those who confide their
pioperty on the faith of contracts shall have the
legal means of enforcing them?
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Brown] has urged an argument for the continu-
ance of the law still more untenable: he has de-
scib^d to us a bankrupt law introduced by Mr.
Wall into the Senate of the United States; and
pointed out all its defects; and clearly shown, by
his description of Mr. Wall's law—which I have
not seen—that it was ks objectionable as the
law now under discussion. He has conjured
up a phantom, and fairly battled it down.
What does all this prove? Why, simply that
Mr- Wall's law was a very unconstitutional and
inexpedient iaw. Can it be justly pretended that
any person is responsible for Mr. Wall's law, ex-
cept himself and those who advocated it? Surely
the members of this House who opposed the pres-
ent bankrupt law, are not responsible for Mr.
Wall's law; and the fair presumption is, they
would have opposed it for the same reasons they
have opposed the present law. Nor does the
badness of that law form any apology or argu-
ment in favor of the existing law, which has
worked, and is daily working, great evils in the
community; and I am firmly persuaded that one
of the great barriers to the return of active bu«i-
ness trade and commerce, is ihe existence of this
law, which destroys confidence between man
and man, and obstruct that faith and reliance
on the performance of engagement-! which con-
stitute the life and impulse to active business.
With these views, lam an advocate for the repeal
of the law; and for the reasons before mentioned,
and considering the lateness of the hour, I shali
not detain the House by going into a more ex-
tended view of 'he subject.
Mr. BOWNE then obtained the floor; but yield-
ed it for a motion to adjourn to—
Mr. ANDREWS ef Kentucky, on whose mo-
tion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 4, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro fem. laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting copies of a correspondence
which has recently taken place between certain
agents of the Government of the Haiwaiari or
Sardwich Mauds, and the Secretary of State;
which, on motion of Mr. EVANS, was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of State, transmitting addi-
tional information, in. compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, as to the operations of the
bankrupt act; which was referred to the Judiciary
Committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN said fee had been requested to
present to the Senate a petition from the city of
Philadelphia, against the repeal of the bankrupt
iaw; which iaw, the petitioners say, is both consti-
tutional and expedient. Mr. C. said he cheerfully
complied with the request to present the petition;
but, notwithstanding the declaration of the peti-
tioners as to its expediency and constitutionality, he
had not changed his opinion that the law was both
inexpedient and unconstitutional; and he would
therefore vote for its repeal.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a resolution adopted
by the Legislature of South Carolina, on the sub-
ject of the fine imposed on Dr. Thomas Cooper,
deceased, by the courts of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1800, under the alien and sedition law, for an
alleged libe-1 on John Adams, then President of the
United State?; and urging that it ought to be refund-
ed by Congress to his heirs, inasmuch as the law
under which it was impoted was generally admit-
ted to be unconstitutional.
Mr. C. also presented other resolutions of the
Legislature of South Carolina, expressing the
opinion of that body that the fine imposed during
the late war with Great Britain, by Judge Hall, on
General Jackson, lor an alleged contempt of judi-
cial tulhority, was tyrannical and unjust, and put
an unmerited stain on the reputation of that dis-
tinguished citizen; and lhat it ought to be refunded
with full legal mtere>t, not merely as a pecuniary
indemnity, but as a reparation justly due by the
whole country for his eminent services, his wound-
ed character and feelings.
The resolutions were read, and referred to the
Juciciary Committee.
Mr. TAPPAN presented five memorials from
Columbiana county, Oiaio, praying for the repeal
of the bankrupt law: referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
the city of New York, and Erie county, New York,
remonstrating against the repeal of the bankrupt
act.
Mr. T. tock occasion to express the hope, as this
subject was before the Judiciary Committee, that
they would, instead of recommending a repeal of
the law, propose such amendments as would re-
move all objections as to its alleged unconstitution-
ality and inexpediency.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Pennsylvania engaged in
the pilotage of vessels to and from the Delaware
bay ana river, asking Congress to make an appro-
priation to repair the pier on Reedy island, for the
protection of commerce: referred to the Committee
on Comm-rce.
Also, presented a memorial from citizens of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, asking Congress
to refund the fine imposed on Gen. Jackson by
Judge Hall.
Also, presented a memorial from a number of
underwriters of Philadelphia, signed by the presi-
dents of all the insurance companirs, asking Con-
gress to make an appropriation to clear out the
snags and other obstructions in the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers; which was referred to the Commit-
tec on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition from citizens
of Newark, New Jersey, representing that they
are strongly interested in the commerce on the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri rivers, and recommending the
passage of a iaw appropriating money to remove
obstructions from those rivers: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, presented a petition from citizens of the
States of New York and New Jersey, praying for
tfee establishment of- a mail route from Dickers-
town, via Mount Salem, New Jersey, to Minisink,
New York; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Messrs. MILLER and DAYTON presented
memorials against the repeal of the bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from Richard
Pollard, late charge d'affaires of the United States
at Chili, praying to be indemnified for certain losses
sustained in consequence of the omission of the
United States to give him a letter of credit on Lon-
don, in payment ef his salary, &c.: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Delaware, praying that a regulation of the
