CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II t
Post Office Department, preventing the transmis-
sion of newspapers and documents on the mail
routes, unless in the mail, may be repealed: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Posl
Roads.
Mr. MERRICK presented a like memorial from
Richard Sands and others, of the city of Annapolis;
which was referred to the same committee.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back to the Senate, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that they do pass, the
following bills from the House:.
The bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas
Winslow;
The bill for the relief of Burr & Smith;
The bill for the relief of Ferdinand Libert; and
The joint resolution authoring ihe Secretary of
the Treasury to settle, on certain terms, the liabili-
ties of the surfeties of Gordon D. Boyd, la'e re-
ceiver of public moneys at ColttmbUs, Mississippi.
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on Ihe table one day, under ihe
rule, viz:
Jtesolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he directed to
communicate to th$ Sendee the evidence in hid possession
shoeing that depredations of a most ruinous kind are bem?
daily committed on the navy timber growing on the public
lands; arid that our own people aie daily selling to our Govern-
ment live-oak umber, which they take from the public lands;
and also such proof as may he in his possession tending to
Shot* that, any foreign Government has, by contracts wnh any
of our citi/.ens, obtained supplies of live oak, cut from the pub-
lic land; and, also, inform the Senate what additional grants df
power and means to the officers of Government are, in his
opinion, necessary to complete the preservation, foi national
uses, of the live oak timber growing on the public lands 111 the
Slate of Louisiana and the Teiritory of Fionda.
Mr. BENTON rose to call ihe atlention of the
Senator from Virginia (Mr. Rivks] to an error in
Ink primed copy of his speech, made 111 secret ses-
sion last August, when the subject of ihe treaiy
with Great Britain was under discussion. That
part of the primed .speech to which he galled the
attention of the Senator, was this: "The Senator who
produced it"— that is, the ir.ap from Mr. Jeffer-
son's collection, now lying on his (Mr. B ' )desk—
"could see nothing but ihe microscopic dotted line
lunningcff in a northeasterly direction; but the
moment other eyts weie applied io it, there was
found, in bold relief, a strong red line, indicating
tbc limits of the United Stales according 10 the
tfeaty of peace, and coinciding, minutely and
Exactly, with the boundary traced on tne map of
Mr. Sparks."
The error lo which he referred was in the first
part of ihis quotation—that "the Senator who pro-
duced it [the mapl could see nothitig but ihe mi-
croscopic doited line, running off in a northeaster-
ly direction; but Ihe moment ether eyes w<re ap-
plied to il, ihere was found, in bold relief," &c,
The error was in suppos-ing lhat the Senator (him-
self) could not, or would not, see the strong red
line in bold relief, or endeavored to conceal it from
the Senaie, and to make it believe ihere was no oth-
er boundary line on the map bat ihe "microscopic
dotted line." Now, what really dd lake place in
the Senaie on the occasion of bis (Mr. B.'s) produ-
cing this map? When he saw that the Senalor
from Virginia was yet in the act of pressing the
importance of the map referred to by Mr. Sparks,
he interrupted the Senalor by calling out from
his seat, "Here is the very same rod line on
Mr. Jefferson'.!! map, for many years m the libraiy
of Congress; it is the same in this map." And,
on comparison, it wai found to correspond ex-
actly. He did not at ab, on that occasion, produce
the doited line as proof of the boundary intended.
It was 24 hours afterwards he did that. His ob-
ject in then interrupting the Senator by the ex-
clamation he had ju.-t mentioned, was to show that
the grand secret on which so much stress was laid
by bim, was no secret at ah. It could be no se-
cret, for Mr. Jefferson's map had lain in the libiary
of Congress, open (o every one'.* inspection, (or
twenty or thirty years. It would be recollected
■thai, when he made the announcement, several
Senators crowded round him to see the " broad,
strong red line." After they had inspected it, the
map was carried round to ihe opposite side of ihe
chamber, and there also examined. There was
no more debate that day on the treaty. The uo-
' aient he had produced this map, it beeame com-
monly known to all the Senators who chose (o
look at it, that there was the-saois broad, strong
line on it, as on the map found by Mr. Sparks,
and taken to be Dr. Franklin's map. As well as
he recollected, the inspection of that very line oc-
cupied the remainder of the sitting in secret session
that day. What surprised him was, that the Sen-
ator from Virginia could so far mistake ihe maiter
as to suppose he (Mr. Benton) wished to conceal
ih® broad red line, and only bring forward the
small dotted line. What he did on the occasion
was quite the reverse; he produced this map, and
pointed to the "broad, strong red line," to prove
that the Senator's great secret was no secret at all;
and for no olher purpose.
Mr. RIVES said, if the Senator from Mis-
souri, in ihe statemeSt which he had just made,
desired to convey the idea that he (Mr. R.) had in-
tended to make the impression that, the object of
the honorable Senator, in exhibiting the dotted
boundary upon the map which he had produced,
was lo conceal the red line from the Senate, he
was greatly mistaken. He (Mr. R.) had not
suspected, or imputed to him any such absurd pur-
pose; but his impression was—and he believed that
impression was universal—that, at the time the
honorable Senator produced thut n><v, such was
the prepossession oi his mind with regard io ibe
sptirtousnei-s cf the m<sp which was understood to
have ihe sanction of Dr. Franklin: and that the
only trua Hn?i was lhat tunning m a northeast di-
rection, a? represented by the dotted line upon
ihe map which he produced, that hn attention
was, in a great measure, confined lo the doited
line, and his endeavor was to prove the other to
be spurious And to show the honorable Senator
that he (Mr. R) was not singular in this view,
he would appeal to the whole Senate, and par-
ticu'ariy to iho.'e Senators who took paitin ihe
discu-ston—especially to the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] (nho, he perceived, h.'.d
in his ,«peech, as printed, referred to the same oc-
curence,) whether their impre-.sion did not coincide
with his own, lhat the map had been produced by
ihe Senator from Missouri expressly for the pur-
pose of contradicting and rebutting the map exhib-
ited as Dr Franklin'- map. He never suspected
ihe Senator of any design of concealment, for ihe
affair occurred in the face of ibe whole Senate.
His belief was, lhat the Senator'^ mind was so pre-
possessed wiih ihe notion that Mr. Sparks's map
was spurious, and that the dotted line he pointed out
was the line recognised, that he fixed upon that
line, and disregarded the oiher. And, in justifica-
tion of th'« impression, he appealed to the Senate,
individually and collectively, whether it was not
the universal impression at the time, lhat the boror-
able Senator produced his map lor Ihe purpose of
rebutting and falsifying the map communicated by
Mr. Sparks. The Senator had remarked lhat Sen-
ators had collected around him. This was true; it
was a sane which would not soon be forgotten by
any who were eye-witnesses of it.
He (Mr. Rives) was happy to hear the S-:natcr
now admit (for thi^ wa-< Ihe only print of contro-
versy he at all anticipated ho possible) lhat it is the
red line which does represent what the constructor
of the map intended as the boundary of the United
Sates. He confused he was surprised when he
saw the honorable Sena'ot's printed speech, and
observed ILae aspeet in whicti the production of the
French map was there presented. The honorable
Senator mu t pardon him for mentioning, in justi-
fication of his impassion of the transaction, the
remark which was made at the time—thai the Sen-
ator had been caught in his own trap, and fallen
into the ptt he had laid. The impression of all
present, so (ar ss he knew or believed, was, that
the Senator ha=l entirely failed in the particular de-
sign wiih which he produced the map from the
Herculaneum ot Mr. Jefferson's manuscripts.
He felt it due to himself lo refer to these circum-
stances. He was not in the habit of lightly pla-
cing before the public representations of what had
taken place in the Senate chamber; and he endeav-
ored always to adhere strictly to the history of
things referred to, precisely as they transpired.
And, if he had, in this instance, fallen into error, it
was an error which, be had every reason to be-
lieve, was common to the whole Senate.
Mr. BENTON observed that there was but one
point to which he should again refer. The printed
speech of the Senator from Virginia says:
"a. map has been vauntingly paraded here, from Mr. Jeffer-
son's collection} in ihe zeal of opposition, (without taking tim©
to see what it was,) to confront, and invalidate the map found
by Mr. Sparks in the Foreign Office at Paris; but, the moment
it is examined, it is found to sustain, by the most precise and re-
markable corresponded e in every feature, the map communi-
cated by Mr. Sparks. The Senator who produced it could see
nothing"—[&c., as before quoted J
The point was, lhat he (ihe Senator, Mr. Beh-
ton) couid not see, or would not see, the broad,
strong, red line—and consequently concealed from
the Senate that it existed oa ihe map he brought
forward—coinciding with the red line on Doc-
tor Franklin's map; while it was held oat
that he could see, and did see, the little mi-
croscopic dotted line, and showed it to the
Senaie; the other line—the broad, strong red line-
being concealed till "other eyes" were applied to
the map. This was a question of fact, on which
he took his stand. He now made the declaration,
ill the presence ot those who were present on the
occasion allud«d to, and who now heard him, that
the first thing he did, on producing the map, was
to proclaim ihe red line; and he did proclaim it
loudly, too, to prove that Mr. Sparks's secret was
no secret at all. This was the point he made,
and he coaU! not and should not be driven from it.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, having been called
en io stale his impression, he rose to say, lhat he
had not doubted that the object of the Senator, ia
introducing the map referred to, was to rebut the
one which bad been introduced in connexion with
Dr. Franklin's note. He had so stated in his
printed speech on the treaty; and never knew, till
this morning, ih.it there was any diversity of opin-
ion on the subject.
As to the facts which transpired in secret session
in reference to the subject, he must say that his
impression corresponded, on material points, with
the .'tatements made by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BENTON. I affirm, in the presence of for-
ty-eight Senators now present, and most of whom
were piesent on the occasion alluded to, that I pro-
claimed the red line for the very purpose of rebut-
ting the allegation®lhat the discovery cf Mr. Sparks
was a secret; and that I did show, by the produc-
t.en of ihis map, that it could not be a secret. What
I now assert if, that I was ihe first human being
that proclaimed the red line in this map to the Sea-
ate, and that 1 called out to Ihe Senator from Vir-
ginia for the purpose of showing it to him. I did
rebut the asseition that it was a secret newly
brought to light. I deny that I made any conceal-
ment ol lhat red line. I deny it in the presence of
forty-eight Senators, who must know the facts of
ihe case. I now again say, in their presence, that I
did proclaim the red line, and did not wait till
"other eyes" had discovered it. I say this in the
presence of forty-eight Senators, who know what
I say is true.
Her  the subject dropped.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee oa the
Post Office and Pot t Roads, reported to the Senate
the following b lis; which were read, and ordered
to a second reading, viz:
A bill to authorize the Postmaster General to
make permanent contracts for ihe transportation
of tbe United Ststes mail on railroads; and
A bill to prevent the employment of private ex-
presses on mail routes, arid for Ibe pievention of
irauds on the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. M. also gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a b<ll to regulate the use and
to correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and
to regulate the charge for carrying matter through
the mails.
Mr. ARCHER gave notice that he would on to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the set-
lltment of claims for French spoliations commit,
ted prior to 1800.
Mr. RIVES submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day, under the rule.
