m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to cominuoicate to the Senate Of not, in his opinion, incon-
sistent with the public interest) copies of any correspondence
between the Government of Great Britain and the minister ©f
the United States at London, on the subject ofthe destiuctionof
the steamboat Caroline, which may not have been heretofore
publicly communicated to either House of Congress.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
~ Mr. WRIGHT said that some days ago he pre.
seined a memorial trom the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York city, on the subject of the
warehousing system, and proposed to refer it to
the Committee on Finance; and that motion, at the
solicitation of ihe Senator from Connecticut, and
by his conjent, was postponed until Senators might
have an opprrtunity to read the memorial, (which
was ordered to be printed,) and enable them to
vote understanding^ on the question of reference,
The proposition to res-ume the subject bad been
delayed, that certain Senators -who were absent
might return to their places, and vote on the ques-
tion. He now moved to take up the memorial,
with a view to its reference. He would merely
make the motion, for he diJ not desire to occupy
the attention of the Senate, under the conviction
of his o*n mind that the warehousing system,
however arranged, must be, in the business of Con-
gress, a finance! system, and not one of commercial
regulation. He was confident that, if Senators
had read the memorial, they would agree with him
that the memorialists viewed the question aj one
of finance, and which only iucidentally affected the
commerce of the country.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said thai the mo ion to re-
- fer this memorial, which wa-i made some days
since, was po.tponed, at his r< quest, wiih a view
lo examine the memorial in connexion with Ihe
proposed reference, for the purpose of enabling
him to see whether there was anything in it thit,
with propriety, might be made a subject of retei-
eace to the Committee on Finance. The perusal
by him of the document, so far from changing his
opinion expressed to the Senate, that the subject
was primarily and principally one of commercial
regu'ation, ard not of finance, had but confirmed
it. It would be seen ihat the warehousing system,
as argued in this memona1, wa; one principally
to increase the trade of the country, 10 ben-
efit the importing merest.-—to give to the im-
porters and the factor the benefits that, under the
cash system of duties, they do not now enjoy—the
benefits of such a credit system as was afforded by
means of dock-warrants. He contended that the
object of the warehousing sjsteB), a> was sta'ed
in the memorial, was to build up the commercial
maiine of the United States.
Mr. H. spoke at some length upon the subject
of the English warehousing system-, which, though
it was characterized as a liberal one, took care to
carry out one principle—that of seeming a home
market at the expense of all other commercial
countries. He then viewed the system as proposed
by the memorial, as one to bentflt merchants of
small means, and to counteract the bad effect of
the present system of cash duties, which gave a
monopoly in trade to large capitalists.
Me-sre. WRIGHT and KING spoke at some
length upon the subject, maintaining that the
warehousing system was one pre-eminently of
finance—especially so, as it nrght have the
tendency to withhold from the treasury, for the
present, some portions of the levenoe wnteh were
indispensably necessary to carry on the operations
of Government They .n^ued, that, mi far as the
system wcnteilhef to incicase ordirnuu-.h the pres-
ent amount of revenues, it wa< a question of
finance; and that it would have the effect to di-
minish them, it was very probab'e. They, therefore,
thought there could te no doubt as to the propriety
of referring the memorsl to the Committee c-u
Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS made some remarks in favor rf
the reference of tne memo,iai t.; the Committee r>n
Commerce, telieviez that it wis a question uf
commercial regnlnioi! merely.
Mr. WRIGHT demanded ihe yeas and nays mi
ibe question of reference to the Committee on Fi-
imccc, which were ordered; and the question being
pur, it was decided tn the negative—yeas 17, cays
27.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the memo- •
rial was then reieried to the Committee on Com-
merce. V
NAVAL NOMINATIONS-
Mr BAYARD gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, move the Senate to go into the consider-
ation of executive business, with a view to make
disposition of the naval nominations,
i, Mr. ICING presented a memorial from Thomas
Eastern, stating that he had an admirable inven-
tion to prevent the explosion of steam-boilers, and
praying that Congress would "authorize seme mode
by which to ascertain which, of all the inventions
for that object, was the best: referred to the Com-
mittee cn Naval Affairs.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. LINN moved that the Senate proceed to
the unfinished business of yesterday; which was
agreed lo.
The bill providing for the occupation and settle-
ment of the Territory of Oregon was then taken
up.
Tne CHAIR stated that the question pending
was on concurring with the amendments made m
committee of the whole.
Mr LINN moved to amend the bill in the 231
line, by inserting a provision saving to the gran-
tees of land all claim to it till patented; and prohib-
iting liens, transfers, &e., (as wilt be seen in the
amended bill below.)
'I his amendment was adopted.
Mr. BATES suggested a verbal amendment,
which Mr. LINN accepted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought the bill might be
freed from some ground of objection, by stm,ng
out the third section, which related to the appoint-
ment of two additional judges for the Territory
of Iowa to attend to the businebs ot the Oregon
Territory, in which there was, as yet, scarcely &ny
population. It would bs time enough hereafter,
when sealers were numerous enough to require it,
to legislate for the occasion. *
Mr. LINN expianed that in 1839 memorials
fiora Massachusetts showed that 3,000 emigrants
from lhat place would probably proceed to the
Oregon Territory, if assured that they would there
er/joy the proteclion of the laws of the United
States. But ihey would not go, unless this assurance
was given. He would suggest that, for the present,
probably one judge would be enough to provide
for. It should also be recollected that it was dis-
cretionary with ihe President to make the appoint-
ment, which he would not do till called /or.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was satisfied that one jtid^c
should be allowed.
The amendment was so made.
Mr. TAPPAN objected to the indefinite power
given to the President to make miliary posts from
Arkansas and Missouri to the mouth of theColum.-
bia river.
This point was discussed by Messrs. LINN,
TAPPAN, and BENTON; and, at the suggestion
oi the latter, an amendment was adopted, limiting
the military posts to stockades and block-houses,
not exceeding five m number.
Mr. TAPPAN made anoiher objection; but it
was removed by an explanation from Mr. FUL-
TON, poiating out a provision in the bill on the
subject.
The amendment were all concuricd ix,\ and the
bill was ordered (o be engrossed for a third reading,
as amended, as follows;
A bill to authorize the adoption of measures for the occupation
and settlement of the Territory of Oregon, for extending cer-
tain portions ot the laws of the United States over the &amo,
ond for other purposes.
fin it mulcted by (he Senate and House of Jlepr tsenfa-
li via of the United Plate's ofAnn,i ica inCungress assr/iib/td,
That the President ofthc United Statesis hereby authonzed and
requited to cause to be erected, at suitable places anddieuim,es,
a. line of stockade and hlockhouse loius, not exceeding' live in
number, hom some point on the Missouri and Arkansas riv-
ers into the best pass for entering the valley of the Oregon;
,-nJ. also, dt ur near the mouth of the Columbia nvei.
That provision hereafter shall be made by law to secure
an i grant six hundred and forty acies, or one section of land,
to every white male inhabitant of the Territory of Oregon, of
the age of eighteen years and upward, who shall cultivate and
usvi the same for five consecutive years; or to his hen or hens-
at-lav1*, il such there be, m case of his decease. And to every
such inhabitant 01 cultivator (beinga married man) theie shall
be granted, in addition, one hundred and sixty acres to the wife
of said husband, and the like quantity of one hundred and six-
ty acres to the father for each child under the age of eighteen
years he may have, or which may be born within the five years
aforesaid.
That no sale, alienation, or contract of any kind, shall be
valid, of auch lands, before the patent is issued therefor; nor
shall the same be liable to be taken m execution, or bound by
any judgment, mortgage, or hen, of any kind, before the patent
is so issued; and all pretended alienations or contracts for
alienating such lands, made before the issuing of the patents,
shall be null and void against the settler himself, his wife, or
widow, or against his heirs at-iaw, or against purchasers, after
the issuing of the patent. <
That the President is hereby authorized ana required to ap-
point two additional Indian agents, with a salary of two tlwu-
sand dollars each, whose duty & shall be (under his direction
and control; to superintend the interests of the United States
with any or every Indian tribe west of any agency now estab-
lished by law.
That the sum of one hundred thousand dollars he appiopria-
ted, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted, to carry into effect the provisions of this act.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That the civil and crimi-
nal jurisdiction of thesupreme couit and distiict courts of the
Territory of Iowa, be, and the psme is hereby, extended over
that pait of the Indian teiritories lying west of the present lim-
its ofthe said Territory ot Iowa, and south of the forty-ninth
degree of north latitude, and west of the Rocky mountains,
and north of the boundary line between the United States
and the Republic of Texas, not included withm the limits
of any State; and also, over the Indian territories comprising
the Rocky mountains and the country between them and the
Pacific ocean, south of fifty-four degrees and forty minutes of
north latitude, and north of the forty-second degree of north
latitude; and justices of the peace may be appointed for the
said territory, in the Fame manner and with the same powers
as now provided by law in relation to the Territory of Iowa:
Provided, That any subject of the Government of Great Brit-
ain, who shall have been arrested under the provisions of this
act for any crime alleged to have been committed within the
territory westward oi the Stony or Rocky mountains, while the
same remains free and open to the vessels, citizens,-and subjects
of the United States and ot Great Britain, pursuant to stipula-
tions between the two powers, shall be delivered up, on proof
of his being such British subject, to the nearest or most con-
venient authorities having cognizance of such offence by the
laws of Great Bmam, for the purpose of being prosecuted and
tried according to such laws.
Sec 3. Andbe it fwither enacted, That one associate judge
of the supreme couit of the Teiritoiyof Iowa, in addition to
the number now authorized by law, may, in the discretion of
the President, be appointed, to hold hi& office by the same tenure
and for the same time, receive the same compensation, and
possess all the poweis and authority conferred by law upon
the associate judges of the said Territory; and one judicial dis-
trict shall be organized by the said supreme court, m addition
to the existing number, in reference to the juiisdiction con-
ferred by this act; and a district court shall be held m the
s<tid distnet by the judge of the supreme court, at such times
and places *a«! the said court shall direct; and the said district
couit shall possess all the powers and authority vested in the
present district courts of the said Territory, and may, in like
manner, appoint its own clerk.
Sec 4. And be it fuithtr enacted, That any justice of the
peace, appointed in and for the territories described in the sec-
ond section of this act, shall have power to cause all offenders
against the laws of the United States to be arrested by such per-
sons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and to commit
such offenders to safe custody for trial, in the same cases and
in the manner provided by law in relation to the Territory of
Iowa; and to cause the offenders so committed to be conveyed
to the place appointed for the holding of a district court for the
said Territory of Iowa, nearest and most convenient to the place
of such commitment, thereto be detained for tiial, by such
persons as shall be authonzed (or thatpuipose by any judge
of the supreme court, or any justice of the peacc of the said
Territory; or where such offenders are Biitish subjects, to cause
them to be delivered to the nearest or most convenient British
authorities, as heiembofore provided; and the expenses of such
commitment, removal, and detention, shall be paid in the same
manner a<? provided^y law m respcct to the lees of the marshal
of the said Territory.
Senate bill No. 31, settling the value of foreign
coins of gold and silver circulating in the United
Stales, was taken up as in committee of the whole,
and read.
Mr. BENTON made a few remarks in oppesi-
tion to any action being taken on this bill at the
present session. He was but imperfectly heard in
the reporter's gallery, but was understood to te
opposed to the bill altogether. He read from
Childs & Co.'s Price Current, Philadelphia, the fol-
lowing comment on this identical bill, which was
reported to the Senate at the last session:
NEW GOLD AND SILVER BILL.
A bill of incalculable importance to the currency of the Uni-
ted States has been reported by the Senate Financc Committee;
providing—
Sec. 1. Gold, of British coinage, of 915J lOOOths fineness,
[22carat&,l shall be a legal tender at 94 6-lOths c.ts. per dwt.;
French, ot" 899-lOOOths fineness, [21 carats 2 4 IGths grs.,] at
92 9 lOths cts. per dwt.
Sec 2 Spanish pillar dollars, and dollars of Mexico, Peru,
and Bolivia, of 697-1000ths fineness and 415 gis. weight, shall
be received at 100 cents: and five-franc pieces ©f France at 93
cents.
Sec. 3 provides for assays at the mint.
Sec 4 repeal* all former ac!s making foreign coins cuirent,
By the act of 18J4, foieign gold coins arereceived at—
English, Brazilian, and Portuguese, 22 carats fine, 91 8 10 cts,
French,'21 car. 2 4-1 (Mis grams, fine, 93 1 10 cis.
Spanish, Mexican, and Colombian,20 carats, 1 7*l6th grainy
fine, 89 9 10 cts
Other gold coins are received at the mint assay, and silver
coins generally by tale.
We have included in brackets the carat for comparison,
though it is found at the United States mint that English coin
yields but 915^ pure gold in 1,000 parts, instead of 916J, the
legal standard of 22 carats.
Before the act of 1834, gold, because of its reduced value
