CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1843.
Volume 12"-No. 8,
Continued frotii No. 7.
here, sought a foreign market; and scarcely a single coin was
seen in aur cuirency. Since that time, it has constantly form-
ed a part of our circulating medium, without driving silver
away. This proves that they are equalized in intrinsic value
by that standard.
. The effect of the remodelled standard is apparent. Itbanishes
utterly all but French and British gold, and renders them less
current, by reducing their value. American eagles and shaiea
form but a small proportion of the gold circulation, and are
quite inadequate to this end. Gold must, therefore, be excluded
from its place, as silver is too cumbrous for the offices of gold
denominations.
But this bill looks farther, and excludes foreign silver; for it
admits only dollars and five-franc pieces, dimmibhmg the value
of Spanish dollais.
The English and French gold coinage always falls "below the
lawful standards—by design, it is said, at their mints; and itTs
found that the valuation of 1834 does not admit of recoinage
here, without loss There is good reason, then, for equal-
izing according to fineness; but wc object toany attempt dtex-
clusion.
. The whole object of the bill, if wejudge by the effect, is to
diminish the specie of the cuuntiy; for our own coinage, with a
constant foreign drain, or without it, is yet insufficient for our
wants. The deficiency must be supplied with paper money,
"fhe wisdom of experience counsels no such change; and we
leave it to her lessons to plead, trumpet tongued, against any
measure designed tomciease promises without fulfilment.
Mr. B. desired, if it was the intention of the
chairman of the Finance Commit'ee to press the
bill through at this session, to have some time to
examine the subject.
Mr. EVANS bad no objection to accommodate
the Senator from Missouri by a postponement of
the subject for the picsent, but would certainly call
up the bill at an eaily day, as lie understood from
the directors ot the mints that it was necessary the
bill should be passed, in order 10 placc foreign gold
and silver coins at a fair relative value with our
own. He mentioned several communications he
had had on the subject, pointing out the necessity
of this measure. He also alluded to the concur-
rent opinions of Mr. Gallatin and Mr. Appleton,
in pamphlets published by them on the subject of
the currency, both in favor of this measure.
' Mr. BENTON pointed out thi effect it would
have of driving out foreign specie, and encoura-
ging, as a substitute", paper promises to pay. He
asked but a day's delay, to produce evidence
which he intended to bring lor ward on the' sub-
ject.
Mr. EVANS said the bill might be laid over for
one week.
Mr. BENTON observed that he would be ready
to-morrow morning to produce the evidence he al-
luded to.
The bill was then laid on the table for the pres-
ent.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM AGAIN.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that he wished to
make a motion. The Jatter portion of the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury relates to
the warehousing system, to which were appended
several documents on that subject, and, among
them, was the very identical memorial which had
been a few moments uko refenvu to the Committee
on Commerce. He believe! that all that portion
of the report of ihe Secretary (including this docu-
ment) was referred to tl>e Committee 011 Finance,
as a financial question purely. Bin now, as the
Senate had deliberately decided that it was not a
question of finance, it wuuld le necessary to dis-
charge the Finance Committee iiom the fuither
consideration cf the subject, and to commit it to the
Committee on Commerce. lie made that motion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was not aware that the
report of the Secretary on the rubjcct had been
reierred to the Finance Committee. He wished
the general subject to go to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The Committee on Finance was accordingly dis.
charged from the subject, and it was lefetred to the
Committee on Commerce,
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy was
then considered as in committee of the whole, re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a thud reading.
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
The Senate then adjourned.
' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
'WEDNESDiT, January 4, 1843.
Mr. BEESON presented the petition and docu-
ments of Mrs. Drusilla Gieseg, widow of Valen-
tine Gieseg, late superintendent of the Cumberland
road, praying to be refunded the amount of a judg-
ment recovered in the court of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, against the estate of the said super-
intendent, for work done on the Cumberland road:
referred to the Committee of Claim's.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin presented a petition,
numerously signed by inhabitants of the town
of Mtlwaukie, m the Territory of Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for a harbor at
that town.
Also, a petition from citizens of Brown
county, in the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation cf the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill, making appropriations
for the support of the army and military academy,
and for armories and arsenals, for the half calen-
dar year ending 30th June, 1843, and for the fiscal
year, commencing 1st July, 1843, and ending 30 h
June, 1844. The bill was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
COMPENSATION OF DECEASED MEM-
BERS.
Mr. J. T. MASON submitted a resolution, direct-
ing the Sergeant-at-arms to pay the widow of the
Hon. J. W. Williams, deceased, his mileage and
per diem to the 21 day.of January, 1843, being
the day of election of his successor. [Cries of
"no, no, no."] There could be no question that the
executors of the deceased member were entitled
to his mileage, and a portion of his per diem, as
he was on his way to the seat of Government.
After some conversation with, and suggestions
from, various members, Mr. MASON modified his
resolution, so as to direct the Committee on Ac-
counts to inquire into the expediency of making
sach payment.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS objected to the recep-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. HALSTED also objected.
Mr. J. T. MASON moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of receiving his resolution;
which was agreed to, and the resolution was re-
ceived.
Mr. HALSTED moved to amend the resolu-
tion, by substituting "the day of his death" for the
"2d day of January," as the limit of the period for
which the deceased member's per diem should be
paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY said he did not see why the widow
or executors of the late Hon. Richard W. Haber-
sh m, deceased, should not have the same benefit,
and therefoie be moved the insertion of the name
of Mr. Habersham.
Mr. J. T. MASON accepted the amendment.
Mr. BIDLACK said the resolution, as modified
so as to pay the deceased members' mileage and per
diem to the day of their death, coriesponded with
the precrdent in the case of his late colleague, the
Hon. Mr. Dimocl:.
Mr. J. T. MASON, under those circumstances,
again modified his resolution, so as to direct the
Committee on Accounts to allow to the widows of
the honorable J. W. Williams and the honorable
Richard W. Habersham, deceased, lato members
of this House, the usual mileage. —
After a few words from Mr. BLACK, Mr.
BRIGG3, and Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Mr. WISE inquired if either of the deceased
members had started to the seat of Government
Mr. J. T. MASON. Yes; Mr. Williams had.
Mr. WISE. And how far had be travelled?
From three to five miles. • There was not a parti-
cle of service. He (Mr. W.) never had, and never
would, vote for such a resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked if there was any
precedent for taking this money away from the ad-
ministrators, and giving it to the widows? He saw
one encroachment after another in this House, oil
principle; and he saw one allowance after another,
which the law did net sanction. This was part of
the system of making donations to the families of in-
dividual-, which had been introduced into this House.
Now, if they intended to pay their debts, according
to law, to those individuals who started from home,
they would pay tbe mileage and per diem as long
as the member lived, and for tbat he would vote;
but he would not vote for the allowance which the
law did not sanction.
Mr. SAMSON MASON submitted an amend-
ment, so as to direct the Committee on Accounts
to inquire into the expediency of allowing this pay-
ment. He said the House had no information on.
the subject; but he understood that Mr. Habersham
had not even left his residence in Georgia at the
time of his death; and, therefore, the re>olution, in
its original terms, was improper. It directed the
Sergeant-at-arms to pay the usual travelling ex-
penses and per diem; but what were tbe usual trav-
elling fees paid to a member of this House before
he left his residence at all? He was opposed to
the adoption of this resolution as a peremptory
order to the Committee on Accounts to audit the
accounts for the deceased members; but he was
willing that it should go as a resolution direct-
ing an inquiry into the expediency of paying the . ■
mileage and per diem in such cases; and he moved
to amend the resolution accordingly.
The amendment was conenrred in; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER called the committees for re-
ports, and the following were presented:
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee of Claim?,
reported a bill for the relief of Charles Waldron;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
He also reported, from the same committee,
against the petition of Joseph H. Waring.
Mr. COWEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a resolution to discharge the Committee of
Claims from the further consideration of the case
of George C. Johnston, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. The resolution,
was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on,
Military Affairs, reported a bill to establish two ad-
ditional military posts; which was read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. [This bill was understood
to refer to military posts on the Columbia river.]
On the motion of Mr. STANLY, 5,000 extra
copies of the report accompanying that bill were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. H. H. STUART, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
John Randolph Clay, late secretary of the Ameri-
can legation at the court of Vienna; which was
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. MATHIOT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Jacob White; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. BOWNE again submitted the resolution
on this subject, which he offered yesterday, as pub-
lished in the Globe Congressional reports.
Mr. WARREN inquired if there was not al-
ready a bill on the same subject before the House?
The SPEAKER said he had not read the bill,
and was not, therefore, prepared to say what
stiades of difference there were between the two
bills,
