CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ll£
in fact, in the world? Were any other man be-
side John Tyler, no matter how offensive politi-
cally to him, holding that station, he (Mr. B )
would not venture to indulge in such language as
he had heard. Nay, what convinced him the
more, was the fact, that, however members might
speak on the floor, in the heat and impulse of the
moment, yet, when reported accurately in the public
prints, they were ashamed of their declaration,
and could hardly bear to be told that they had
used such language.
IJe did not rise to become the eulogist of the
President. This was neither the time nor the oc-
casion for such a thing; other matters were under
consideration. He had adverted to the subject for
the purpose of calling attention to the importance
of gentlemen confining themselves to the rules, and
of proceeding to the business of the people.
But he would proceed further. The President
had not only been called a low. wretch, an un-
principled creature, a base man, together with
other ignominous epithet?; but we were told—and
he also had it from s-ome of his (Mr. B.'s) political
friends on this floor—that the Administration of
John Tyler was such that no Democrat could ac-
cept an office under it. Some of the leading or-
gans of the Democratic party held the same lan-
guage; and, strange to say, in jiiMtaposition t* a
paragraph declaring that no Democrat could hold
office under John Tyler, would be found another,
declaring that the party could not support his Ad-
ministration because it was surrounded by such
men as Daniel Webster and John C.Spencer!
What would these organs have the President to do?
Dismiss his cabinet? Who would fill their places?
According to the doctrine held out, no Democrat
could hold office under him at all; and the Presi-
dent would, therefore, find himself m a strange
predicament.
He (Mr. B.) yielded to none in his attachment
to the principles of his party; yet, if attach-
ment or non-attachment to men was necessary
to secure the esteem of his fellows, he feared
he should be thrown oveiboard. Whilst this
was apparently a discussion as to whether the
bankrupt law should be repealed, it was in
reality a discussion as to who should be Presi-
dent. WliAt, he asked, did the people care
who was the President? What did the masses
care about the man at the head of affairs, so that
the Government was well administered?
Gentlemen on the Whig side were desirous of
prostrating the Administration at all hazatds.
They contended that the President had violated lus
faith and pledges-. No mailtr what might be its
principles, these gentlemen thought the Adminis-
tration was to be prostrated. They declared to
the Democratic party that they must avow their
adherence or opposition to the Aclmiuistiation—
that silcncc would be constiued into -upporl. This
appeal brought no fear upon him. Whilst he held
the same doctrines he had always professed, he
should, upon all occasions when measures were
presented to him in the capacity of a Representa-
tive of the people, that conformed to the princi-
ples of the Democratic party, not be found want-
ing in his support of this Administration. It would
make no difference in his course, even if the tenant
ot Ashland were seated m the Pre.-idential chair.
Should the measures ol that statesman accord with
his notions of political economy, he would as soon
support them ai if ihey emanated from any of the
chiefs of his own party—Martin Van Buien, or
any one el.-e. But the paily had been told that
it could not rally around th'i Administration, be-
cause Daniel Webster was there—the great .stum-
bling-block. He was amazed at thii-e declara-
tions. For himself, bad as he considered Daniel
Webster, if Mr. W. would renounce ihe errors of
his ways, and come into the Democratic party, he
would be for receiving him into its folds, as thou-
sands of others who had left the old Federal party
before. [Laughter.]
Bad doctrine,say gentlemen. It was his doctrine;
and he, for one, was not disposed to deny it; and
the Democratic party, with which he acted, had
reason to be proud of it. Ay, to be proud of it.
[Laughter.] When great distinguished old Feder-
alists—men noted for their intelligence; and with
talen's of a high order—renounced the error of
their ways, and joined the Democratic party, for
what reason should it be said that the doors are
closed, and there is no admittance for yo. ? He
feared, if that rule had been applied always, he
should have been able to point out gentlemen on
that floor who might have been debarred entrance,
and might not hare occupied the places in
the Democratic party which they now hold. He
might, perhaps, have a little more feeling on this
subject than some other gentlemen, for he was
brought up a Federalist [laughter,] of the old
school, [renewed laughter,] by a father who,
though not an active politician, was too honest to
disown the name; and he owned it to this day, and
despised the shifting and changing of names which
had been so often resorted to. He (Mr. B.) did
not, until he was 24 years of age, enter the politi-
cal arena at all; but when he did, and when he
examined the question for himself, he espoused the
Democratic cause. He repeated, however, that he
was educated a Federalist; and if this stern, in-
flexible course had been adopted, he and others on
that floor might have been shut out—entirely shut
out. [Laughter.]
And if he were once satisfied that Daniel Web-
ster had changed his political creed, and was at
heart a Democrat, he, for one, would be as willing
to receive him, as to receive any other of those dis-
tinguished members of that party who had left it
before. [Laughter.] His (Mr. Bowse's) friends
said they could not take him. He had only to say
that he spoke for himself. He rp-ike plainly his
own individual feelmgt; and neither before the
country, nor elsewhere, did he wish to have his
party responsible for his views on this question.
He did not know (nor did he care) what evidence
Mr. Webster had given of his conversion to De-
mocracy. He did not know that Mr. Webster had
given any. He did not know that Mr. Webster
desired or wished to belong to the Democratic
parly; but he made the remark in answer to the
allegation of a gentleman yesterday, who thought
there was an insuperable barrier between that party
and the Administration and its measures. Now,
so far as the measures of the Administration were
concerned, there were those of which he approved,
and had supported; and, as they came up, he should
a«t as his judgment dictated.
But while he was attempting to reprove Ihe
course which gentlemen had taken in this debate,he
had almost unconsciously fallen into that course him-
self. [Laughter.] He had only intended to call ihe
attention of the House to the strange nature
of this debate, and to make an appeal to the House
to bring it to a close, and to have action upon it.
Did gentlemen suppose the mind of a single mem-
ber could be enlightened by this debate on the
bankrupt bill? Did gentlemen suppo-e that a sin-
gle vote could be changed, if this debate should be
still further tolerated? Or, did gentlemen suppose
that they could escape a direct vote 011 the ques-
tion, or that it could he shuffled off entirely to
another session? Now, he would ask, were not
gentlemen who professed to be in favor of a re-
peal of the bankrupt law willing to come to a test
vote on the direct question? Or was the policy
which he saw suggested some dajs ago, in
a country paper, to be pursued by gentlemen of
the North, who were to oppose repeal, that the
Democrats m Ihe next Congress might have the
credit of repealing 11? Was that to be the policy
pursued respecting a law against which the people
had uncqumcaily pionouneed? H* hoped and
trusted not. Let them have a direct vote on the
question. They well understood that the people
desired to know whether they intended to repeal
the law or not. Some gentlemen had said it was
t" be repealed—that ihe decree had gone forth; but
as day after day passed away, he became more and
more con-vineed that they should get no ac-
tion on this measure. Let but the motion
of his colleague [Mr. Barnard] be carried,
and this bill referred to the Judiciary Committee—
thirty days of the session having gone, and two-
thirds of the session only remaining, with the va-
rious measures before them which crl'ed f"r their
action, and which must be acted upon and xrhat
time should they have, if they protracted this use-
less debate, to actfupon it at a future period? Why,'
if it should go to that committee, it might come
back when other measures required «11 their time;
and then this bill would go precisely, where its ene-
mies wished it to go. He asked the House whether
they might not then take the question, and whether
that debate then might not cease. They heard yes--
terday—and he listened to him with great pleasure
—the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.M. Brown,1
and his colleague, [Mr. Ferris,] who were bolk.
guilty of being so much out of order, as to discuss
the bill itself. [Laughter.] He (Mr. B ) was
pleased, because they dealt with the subject can-'
didly and fairly. They heard their arguments on
this subjec'; they heard the arguments on both sides,
when the bill was passed, and they had heard them,
through the columns of the newspapers; why, then,
delay? He should close with the remark, that he
hoped they would now have action.
Mr. BARNARD was understood to ask the
gentleman from New York, who had said that,
public sentiment called for the repeal of the bank-
rupt law, whether the gentleman who succeeded
him in the representation of his congressional dis-
trict was not an open, avowed advocate of the
bankrupt law?
Mr. BOWNE was understood to reply that he
believed he was; but that was not made a question
in the late election. And further, the gentleman,
alluded to was the only advocate of the bankrupt
law that he had met with in that district.
Mr. MERIWETHER said if the bankrupt law
had *not been made a subject of discussion at the
last election, it showed that there was not much
troHble on that question in that district. He went
oh to state that he was opposed to the repeal of the
bankrupt law; he foresaw that great mischief would
result from the repeal; and he intended to take the
responsibility of voting against it.
He then made some passing remarks on the
speeches of gentlemen who had preceded him in
this debate; and said the observations of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bowne] verified the
distich—
"Long as the lamp holds out to bum,
The vilest sinner may return,"
Pursuing that subject (he said) from the givings
out on that floor, he concluded the corporal's guard
was much laiger than was generally supposed; and
even the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bowne]
might not be very averse to enlist. The Demo-
cratic party had many members who were not
unwilling to go over; and al a meeting of Demo-
crats, held on the 19th of December, 1842, at
Frankfort, in Kentucky, (which was attended by
some of the most distinguished of the Democratic
party of that place,) the following resolution was
adopted:
"liciolucd, Tli.it Daniel Webster and John C. Spencer, thd
linghest luminaries of ihe Whig sky, have, m their transit to
Democracy, formed a halo of glory around its principles.'*
[Roars ol langhter.]
According to Ihe gentleman from New York,
they were willing to take as many as would come.
But he had another curious document which he
wished to read. It was a letter said to have been,
written at the White House—at least, it was pub-
lished in the Union of New York. One gentleman;
had said something about the voracity witlv which
the Whigs struggled for office, or of their "vora-
cious maw;" but it seemed, from this letter, that
ihere was a good deal of trouble among the Demo-
crats about the cffices. He then read a letter front
the Union newspaper, which dolorously depicted
the troubles of (he President, and likened him to a
man walking along a road who was met and
despoiled of hat, coat, waistcoat—yea, and breeches
also. [Roars of laughter.] From this he glanced
at the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Cushiho,] and the offering of the
spoils of party at auciion.
Mr. GUSHING rose, and said the gentleman
from Georgia had repeated a remark which had
bem made several times in that House, and to
which he had desired to reply; but he had not
been so fortunate as to obtain the floor. He now
begged the gentleman from Georgia to put his
fir>ger on a single sentence in his speech which
authorized that imputation. [Laughter, and cries
