116
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of "Ob, 0b, Ob."] He repeated his request, that the
gentleman from Georgia would select from his
speech a single sentence which would justify that
imputation, or a sentence which the gentleman
from Georgia would stand there and declare to the
House was unjust in ..principle, and untrue in
fact.
Mr. MERIWETHER said the gentleman from
Massachusetts was playing the Yankee with him.
He was answering one question by asking another.
Mr. GUSHING said he replied by a denial that
he had said anything like that which was imputed
to him.
Mr. MERIWETHER had asked the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether the Whig party had
bid? And the gentleman asked him to point to that
part of bis speech which said there was an auc-
tion. Perhaps the sale had been postponed. If so,
he would say no more about it, farther than, if it
was, it was not for the sake of encouragement.
But be did not think that it was for want of en-
couragement that the sale ought to have been post-
poned; for they had some glorious bids—not open
ones, to be sure, for it would not do for gentlemen
to bid openly; they must cover up appearances.
But he would ask, what better bid could b® given
than that of the gentleman from Indiana, who
would not bid openly, to be sure; but "Mark you,"
said he, "I won't run against your constitutional
fact."
P5r. CUSHING asked leave to make an expla-
nation. The gentleman from Georgia asked him
if he expected the Whig party to become bidder?;
and, on his asking him what part of his speech au-
thorized such a question, he charged bim wilb
playing the Yankee on him. Now, he would beg
leave to ask the gentleman the same question, in
substance, again; and he expected a serious and
candid answer to it. Would he put his finger on
a single passage of his (Mr. C.'s) speech which he
considered unjust in principle, or untrue in point
of fact. If he did, he (Mr. C ) would bring for-
ward some of the most distinguished men of the
country, from the days of the Revolution down to
the present time, in support of the doctrines there
advanced.
Mr. MERIWETHER said that he had an-
swered the gentleman already, by pointing to the
Whole of his speech. He could not take time to
read it through for the gentleman; but he would
advise him, when be went to his room, to take it
up and review it again. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,J in endeavoring to explain it
away the other day, showed that, in bis opinion, it
required some explanation.
But when he was interrupted, he was going to
show that there was trouble in the Democratic
camp, and that there was somebody at the White
House, or connected with it, who would have a
word to say when the proper time came, as inti-
mated by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Here was a leiter„from which he would take the
liberty of reading a few extracts, written from
somebody at the W bite House, and published in
one of the New York papers. [Mr. M. here read
some extracts from the letter he referred to, stating,
in substance, that "Mr. Calhoun was here, and that
the wntfer never saw him look so well; that he
seemed uneasy about going into a national con-
vention, for fear that Mr. Van Buren, who was
more dexterous with the cups and balls, might cheat
him out of the nomination."] Now, (said Mr, M..)
here is an intimation that there is some difficulty;
but he would read further on, to see if there
 ai not some intimation of what the gentleman
from Massachusetts threw out in the course of his
speech. Mr. M. read as follows:
"If a storm 18 brewing between the Whigs and the Calhoun
men, the Administration has only to remain tranquil; ami if
the people will only unhorse the leaders, no man would be so
strong na John Tyler."
All this, Mr. M. said, went to establish the ps-
sertion of the gentleman from Massachusetts—that
Mr. Tyler was creating a division m the Demo-
ciatic ranks, in his own favor. We have hsard
(said Mr. M.) the confessions of the North wing
of the party; but we have heard nothing, as yet,
from the Southern wing. He, trusted that, before
(his debate closed, they should hear the confessions
of that wing also. All these divisions in the Dem-
ocratic party certainly showed some signs of their
defeat. Why did thsy keep so many candidates in
the field? Why did they not bring out their man,
and advocate his pretensions to the Presidency? It
was said that they were waiting for a national con-
vention to reconcile their differences about men,
and concentrate the opinions of the party on some
particular candidate. He would not venture upon
a prophecy; but there was one thing he should not
be surprised at—and that was, that, when the con-
vention should be held, they should nominate Dan-
iel Webster for the Presidency, and John C. Spen-
cer for the Vice Presidency—who, according to the
Kentucky resolutions, which he had just read, had
cast a halo of glory around the principles of De-
mocracy.
As he remarked when he set out, he voted for
the bankrupt bill, and voted for its repeal; but he
should now vote against the repeal. Numbers
had taken the benefit of the bankrupt act, who had
been driven to it because thsir debtors first availed
themselves of it, and in this way drove them to
bankruptcy. It would be cruel and unjust, there-
fore, to deprive them of the benefits of the act, af-
ter they had been ruined by its operation. He
should, therefore, vote against the repeal on these
grounds, if there were no others to sustain it. Mr.
M., in conclusion, contended that the act did not
in its operations violate existing contracts, and
was not an ex post facto law in the meaning of the
Constitution.
Mr. PICKENS desired to detain the House but
a few moments in relation to this subject. He
was aware that it had been sufficiently discussed,
and he would be pleased to see an early action
upon it. Were he to legislate according to the
feelings of his heart, and the sympathies of his na-
ture, be would not deny to those unfortunates who
seek for the benefits of this law the relief that it
would give them. The gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Dawson,] the only Democrat who voted for
this law, said the other day all that could be said
in its favor. He confessed (Mr. P. said) that all
the sympathies of his nature were deeply roused
by the gentleman's warm-bearted and feeling ad-
dress; but he did not stand here to legislate accord-
ing to his feelings, nor to give relief to a particular
class, at the expense of the Constitution of his
country. He did not mean to say that a bankrupt
law could not be framed in accordance with the
Constitution; and this brought him to the remark
of the gentleman from Georgia on this part of the
subject. The gentleman asked why this law
should now be repealed, since the Constitution
gave to Corigiess the express power to pass a bank-
rupt law. He agreed with the gentleman that the
power was given in the Constitution, but he al-
ways considered it as the most dangerous one that
could be exercised. That, and the clause giving
the power to regulate commerce, were the most
dangerous and uncertain powers in the Constitu-
tion—powers of which he always thought that Con-
gress should be exceedingly cautious, and .strict in
their construction when exercising them. When the
framers of the Constitution inserted the provision in
it in relation to bankruptcy, they must have had in
view its meaning as it was thm understood
from English law and English decisions. All
know the statute of Henry VIII, and how
extremely limited it was in its provisions. It
was intended to apply to swindlers, and dishonest
traders only who become bankrupt, and to make
(hem place their assets at the disposal of their
creditors. That law was the foundation of all the
English laws on the subject made since that time;
and there was some doubt whether they had not
done more harm than good. If, then, there were
just grounds for complaint against the system
in a country of limited extent like England,
with a contolidated Government, how much more
likely would it be to operate injuriously in a c un-
try like ours, of diversity of interests and pursuits,
and of twenty-six independent sovereignties?
Mr. P., after some further remarks, went on to
argue against the principle of voluntary bankrupt-
cy in the present law. He knew that it had been
said that there was but h'tle difference between an
insolvent law and a bankrupt law, and the opinion
ol the Attorney General had been given in support
of this assumption; but Mr. P- contended that there
was a broad distinction between them. The in-
solvent law was intended for the benefit of the
debtor; while the bankrupt law was intended for
the benefit of the creditor, and to provide that the
assets of his debtor should be paid over for his use.
Now, when a bankrupt law contained within it the
voluntary principle of bankruptcy, allowing the
debtor at his option to relieve himself from his ob-
ligations to his creditors, it was nothing but an in-
solvent law, and, therefore, entirely out of the
meaning of the clause in the Constitution referred
to. He would, therefore, make the act, if he
passed one at all, in strict conformity with the
meaning of bankruptcy, as it was understood at the
time the provison on the subject was inserted
in the Constitution: the meaning of bankruptcy,
as laid down in Blackstone, was precisely the
one that he would be goverend by. He
thought that the present law was uncon-
stitutional;becaUse it clearly interfered with existing
contracts, and clearly an cx post facto law; and he
held that gentlemen who supported it were bound
to argue that Congress had a right to interfere with
contracts, and make an ex post faclo law. In fact,
a gentleman at the last session did take such
grounds; and what was his argument? Why, that
Congress could interfere with contracts, because
the power was prohibited to the States. This was
a perfect solecism, and an argument he never ex-
pected to have heard. He had thought that this
was a Government of limited powers, and confined
within the provisions of a written Constitution.
But, if such doctrines prevailed, it would sweep
within the powers of the Federal Government all
the contracts within the country, all the relations
between debtor and creditor, and nearly all the
transactions of private life. Were gentlemen
awaie of the tremendous powers they claimed for
the Federal Government, by adopting such an ar-
gument as this? Credit and confidence between
man and man would be broken up. No man
would trust his neighbor; and all business would
be destroyed, if it should be decided that the Fed-
eral Government could step in and interfere with
contracts, releasing the debtor from the obligations
he had entered into, and thereby depriving the
creditor of a portion of his property. If gentlemen
took it on this ground, they were compelled to take
the argument that this Government can interfere
with contracts, and pass ex post faclo laws. It
was a power that would shake the very foundations
of civilized society; and, of course, it was not granted
to this Government by the framers of the Constitu-
tion. It was on this ground principally that he was
in favor of a repeal of the law. It had been argued
that it should be retained, because all the harm
that could be done under it had been done already,
and that there were numbers who, having been
driven into bankruptcy by it, were now, in justice,
entitled to its benefits. Much had been said to ex-
cite the commiseration of the House for this class
of unfortunate persons. Though he loved the at-
tribute of mercy, he was still bound to do justice.
He would not do evil that good might follow. He
was for doing equal and exact justice to all, and
would not, for the sake of indulging in the kindly
feelings of his nature, trample on the Constitution
of his country. Mr. P. next went into aa argu-
ment against the proposition of the gentleman from
New York, to include banks and other corpora-
tions in the provisions of the bankrupt law. He
asked if the gentleman had reflected on the alarm-
ing consequences that would follow the successful
termination of his motion. What, he asked, would
be left to the States, if this proposition should be
carried into effect? Their churches, their railroads,
their school corporations, and private chartered
companies of every description, would be swept
away. He wa> as much opposed to banks as any
gentleman on that floor, and had assailed
them with all the energies of which he was
capable, when other gentlemen, who were now
so ready to attack them, quailed under their
power. He was utterly and irreconcilably op-
posed to them; but he would not, for the sake of
getting at them, sweep away that noble instrument,
on which our liberties rest. Look at Alabama,
