1£0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. RIVES said he certainly did not feel it to
be at #11 necessary to follow the Senator from Mis-
sissippi in his very extraordinary reargument. The
oaly thing they had anything to do with was the
question, For what purpose was the map produced
by the Senator from Missouri1! It would be recol-
lected that this was the gist of the whole matter.
And, until he heard the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio, (.Mr. Tappan,] he had supposed that
the whole Senate agreed with him in the opinion
that it was for the purpose of contradicting and in-
validating the map already in the possession of the
Senate. It appeared, however, according to the
statement now made by the Senator from Mis-
souri, that it had been produced by him, not
for the purpose of contradicting and invalidating
the other, but for the purpose of showing that the
map was no secret; that it had been produced long
before; that there had been no new discovery.
What was it. the Senator from Mississippi said was
bis impression as to the object of the Senator from
Missouri in producing the map? Did he not say,
as was said by him, (Mr. Rives,) yesterday, that
its production was not to prove there was no secret
in the matter, but to invalidate and rebut the au-
thority of the one produced as the map of Doctor
Franklin. He (Mr. Rives) was far from saying
that he might not have been led into error, as well
as other members of that body; but he certainly
thought he might claim, at the hands of the Sen-
ate, the acknowledgment, in his justification, that,
if he had been led into error, it was an error com-
mon to almost the whole of the body.
The complaint of the Senator from Missouri
seemed to be, that he (Mr. Rives) had stated the
production of the map by the Senator to have been
for the purpose of invalidating, falsifying, and
contradicting the other. This was the whole ques-
tion. And, though he (Mr. R.) would, when the
honorable Senator from Missouri assured them that
such was not his object, be very unwilling to as-
sert the contrary; yet he felt it due to himself, and
to the Senate, to say that such was his impression,
and, he believed, the impression of a large majori-
ty of the Senate.
The Senator from Missouri now said that his ob-
ject was not to falsify and invalidate the map of
Or. Franklin. But what did the Senator from
Mississippi say? He said the object of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, according to his impression,
-was to rebut and falsify the map of Dr. Franklin.
He (Mr. R.) felt it was due to himself to en-
ter a little into these circumstances, to show how
natural it was for him and other Senators to enter-
tain the impression which he did. Why should so
much stress have been laid on the map coming
from Mr. Jefferson's collection? Why the remark
of the Senator, underrating the red line—that any
little school miss might have traced it? Why the
insinuation that the microscopic-dotted line was
the true boundary, and not the broad red one?
Surely he coald not have mistaken the obj-ct of
the honorable Senator. He had been assured by
several Senators that they had a distinct recollec-
tion of the circumstances, and that they agreed
with him in the opinion he had expressed; and
when, therefore, be found himself arraigned upon
that floor for making a statement not justified by
the occurrence, he felt he had a right to stand apon
his justHcation, and to say, that if there bad been a
mistake, it was not his fault, bur was owtn , per-
haps, to the precipitate manner in which the whole
matter had gone on. All he had to say wa*, r
there had been a misapprehension, it was a rmsap-
prehe:i>ioo that was natural, under the circum-
stances. Tbe Senator from Missouri was srenpr-
ally very distinct in stating his views and opinions
upon any subject; and he (Mr. R.) was the
more confirmed in the opinion that be could rot
have been mistaken on this occasion, from the cir-
cumstance that several Ssnatois had collected
aboui him to examine the two maps; and 'bey bad
all pronounced that, instead of the cue being a
contradiction of the other, it was pr. c:;ely the con-
trary.
Mr. BENTON observed that he was not to be
dragged away from the question of fact by Dny
issue as to opinions or inferences. He would ad-
here to the simple question of fact. Yesterday he
had confined himself to the statement made by the
Senatur in his printed speech. He would do s®
now. He should not be driven from that by any
diversion of the question to opinions. He would
again read the Senator's own words. They were
in his printed speech:
"The Senator who produced it'the mapl could see nothing
but the microscopic dotted line lunning off in a northeasterly
direction; but the moment other eyes were applied to it, ther,;
was found, in bold relief, a strong red line, indicating the limits
of the United Slates according to the treaty o! peace, and coin-
ciding, minutely and exactly, with the boundary traced on the
map of Mr. Sparks."
Now the point he made yesterday, and to which
he would confine himself to-day, was, that the
fact was not as fUted in the passage just. read.
He asserted that the fact was not so, in th3
presence of lerty-eight Senators. In the pres-
ence of these forty-eight. Senators, his statement
was, that the facts were not as represented m
those words: that li3 could sec something else
bevides the "oicro«copic dotted line;" that he did
see something else—that he saw the broad "strong
red line" before any other Senator saw it on that
occasion, and that it did not require "other eyes"
to be "applied" to the map to discover that broad
"strong red line," to have it made known to the
Senate that it was in existence. What he asserted
was, that there was no necessity for "other eyes"
to make that discovery; for the moment the subject
of Mr. Sparks's secret was divulged, he (Mr.
Benton) proclaimed aloud that "here was the very-
same red line." Here,-then, was the question of
fact. It lay betwesn the assertion of the printed
speech he had quoted, and his own assertion
now and yesterday in the face of the whole
Senate; and that assertion was, that he did see
something else besides the microscopic dotted
line—that, instead of anything like concealing or
not knowing of the broad "strong red line," he
proclaimed it aloud; and that his proclamation of
it was the first announcement to the Senate of the
line on this map corresponding with the line al-
luded to by Mr. Sparks. The first intimation to
the Senate of the existence of that line on this map
'was made by him to the Senate—and that loudly,
ro that every one could hear it. The fuvd inti-
mation did not come from any other person. He
bad stated this yesterday. The Senator from Vir-
ginia did not then reply to this assertion. He tock
twenty-four hours to con>i ler the matter, nnd now
he came forward with opinions and inferences to
answer facts. Hts (Mr. B.'s) assertions were of
facts, and nothing but facts. He was met with
nothing but assertions of opinion and inferences.
Mi. HIVES said the controversy between him
and the Senator from Missouri was, as the Senator
stated, as to a question of fact; and he did not
mean, any more than the Senator, that the atten-
tion of the Senate should be diverted from what
was the true and material question of fact
between them, by an;.- special pleading. That
question was—tor what purpose did the Senator
from Missouri produce the map from Mr. Jeffer-
son's collection, in executive session? Ho says it
to prove thit Mr. Sparks's map was no secret,
by pioducins; a mapfiom Mr. Jefferson's collection
coriespondir.g w,th it. O.i the con'iary, T as-
serted, as I believed, that the S;nator produced
the map from Mr. Jefferson's collection to con-
tradict and falsity Mr. Sparks's rasp, by ox-
hibi'tng one of sapeuor authenticity, which h° sup-
posed to cot-flict vvi'h i1; but which, when exrmin-
ed, turned out to sus'atn it by a most remarkable
c'lincidesc". Having always supposed tiut thr.
was the real object ot the Senator trom Wtn-ou i,
in the production of the map from Mr. Jefferfon's
collection, in wnich he had signally faded in the
view of the whole Senate at the time, 1 feU and
expressed greai surprise, as mentioned by the Sen-
at.r frora Mississippi, ['VJr. Walker,] that, in the
printed speech of the Senator from Missouri, a dif-
ferent urn had been given to the affair; and it
there seemed as if the soie object of the Senator,
in producing die map from Mr. Jefferson'-; collec-
tion, was to show that Mr. Sparks'* map was no
secret, and that one exactly like it had long exist-
ed in the public. Library of Congress! Nou?, sir.
this was all new to me, and I supposed it to be to
to the Senate, This, then, is the oaly material
point at issue. The Senator from Missouri, how-
ever, chooses to take out a solitary sentence from
my speech, separating it entirely from the context,
and insists upon reading, in a literal sense, a figur-
ative expression relative to a subordinate and im-
material circumstance. I will recite the whole
paragraph, as it stands in the speech, to the
Senate:
''A map has been vauntingly paraded here, from Mr. Jeffer-
son's collection, in the zeal ot opposition, (without taking time
to see what it was,) to confront and invalidate the map found
by Mr. Sparks in the Foreign Office at Pans; but, the moment
it is examined, it h found to sustain, by the most precise and
remarkable correspondence in every feature, the map commu-
nicated by Mr. Sparks. The Senator who produced it, could
see nothing but the microscopic dotted line 1 turning off in a north-
easterly dire, tion; but the moment other eyes were applied to
it, there was found, in bold relief, a strong red tine, indicating
the limits of the United states accoiding to the treaty of peace,
and coinciding minutely and exactly, with the boundary traced
on the map of Mr. Sparks. That this red line, and not the
hardly visible doited line, was intended to represent the limits ot
the United flutes according to the treaty of peace, isconctusive-
)y shown by the circumstance, that the red line is diawn on the
map alt around the exterior boundary of the UnicedStates;--
ihroueh the middle of the Northern Lakes, thence through the
Long Lake and the Rainy Lake to the Lake of the Woods; and
from the western extremity of the Lake of the Woods to the
river Mississippi: and along that river to the point where the
boundary of the tinned States, af< udicg to the treaty of peace,
leaves it; anil thencp, by its easterly course, te the rnoirh of the
St. Mary's, on the Atlantic."
Now, sir, what n th: plain gist and substance
of this patarrap!:? Why, that the Senator had,
in the zeal of opro^'ion at the moment, produced
jhe map from Mr. Jefferson's collection, to "con-
front and invalidae" Mr. Spaiks's map, which,
however, upon examination, sustained it by a
most remarkable and striking coincidence: that
the Senator disregarded the sirong red line, and
fixed upon a microscopic dotted Ime, running off
in a nor-heasterly direction, as intended to repre-
sent the true boundary; but that, in fact, the red
line, and not the microscopic dotted line, was in-
tended by the constructor of the map to represent
the limits of the United S'ates, according to
the treaty of peace; and this I proceeded to
show, by the face of the map itself. The
Senator contends that he did see the red
line, and announced it to the Senate while I
was upon the floor in the midst of my speech.
Now, I have only to say, that, if he did so, I did
not hear it; and it is not remarkable, under the cir-
cumstanc«s, that I did not. But, sir, did not the
Senator do all he could to discredit, to hold for
naught—in effect to obliterate, to expunge the red
line as the boundary intended by the constructor of
the map? Why did the Senator speak of it as a
colored demarcation, which any school miss might
have made? Did not the Senator from Missouri
earnestly insist that the "microscopic dotted line,"
and not the red line, was intended to represent the
true boundarj? And upon this point, I would ap-
peal distinctly to the recollection of the Senator
from Mississippi. [Mr. Walker, from his seat,
said he did.]
In regard to '.he materia] fact of the purpose for
wh.ch the Seuaior from Missouri produced the
nipp from Mr. JtflVrson's collodion, 1 undersand
the Sat.a'or from Mi-, issinpi [Mr. Walker] to
htve already stated the concufience cfhis recollec-
tion with ray tn'ti, to wi': that the msp was pro-
duced to rebut and fai-ify Mr. Sparks'.- map, and
not to prove that Mr. Sparks's map was no secret.
The Scna'er frost South Caroliris, [.Mr. Calhoun,]
who took a ti'siingu'shed y.v£ in the proceedings
on the tieaty, ?nd who, itt his printed speech, has
referred to ihe s -rns 'nbj -ct, yesterday staled to the
Senate that 5-is tecoliccuon and impression of the
oce.arrer-ce, in regard to every m'erial fact,
concur entire'}" with 'he representation 1 have given
of it. So fa' as has yet app.-ared, tlie Senator
from Ohio [M-. TVpmn] is the only member of
the Senate uhose impression of the transaction
stems to concur throughout with the version the
feEator frora Missouri has given to it. There are
obvious rasons why Senators should not find it
very agreeable to make th.-mselves volunteer par-
ties to a controversy of tins sort. I can only say,
that I have not conveised vsith a single one of
thcra (and I have conversed with many, since the
discussion of yesterday) who does not bear out
my recolicclirn as to every material fact of the
case, going lc demonstrate the object wuh which
tb-* Senator from Missouri produced the map from
