CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
find that, although there might have been trifling
reverses—although it might have happened (as in
the occupation of the Scheldt) an English enterprise
on the continent might have failed—although, as
in the retreat of Corunna, it might have happened
that English arms met with partial reverses,—yet
even there, over the grave of the gallant Sir John
Moore, it was not a defeat—it was a retreat,
lo be sure, of English forces from befoje the
French; but it was a successful retreat. But
in France, in India, in the Netherlands, wherever
the English met the enemy in battle, it was to
triumph. But to this picture of the successes of
English arm?, there was a class of signal excep-
tions. There occurred a crisis when the English
arms were to encounter American arms, as well
on sea as on land; when the Anglo Irish blood—
for gentlemen erred in talking so much of Anglo-
Saxon blood—it was the Anglo-Irish blood—the
mingled stream of Celt, Roman, Saxon, and Nor-
man blood—that changed the picture.
On the coast of the United Stales, on the Atlantic
ocean, when the English ships encountered Amer-
ican ships on equal terms, the lustre of the cross
of St. George "paled its ineffectual fire" before
the stars and stripes of the Union. And on the
land there was, he believed, but one example in
the world, during that period, of an English army
surrendering to another—of the English army,
with its banners ar.d forces, surrendering itself to
a foreign foe—and that was, in the battle of the
Thames, under the command of the sainted
William Henry Harrison. There was another
though—not of the surrender of forces as prison-
ers of war to the enemy; yet a gallant British
army, one of the best appointed that ever sailed
from Europe for America—the conquerors of Sala-
manca and Vittoria—met in the lines at New Or-
leans the militia of Louisiana, and the riflemen of
Tennessee and Kentucky; and were crushed, and
conquered, and slaughtered, in the face of an
American army.
Those were great events in the history of our
own country and of the world; that was a splen-
did era on the pages of our hisitory; and on the
approach of the anniversary of the victory of New
Orleans, he hoped this House would pay a tribute
of respect to the day and to the events; and not
merely to the man who commanded, but to the
men who fought and conquered on that day, and
whose power, and gallantry, and courage were but
concentrated and embodied in him who led them
on that day to victory. It was with these views,
regardless of all the other elements of strife and the
technical objections, that he desired this bill to be
taken up, in order that, if the Senate concurred,
the bill might be passed in anticipation of the 8 h
of January.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS obtained permission to
make a single remark, the purpart of which did
not reach the reporter's desk.
Mr. CUSEIING then moved to amend the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bowne ] by striking out all after the word 'resolved,'
and inserting a substitute which he had provided, to
terminate all debate in Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union on bill No. 503,
entitled "A bill for the relief of General Andiew
Jackson," at 2 o'clock to-morrow, when the com-
mittee should act on all the amendments that might
be proposed and pending. Ami, further, he moved
the previous question, as there was but little time
to be spared ere the termination of the present ses-
sion.
Mr. ARNOLD hoped the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts would not press this resolution under a
£8g law.
Mr. CUSHING said if thi< resolution should
prevail, he rhould move, to-morrow, to go into
Committee of the Whole on that bill.
Some conversation ensued, in wheh Mr. PEN-
DLETON, Mr. CUSHING, Mr. BOI'TS, and the
SPEAKER took part.
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped, wbitever motion
his colleague might make in relation to this reso-
lution, be would not accompany it with a motion
*or the previous one .tinn.
The SPEAKER said the cmtleman [Mr. Gush-
ing] could not accompany bis amendment with
such a motion.
Mr. CUSHING had so understood the Speaker,
and had changed his motion accordingly.
Mr. ADAMS said he did not before know that
his colleague had fallen in love with "the gag;"
nor did he [Mr. Adams] feel inclined to have "the
gaa" on this subject.
He then proceeded to comment on remarks
which had been made in relation to this bill not
being a party measure, and pointed to the debates
and the proceedings in the Senate of the United
States, and in State Legislatures, to show that the
opposite of that assertion was the truth; particu-
larly referring to the prime mover on this subject in
the Legislature of New York, (Maj. Davezac,) who
was neither Anglo-Saxon, Anglo-Irish, nor Anglo-
Scolcb; but a protege of General Jackson of
French origin, who introduced it as a Democratic
measure, and as one of the first fruits of the
Democratic triumph in the State of New York.
He hoped this measure would not be allowed to
pass in this House without a thorough discussion,
even if it did transcend "the glorious 8th of Janu-
ary," which this year, (his colleague bad forgotten
to notice) was a day devoted to the worship and
service of God; and, therefore, it was one on which
this House would not be in session. But God for-
bid that he should say a word in disparagement
of that day, or of the person to be honored and
profited by this donation. If, however, a proposi-
tion was brought before this House to make a pres-
ent to Andrew Jackson of $1000, as proposed by
the bill which had been reported to that House,
with interest on it from the month of March, 1815,
there was but one consideration that would induce
him to vote against it—and that was, he should not
like to set the example of pensioning an ex-Presi-
dent of the United States, for that was the
principle on which this bill was to be passed,
if pa*sed at all. The real object was to make
a present to General Jackson in his latter
days. He did not know what his circumstances
were, [A voice: "Rich enough;"] but if they were
such as to require it, (though he would not grant
it as a pension or a gratuity for that service,) he
would do what had been done before—he would
make up a subscription among the members of
Congress to make a present to the old man in his
last days. It had been done before, and there was
no disgrace in it; and if it were now done, that a
donation might be made to General Andrew Jack-
son, he, for one, would take his share of it.
But he could not consent to employ the public
money, in order to testify the approbation of the
people of this country of those acts for which the
sum of ,000 was levied on him by the regular
oflicers of the law, which he had violated in its
tenderest parts. His colleague had changed en-
tirely the issue upon the question m this bill. It
was not to refund the fine imposed on the General
for his imprisonment of a judge—for his causing
a citizen of the United States to be jeoparded in
his liberty and life, and for other acts subversive
of law and justice; but for glorifying the battle of
New Orleans. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Gwin] had stated a number of facts m the
pamphlet lately published on this subject, which
were contradicted by General Jackson. If a bill
were to pass, giving General Jackson money upon
disputed facts, these facts should be previously
cleared up. But he was speaking of the extraor-
dmaiy circumstances under which thi-. bill could
be brought forward. A bill on the same subject
was acted on in the'Senate at the la-.t session, and,
after being amended so as to comprehend clearly
the facts of the case, it was rejected by Geneial
Jackson's friends, because it did not contain a
condemnation of the judge who imposed tV fine;
and, if he was not mistaken, he had seen a letter
from General Jackson himself, in which hesajs
that he would not have received a dollar unless
the character of the judge was blastod. Such was
the history of that pioceeding at the last session of
Congress. The bill was actually p?ssed, or would
have been passed; but was rejected by the Gener-
al's friends coinciding with him, insisting that not
only his character should be jus'ified, Inn ihe char-
acter of the judge blasted. It was a very grave
and serious question with him, whether the char-
acter of the judge should be censured and condemn-
ed by the Representatives of the people of this
nation, for the purpose of making a donation to
General Jackson. Perhaps he might express himself
more strongly by saying lhatthe bill ought not to pass;
that if we are to give this donation to General
Jackson, it was not by casting reproach upon a
just and honorable judge, that we should do justice
and vindicate the honor and glory of the country.
Again: what were the grounds on which his-col-
league was pressing this bill? Why, the great and
glorious victory of New Orleans. Because we
whipped the British, that nobody else could whip—
because of this great and glorious victory, this bill
must be passed. That was the reason given by
his colleague, and that was the reason why he
wished the bill passed on the anniversary of the
victory. That was not the question of justice in-
volved in this £rant—this donation. The victory of
New Orleans undoubtedly was a great and glorious
one, in which he took a just pride; but he could
not, on account of that victrtfy, sanction the acts
alluded to in the Kentucky pamphlet, and which
were there designated as treason. This reminded
him of an anecdote he had heard many years ago
of General Arnold, a man very celebrated in our-
revolutionary history. After his exploits here,
Arnold went to England; and finding himself gen-
erally shunned there, he sought the society of the
Americans whom he found in that country. Be-
ing in company with one of them whom he had
known in this country, he asked him what the
Americans would have done with him, had they
caught him instead of Andre. The American an-
swered him by saying, "We would have buried
with the honors of war the leg that was mutilated
in our service, and then we would have hung the
remainder of your body." He should think that
this sort of justice would be rather more complete
than that of his colleague, who was for rewarding
General Jackson for the battle of New Orleans, at
the expense of law and justice. He wished to
have this matter fully discussed when it came up,
and deliberated on without any of your gag-laws,
to stop the investigation of the principles involved
in it.
If you pass this bill (said Mr. A.) it will not be
for the honor and glory of the. battle of New Or-
leans, but for the honor and glory of the "exercise
of despotic power over your own citizens; it would
be for the exercise of the extreme of martial law,
when there was no necessity for it. Mr. A. wish-
ed the subject discussed, because of this very
pamphlet, to which their attention had been called
by more than one of the members from Kentucky,
and who stated the author to be a distinguished
judge of high legal attainments, whose opinions
were entitled to respect. In thpt pamphlet, he was
charged with having given an opinion in relation
to the power of a commanding general to declare
martial law, that was utterlj at variance with free-
dom and with the laws of nations; and he wished
to have an opportunity of answerisg that charge.
He wished to have an opportunity to explain and
defend the opinions he had given, and to show
what were his views of the laws of nations in re-
gard to the power of a commanding general to
declare martial law in time of an invasion.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. A. was
cut short in his remarks, when he announced his
intention of pursuing the subject further at the
next opportunity.
Mr. GUSHING then offered a resolution that all
debate on the bill in Committee of the Whole
should cease at two o'clock to-morrow; and that
the said committee should thfn proceed to act and
vote on it, and upon all amendments that might be
pending, and report She same to the House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered an amendment,
that the House should now resolve itself into Com-
mittee of Ihe Whole, for the purpose of taking up
the bill to refund the fine imposed on General
Jackson.
Mr. CUSHING suggested to the gentleman that
Le ecu Id, at any time alter taking the question on
his (Mr. C ,'s) motion, move to go into Committee
of the Who's.
The SPEAKER suggested to ihe gentleman
