124
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Massachusetts that, as the bill had not yet
been discussed in Committee of the Whole, his
resolution was not in order. The gentleman could
move to go into the Committee of the Whole, and
then move to take up the bill, as the majority of
the House could determine the order of business.
The motion to go into Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose of taking up a particular bill,
would require a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. CUSHiNG then withdrew his motion, and
moved that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole. -
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and resulted in deci-
ding the question in the negative—yeas 100, nays
106, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arriogfon, Beeson, Bidlaclc, Black, Bowne,
Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V, liro^n, Milton Brown, Charles
Brown, Burke, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Carn th-
ere, Cary, Casey, Chapman, CUtlord, Clinjprt. Coles, Maik A.
Cooper, Cros«>, Cashing, Daniel, Richard D. Uavin, Dean,
Dban, Doig, Eastman, John c. Edwards, Ferris*, John G Floyd,
Charles Arloyd, Fornance, Geny, Ciimer, William O. ftoode,
Gordon, Graham, Gusnne, Gwm, UaTis, Halting*, Hays,
Henry, Hopkins, Houck-, Houston, llubanj, ilunfer, Ohaile-s J,
Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack, VVilbam '/'oat Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, l,ittlefield, AbiaEuim
McClell^n, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, >Farchand,
Alfred Marshall, Mathews, MediU, Miller, Mitchell, Moore,
Newhard, Parmenter, Patridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer,
Proffit, Read, Renr.her, Jteynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sariford, Saunders, Shaw, Siieppenl, KinelUs, Steenrod, Alex-
ander H II. Stuart, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,
Trotti, Turney, Van JJuren, Wallace, Ward, Watterson, Wei-
ler, Westbrook,and Wise—lUU.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, LandafT W. Andiews. Pheilock J,
Andrews, Arnold, Aycng'G', Babcock, Baker- Barnard. IJirdseye,
Blair, Boardinan, Borden, Bolts, Brings, Brockway, Bronson, J.
Brown, Burnell, Wm. builer, Calhoun, W. 13. Campbell, T. J.
Campbell, Child*, Chittenden, John C Clark, Stalpy jN. (,'iai kc,
James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Gair^tt Davis, Pe-
berry, John Edwards, Eveiett, Fessenden. Fillmore, A. Law-
rence Foster, Gates, Gentry, Gidding*, Goggiiij Cirangn, Gieen,
Halsted, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R. lngcrsoll, .lames fivm,
James, Isaac I). Jones, John P. Kennedy, Kins, Lane, Linn,
McKennan, Thomas F. Marshall, damson Ma^on, Mathior,
Mattocks, Maxwo'l, M.iynaul, Morgan, Morns, Moirow, os-
borne, Owsley, Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Alexander
Randall, lieniamin Randall, Randolph, Ilayner, Ridgway,
Rodney, William Russell, James M. RumcH, FMade, Truman
Smith, Spring, Stanly, Stofcely, ^(raiton. John T. Stuart, sum-
mers, Taliaferro, Richard W, Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland,
Tomlinson, Triplett, Tnunbull, (hidei-wood, Wairon, Wash-
ington, Edward D. Wlnte, Joseph L White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Christopher II. Williams, Joseph I . Williams, Win-
throp, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—100.
Mr. BIDLACK asked leave to present a resolu-
tion; but objection was made.
- THE BANKRUPT ACT.
Mr. EVERETT called Hp the bill to repepl the
bankrupt law, and expressed a hope that it would
be carried through to its passage to day.
Mr. GORDON .vas entitled to the floor. He
said it was quite common—nay, he might say,
fashionable—in these days to define one's position.
An undefined politician was an uncertain thing,
[laughter,] and more like a ghost than anything
human. He did not rise to define hi-, position. A
Democrat of ths Jeffersonian school, djediuthe
wool, needed no such clew to where he stood on the
political chessboard. The pnople always knew
where to find him. He would assist his colleague
[Mr. Bowne] to define his oosition; and, before he
concluded, he should Attempt to define the positions
of some others on the floor, and-of some public
functionaries high in the confidence of this Ad-
ministration.
His collepgue stated: "we were told—and he also
had it from some of his (Mr. B.'s) political
friends on this floor—-.bnt the Admimstrat.on of
John Tyler was such, that no Deiaocrat could ac-
cept an office under i'."
It seemed, then, that h,; colleague had been
talking about acccpting cffice under this Adminis-
tration, [laughter]—had been talking with hi.s po-
litical frier.ds on this iioor about the acceptance of
office from John Tyler. H* should lite to know
if, at the exp'ration of the present Congress, !:e ex-
pected to receive an office? Atii this re in ark was to
be considered rs feelei—fin for.h to rre how
such a thing would :£ke here, and then bow it
would take atson? the people of us county. Again:
his colleague said, "Some of the leading organs!
of the Democratic party held the same language;
and, strange to sav, in ju^lafiiiion to a pi r3f.ra>.h
declaring that no Democrat could held oiiice nnder
John Tyler, would be found another, declaring
that the party could not support bis Adioini:,Na-
tion because it was surrounded by such men as
Daniel Webster and John C. Spencer."
It was, then, very strange to bis colleague that
some of the Democratic organs should declare that
the Democratic party could not support this Ad-
ministration, because it was surrounded by such
men as Webster and Spencer! It was not strange
to bim, (Mr. G?.,) because the great Democratic
party never held such opinions as those avowed
by that man who recently declared in Faneuil
Hall that he had not changed, but was a Massa-
chusetts Whig, a Paneuil Hall Whig, and always
meant to be. Here, then, was Daniel Webster
unrenounced and unrenouncing, adhering to all
the opinions he had ever advocated and avowed.
A large portion of the people suspected Daniel
Webster of holding opinions which sympathized
with British interests. These suspicions were en-
tertained during the last war, when General Jack-
son with bis cannon was thundering at the gates
of New Orleans, and when there were times that
tried men's souls, and tested the energies of this'
Government. Yes, as long ago as 'hese memora-
ble limes, Daniel Webster was suspected to be
British st heart; asd, by his own declaration, he
had renounced none of his sentiments. Mr. Web-
ster was now at the head of this Administration;
and his colleague [Mr. Bownjk] avowed astonish-
ment that certain organs of toe Democratic
party should declare that the Democratic party
could not support this Administration! Since the
return of Mr. Webster from England, the people
had se<m nothing in his ccuise to make them be-
lieve he had changed his opinions.
Here Mr. BOWNE rose, and slated that he de-
sired to make a correction of some of the remarks
of his colleague.
The SPEAKER inquired whether th-3 gentleman
[Mr. Gordon] yielded the floor.
Mr. GOREON. No, sir. [Laughter, uproar,
and confusion.]
Mr. BO WISE, as he tool: his .seat, made a re-
mark which could not be heard above the noise
which prevailed.
Mr. GORDON resumed. As tie was going on
to sav, since Mr. Webster's return from Europe
the Democratic party had seen nothing to give
them reason to believe that he had changed his
opinions ;n any particular. In his course in rela-
tion to the affair of the burning of the Caroline,
the remedial justice bill, the bankrupt law, the ne-
gotiation of the treaty with England—and, indeed,
in all his acts, hs had shown that the declaration
made at Faneuil Hall was true to the letter.
Again: his colleague [Mr. Bowne] said: "He
yielded to none m his attachment to the principles
of his pa;t\; yet, if attachment or non-atnehment
to men was necessary to reonrn tie cs'eem of his
fellows, he feared he should be thrown overboard "
Frora this remark he (Mr. G ) understood that his
colleague* declared to his consiiiuents, that if his
non-attachment to ' !:•. Webster was to be the price
of their esteem, he was willing to be thrown over-
board 1 Such was a fair construction of hi* col-
leosue's larg'iage. Now be would assure, his col-
league, thot should he take Mr. Webster, changed
or unchanged, and show .1 willingness lo be at-
tached to him, his constituents would most assaied-
Iv throw htm overboard, wuh a milMone around
his neck, that would sink him eternally; snd the
Democracy of the Union would look or. and cry
"Amen !" [Laughter, and cn/s of Good."] Bui
to quote his colleague hgairt; "What, he askt^, did
the people ca-0 who was the President? What did
tho mg.ses care about the man at the h ad of af-
fairs, so that the Government was well adminis-
teredT'
If this meant that the Democratic party were
rcaily to take Mr. Webster, provided be premised
to administer the Government well, to navigate
the ship of State as she ought to be—if it meant
■ ha', old as Daniel Wcbsti r was in political sin,
his col'eayje was willing to take him as his c.'.nHi-
daie,—he would say that the people did care who
was tl)?ir President. They wished to know p. man
beforehand, when he aspired to that office. They
w.sbed to know everything aboot his public and
private history—yes, his private history—before
they uonld allow him to be brought on the coarse.
No beardless boy could reach that high and re-
sponsible post by the suffrages of the people. It
mast be filled by men of high character and fixed
principles—men known to the nation as sir h. The
Democratic party never had taken up a Federal-
ist and placed him in the Presidency, and he
trusted they never would. When they did so,
they would cease 10 be Democrats.
But his colleague said he cared not who was
President; that he was bred a Federalist; that he
was a Federalist after he had attained bis majori-
ty; that he did not enter into political life until he
was twenty-four years of age, when he began to
think for himselt, and renounced his Federalism.
How many months elapsed before this result took
place he did not know, but he came out a bright
and shining Democrat!
Now he (Mr. G.) never had doubted that a man's
first love was the strongest. "The dog will return
to bis vomit, and the sow to her wallow," [Laugh-
ter ] Old Federalists were not to be trusted in
the highest and most responsible stations. But
gentlemen said that the Democratic party admitted
ail who came into their fold. True; he admitted
that the Democratic church was catholic, and that
it asked all to come up to the polls and vote. It
preached its doctrine to all the world. It excluded
none from within its pale. It invited all to come
forward and partake. But no man who had not
received the laying on of hands by the bishop,
was allowed to serve at its altar. [Laughter.] And
least of all would it permit an old priest, toward
the end of bis days, to come out, doff his settled
opinions, renounce his Presbyterianism, and as-
sume its mitres and consecrated robes. [Laughter,]
Yes, the gentleman said he had more feeling oa
this subject than men in general, because he wa*s
bred up m a Federal schcol. He, however, became
a Democrat when he attained his majority; but his
sympathies were with the old Federalists, and he
would not care who was the President of the
United Siates. He believed he bad enabled his
colleague most satisfactorily to dffine his position,
though he belipved it wss an isolated position in
which he could neither get Democrat nor Whig to
jcin with bim.
Some member suggested "the guard."
Mr. GORDON said he had nothing to do with
the guard. God forbid he should have anything
to do with it, or with "the Captain" either. He
meant that he should never join the guard; but as
it took two to play at foils, whenever ihe guard re-
sorted to a game of that sort, he should not be
backward. He (Mr. G ) was a plain man, and
when he spoke, he spoke hii plain honest senti-
ments, whether they pleased or displeased the
guard or anybody else.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cosh-
jnc] declared in his speezh—and gentlemen would
know who he meant when be. read it—that it
would not be for the political interests of any party
to carry on a ferocious war against the Administra-
tion and its friends. Well, one of the friends of
ihe Alministration was Daniel Webster, and he
hoped there were but few Demecrats on that floor
or elsewhere that would cease to wage war sgsinst
Dat)i;l Wtbiter so long as he remained in his
present high and dangerous positior—a position
that was (!an?f rous to the principles of Democracy.
He hoped tbere would be few traitors or cowards
found in their ranks, who wou d ground their
arms to him. But. what was waging war
asainst ibe Acministrati.i!? Did it mean
opposition to the exchequer? Was that the
tae-nine of it? Was it voting against a bill that
might be brought up tbere, with a recommendation
from the While Hous<i? And were they to be de-
nounced for voting against a bill which had neither
their nor their constituents' confidence? Was the
voting against such a bill a waging war against
the Adm'ristration? He should like to know what
waging war against the Administration meant, if
it did not mean that. And if that was a warring
against the Administration, if he did not mistake
the signs of the times, they would have wr.r; a vtar
to the knife, and the knife to the hilt; for be did
not believe that a Government bank, or any ex-
chequer plan with power to issue Government pa-
per as the currency of the country, would any more
