CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125>
meet with their approbation and their friendship,
than if they had brought in a bill to re-incorporate
the old United States Bank; for a Government
bank was far more dangerous than an incorpora-
tion of individuals—for they had there the purse
and the sword united—the money power and the"
political power, and "the fixed fact" of the Consti-
tution combined. The "fixed fact" would be
formidable indeed, if Congress should pass a Gov-
ernment bank to transact not only the con-
cerns of the Government of this growing people
but the concerns of the people themselves. He
understood from the speech of Mr. Webster, de-
livered at Faneuil Hall, that he approbated this
exchequer plan—that he was in favor of it, if he
were not its author; and here, then, they saw the
danger of such men as that being in the Cabinet,
getting the ear of the President, and dispensing the
stars and garters. It was an all-important fact,
that he who recommended the exchequer plan to
the President as a Government bank—that a func-
tionary who through his whole life had advocated
a strong consolidated Government—who had even
been British in hfe notions of a Government—
who, when he could not get a national bank,
which was ten fold more dangerous to the liber-
ties ot the people and of the country, for it was a
much stronger instrument in his hand—was the
prime minister to carry out his plans of a consol-
idated Government. Why, when the sub-treasury
was first brought forward, it was expressly charged
that it was a Government bank in disguise; they
put the administration then m power on the
defensive on that subject, and it gave them
great trouble to get rid of the charge, and to
convince the people that it was not a Government
bank in disguise. The Democrats denied that it
was; and they struck out eveiyilung which could
furnish a pretence lor such an accusation. But
now, when this prime minister was warm m his
seat, and recommended this plan to Congress, if
they weie not to pass it, they would be "warring
with the Administration," and would come in col-
lision with "the fixed fact." When such threats
were made, and such consequences were to follow,
it was time that every Democrat should take his
stand, and define his position, if any doubt hung
over him. The des'gn was lormed to overthrow
the Democratic party by division'--he cared nut
where ihe project came from; but the Democrats
would soon hold their national convention—when
they would select, from the two prominent men
now before the nation, one to he their candidate:
and the Democratic party would not then be either
terrified or cajoled—they would stand up to the
rack, fodder or no fodder. Post offices over the
country were to be used to buy up the Democracy,
and to scatter the apple of ducord amongst the
patty, to break it to pieces; but they who thus cal-
culated to corrupt the people, most be steeped to
the lips in corruption themselves.
Now, over President Tyler himself there rested
a very strong suspicion. lie was bred up a Dem-
ocrat; he was nurtured in the true faith, to which
he (Mr. G.) doubted not he would return befoie
he died. He (Mr. G.) hoped, before he went out
of power, he would return to hiv first love. But he
was under strong suspicion; and it would take a
great deal of whitewashing, and a great deal ot re-
pentance, aud a great many good deeds, to recom-
mend him to the Democrats, to that he could not
only enter she broad door of their church, walk
down its aisle, and take his position in their pulpit.
[Laughter ] He might come to hear their preach-
ing; but, before he could be allowed to preach
himself, he had got to atone for all his political
errors. Whea first thry found him, he was run-
ning on the Ccon ticket as Vice President; and he-
could tell them the Democracy did not like ihat
veiy well, for many reasons. They did not like
him, because he had £uch a man as Daniel Web-
ster for his prime minister—a man who came out,
and declared on Long Island, at a clambake, and
in Virginia, beneath an October sun, and in the face
ofVirginians, that he wasa Jeffersonian Democrat—
which the people of the Worth did not believe,if the
Virginians did. And what next? Why, when by
authority of the Constitution he came to the ex-
ecutive chair, he found Daniel Webster his piiaae
minister, appointed by his immediate predecessor;
and he retained that man in power, and has done
so ever since—a man who had been the means of
recommending measures to this Congress that the
Democrats never did nor could approve of. There
were many other things thai he must account for,
and atone for, too, before he could expeet to be the
candidate of the Democracy. But there was the
"fixed fact," and intimations were thrown out that
he was to be the candidate, nolens miens. But how
was that to be done? Why, an outcry was got up
against party. The organs of the Administration
out of doors, and the new-fledged friends and fol-
lowers of the Administiation on that floor, had
been crying out against partyj and deprecating
party spirit. And why this outcry against parly?
Was it not because the Administration party was
not very respectable in point of numerical strength,
and that, by crying out against party, they
hoped to break down both parlies, that of the
disjointed materials they might make up a party
for the Administration? But what would be the
consequence attendant on success? Would not
the outs wage war against the ins? The coun-
try would again be divided between two great par-
ties, and measures would be made a test between
them, whatever those measures might be—whethrr
strong government or representative government,
consolidated government or confederated govern-
ment, To this it would come in the end. He could
regard this outcy against party only as evidence of
a design to break down all parties, and to remodel
a new one. He had understood that this Adminis-
tration took great credit for the overthrow of the
Whig parly in the contest of 1842; but he was
not willing to give the Administration all the credit
they ai-k on this head. He knew the Secretary of
War wrote a celebrated letter to somebody in the
Siate of Hew York, just on the eve of the election.
He knew, aho, that that man [Mr. Spencer] was
not wilhout saRacity. The Secretary saw that ths
Democracy of the Empire State were aroused; ihat
they had returned to their "sober second thought;"
and that Whigery, in the States where the elections
had then been held, was? swept where his colleague
wanted to go—"overboard;" [laughter;] and to ac-
quire ihe credit of that mighty triumph, and drag the
Democracy in the tail of this Administration, the vic-
tory was claimed t.y theirs. But let him tell that
House ihat, instead of doing tliem good, it wis a
positive injury to the Democratic party; for it had
lost them two Representatives in the Congress of
the United States. That letter produced a prodi-
gious aciion in the Stale of New York; and it
awoke the Whigs somewhat from their apalhy and
slumbtr; and he (Mr. G.) declared in his place be-
fore that House, as the eonviction of his judgment,
that that letter did ihem no good, but, on the con-
trary, a positive injury; and that the Whigs were
under some obligation and a debt of gratitude to
Mr. Spencer for wriiing and publishing it; for they
had obtained two Representatives more in the next
Congress than they would have had without it.
And n was very nalural that ii should be so. So
sudden was lhechangt',and sounexpeeted to them—
after he wrote die call for the Whig convention at
Syracuse to denounce Captain Tyler—was his ac-
ceptance of office under that Administration, that,
when h.- wrote and published his letter in defence
of that Administration, a tremendous excrement
was produced, and energetic action on the part of
the Whig?; a:id, as a consequence, they gained two
members more than they would otherwise have
had in the next Congress.
lie (Mr. Gordon) deemed it his duly to the
Democracy thus to undeceive the public mind re-
.•pecting the supposed effect oi th^t letter. With
ngard to Ihe ability of Mr. Spencer to transact ihe
duties of his office as Secretary of War, he had 110
doubt. He did not believe there was another man
to be found withm the borders o) ine United States
that was better able to despaich business than he
was and if ihey would only chalk out the business
for him 10 do, he would labor day and night to ac-
complish ii; bat, as a political leader, he was wilh-
out sagacity, and he cared not for the world, pro-
vided he could gratify his ambition. He had been
long in office in the State of New York, where he
had belonged to one party, but now he belonged
to another—the Webster party at the seat of the
General Government.
But to return. The President was a queer char-
acter: He had a Secretary of the Navy who was
the true personification of a Virginia abstraction,
and who, when he came into office, had no sort of
qualification for the office into which he came.
He had no doubt but that, in time, observation
and-experience would qualify him to make a very
good Secretary of the Navy, provided he could get
some of these large ideas of a grand and magnifi-
cent navy out of his head, and come down to what
a Democratic navy should be. When we shall
become the depredator upon other nations, and
when we should require a large naval force to
carry on our schemes of conquest and plunder,
then Mr. Upsher would become a very good Secre-
tary of the Navv, because he would be the most
ultra in his noiTons, and would lead on our con-
quering squadrons in great style. But we are not
jet prepared to become a conquering nation not
yet prepared to aggrandize ourselves by plunder
and bloodshed; and till then we do not want a navy
to the extent of Mr. Upshei's desires. There was
a time when Mr. Tyler might have been almost, if
not quite, a leader of the Democratic party. If,
when he first came into power, he had atoned for
running on the Whig ticket, by dismissing his cabi-
net, instead of retaining the worst of them, and had
brought round him Democrats of tried worth and
experience; if he had recommended Democratic
measures to Congress, and used the veto a little
more, denouncing distribution, and some other
things,—ihen he would have plagued some of the
Democratic candidates exceedingly. The people
were almost prepared to take him up by acclama-
tion, and put him into the Democratic pulpit as
their preacher and kader. But he was not himself
prepared to go altogether with the Democratic par-
ty; he was pretty much in the predicament ^ of his
(Mr. G's) colleague [Mr. Rowne,]—that is,in what
General Root once called "a state of betweenity."
Almost everybody kept away from, the White
House; but if he had listened to the admonitions
of the Democratic party, and dismissed that min-
ister, in whom the Democracy never can confide,
there would have been some chance of his being
supported by them. Bat, instead of being dismiss-
ed, there that obnoxious minister sat, poisoning
the ear of that honest man who had not the firmness
arid the couiage to dismiss him, and come out
what he originally was, and what he [Mr. G.] had
no doubt he would now be giad to be.
The Democratic party, in their triumpbsof 1842,
owed none of their success to this Administration
and their letter-writers. The people triumphed in
their minht. They had seen what was the course
of the Whig parly while in the ascendant—ihey
had seen how little their practice accorded with
their professions, and how ill calculated their
measures were to promote the interests and pros-
perity of the country. A portion of the Democratic
party, too, had been deceived; and they, coming
back, contributed to their party's success.
He had a little more to say in regard to the
speech of th'i gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Cusiiing.] The gentleman said that he considered
it as "very material ihat there should be a frank
understanding on those matters;" that "there were
men in the Administration, or connected with the
Administration, who, at a proper time, might have
a word to say. He did not, to be sure, know
whether their opinion would be potential; but this
he knew—that, of all the elements now in tumultu-
ous and corifiiciing motion in the national caldron,
in ihe grand political seelhing-pot, the most poten-
tial of all was the Federal Government."
The Federal Government was then in the grand
political seething-pot. Who put it there? The
trainers of the Constitution never intended that
ihe Federal Government should be put there.
Who, then, put the Federal Government in this
grand caldron—this grand political seelhing-pot,
but those connected with this Administration? Yes,
it was put in this grand caldron by those who,
when the time comes round, will have a word to
say; and he now saw that those connected with
the Administration had something to do, as well
as to say. An editor in New York, (said Mr. G.,)
