126
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
who has the public printing, comes oat and declares
John Tyler to be the candidate of the Democratic
party for President, and William C. Bouck the
candidate for Vice President, subject to the nomi-
nation of a national convention. Well, sir, (said
Mr. G.,) (bey have come into our sect, and set up
to be the high priests of our church; but if they
wait for the nomination of a Democratic national
convention to declare that John Tyler and Wil-
liam C. Bouck are the candidates of ihe Demo-
cratic party, they will have to wait a long time.
Now, the paper in which this nomination was
made, was the official organ; and, he took it, that
what.it did was by authority; so it would seem
that those around this Administration have some-
thing to do, as well as to say. So far as Wm. C.
Bouck was concerned, it was a foul calumny to say
that he had assented to this nomination. Mr. Bouck
would tsoon go with his [Mr. G.'s]Colleague over-
board, if he assented to it, for it would sink
him to elernity. It was, however, doing Mr.
Bouck great injustice to suppose that this nomi-
nation was made with his eoncurrence. It was
glory enough for him to have the administration
of the affairs of the great State of New York for
two years to come; and he did not believe that be
would give up the bird he had in hand for two in
the bushes. The glory of being the choice of the
people for the high offics he fills, is superior to the
glory of running on the same ticket as Vice Pres-
ident with John Tyler. He knew that, in speaking
as' boldly and fiankly as he had done, he
should tread on the corns of some of his friends
who may have the appointments of postmatfeis lo
attend to in their districts. He, himself, bad no
influence wilh this Administration; and when ap-
plications were made to him for his aid in getting
the appointments of postmasters in bis district, be
■ turned them over to his colleague from the Oisego
district, who had more influence than he had. His
colleague hail long since superseded him in the
office of getting such appointments in his district.
He hoped that he would continue in the good
■work, and, when he had done, that he would re-
turn again to the Democratic ranks, and say to
President Tyler that he gave him small thanks for
the favors he had done him. The gentleman said
tbatsomeserious collisions had taken place between
the Executive and Congress, which he hoped never
would occur again. He, on the contrary, hoped
that ihey would occur again, and that they would
always occur whenever an unconstitutional bill
should be presented to the Executive for his tig-
nature. He hoped that every succeeding President
would veto and ditto every bank bill that should
be sent to him. He hoped that he would o a
little further, and veto distribution bills also. If
this, however, was intended for effecr—if we (said
Mr. G) must vote for the exchequer—it we pass
the sub-treasury, it is io be met by this "fixed
fact," the threat fell powerless before the leet of
Ihe Democracy. He had supposed that the powers
and the duties of the Executive were specified and
limited by ihe Constitution.
Here Mr.G. was intcriupied by thj SPEAKER,
and informed that his hour had expiied.J
He never believed (continuing the sentence) that
it was in the power of the Executive to put the
Federal Government in the political secthmg-pot.
Mr. McKEON then obtained the floor; but
yielded it to Mr. Bowne, for the puiposs cf en-
abling him to make an explanation m reply to his
cU'eague [Mr. Gordon j
Mr. BOWNE observed that he was perfectly
well aware that any gentleman on that floor who
would attempt to answer such a tirade oi personal
matter as had fallen from his colleague, must, for
the time at least, lay aside all self-respect; and he
now presented himself to the Houss in that atti-
tude, for a moment. He was thankful—knowing,
as he did, the Democracy of the Empire State, arid
the Democracy of the district his colleague repre-
sented—that he was not their high piiest, and had
not the power to put up and put down at his sove-
reign pleasure. He knew the constituents of the
gentleman; and it was through them that he had
learned a fact, that accounted for his extraordina-
ry zsal in the cause of Democracy; and he
invoked Ihe attention of his colleague while he sta-
ted it. Did his colleague remember that he oace
entertained the design—not carried into execution—
of abandoning his party? Did he remember that,
in 1840, when he was canvassing with the Demo-
cratic party for a seat in Congress, and when his
prospects were dim, that his political principles sat
so loosely about him that he made overtures to
the Whig leaders of his district to desert the Dem-
ocratic party if he failed in getting the nomination,
and become their candidate? This fact (Mr. B.
said) he had vouched for by the affidavits of several
of the most respectable gentlemen in his colleague's
district. Was such a man to lecture him, or other
gentlemen, upon their consistency and Democracy?
Heaven save ths mark! No, sir; I will despair
when my Democracy is to be judged by his judg-
ment. I- have been too long known to my constit-
uents to fear what he can say; and will let my re-
marks of yesterday, together with the wilful per-
version of them by my colleague, go to them, for
their judgment upon them. Let them go to them
together; and let them say whether I am to be
thrown overboard or not. Sir, I did not yesterday,
and never did, say a single word that compromised
the principles of Democracy. What I then said, I
repeat now; and that is, that if my attachment to
Democratic principles is to be measured by my at-
tachment to men, then I must despair of finding
favor; for it is one of the cardinal principles of the
Democratic party, that principles must be adhered
to, rather than men. Principles, not men, is their
motto; and it is one that I held to yesterday, and
still hold to to-day.
Mr. GORDON rose to reply to the remarks just
fallen from his colleague. [Cries, of "Go on."]
Mr. McKEON declined yielding the floor, inas-
much as he had but one hour. ["Yield to him."]
Mr. GORDON said he woald demand the floor.
He made a point of order. He claimed the right
to reply to the remarks of his colleague as a privi-
leged question. [Laughter;?and many voices "Let
him proceed by universal consent "]
After some uproar, Mr. McKEON yielded the
floor.
Mr. GORDON remarked, that the specch of his
colleague [Mr. Bowne] was. delivered in public,
made public in the newspapers, and he supposed
was public property; and, as such, he (Mr. G ) had
a right to comment upon it, as upon other speeches
delivered in that tody. He regretted that 'his col-
league should have made such a speech, as much
as he had no doubt his colleague now regretted it
himself, [laughter;] but, connected as he was with
the Democratic party, with whom he had ever
acted, he had thought it to be due to them, at least
so far as his constituents were concerned, to cut
off all connexion between ihem and the speech of
his colleague on yesterday.
With regard to what his colleague had said
about him, although ha (Mr. G.) hated to speak
about himself, it was but fair that he should say
that he was brought up a Democrat fiom his
youth. His father had fought the battles of his
country in the revolutionary war, and never came
heie to Congress to beg for a pension in considera-
tion of his services.
He repeated, he was brought up a Democrat,
and never had given any vote whalever which
did noi, in his opinion, and according to the best of
his judgment, accord with the principles of genuine
Democracy. As regaids the statement that hehad
proposed to become the leader of ihe Whig party
in his district, he would say that he never bad
aspiied to become Ihe leader of any party, but on-
ly a faithful follower in the right path. (A voice:
"Candidate.") As to his alleged desire to be-
come the candidate of the Whigs, on which his
colleague had remarked, he would s.ay that his col-
league spoke of that about which he knew noth-
ing, and which, in all its parts, was false. His
colleague, it seemed, had gone among ihe Federal-
ists of his district to pick up scandal against him.
He supposed his colleague had long contemplated
making use of it. It must have been sometime
since his colleague took up the idea of going
"overboard," and knowing h's (Mr. G.'s) un-
flinching Democracy, anticipated a broadside from
him, and had prepared himsslf to bring it out upon
the proper occasion. [Roars of laughter and
.shouts.]
Mr. McKEON then took the floor; but his first
remarks were very imperfectly heard above the
loud conversation which was carried on in every
part of the hall. He held it to be necessary to
meet every question openly and fairly. The true
principles involved in the contest now going on
were not yet developed. It was not a mere strife
between parties; but one which might make an in-
delible impression upon the structure of the
Government. The country had seen the Vice
President called lo the executive chair by the
death of the President, who came into power pos-
sessed with all the emoluments and honors of office.
The party which elected him said he was pledged
to support certain measures and principles. He
thought otherwise; and was compelled to use the
veto power upon measures introduced and carried
through Congress by those whs brought about his
election. Stripped of all adventitious circum-
stances, it would hereaf.er be represented to the
world, on the page of history, by the majority, that
ihey were compelled to separate from the man of
their choice.
The next step to be taken was on the part of the
minority. They had to determine whether they
would accept ihe patronage, and assume the re-
sponsibility, of the present Executive—unless he
gave them the measures, and carried out the prin-
ciples, for which they had been contending ever
since ihe organization of the Government. The
majority here said they had left power and patron-
age because they couid not sustain the President in
the principles which he was carrying out. The
question for the other party to determine was,
whether they were ready to go into power with
the responsibility of this Administration upen their
shoulders. For one, judging from the conduct of
this Administration, and speaking in the spirit of
frankness, he was unable to see, either in its rec-
ommendations to Congress, or in its dispensation of
power and patronage, or in its editorial department,
(if that was to be taken into account as being by
authority,) on what principle the Democratic party-
was called upon to sustain if.
But it was said, Would you wage a furious war
against this Administration? He answered, No,
certainly not; but the Democratic party had no
favors to grant to ihe Executive. The President
could command their support whenever he was
right in his conduct. When the bank bills were
vetoed, and the distribution bill defeated, in effect,
by a guast veto, ihey came up faithfully to the sup-
port of the principle, and not of the man by whom
it was carried out. He asked, Where was the
evidence of a furious opposition carried on against
this Administration by the minority here in Con-
gress? As to what had been said about ultras, it
reminded him of a remark m relation to the zones.
The Democratic and Whig parties were declared
to be in the torrid and frigid zones, whilst
the Administration was the, oniy temperate zone
There were two principles at work m the world,
one was sustained by the onward movement party,
which held that Government admitted of changes,
reforms, and purifications; the other was advo-
cated by a party who were for standing where
they had always stood, and admitting no improve-
ment or alleialion whatever into Ihe Government
or its policy. Halfway between those two parties,
the Admmis'.raiion desired to place ittclf.
Heie Mr. McK. was interrupted by loud cries
of "adjourn;" and yielded to a motion made to
that effect.
Mr. EVERETT asked for the yeas and nays on
the morion; but the call was not sustained—only
17 gentlemen rising.
The House then adjourned at 5 minutes past
3 o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 6, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a report from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate passed in 1841, showing what
amount of money has been refunded to the pur-
