CONCrRESSI#N AJL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1843.
Volume 12 •'"•No: 9
Continued from No. 8.
nessee [Mr. Arnold] would withdraw his motion
to commit.
Mr. ARNOLD wi hdrew his motion; and the
amendment was received.
Mr. ADAMS said he had offered the amendment,
in order that the bill, if passed at all, should be
passed in the precise manner recommended by the
President. In order to show this, he would call
attention to the paragraph in the message of the
President:
"I recommend to Congress to take into con-
sideration the propriety of reimbursing a fine im-
posed on General Jackson at New Orleans, at the
time of the attack ai d defence of that city, and
paid by him. Without designing any reflection on
the judicial tribunal which imposed the fine, the
remission, at this day, may be regarded as not un-
just or inexpedient.'''
His amendment would have the effect of return-
ing the fins without reflecting upon the judicial
tribunal by which it was imposed. The President
went further,m the same spirit, and recommended the
remission of the fine on the principle that the Judge
was.executing faithfully the duties of his office;
that the treatment of him, and the trial of Louallicr
by a court-martial appointed by Gen. Jackson,
were violations of law; and the remission of the
fine was a mere act of oblivion, without impair-
ing, but, on the contrary, eonfiimiiui the propriety
of the action of ihe Judge. The Prc-iiiem fak':
"Withoutdesigning any reflection on the judical
tribunal which mipor-ed the fine, the remission, at
this day, may be regarded a1; i.ot unjust or inexpe-
dient." He hoped the House would observe the
cautious phraseology of this passage. The Presi-
dent did not cay that the remission would not be
unjust or inexpedient, but that "U may be so re-
garded."
Again, the President say.--: ' The voice of the,
civil authority was heard amidst the glitter of arms,
and obeyed by those who held the swordj thereby
giving additional usire to a memorable military
achievement." What was the meaning of this?
The voice of the civil authority was heard and
obeyed. What wa* that but ail acknowledg-
ment of the justice of the ael? It was a-: ipned
by the President, as a mo.ive for passing the bill,
that General Jackson obeyed the judgment of the
court. Farther, the President raid: "It can hard-
be doubted that it would be gratiiying tn the war-
worn veteran, now in retirement and in the wmler
of his days, to be relieved from the circumstances
in which that judgment placed him." Ct Mainly,
ss far as the payment of money was concerned, he
had no doubt that the remission would h • very
gratifying; but whether th" l'w?r-'Vorn veteran"
was willing to accept a donation on that pixm i-
ple, was ano'her qivstjon.
The President next proceeded to ! 7 do t a
principle of ex'raordinaty is.p' i:i'"-"e; .i>id the
more so, because the Preside1)' ! xi te-mn.r' aded
the passage of this bill id dice' 1 i what he con-
ceived to be his duty. What iiM he say? ' These
are cases :n which public inv tionat ies n.ay 1-e
called on to weigh the public inte>e,-.t auamsl ihe.r
own personal hnzirdi; and if the civil Uw he vio-
lated from praiseworthy motives, or an oven tiling
sense of public darts: u' and puJic jicce -i;y, vv/rii!h-
ment may well he lcstiained vuhjii :!i On. !
which asserts and maintains ihe aathoriw of 11 >,-■
law, and the sul jection of ihe m/i.ary L ; o.eeiv- I
power." Punish/(enf—th-"." war io■ \vo"d. Gen,
Jackscn was to le r-iitvc.! from the puni-hment
inflicted upon hire, for a vr btior. of Oo.vtiiu-
tion and laws. The pv-niihmeni van to be iniritted.
Again: "The deft nee of New Orleans, v. h'!-- t
saved a city f.ora th" bunds of the enr;:\y, placed
the name et Get.erpl Jneirs^n pnicns; tin se cf Uk
greatest caplains, of tlx" age, acd illustrated, one
the brighL-st page", of oh,- h,ri"rv.'' St was, then,
the defence ot New Orleans, ih" brilliant victor/
then achieved, and not the imprisonment of Judge
Hall—not ihe subjection of Louallier to trial by a
court martial, appointed by Jackson, which gave a
claim to the remission of the fine. The question
was, whether, in consideration of these services,
General Jackson ought not to be relieved from the
circumstances which this righteous judgment had
inflicted upon him.
The President thus concluded the paragraph to
which he referred: "Now that the causes of excite-
ment existing at the time have ceased to operate, it
is believed that the remi sion of this fine, and
whatever of gratification that remission might
cause the eminent man who incurred and .paid it,
would be in accordance with the general feeling
and wishes of the American people." Now, he
would not deny that the American people wished
this fine to be paid back. It might be so. At
least a portion of them wished it—a portion com-
monly called "(he Democratic party." He would
remark thst the party which pushed this measure
with such solicitude in the Slate Legislatures and
in this body—where, from their extreme anxie'y to
avoid discussion, they wished to call the previous
question—had an additional motive, besides that of
relieving the "war-worn veteran" from tlft cir-
cumstances under which this righteous judgment
placed him. Much had been recently said about
seuing up the Presidency at auction, as the piaeto-
rian guards once did in the Roman empire. He
must say, if auctioneering was to e'ect the
next P. esident, that this measrne—notof Anglo-
Saxon, Anglo-Iiish, or Anglo-Scotch, but of French
origin, operating first on the Legislature of New
Yoik—was one of the best auction schemes that
had enured into the campaign. All this desire of
ihe people to hive General Jaetoon's fine remitted,
war but a species of auctioneering for the Presi-
dency. The good-will of General Jackson was
courted by all the divisions of the Democratic
party. Prom the first propo'i'ion of the measure
in the Legislature of New York, lo its lale sanc-
tion in the Legislature of South Carolina—the la^d
of Ihe bloody bill—every effort mnle in ils behalf
was traceable to auctioneering for the Presidency.
Rumors were afloat—he could not, of course,
vouch for their truth—that the great presidential
question between the varum; divisions of the Dem-
ocratic parly, was lo be ultimately decided by Gen.
Jackson himself. It seemed to be given out that
he was to be the president of the national Demo-
cratic convention; and who knew what the ie<nlt
would be? Such were the rumors which weie
afloat. Prom what the Hoi'se had seen, it was
e'ear that all th'* divisions of the party were hum-
ble suitors for the gocd-will or neutrality of Gen.
Jackson. He did not expressly assign the pa/a
graph in the message of the President to that pur-
j:o-e. The President alone knew what were his
motives; and, tin-re'ore, he (Mr. A.) would not say
thai this wiis a bid iri the great auction, If it. was-,
however, a bid, he would say that it was not a very
good one. lie thought the "war worn veteran"
would say that such a bid won't do. At any Kte,
hp wished to have the trial made, by putting the
bill in precisely the same lerms recommended by
Ihe Pr. sider.t, ill order to see whether the "war-
worn vetoian" would take it.
He then called for ihe reading of Ihe concluding
pot lion of his resolution; and it was read. Tr,e
House would perceive, fioni this, that he proposed
tu m^ruc-t ihe committee to inquiie and lepoit
whether this would come under that class of ca-es
o which th? President lefcrred as juslifung a
violation of 'he civil lav?. He wished the fact to
he reported to the House. Should the b'll pass in
fee form psked for by Genera! Jackson, it would,
in effect, become the law -of the land n all futu.e
time. Should it be passed, it would te recognising
the ri ht of a oomrnarder of the array to d<=e.!.-.re
martial la'ff, and prosir-ie every righ" of the citi-
zen. There was no alternative left. The bill must
ei'her be. passed in the form recommended by the
President, or >1 would recognise a violation of the
laws. One thing or the other must be done. The
question was, whether the House would consent to
pass the bill in such a shapeas to sanction the prin-
ciple that the commander of the arfiij has the post-
er to declare martiai law by his own authority, and
without instructions from the Government, and
thus take away the privileges, property, and lives
of citizens at his pleasure. Sanction this, and
your children to the latest day will be subject to
martial law at the fiat not only of the President,
but of a commander of an army. You must re-
mit the fine, and at the same time recognise the
punishment, or do as General Jackson demands-
stigmatize the character of a dead man who had
the courage and the nerve to discharge his duty.
This, too, must be done when the judge bas been
dead twenty or twenty-five years, and no friend here
to vindicate his acts.
After some further remarks from Mr. A., the
Speaker announced the expiration of that portion
of his hour that remained over from yesterday.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he thought the gen-
tleman's hour was up.
Mr. EVERETT said the question was a new
one, an amendment having been offered, and the
gentleman was entitled to his hour.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that if a gen-
tleman might thus renew questions, he might go on"
to *pcak forever.
The SPEAKER decided that the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania had the floor.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that he designed
not to enier entirely into the discussion on this sub-
ject, but to address himself to •
Mr. ADAMS rose, amidst a confused noise of
voiccs, and addressed the Chair.
Mr. G. J. INGERSOLL said he had the floor.
Mr. ADAMS said he claimed the benefit of the
rules, according to previous practice.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, unless there was
an appeal, he should not yield the floor.
Mr. ADAMS retorted that the' gentleman was
not entitled to the floor, and he (Mr. A.) claimed
it, according to the practice of the extra session, at
which one gentleman made a speech of two hours'
length by simply changing the question at the ex-
piration of his first hour.
Mr. WISE begged leave to state a fact in justi-
fication of the Chair.
The SPEAKER, however, went on to explain
the case to which allusion had been made; and he
was understood to say that there was not a two
hours' speech made, as the gentleman from Mas-
iachusetts had averred; but when the gentleman
who had the floor got through his hour, a new ques-
tion was made, and the fame gentleman got the
floor on that new question. There was not a con-
tinuance of a speech by a change of the question
by the gentleman on the floor; and if it were al-
lowed, it must be obvious to the House that it
would operate as a repeal of the hour rule, and a
gentleman might, m that way, speak a week.
Mr. WISE reminded the Chair that, at the
extra session, he attempted to do what the gentle-
man from Massachusetts now wished to do; but
the Speaker overruled him, and the Chair was sus-
tained by the House.
Mr. WINTUROP inquired if, during the dis-
cussion on the bankrupt Jaw, this rule had not been
dispensed with. Ife was understood lo refer to
Ihe gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Gordon,]
who spoke some days ago, arid again yesterday,
on that bill. fA mtmber was heard to say that the
question was then in a different shape.] To bring
the question before the House, he appealed from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER explained, that when the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Gordon] spoke some
days ago, the question was in a different shape; and
thai, it having been changed, he again got the floor
jesterday, which was not inconsistent with the
rule.
Mr. WINTHROP said the gentleman from
