ISO
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Massachusetts spoke this morning under a new
motion; and it was not a case of a gentleman who
made a motion, to lengthen his time to sp^ak.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman frcm
Massachusetts occupied half an hour yesterday,
and he bad the floor this morning, to occupy the
residue of his time.; and therefore he was not en-
titled to further time, because, in the course of his
speech, he submitted an amendment.
Mr. WINTHROP wiihdrew his appeal.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then resumed his
speech, but for some time he was scarcely audible
above the hum of conversation which prevailed
• through the hall. He was, however, understood
to say that he should confine himself to an answer
to the speech of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] reserving himself for a future op-
portunity to discuss the matter at large, when he
should come fally and fairly before the House and
the country; and he could assure the gentleman
from Massachusetts that he should treat him with
all proper courtesy and respect. But he might now
congratulae him and ths House, that, after a
month's inexplicable silence, he had at length re-
covered his speech; and, in addition to that, he
congratulated the gentlsman from Massachusetts
on his return—he would not say to the praetorian
i=uard, or to any other guard; for, if his reading
was correct, the praetorian guard not only put up
at auction the Roman empire, but they sold it to a
negro—but he congratulated him on his' return to
presidential support. He, (Mr. I ,) however,
. would say that the presidential message had not
prompted his action. And ihis he would say, that,
8s he was the only member of ihis House who
stood upon that floor on the 6th February, 1815,
when the news of the victory of New Orleans ar-
rived—and never could he forget it—so he was
the author of the modest bill on the table, excul-
pating the judge, and removing the stain from one
individual, without communicating any tarnish 10
the other.
As he was here in 1815, and was here now, with
a heart full of gratitude to Andrew Jackson—
though, as he was reminded on a former occa -ion,
General Jackson thrust him from office, [laughter;]
and therefore he (Mr. I.) was under no obligation
to him—he acted here with respfct certainly for the
President, but without caring what the President
had recommended. He acted because his imme-
diate constituents had sent here many petitions, and
urged him at the last session to bring the matter
to the consideration of Congress. In that he had
motive for action; and Ihe House would do him
the justice to observe that, having, by great good
iortune, navigated a little bill tkrough'the perilous
difficulties of a committee, in which the Speaker
knew he was in a very humble minority—and
having presented a report there, through the kind-
ness ot hi.', associates on that committee, (with
whom he had enjoyed the mo;,t pleasant personal
intercourse, as be hoped he should continue to do,)
and a gentleman from Georgia, who was not here
this session, but who at the last session gave him
his countenance and support,—he repeated, he
hoprd ihe House would do him the justice to
observe that he had waited for no recommenda-
t.on f(om a gentltman sometimes called John Ty-
ler, sometimes Captain Tyler, and sometimes the
President of the United States, signifying: that it
should be done; but he had acted upon those,
things of which the gentleman from Massachusetts
was the special champion—the petitions of the peo-
ple—particularly his own constituents. He bad
not even wanted the promptings of Maj. Davezac
or Captain Anybody; but he had acted on that for
which he hoped he should have credit, and that he
should not be included in the cruel imputations
and the unsparing di«piragem nt with which the
gentleman from Massachusetts had this morning
assailed the motives of everv gentleman who bad
taken part in this debate. Under all the circum-
stances, in what he had said arid done, he hoped
his motives might not be supposed to be what they
were not. He had, however, risen for the pur-
pose—
The SPEAKER here, by the falling of his mal-
let, announced to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia that the morning hour had expired.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he was called by
some extraordinary circumstances to go home to-
morrow; and, if he might be allowed to go on to-
day, he would be glad to do so. [Cries of "Let
him go on."]
Tbe SPEAKER was about to put the question
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania should
be allowed to proceed? when
Mr. EVERETT objected.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved a suspension of
the rules, that he might be allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER put the question on that mo-
tion; on which, there were 97 in the affirmative,
and 70 in the negative. The motion was lost—
two-thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL afterwards said he wou'id
remain until to morrow, for the purpose of finish-
ing his remarks.
Mr. GIDD1NGS called for the orders of the day,
viz: private bills.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the House resume
the consideration of the bill for the repeal of the
bankrupt law; and he expressed a hope that the
question might be taken to-day.
The SPEAKER said the motion of the gentle-
man from Vermont would require a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. EVERETT moved a suspensioa of the
rules.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the yeas and nays;
anS they were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas
113, nays 90; which was le«s than a majority of
two-thirds, and, therefore, the motion did not
prevail.
On motion of Mr. COWEN, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole; and
the following bills, to which no objections were
made, weie severally considered and laid aside to
be reported to ihejHouse:
A bill for the relief of Asahel Lee, Harvey Lee,
and Samuel Lee.
A bill for the relief of John Coxe.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B Tuck.
A bill for the relief of Thomas D. Gilson. -
A b.ll for the relief of Joseph R. Chandler.
A bill for the relief of the heirs or the assignees
&f the heirs of Isaac Todd and James McGill.
A bill for the rel et' of Jonathan Britton.
A b.ll for the relief of Daniel Dunham.
A bill for the relief of David Alhpach.
A bill for the relief of James E. Hunt and
others.
A bid for the leiief of Conrad House,
A bill for the relief of Boyd Reilly.
A bill (or the relief of George Randall, John C
Haskell, and E. H. Holme?.
A bill for the relief of Robert G. Ford.
A bill for the relief of William D. Smith.
A bill for the relief of Catherine Wilson; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Major General the Baron de Kalb,
deceased.
^ Mr. FILLMORE wished to have taken up a
bill to refund a certain sum of money which had
been deposited in the treasury, and which could
not be drawn therefrom without authority of law
—(understood to have been deposited there by Mr.
Forsyth )
After some conversation, in which Mes-rs. GID-
DINGS, COWEN, and UNDERWOOD partici-
pated, objection was made.
On motion of Mr. COWEN, the committee then
rose, and reported a number of bills to the House.
The following bills were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and afterwards read a third time, and
passed:
An act for the relief of Baron De Kalb.
An act for the relief ef Asahel Lee, Henry Lee,
and Samuel Lee.
Ad act for the relief of Samuel D. Tuelc.
An act for the relief of John Coxs.
An set for the relief of Thomas D Gilson.
An act for the relief of Joseph R. Chandler.
An act for ihe relief of the heirs or the as-
signees cf the heirs of Isaac Todd and James
McGill.
An act for the relief of Jonathan Britton.
An act for the relief Daniel Dunham.
An act for the relief of David Allspacb,
An act for the relief of James E. Hunt and
others.
An net for the relief of Conrad House.
An act for >he relief of George Randall, J, C.
Haskell, and E. H. Holmes,
An act for the relief of Robert G. Ford.
An act for the relief of Catherine Wilson.
An act for the relief of Boyd Reilly.
The question then came up on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Philip Renault was passed.
Mr. YOUNG addressed the House at some
length; and then,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satubdav, January 7, 1843.
Mr. GUSTINE presented the petition of George
A. O'Brien, for indemnification for losses sustained
by his father, Richard O'Brien, Consul General of
the Barbary powers previous to 1800.
Mr. READ presented the petition of sundry citi-
zens of Tioga county, Penn., praying fora new post-
route in said county, from Elkland to Middleburg;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road«.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin presented the petition
of inhabitants of tbe town of Souihport, Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, numerously signed, asking
Congress for an appropriation for a light-house at
that town, on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
Mr. SOLLERS introduced the Hon. Charles
S. Sewell, the successor of the Hon. James W.
Williams, deceased, who took the oath and his
seat.
Mr. BOARDMAN presented a petition of a por-
tion of his constituents, praying for a reduction of
the rate of postage on letters, and the adoption of
the penny-postage system.
Mr. HUNT offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
ResnHfri, That ihe (tommittee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing, bylaw, a
mail route between the village of Lansingburgh and Scaghti-
coke Point (in the county ot Rensselaer and State of New
York) on the Scaghticoke and Lansingburgh turnpike road.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked the House to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from a small
bill to establish a new judicial district in Kentucky,
so that it might be passed.
Objections were made, and the committee was
not discharged.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from House bill No. 548, being a bill to reduce
the compensation of members of the Senate and
House of Representatives, and tbe Delegates from
the Territories, and to repeal all other laws on
that subject; and that the same be made the special
order cf the day for Monday next.
Objections were made.
Mr. ARNOLD moved a suspension of the rule,
and on lhat motion he called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if that subject had
been considered in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER's reply was not distinctly beard ;
but, afur a few words from Mr. CUSHING, the
qnes'ion was put on ordering the yeas and nays,
but n was not carried.
Mr. ARNOLD called for tellers; but only nine-
tcea tose in support of that call, and tellers were
not oideied.
The question was then taken on the motion to
f-U'-pend the rules, and it was negatived.
On the motion of Mr. H. DODGE, it was
Restored, That the Committee on the Territories be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the
election by tha people ot the Territeiy of Wisconsin of sheriffs,
judges of probate, justices of the peace, and of all other officers
now ejected by the people of the Territory of Iowa.
On the motion of Mr. COLES, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to this House whether the officers of the exploring ex-
pedition have received extra pay for their services; and, if so,
to report specially es to the propriety of sanctioning such pay-
ments, or of enfoicntg their repayment.
On the motion of Mr. HENRY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims b©
instructed to inquire into the propriety of granting 160 acres
of bounty land to John McGinnis, of Mercer count?, Pa., $
