CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iSJ
soldier in the late war, who enlisted the 1st day of March, 1813,
" for the period of during the _war, served in the corps of artil-
lery, and was discharged the I7ih March, 1815; and that said
committee report by biHoi otherwise.
On the motion of Mr.'MeKEON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicaie to this House the names of the parties etttitiea,
and the amounts respectively due, of the old funded and unfund-
ed dobt payable on presentation.
On the motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House any reports in relation to the lake
harbors which may have been received since his annual
report.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to aay other
business ihat would interfere with the regular
morning business.
The SPEAKER then-called for teports from
committees.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill supplemental to
an act of the 24ih of May, 1828, to continue a
copyright to John RowleU; which was read twice,
and committed,
Mr. BURN ELL, from !he Committee an Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of cer-
tain persons composing the guard of marines
of the late exploring expedition, under Lieut.
Wilkes, moved that the committee be discharged
fromjhe consideration thereof, and that the said
petition do lie on the table.
He went on to make some observations on his
■ motion, amidst fiequent interruptions.
After some farther remark-) from Mr. BUR-
NELL
Mr. 'fESSENDBN moved to lay the motion
upon the table.
Mr. BURNELL called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered: and, on taking ihe
question, the motion was agreed to.
GORDON'S DIGEST.
Mr. TILLING! HAST, from the Committee on
the Libraiy, reported a joint-iesolution providing
for a subscription for a certain number oi Gor-
don's Digest; which wai read twice, and referred
to the Committee of life Whole on the s>ta'e of
the XJnicn
RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. GILMER, ill putsuance of notice given,
introduced a bill, on leave, to abolish tiie offices of
Recorder and Solicitor of the Gcneial Land Office;
which was twice irad, and leferreei to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
GENERAL JACKSOWS FiNE.
The Ho use then resumed the constdeiatinn of
the resolution s-ubmitied by Mr. Bowne, in relation
lo the fine imposed on General Jackson at New
Orleans, by Judge Hall; the question being upoa
the amendment offered yesterday by Mr. Adams,
to refer the subject to th>- Committee on tho Ju-
diciary, with certain insttKCtions.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, who bad the floor, con-
tinued his remarks commenced yesierdav, am!
noticed,m the first piace, an incorrect report ot what
he then said, which he Sound in two daily papers
of this city. From these icpoits it would appesr
that he. disclaimed the weight and influence ol the
Executive recommendation on thi- sabji ct; <vhich
was incorrect. 0;i the conii'f.iy, ho lelt obliged to
the President for bringing it to the notice ot Con-
gress. AH that lie meant to ray «•?.«, that his
course had been taken out of icpect for bis own
constituents, and m consrqe.t r.ce of petitions on
the subject piesented by them; and that he did n't
need Executive influence to mdoce Hm to per-
severe.
He desired to address himself, ?s he said jester-
day, to what he cons-dered a gr-Mt and important
principle in the American Government; ana to no-
tice also, the views that had been taken in reia'ion
to 'this matter by the honorable and vn "r?-
ble gentleman from Mas«scnuset's, whose weight
of charaeter attached importance to his ar-
gument, and the method and manner in which he
I had thought proper to state those view, to the
Ho^tse. He would ra'hfr, however, in the first
place, submit his own views of the sobjeoi,
(though he might thereby lose what he desired to
( say in reply to the honorable gentleman,) and re-
turn to him after he had done with that part of the
subject. , .
The report that he bad the honor to submit to
the Houses sine) the bill accompanying it, carefully
exonerated the judge who imposed the fine from
all censure; and he endeavored to comply with
what appeared to hitn a sense of justice as well as
of propriety in presenting the -facts of the case,
without casting the slightest doubt upon what was
admitted by all—and that was, the supremacy of
the laws. There could be no liberty without law;
and he wished to be distinctly understood as dis-
claiming everything like the remotest intention of,
in any manner, impairing the obligations of law.
With these views he would, therefore, distinctly
say, (without designing to impugn the motives of
the judge,) now that the matter had been forced on
him by the arguments of the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts:—and enforced, too, m a strain
of contumely and obloquy on the commanding gen-
eral who was the subject of this debate—that the
fine he sought to have refunded was not imposed
by the authority of law. He desired to meet the
issue tendered by the gentleman before the Ameri-
can peof lej and, as a lawyer, he took his stand on
the principle that, if they did not refund this mon-
ey, ihe Congress of the United States we.uld sanc-
tion a judicial usurpation infinitely more danger-
ous than martial law in all its most odious cir-
cumstances. We have (said Mr. I.) a pamphlet
put into our hands, entitled '-Martial Law, by a
Kentuckian;" the author of which he did not know,
and of whom ha did not wish to speak in terms of
dtsiespect, but who, it seemed to him, did not un-
derstand the subject upon which he wrote. It ap-
peared to him that the argument in that pamphlet
wtis fallacious, the positions unsound, and the as-
sumptions extremely dangerous. He would read,
from the third 01 fourth column, the following sen-
tence:
"Thti Crfricrul was airaigne.il before the court without the m
lervenuon of a juiy,Jjuf according to law and universal usage
oi all courts of piance, and ordered to pay n fine," &o.
Sir, (said Mr. I.) I deny the truth of the principle
there laid down, and consider it as infinitely more
dangerous than martial law, of which we have
heaid so much. There is no such law, ,-ind I
undertake to convince this country of the truth
of my insertion. He knew, (Mr. I. continued.)
what the f'pte of this bill was to be—that it would
fail; but if it did fail on the principles advanced
by ilia gentleman from Massachusetts, that the
imposition of the fine on General Jackson was a
righteous judgment—if it failed on the principle
advanced m the Kentucky pamphlet which he had
just referred to—then he would say that it failed on
no principle of law, but on principles infinitely
more to be dreaded than the exercise of authority
umier martial law. He repeated that he discern-
ed anv intention of casting imputations on the mo-
tives 'of the Judga. He would cast that aside.
Nay, he would cast aside the General himself;
strip htm of his ttiumphs ind the laurels he had
gained, and let him be taken as the vilest malefac-
tor, and liable to punishment. But what pght had
any jU'ige m thu country to take a man by
his mandate, and, dispensing with the tried by jury,
t i pt-M him lo torture to compel him to answer, (for
that was torlure;) and if he did not, to inflict on
htm a fine ai libitum? If he could do that, he
rrJp.ht imprison hiso as well as fine; and, sir, why
, not t rtuie him? Why not torture him to deathl
| Why not qucttion him upon the rack? It was all
' comprised m this judicial dr-cretion which the Kenl
I tucky pamphlet talked of. He challenged al-
the lawyers in the House o that issue. He meant
to go betere the couniry with the issue, that if
the-' did not «-ive buk ihis money to the General,
which was thus un'awfully taken from him,
th'.u h he might have been a thief, a liurderer—
nav," the vilc-t criminal in existence—'he;-' sanc-
tioned the gro sest judicial usurpation. The Judge
proceeded m what Kir. Burke called the best and
n;0,',t Buthentic absurdity of form to administer the
English cc niwon law of contemp's. But was Eng-
lish" common law the law of Louisiana? Was Eng-
lish common law the law of the United States?
Would any lawyer pretend that it was? The Su-
preme Court, m two cases, which Mr. I. quoted,
had decided that the common law is not the law
of the United States. Sir, (said Mr. I >) w®s
no law whatever for this, which was called, by the
gentleman from Massachusetts a righteous judg-
ment. For this there was no law whatever, bat
the monstrous principle that it was-good for &
judge to enlarge his authority, and to protect tats
power.
If there was no English law, then, and no statute
law for this judgment, are we (said Mt. I.) to be
thrown upon the civil law? Are we to be thrown
upon that mixture of the law of Louisiana,
which is English, and Spanish, and French?
What would be the consequence? Why, martial
law was part ei the civil law; we take leave of
that of England; we are no longer in Saxon-
dom, but we are in the countries of Roman,
Spanish, and French jurisprudence—countries of
the auto da je and of military powei; and the
Judge acted under the very law which the gen-
eral was censured for declaring. He desired (Mr.
I. said) to be told what authority this Judge had
for this righteous judgment. He knew that it
was very easy for a brother judge, or a bigoted
lawyer, to make out a justification for him; and, as
applicable to the readiness with which some of the
legal profession \vould sanction such abuses of ju-
dicial power, he begged leave to quote a passage
or two from Mr. Hallam, the best writer on con-
stitutional law that he knew. Mr. I. then read the
following:
'■Time changes anomaly into system, and injury into right,
example begeis custom, and custom vi|oens .Jri'!
doubtful piecedent of one generation, becomes the fundamental
™ "V^ththe'^sunVbigotry of lawyers defending every preten-
si on or abuse to which their received standards of authority
give a sanction.'*
Yes, sir, (said Mr. I.,) that is what emboldened
the Kentucky pamphleteer to say that "the General
was arraigned before the court, without the interven*
tion of a jury, but according to the universal usage
of courts of justice, ani ordered to pay a fine."
He knew that he was speaking here in the pres-
ence of a great majority of the profession of which
he was an humble member, of which be desired to
speak without disparagement; but guarding against
the bigotry of a profession defending every pre-
tension or abu=>e to which, their received standards
of authority gave sanction.
Sir, (said Mr. I.,) the moment we come to the
principles and elements of justice, without what
Mr. Jefferson called "lubberly law books," there
is no foundation of this righteous judgment?
Would it be eudured in any State in the
Union? Every gentleman knew that, in 1831,
an act of Congress was passed limiting the pow-
ers of the courts in cases of contempts, and
restricting the exercise of their authority in such
cases to iheir own officers, attorneys, and witnesses,
or to direct obstruction of their administration.
Why, when this Judge returned to New Orleans, did
he not bring his action of trespass against the
commanding general? Why did he make the law
in his own case, administer the law, and execute
the law? Are we, (said Mr. I.,) the Congress of
the United States at this time, to keep in our pos-
session a fund extorted in this way4? He wished
to avoid this question; but it had been forced on
him by the arguments of the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts; and he met it, therefore,
without hesitation. He denied that there was any
law to sustain the Judge in bis arbitrary pro-
ceedings. He denied that any judge had the right
to proceed in this way. He denied that there was
any statute or any common law to justify htm.
He denied that there was any law whatever, un-
less they fell into those codes of which martial
law was a portion. Mr. I. then referred to the
bills passed refunding the fines imposed "on Holt
and Lyon, under tbe alien and sedition laws, in con-
sequence of the pi evading opinion that those laws
were unjust and tyrannical. Mr. I., after a few
more observations on this branch of the subject,
explained what he considered martial law to be;
premising that he dissented from Mr. Kendall's
article in the Democratic Review, (which had
been put into his hands since he began to address
the House,) as well as the opinions of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts on this subject. He also
