in
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
explained the distinction between martial and mil-
itary law. Martial law, according to his ideas,
was nothing more than extreme necessity. A dec-
laration of war authorizes every species and con-
trivance of destruction, as the inevitable means of
ulterior good. It is ihe law of mere and sheer
necessity, substituted for all common, enacted, or
judicial iaw—analogous to the cases of self-protec-
tion from personal violence, when life may be
ft ken in self-defence, relying on future justification
by due course of law. General Jackson found
himself wnb an undisciplined and inferior force
before a large army, composed of well-disciplined
veterans, stimulated by the promise of "beauty and
booty," from whom it was indispensably necessary,
and his uuty, to save the city and inhabitants com-
mitted to his charge; and he was, by the same
principle, constituted the best, if not the only, judge
of what was indispensably necessary. Under these
circumstances, be proclaimed mariial law, assu-
ming the responsibility, throwing himself upon the
justice of his country for his justification. Mar-
" tial law, then, was the law of extreme necessity—
sueh as would authorize any individual to arrest,
without waiting for the process of a magistrate, a
man who was about to commit a murder, or fire a
bouse.
Mr. I. said, that in Blackstone's Commentaries,
and in Hale, these principles would be found phi-
losophically and satisfactorily explained. He dis-
avowed Mr. Adams's doctrine, that martial law is
the constant attendant ot' war; and Mr. Kendall's
position, that martial iaw is always the law of a
camp in time of war. He agreed in the principle
asserted by Mr. Livingston, as his opinion was
given in Mr. Kendall's view of this subject—that
martial law, distinguishable from military law, is
the occasional and temporary application of ex-
treme force to the furtherance of a great belligerent
purpose. General Jackson's proclamation of mar-
tial law was nothing more than notice that the state
of things in New Orleans required the application
cf that absolute power which dispensed with all the
ordinary course cf law, and that he assumed the
responsibility of making such application.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. I. asked
a few minutes longer, to enable him to finish what
he had to say.
Objections being made, with cries of "Go on; go
on"—
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to suspend the rules;
which motion prevailing—
Mr. INGERSOLL continued; and, after further
commeniins; on martial law, and explaining the
distinction between it and the ordinary laws
•if war, he proceeded to express his regrets at
the manner and tendency of the remarks of
the gen'.leman from Massachusetts on (his sub-
ject, very different from the manner in which one
past President should speak of another, and con-
trary to what Gen. Jackson would do under like
circumstances as to Mr. Adams. He hoped that
hs, upon reflection, would regret many things that
he had said,and would think that many partsof his
speech had better have been left unsaid. He [Mr.
Adams] had characterized the refunded fine as a
pension to a past President; which was not a candid
view of it. But suppose it was: had not the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts lately voted a much
larger pension to the widow of another past Presi-
dent? which surely was a much stronger case.
Mr. I. had voted with him on that occasion, and
felt no regret at having done so, as he believed it
was right, as he had heard the late Wm. Lowndes
say that pensions, when individuated by act of
Congress, are not inconsistent with our republican
Government. The venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts himself is in fact a pensioned past
President, for he enjoy.«, by virtue of that office,
the franking privilege, which, though small in
amount, is the same thing in piinciple. After
thus, with an ungenerous fling, denouncing an act
of justice as a pension, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts next proceeded to speak contemptuously
of it as a donation, which be (Mr. I.) al?o emphati-
cally denied it to be
Sir, (said Mr. I.) I envy the gentleman from
Massachusetts his large instrumentality, first as
Secretary sf State, and afterwards as President of
the United States, in that most munificent of re-
publican donations, the grant to Lafayette; and I
trust that that venerable gentleman would not
ra'her bfstow on a French foreigner than his own
immediate countryman such donations as the re-
wards of inestimable public service.
Lastly, and worse than all, the gentleman spoke
of it as a charity, after a night's reflection on the
subject; and contumeliously said that he would give
a farthing of alms to the war-worn veteran—"Dale
obolum Belisario." If this sarcastic charity had been
even charitably mentioned, there might be some ex-
cuse for it; but as it fell from the venerable member,
I submit to his own sense of charity, that it was
an uncharitable sarcasm. General Jackson needs
no charity—no pecuniary help; all he desires is,
that Congress should wipe a stain from his renown—
should not suffer him to go to posterity, and be
tarnished in history as a violator of law and
usurper of despotic power. Mr. I. regretted, for
the honor of the country, that one ex-President
should speak in such terms of contumely of another.
Mr. I. next referred to Mr. Adams's admirable
vindication of Gsneral Jackson for his invasion of
Florida, and his course with regard to Al'buthnot
and Ambrister, which he said was so powerful and
luminous an argument on the necessity of the case,
that the British Government was satisfied, and con-
vinced that, if we had not law, we had justice on
our side.
Invading the Spanish territories without order
or authority, capturing their forts, hanging an In-
dim chief withssut the form of trial, executing two
British interlopers, after a mere form rf trial—all
the hiqh handed, but justifiable proceedings of
Gen. Jackson in his Seminole campaign, were jus-
tified by Mr. Secretary Adams, on the same plea of
indispensable necessity for the public safety which
Mr. I. now avserted as the General's justification,
lie did not refer to this probably the best of all
Mr. Adams's slate-papers, m order to infer from
it inconsistency with lhat gentleman's present po-
sition, but a. the true doctrine then, as it was in
1815 After a few further observations, Mr. I.'s
hour expired.
Mr. W. 0. BUTLER next obtained the floor,
but was precluded from addresang the House by
the expiration of the morning hour.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN KENTUCKY.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on ihe slate cf the Union, (Mr. McKennan in the
chair,) and took up "A bill to divide the State of
Kentucky into two judicial districts."
At the sugge.stion of Mr. FILLMORE, the bill
was so amended r.s to fix the salaries of the mar-
shals and attorneys at $200 per annum, instead of
"the same as allowed in other districts."
Mr. FES3ENDEN made an ineffectual effort
to have taken up a bill to change the judicial dis-
trict in Maine.
The cummittec then rese, and reported the bill to
the House.
The amendment fixing the compensation of the
marshals and attorneys at the stated sum of $200
was adopted, and the bill ordered to its engross-
ment.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved that the House go
into committee on the bill in relation to the judicial
districts of Maine.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that ihe
House go into committee for the purpose of taking
up the bill to establish an additional land district
in Mississippi, and urged the necessity of a speedy
passage of the said bill.
After some conversation between various mem-
bers and the Speaker,
Mr. FESSENDENmoved that the House resolye
itself into a Committee of the Whole generally.
The motion was not carried.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Philip Ren-
ault came up in order.
Mr. B1RDSEYE addressed the House at length
in favor of the bill.
At'the request of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the
bill was informally passed over, in order to take up
the following bdl, the objection made to which had
been withdrawn •
"A bill supplementary to the act of the 24th
May, 1828, to continue a copyright to John Row-
lett."
It was ordered to its engrossment, and then read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. PARMENTER withdrew his objections to
the bill for the relief of Wm. D. Smith.
The discussion of the bill for the relief of the
heirs of Philip Renault was resumed, and continued
by Mr. MOORE in favor of, and Mr. WM. COST
JOHNSON against the claim.
At twenty minutes past 3, Mr. TILLINGHAST
obtained the floor; but the desire for an adjourn-
ment was so great, that he was obliged to yield the
A motion for an adjournment was made, but
momentarily withdrawn at the request of several
gentlemen.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following reso-
lution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the letter of Jeremiah Lukins to J. R. Un#
derwood be referred to the Committee for the District af Co-
lumbia, with instructions to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing for the Government the clock mentioned in said
letter.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS offered the following res-
olution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the map of the western boundary of Mis-
souri, made out by Seth Lea, accompanying the feport of
said survey, be Sprinted, ptovided the printing of said map
shall not exceed $6 per hundred copies.
Mr. BRIGG-S attempted to introduce a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on Accounts to al-
low pay to such members of the House as might
have been detained from its service by sickness,
or who should have started from home in time to
have reachcd the Capitol by the first Monday in
December, and were prevented by snows, floods,
upsetting, accidents, and other impediments.
The resolution was objected to.
Mr. M. BROWN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave, at the earliest opportunity, to intro-
duce "a bill to authotize the appointment of a dis-
trict judge for the district of West Tennessee, and
the northern district of Mississippi."
The SPEAKER submitted several Executive
communications, viz:
A communication from ths War Department,
in answer to a resolution of the House, calling for
infoimation as to ihe practicability of draining the
everglades of Florida: referred to the Committee
on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, asking for an appropriation to carry into ef-
fect the act of the 9th August, 1842, for the re-
lief of David M. Hughes, Charles Shipman, and
John Henderson: laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. CUSHING, the House then
f.djourned.
Mr. CROSS, under the resolution of the House
adopted on the subject, referred to the appropriate
committees the following petitions, to wit:
The petition of Joseph Wilson, of Phillips
conniy, Arkansas, praying the allowance of a pen-
sion.
The petition of sundry citizens jof Independence
and S arcy counties, in said Slate, for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Batesville to Leba-
non; and
The petition of Elizabeth Davis, praying indem-
nity for property destroyed by British soldiers in
the destruction of the Treasury building in 1814.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 9, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tem■ laid before the Senate
a communication from the Post Office Department,
transmitting a report in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of 27th July last, showing what
reduction of the number of miles on which post-
ages are now charged, in the several cases designated
by law, would be nccessary to introduce the Feder-
al coinage, so as not to diminish the aggregate
revenues of the Post Office Department; which was,
on motion by Mr. MERRICK, referred to the Com-
mit ee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and order-
ed to be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of Wi consin, concerning
