CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
133
the propriety of holding the present session of that
Assembly, and condemning the course of the Gov-
ernor in refusing to meet it; which, on motion of
Mr, ALLEN, was ordered to be priced, and refer-
red to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CONRAD presented a memorial from Wm.
A. Bradley, and other citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia, praying that an association may bo incor-
porated in Washington city, to be called the Gas-
light Company: referred to ihe Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial from John
Gregory & Co., merchants, of New Orleans, pray-
ing that they mav be indemnified for a certain sum
o£ money which was transmitted by the United
States mail, and lost between the cities of New
Orleans and New York; which was referred to tbe
Committee on the Pest Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from sev-
eral merchants of New York, urging that the
bankrupt Jaw is unconstitutional, destructive of the
rights of the creditor, and praying for its uncondi-
tional repeal: referred to the Committee on ihe Ju-
diciary.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial from mer-
chants of New York, praying for such a modifica-
tion of the tariff of duties on cottons as will enable
trade to be carried on in fine cottons. Also, a me-
morial. from certain hardware merchant!, of the
city of New York, praying such a modification of
the tariff of duties on hardware as to give a prop-
er ad valorem duty on imports of that character;
■which memorials were referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented memorials from
citizens of Norwich, Wooster, and Donaldsonville,
Connecticut, praying an appropriation to remove
obstructions from, and to improve the navigation
of the Thames river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. H. also presented a memorial from citizens
of the United States, praying Congress to pass a
law extending the time allowed by law for laying
down railroad iron imported free of duty: referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Also, presented a memorial fromsundiy proprie-
tors, captain?, agents, and pilots in the several
lines of steamboats plying to and from the eity of
New York, praying that the law requiring iron
rods to be used fore and aft 011 board of steamboats,
be modified so as to enable hemp to be used for
tiller ropes, &c.; and praying that they may be re-
lieved from the penalties incurred under the law:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, it wss order-
ed that the petition of Charles Larabee, for an in-
crease of pension, be u.ken from tbe files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, it wan ordered ihat
the memorial of the president and directors of the
Georgetown College,praying for an ?.ct of incorpora-
tion, be taken from the tiles, and referred to the
Committee on ihe District of Columbia.
Mr. CRAFTS presented lesolutions adopted by
the Legislature ot Vermont, requesting the Rep-
resentatives and instructing the Senators from that
State to vote for the repral of the bankrupt law:
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, resolutions responding to the resolutions
passed by the Legislature of New York, m favor
of tbe abolition of the franking privilege, and in
favor of a reduction of the rates of U tter postage,
and instructing their Senators to vote accordingly,
referred to the Committee on ths Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, resolutions passed by that Legislature, re-
questing the Representatives, and instructing their
Senators from that State, to vote for the extension,
for five years, of the law granting commutation to
widows: referred to the Committee ori Pensions.
Also, resolutions passei by the Lfgislature of
that Slat® in favor of abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia snil the Ti-rri'ones.
The question of recep'ion was raised; when
Mr. KING moved to lay that question on the
table.
Mr. TAPPAN said, if he understood the mat-
ter, it was not an abolition petition, but the resolu-
tion of ths Legislature of a sovereign State—Ver-
mont; and was not, therefore involved within the
rule.
The CHAIR remarked that resolutions of the
Legislatures of the States, upon the subject of
abolition, fell under the operations of the rule, to
the same extent as abolition petitions.
The question was-then put on the motion to lay
the question of reception on the table, and decided
in the affirmative.
Mr. TAPPAN presented Ihe credentials of his
friend and colleague, Wm. Allen, who has been
elected by the Legislature of Ohio a Senator in the
Congress of the United States for a term of six
years from the 4th of March, 1843.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial against the
repeal of the bankrupt law; which was referred to
the Judiciary Committee,
Also presented a memorial, signed by 180 mer-
chants, traders, and mechanics of Alexandria, ask-
ing Congesss to recharter the Bank of the Po-
tomac and the Farmers' Bank of Alexandria for
a period of ten years: referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FULTON presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of the State of Arkansas requesi-
ing the Representative and instructing the Sena-
tors from that State to vote for the bill to refund to
Gereral Jackson the fine and costs impoml on him
by Judge Hall at New Orleans.
Mr. FULTON expressed a hope, as so tnanv
resolutions of instruction from the Legislatures of
the States had been presented on the subject of this
fine, (which had been so unjustly imposed,) that the
bill would be speedily acted upon in the Judiciary
Committee, reported to the Senate, arid finally
passed.
Mr. F. also presented resolutions from the same
source, in favor of further appropriations to com-
plete the forts on the frontiers of Arkansa1: refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, it was or-
dertd that the prtirion of Joseph Catnpeau, in rela-
tion to a claim to land, be taken from the files ot
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr, W. aho presented a petition from John R.
Williams, praying that a wnrra-n 'or a certain
iract of land may be patented: lel'tired 10 the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial numer-
ously signed by citizens of Richmond, Virginia,
urging that the bankrupt law was destitu-.tive of
all confidence between man and man, axi asking
for its unconditional repeal: refeired to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. KERR presented a memorial from a large
number of the c.Pzens of Baltimore, against the
repeal of the bankrupt law; which was referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee 011 Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass
Hou-e bill for the relief of Samuel Hambleton;
and
House bill for the relief of the administrator of
John Jackson.
Aiso, reported back from the same committee,
House bill for the relief of Dexter Hungerford, of
Watertown, Jefferson county, New Yi'ik, with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report 011 the petition of Samuel
Grice, praying for indemnity for property lost in
Florida; which w?.s ordered to be printed and laid
on the table.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee 011 Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an advene tcport on the pe-
tition of Ezekiel Wade, praying remuneration for
property destroyed during the revolutionary war;
and an adverse report on the petition of Lucretia
Haymaker, heir-at-law of John Bowen, lor bounty
land; which report? were ordered to be printed, and
laid on the table.
Mr. BAYARD from ihe Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the
bill to regula'e enlistments in the army, navy, and
marine corps.
Mr. CONRAD, submitted the fbliow|hg resolu-
tion, which lies over for the present:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs to, in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing bo, much
of the act, entitled "An act respecting the organiiSatidh ofitfie
army, and for other purposes," passed August #3, t&t2; as.pro;
vides that the second regiment of dragoons shall, from and alter
the 4th day of March next, be converted ilito~a reginynt 01
riflemen. '
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to- com-
municate to the Senate such information as may be ili the pos-
session of the War Department, not heretofore communicated,
relative to any existing impediment to the convenient nayjga-
tionoflake St. Clair, and relative to the sufflcieitcy of the
harbors, and safety of the commerce, on the upper takes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, House
bill entitled "An act for the payment of seven
companies of Georgia militia for services rendered
in tbe years 1840 and 1841."
Also, reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendatioti
that it do not pass, the bill for the relief of Thom-
as Copeland. " •
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
the Senate why the appropriation made by Congress, at the
last session, for Fort Livingston, in the State of Louisiana, ha 
been withheld from the officer superintending the construction
of that work; and, also, by virtue of what law, or by Whofee au-
thority, said appropriation was withheld; and whether the ap-
propriation has been expended on any of the military, defends
of tbe country: and, also, that he inform the Senate whether
the completion of Fort Livingston is not indispensably heces.
sary to the military defence of New Orleans.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs,reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do not pass,
the bill to refund the balances due Massachusetts
for disbursements during the late war.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Com-
mittee on Militaiy Affairs was dischaiged from the
further consideration of the petition of Dr. E.
Worrell, late assistant surgeon in the army of the
the United Sta'es, praying to be restored to his
late rank in the army.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stmcted 10 inquire into the expediency of so modifying the
existing laws that the circuit court of the United States for
the district of Connecticut shall be held on the third Tuesday
of September and the fourth Tuesday m April, in each year, In-
stead of the time now provided by law.
Several adverse reports from committees were
then taken up and concurred in.
Engrossed bill entitled "An act for the relief of
the claimants to the indemnity received from the
British Government for slaves taken from on
board of the brigs Comet and Encomium, at Nas-
sau, New Providence," was read the tbird time
and passed.
Engrossed bill entitled "An act for the relief of
person1, residing within the reputed limits of the
Stales of Arkansas and Louisiana, and beyond the
boundary line between the United States and tbe
Republic of Texas, as established by the commis-
sioners appointed for that purpose," was read the
thud time and passed.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
Sir. Linn's bill for the occupation and settle-
ment of the Territory of Oregon, came up as the
postponed business of last week, appointed for fur-
ther consideration on this day.
Mr. CALHOUN inquired what was the pend-
ing question.
Tne CHATR said it was on the. passage of the
bill. It had boon read a third time.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that he had been
greatly gratified to learn that the Senator from Mis-
souri, who introduced the bill, disclaimed any in-
tention that its provisions should conflict with tbe
provisions of our treaties with Great Britain, It
was for the purpose of obtaining time to compare
these provis:ons, and to satisfy himself that they
did not corflict, that he had af.ked a postponement
tfthe bill to this day. He had since examined both
the provisions of the bill and of the treaties in re-
lation to the Northwest Territory; and the result
of h;s investigation was, that there was one pro-
vision in the bill which would conflict with, ihe.ex-
isting treaty with Great Britain in relation to . this
