CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13S
was correct in supposing that the resolution of the
Committee of Ways and Means was a negative
proposition. The committee passed only on the
subject that was presented to them. It would be
perceived, however, that the minority of the com-
mittee had offered an amendment, instructing the
committee to bring forward a bill—he supposed the
sub-treasury—and a substantive proposition would,
therefore, be before the House when the subjcct
came up. In answer to the gentleman's question,
he wouId-say that he Was no*, aware that the com-
mittee intended to bring forward any bill, unless
instructed by the House. He hoped the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, to refer
the subject to the Committee of the Whole, to be
covered up by the exchequer bill of the select com-
mittee, would not prevail; as it would deprive the
House of giving its opinion, by a direct vote on the
proposition which carne from the Secretary of the
Treasury, recommended by the Executive.
Mr. CUSHTNGf, iti reply, contended that it was
ejpected by the House that the committee should
make a report containing a plan for the safekeep-
ing and disbursement of the public money, as well
as a plan of currency; and that it was (heir duty
to make such a report. Now, the report was not
merely a negative report, but a very particular
kind of negative report. What did it say? Why,
simply that it was not expedient to adopt this par-
ticular plan. Had the committee, then, discharged
their duty to the House? Had they investigated
this broad subject, that was committed to them, in
all its park? Had they met the expectations of
the country? Or had they met only the limited
question of how the revenue was to be kept? Com-
pare the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means with the report of the minority of ihe same
committee. The minority saw ihe duty they had
to perform—that it was to consider the message of
the President of the United States, in reference to
this subject, in all its pans; and they performed it
—presenting a substantial pioposition for the con-
sideration of the House, Under these circum-
stances, he hoped the reference of the whole sub-
ject would be made to the Committee of the Whole
—where a bill in relation to it was already pend-
ing.
How were the moneys. of the United States to
be kept? In what form were they to be deposited?
And under what instructions, and with what lim-
itations? None of these was presented by the act
of 1779; bui, in the absence of the act of the last
Congress, called the independent treasury act, and
of the other act which expired by its own limita-
tion, they were left to stand on Ihe discretion of
the Treasurer of the United States.
Mr. EVERETT rose to a question of order.
The question was on the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole; and he wished to know if the
whole merits of Ihe finances of the country were
in order for discussion.
Mr. CUSHING insisted iliat he was ri?.hi; but
if the gentleman from Vermont thought he was
wrong, let him put his point of order into writing.
But ihe gentleman from Vermont assumed what
was not true; for he (Mr. C.) was not stating the
whole question.
The SPEAKER interposed, as was understood,
to intimate lhat the gentleman from Massachusetts
was not oat of order.
Mr. CUSHlNGt resumed. He wai of opinion
that the majority of the committee were right in
the view tht y had laken of ihs subject, and that it
was the duty of the majority not merely to bring
into the House a proportion to negative a bill-
that was not ihe duty assigned to ihem—iheir duty
was larger and higher; it was to present to the
House a measure—a measure which the interest*
of the Government demanded, and a measure
which ihe country calls for at the hands of' this
Congress. This they had not attempted to do. He
would not say that they had neglected their duty;
bat they had not performed Ihe du'y er,joined by
that House. Wha', then, was the proposition, and
the object of the proposition, as staled by the gen-
tleman from New York? There they hat a fur
ther development of the purposes entertained by
that committee. The gentleman objected to go
nto Committee of the Whole on that report—and
why? Why, that if they did, that negative resolu-
tion would be overlaid. How? By legislation on
the part of the House. Well, was not that what
they were bound to do? Were they to spend their
time in discussiDg abstract propositions? What
was to be gained by retaining ihat negative resolu-
tion in the House for discussion, instead of taking
up ihe resolution for practical legislation? They
should not only take up the resolution, and inquire
and discuss it; they should not only inquire whether
a particular measure ought to pass; but they
should go far beyond that—they should look into
the whole scope of legislation, and inquire not
only whether a particular bill ought, or ought not,
to pass; but whether there was not some form
of bill which should pass, and of which a
majority of the House could be found to approve.
His (Mr. Coshino's) proposition was, that this
subject should be put in a form for practical legis-
lation, and not for mere abstract t-'i'cussion of a
pariy issue on a particular bill. It seemed to him
that it was not only the course of wisdom and of
expediency, but of duty, to refer this whole matter
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, that a bill—it wa3 immaterial what
bill, nor did he ssy it should be any particular
bill—should be taken up. The gentleman from
New York said his object was to have a direct
vote of the House on the plan; but, if he wished
to make so narrow an issue, it would be compe-
tent for him to make it in the House; after they
should have been in committee on the whole ques-
tion, in a practical form, in which there could be
legislation. But, no; his object was to prevent
legislation. Did Ihe gentleman from New York
desire to aland forth as ihe chairman of Ways and
Means in lhat character, and say that that House
was bound to tefuse to make any attempt to legis-
late on the currency? He (Mr. Cdsiiing) hoped
lhat, instead of sanctioning such a proceeding—in-
stead of promoting a fancy discussion on a fancy
resolution, he would consent that at the earliest
possible day the House should go into Committee
of the Whole, and attempt to pass some measure
during this session cf Congress.
Mr. ARNOLD said he understood the question
now was simply to print; and he thought if Ihis
majority and this minority report were before them,
in addition to the report which they got from the
select committee nearly twelve months ago, they
would understand the merits of the propositions
much better. He hoped, therefore, that Ihe print-
ing would be ordered, and he now moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PICKENS askrd the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw that motion, to allow him to
make one or two observations in reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, which he thought
would satisfy even him.
Mr. AKNOLD consented, on condition lhat the
gentleman from South Carolina would renew it.
Mr. PICKENS said the report new befoie the
House from ihe Committee ot Ways and Means,
was not for the purpose of overlaying a bill, but
was in ihe nature ot a negative proposition, and
therefore, to effect the purpose ot the gentleman
from Massachusetts in a more cflicient tri' de, «as
to let it take iis course, and vote upon it in the
House by yeas and nays.
Mr. WISE inquired if it was ihe intention of
the Commune of Ways and Means 10 report a
measure, or was it intended to do nothing more
lhan submit a negative proposition?
Mr. PICKENS did not know what the commit-
tee intended lo do, except so far as their report-
stated.
Mr. WISE inquired if they had such a proposi-
tion under consideration.
Mr. PICKENS again referred the gentleman
from Virginia to the report of ihe comm'itce for
an exposition of their views end intentions; and
ihen repeated, that in the House, on this report,
they would get specific action. He did not wi?h to
foreclose the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Cushing] on his own bill; on the contrary he (Mr
P.) wished that gentleman's bill to have a f«ir
hearing and discussion in the Ommittee of the
Whole; and he agreed with the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Gushing] that this resolution
was merely negative against the bill reported by
the Secretary of the Treasury, between which and
the bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts
there was a material and distinct difference, as
there was between that gentleman's bill and all
others. He was willing that the gentleman from
Massachusetts should go ipto Committee of the
Whole on his bill; but on this bill of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to which they felt such particular
objections, he wished specific action in the House ■
by yeas and nays, in a tangible shape; and if
the gentleman from Massachusetts wished for
action by the House, he would agree with him, and
not commit it lo the Committee of the Whole. He
concluded by moving the previous question, in con-
formity with his promise.
Some conversation ensued on the operation of
the previous question, and Mr. Arnold was in-
duced to withdraw his motion.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON said, if they had been
forced by the previous question to vote oa this
resolution, they should have voted while they were
profoundly ignorant of the long written arguments •
of the several branches of the committee, which
had not even been read by any gentleman, except
such as were members of the committee—possibly
only by the gentleman who wrote the argument.
He was, therefore, opposed to giving a vote upon
it, while he had not had an opportunity to examine
the arguments which the reports contained. He
also objected to vote on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from NewYork—for the single reason, lhat
it was presented to the House in the attitude, not
of active legislation, but of a mere negative prop-
osition, on which they might consume the time of
the House, and, when it was disposed of, they
would be as far from a settlement of the question
as when ihey referred it to the Committee of
Ways and Means, at the beginning of the session.
Foreseeing such a result as that which they had
witnessed, he voted against the reference of that
portion of ihe President's message to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
It was now seen lhat it was not the purpose of
the eormniuee to recommend any specific plan; and
he asked, what was to be gained by this proposi-
tion of that committee? It was a negative mode
of tel'ing ihe Hou^e that they preferred seeing Con-
f.re;s adjourn to the adoption of any plan, or that
there was neither capacity nor will in ihe House to
meet the question directly, and to give a specific
ar,d taogible vote upon it. He knew how difficult
the question was of settlement; but still he thought
it was the duty of the House to present a specific
proposition for its action, and to test its sense, that
the country might see whether there was a majority .
in favor of any plan whatever. For that reason,
he could not see how any progress could be made
in legislation by voting on the proposition of the
chairman of ihe Committee of Ways and Means;
and, while he would cheerfully vote to print the
reports, ihat they might have every advantage from
them, he could not, and would not, agree to con-
sume some two weeks in a discussion oa a nega-
tive proposition, which, when the vote was taken,
would bring them no nearer to its settlement than
they were at the commencement of the session.
Mr. BOTl'S said, while, of the plans proposed,
he should prefer a United States bank, he must re-
call the House to the simple question before them,,
which was merely one of prin'ing ihe reports, and
not of the adoption o'' the resolution of either the
majority or the minority ot the committee. What
was the resolution of the majority? It was sim-
ply a negative proposition, ihat it was not expedi-
ent, lo adopt the plan recommended. And what
was the proposition of the gentleman from New
Hampshire? Jt was to bring in a specific plan,
which was substantially the sub-treasury. Now,
was it not competent for the gentleman to move
that specific plan in Committee of the Whole? If,
therefore, Ihey would keep these two subjects sep-
arate, and confine themselves to the question of
printing, they mtfhl at once decide it.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was not surprised
at the haste wiih which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had attacked the report just laid on
(heir table, before there was even lime to read
it, or to know its contents. The honorable gentle-
