140
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thcit principles, and leave the Whig: parly to take
care of themselves. The principles they once held
were right: let them : tick to their principles, and
let the o'hers stick* to theirs; Set the Admiai' tration
go on ax it chose, it wnisld be over in a little time;
and, in his opinion, when it was over, arid the his-
tory of this country came to be written, this Ad-
ministration—for some of the . members of which
he felt the higheit respect—would be a scrt of
parenthesis, [a laugh,] which, on looking into the
grammar books, fc'ould be found to be a passage
which might be left out without injury to the sense.
[Prolonged laughter.]
-He (Mi. M.) hvt held on to the Administration
as long as he possibly cauld, as a Whig Adm nis-
tration; and he was one who believed that Mr.
Tyler, although he had been called a traitor, and
denounced for having deserted his party, honestly
and sincerely disagreed in judgment, and enter-
tained opposite sentiments from those of a majority
of the Whig party. He believed Mr. Tyler to be
a lower Virginian of the later platonic school. [A
laugh.] He had never entertained the idea of Mr.
Tyler being an -out-and-out Whig, from the mo-
ment of Gen. Harrison's death. Mr. Tyler, if he
knew anything of his history, was once a Jackson-
man, and quitted the Admmistra'ion parly on ac-
count of the difficulties which grew out of the
questions of State rigU's and of Nullification.
Mr. Tyler was a Jacksonman when he (Mr. M.)
was in opposition to Gen. Jackson's policy, and he
was against Gen. Jackson when he (Mr. M.) was
on his fide.
He was not at the Harrlsburg convention, but
he had swallowed the ticket agreed upon by the
Whig party; he had taken it all down. Out of
Congress, he alway.-, did whales er the Whips told
him. [A laugh.J And h.. would do so m Con-
gress, if theie was not a higher obligation resting
upon him. With a c: rtam class of politicians—
politicians of the strict constructionist school —
a passage from an old letter ot Mr. Jefferson, of
but three lines separated from the con ext, was of
higher obligation tlm'i the Constitution itself. He
never supposed that Mr. Tyh.r would give his as-
Sent to any bank system, until he saw the mes-
sage which recommended this exchequer plan.
Never, until then, had htf any hope that the Presi-
dent would sign any bank bill. '/Whenever be heard
Virginiapjliticiaus talking about the law of the land,
and about th^ opinion.; ol the lathers 11 that school
of politics, he confessed that he always §.<t scared.
But the new doctrine vent still /ariher. The older
politicians, ij he u"dep,to<.'d ik-m, never held such
doctrine. They were strict e.-iis.ructioniits, to be
sure; but they never held th.it the power to incor-
porate a bank was uriconsuiunoual b can:.? no
such power was delegated by the Constitution.
What was the doctrine they now heard? That lh"
powers of this (ioverinm-ru were supreme, abso-
lute, and irresistible within the ten miles square;
and that a law pass-.d by C ingress miuht be ex-
tended to the S'aies, by the as.ent ef'ihe State
Legislature.*; or, m other word.-., a law mi t!t be
passed by compact between the General Govern-
ment and ihe State Legislature; and the Sena-
tor irom Massachusetts had ^ndor^ed that doctrine.
He had not been aware ot the ex'itesce of this dec-
trine until within a f:vv months; and yet, it oppw
ed, it was one of the peculiar doctrines o! <h-s Ad-
ministration.
He had never h-ard th: Democratic party take
this ground, and on th.s noun he ar.d fne Demo-
cratic patty agreed. Sor.ie < > th? O -roocia'ic
party, indeed, held that the incorporation or a na-
tional bank was improner. as h save an undue
preference to irdividuMs; 'hat :t tt-rie mn't's. dis-
crimination, giving to the stockholders the use of
the publie moneys, and placng them in a better
condition than all other people. In this particular
he and they differed; but would they, holding such
doctrine, corne fcr-.vari1. now and give their sap-
port to a government bink of this description?
He thought they would not.
Whether the Whig party wojlj ever corns' into
power again, or no', was only for Him who held the
issues of life and death to determine; he thought it
exceedingly probable that, whether they did or not,
be would not be permitted any longer to remain la
their iank^; he would not be p<rmt!>-d lo bear
aims, and to do battle m their r/-.nks; but whether
they rose or fell, it was m their power at least to
fall with dignity.
The Democratic party, he believed, felt them-
selves strong enough to succeed in their own meas-
ures without assistance. They had seen these
gentlemen, whose name was Legion, dash their
brains out against this fixed constitutional fact—out
of revenge, probably, for having elected a Presi-
dent of the United States who was of a different
creed in politics. Cse-ar had fallen in the capitol,
and fallen at the veiy base of Pompey's statue.
Tnere they lie disabled, and now they want De-
mocracy to take them by the hand and raise them
up. But Democracy says no! we will not help you,
for we do not like you. We are not responsible for
your disasters.
Had it corns to this? Had the gentleman from
Massachusetts authority to make such a proposi-
tion—to announce that Mr,Webster offers his name
and his vast influence in favor of a Democratic
candidate for the Presidency, whether he comes
(r- m the North or from the South, and to establish
a Grovernreent bank, based on the public revenue,
to be conducted by commissioners, bound by no
responsibility save to the throne, and with the doc-
trino of State rights stuck in the middle of the sys-
tem?
Here Mr. M. was interrupted—his hour hav-
ing expired; but, before resuming his seat, he gave
notice that he would, at the cailiest opportunity,
re ume and continue his speech. No matter what
the subject of debate might be, he intended to go
right through with what he had to say. If gentle-
men chose o be boisterous, ho would imitate their
example; and he believed he could ure the lash as
severely as they could.
Mr. PROFFIT then obtained the floor, but
yielded u to
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN, who moved an adjourn-
ment; but the jeas and na}s being called for, and
ordered,
Mr. IRWIN, after two or three names had been
called, by gener.,1 consent withdrew his motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Filmore's
motion to print the two reports, and earned; leav-
ing the motion to print the extra number of copies
ooen.
'On motion by Mr. WM. W. IRWIN,
Tne House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 10, 1843.
The PRESIDEiNT pro tem laid belore the Sen-
ate a cooimunua'ion from the State Department,
transmitting, m compliance .vi.ha resolution of
the Senate of the 13;h December, further informa-
tion as to the operations of the bankrupt law; which,
on motion of Rlr. EVANS, was icteireil to the
Judiciary Committee, and ordeud to be printed.
Also, laid hcfoie the Sena'e a communication
from the Treasury Doptutment, trammi'tin^, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate ot the
5th mutant, a report made to the Treasury Depart-
ment bt the district attorney of the eastern dis-
tiiet oi Pennsylvania, m relation to the cloth cases,
in which an attempt was m-\de to defraud the
revenue.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved that the report be
laid on the tabic, and printed. He would just say,
ihat if, riter 'he report was prfHed, and examined
by htm, i: should turn out to be the document asked
for, he w/euld move for the printing of an addition-
al numb:-f of copies; for those frauds on the rev-
enue should be spread bet-re the country, exposed,
:::■() put a '.top to.
Me. CEU'tTSNDEN mqm'ed whether the com-
mim,ration there made was not in relation to one
ot ibose cases now in ii't^tion, and pending before
one of the courts of the Uni'ed States.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was possible that
some one of the m^ny cases mi-'htnow be pending
befoie the courts, thoush he did not know that
there wa-. U was his belief that there had been
about forty trials of those citcs before the cour!s
and jury in the city of Philadelphia. They were
all decided in favor of the United States; and all re-
lated to a subject which it was not his wish to dis-
cuss until be saw this report. Eut when it was
presented, it would be found that the time had ar-
rived when it was necessary to take some decisive
action on the subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had no objection to the
mode of action the gentleman from Pennsylvania
proposed for hisiself; but a communication was
made to him that some of those cases were now de-
pending before the courts.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked, that if any of
those cases were depending before the courts, they
had been canied up to the Supreme Court on a
writ of ejror; though he did not know that such
was the case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, if the cases reported
to the Senate were depending in the Supreme Court,
it was not proper to publish the report until those
cases were decided finally. When cases were un-
dergoing trial in the court which was sitting under
their chamber, it would no; be proper to make a
publication which might have effect on their de-
cision. He understood, furthermore, that the par-
ties believed that it was intended to prejudice these
cases now pending, by getting up a debate in the
Senate on (hem. He did not wish the Senator
from Pennsylvania to understand that he would,
for a moment, entertain an idea that be would be
capable of such an act. He did not believe that he
was capable of doing anything of the kind; for he
knew that if the Senator fiom Pennsylvania be-
lieved that any ol these cases were depending be-
fore the court below, it would be far from his
purpose lo say or do anything that might prejudice
them. It was the impression of the parties con-
cerned, that there was some person of less conse-
quence moving in an underhand manner to preju-
dice the trials, by bringing about a debate in the
Senate while the cases were pending.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the Senator did him no
more than justice, when he asserted that he would
be incapable of doing anything which would pre-
judice a case which might be under judicial in-
vestigation before the Supreme Court of the United
Slates; but even if any of these ca-es were there, (a
fact of which he was not aware,) how, on the face
of the earth, he would ask, could the printing of
this report prejudice those eases? The report, as
he understood, disclo"ed the means by which for-
eign importers committed frauds upon the revenue
of this country. It was a question  f law merely.
It would be for the Committee on Printing to de-
cide, under all the circumstances, whether the re-
port should be printed. He knew nothing of its
contents, exc°pt what had been slated to him by
others; be only knew that it emanated from a most
respectable source, it had been suggested to
him that some legislation might be necessary to
counteract those frauds which he had referred to;
and he had merely aslW for the printing of the
report, that it might bo examined by the Senate.
The r port was then ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting statements from the incorporated
banks in ihe DUtrict of Columbia, showing th®
; late of their affairs at the close of the year 1842;
which, on motion of Mr MILLER, was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Navy Department, transmitting, m con-
formity wnh the 20th section of the act of Con-
gress of 26th August, 1842, a statement showing
the expenditures out of tne contingent fund of that
department forthj year ending 30th of September,
1842; which was, on motion or Mr. BAYARD, or-
dered to lie on the taMe, and be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Navy Department, m compliance with a
resolution of t&p Senate of the 23d ultimo, giving
information of the number of pensions fjr disa-
bility which have been paid to seamen, or privates
of the marine corps, since the passage of the act of
Ausast, 1841, &n,; which, on motion of Mr, BAY-
ARD, was ordered lo lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
