mr •
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
of the Senate of the 30th ultimo, a statement
showing at what offices public sales of lands have
teen held since the 4th of September, 1841, (being
the date of the passage of the distribution act,)
and the total amount of money received at such
sales, and what amount was paid over the mini-
mam price of f 1 25 per acre, &c.; which was, on
motion of Mr. McROBERTS, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented four memarials
from most respectable farmers of the State of Ken-
tucky, praying for the appointment of an agency
for the purchase of hemp; and urging the propriety
of having it manufactured there for the use of the
navy of the United Siatec: referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from mer-
chants and others of the city of Boston, praying
indemnity for spoliations committed by the French
prior to 1800: ordered to lie on the table, with the
bill on that subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
William Dupuyster and Henry M. Cruger; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill to ex-
tend the time of payment of the judgments against
the Planters' Bank of Mississippi, and the Agri-
cultural Bank of Mississippi, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BARROW, on leave, introduced a bill au-
thorizing an examination and survey of ibe harbor
of Memphis, Tennessee; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to wh'ch the memorial of the
corporate authorities of the town of Alexandra on
the subject had bean referred, reported a bill to
amend the charter of the lown of Alexandria; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. M. also, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the petition of Daniel Murray, the surviving part-
ner of Murray & Spencer; which was ordered lo
t lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. M. also, ou leave, reported a bill for repa-
ying and repairing Pennsylvania avenue, in Wash-
ington city; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KERR, on leave, introduced a bill to ei-
tend the Patent office to 9ih street; which was read
twice, and referred.
On motion by Mr. BKRIUKN, the Committee
on the Judiciary wn discharged (rom the further
con-ideraiion of a memorial trom 'he city of New
York, asking Congress to sdopt the plan for a
board of exchequer; and it was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BEP.RIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of Rich-
ard H. Wilde, praying that the benefits of the
copyright Jaw may be extended t> a woilc which h"
is about to publish in Europe first, reporied a bill
for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. BERRIEN, from ihe Cimmittee cn the Ju
dietary, to whom was referred—
"A BILL to indemnify Major General Andrew Jackson foi dam-
age sustained m the discharge of Ins official duty.
Be it encicleO hy Vie tseiiatf and TJouzp of Iieprfisp?}t<i/ir> f
of the United ShUcs of America in Congu-s.i tisst ruble!,
That the proper accounting oflireis of the Tioasury Depart-
ment be, ami tiipyare hrieby, directed !<> a-ccuain the amount
of the penalty oi damages awaided by the distiict judirc of ilu-
United States at New Orleans, in the year ewht^en humim!
and fifteen, against General Andtew .btck^oit, then cemt-
inamtev-in-chiel offtiat district, lor official actum tlint capacity,
and paid by him at. that time; ami that the sum :-> paid, wuh
interest at pis per cent, per annum, be paid to IVIaiot Cene.ivd
Andrew Jackson, out of any money" hi the treaptny nntothei-
wise appropnated."
made the following report:
'The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill to indemnify Major General An-
drew Jackson for damage sustained in ihe dis
charge of his official duty, beg le-.ve to submit the
following report:
"This bill has been referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, after having been made a special
order in the Senate, and after having undergone
discussion there. It bas been so referred generally,
and without specifying the particular points of in-
quiry, which were contemplated by the Senate in
ordering the reference. The whole subject having
been thus referred to their examination, wuh all
the interesting questions which it includes, perhaps
it may be considered to be the duty of the commit-
tee, as the organ of the Senate in the preparatory
examination of legal subjects, to examine and re-
port on those connected with the object of this ref-
erence.
"Yet, in the absence of any specific instructions
from the Senate, and looking to the discussions which
have led to the reference of the bill, the committee
have come to the conclusion that they will best
fulfil their duty to the Senate by reporting it with
an amendment, placing the restoration of the fine
imposed on General Jackson, by Jnd;e Hall, on
grounds which do not involve any censure of
either of the parties in this by-gone, transaction,
nor in any degree arraign the conduct of the patriot-
ic cilizens cf New Orleans; but simply protect
the Senate from the possible inference that, in
passing this bill, it has acknowledged the legal
authority of a military officer to establish martial
law within the limits of this free republic. They
accordingly lepoit the bill with an amendment.
"Strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert—
"That, in consideration of the distinguished milita-
ry services of Major General Andrew Jackson, in
the defence of the city of New Orleans, and of the
desire expressed by surdry citizen* and Legisla-
tures of this Union, in diveis petitions aad legisla-
tive resolutions submitted to tbe Congress of the
United States, the fir.e of $1,000 imposed upon
Major General Andrew Jackson by the Hon.
Dominick A. Hall, be, and the same i< hereby, re-
stored; antl that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to pay lo Major General Andrew Jackson
the said sunt of $1,000, with interest at six per
cent, thereon, from the day of its payment by him,
out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise
sppropriaied.
"Also, strike out the tide of the bill, and insert
'A bill for the relief of Major General Andrew
Jade-on.'"
Mr. WALKER, from the same committee, read
ihe following; which t e submitted to the Senate as
a minority report, viz:
'•Tise undersigned, one of Ihe Committee on the
Judiciary of tbe Senate of the United States, to
whom was referred the bill to indemnify Major
General Andrew Jackson for d<vaas;esstssla'ned in
the discharge of his official dn'y, dcscits tiara the
views of tbe majority of the committee m tbnscpse.
The bill refened to tbe committee contain* r-.o rtn-
suie of the conduct or motives of Judge Hall, nor
does it expies.: any opinion f.s to Ihe a«!s of Ihe
citizens of New Orleans. It leaves all those sub-
jects untouched, to depend upon ihe judgment of
the piesent age and of posterity. The bill,
should it become a law, will be only an expression
of the legislative will, that, under all the circum-
stances of the cr.se, iha money paid by Qr-n. Jack-
son in discharge of his fine, and now retained in
the ireasm'5 of ihe United Stales,should be refund-
ed. Such a bdl ari aigns and cen-ures no one. But
the report of ibe committee, by ihe clearest impli-
cation, m the opinion of the under.-igned, does ar-
raign the conduct of General Jack-'on in this case
as subversive of ihe Constitution of the United
States. The ease does not necessarily involve ibr
pov.er o! a military eotfimsmder to "establish mar
llal law Kithitithe limits o! thisf'ce tepublic "
T.iis question, however,having been introduced by
ihe committee, 'he undersigned submits !bat, m
time of war, and of imminent pnhhclanser, it may
be the duly of tbe commander lo arrest those re-
gaided es traitors, spies-, or mutineers, within the
limits of his camp; especially in eases where it was
obvious to him that his refusal to exercise such
power wouid involve the disbanding of bis forces,
the defeat of his army, and the surrender of that
army and of Ihe co-miry which he-.Ta= Vmr.d to de-
fend. The alternative, as he fa 11 >  fcehcr-J, was to
make the arr -:i, or the abandonment of his coun-
try's standard, and the surrender of one of her
greatest cities, to a powerful enemy, whose motto
of victory involved indiscriminate plunder and li-
centious ouirage. Under such circumstances,
should he make the arrest and save the country?
To this question there will be but one response
from the heart of every true American patriot.
That General Jackson, and those united with him
in the defence of New Orlesns, fully believed this,
emergency to exist, is be]'ond all doubt or contro-
versy. If, then, 'his was the state of the case, it
was the duty of General Jackson to have made the
arrest; and the act was riot merely excusable, bat
justifiable. It was demanded by a great and over-
ruling necessity; and had he failed to assume this
responsibility, and the consequences which he an-
ticipated had occurred, he would have merited and
received universal execration. Such, being the
facts, was General Jackson bound to liberate the
prisoner, immediately upon the manda'e of the Fed-
eral judge of that district? If, as Gen. Jackson be-
lieved, the danger was s'ill imminen'—that the lib-
eration at that time of the prisoner would overthrow
bis power, and bring his autbori-y as commander
into contempt—that it would surely produce a repe-
tition of similar ac's of mutiny and treason, and
demonstrate his inability to restrain, much less to
punish them—that it would lead to the depopulation
or defeat of bis army, and the surrender of the city
he was bound to defend; tbe same overruling ne-
cessity which justified the arrest, would require the
detention of the prisoner until the emergency had
passed, and he could be surrendered with safety
into the hands of the civil authority. The law
which justified the act, was the great law of ne-
cessity; it was the law cf self-defence. Thisgreat
law of necessity—of defence of self, of home, and
of country—never was designed to be abrogated by
any statute, or by any constitution. This was the
law which justified the arrest and detention of the
prisoner; and, however the act may now be as-
sailed, it has long since received the cordial ap-
piobation of the Ameiican people. That General
Jackson never desired to elevate the military above
tiie civil authority, is proved by his conduct during
tbe trial, and after the imposition of this fine.
When the magistrate ascended to the bench—
acting for no contempt m the presence of the
court—acting in his own case es prosecutor,
witness, accuser, and judge; when ihe General's
answer was refused to be heard, and he was denied
a trial by jury; when a victorious army,
and a rescued and gra'etul people, thronged the
court, the terrified Judge was about to adjourn
the court without inflicting the sentence,—General
Jackson r- .-e; he quieted tbe threatened tumult; re-
quested the Judgo to prccerjii; ih" sentence was im-
posed; be bowed, in a calm and dignified submis-
sion to the mandate of the las-, and paid, at once,
the penalty inflicted for siving the country. And
when, upon retiring from tbe court, he was sur-
rounded by a gr?teiul and indignant people, his
brief, but sdoiiius address v^es an appeal to all
who heasd hira to respect the civil tribunals, and
maintain the supremacy of ihe law. And now the
question is, shall this penalty, thus incurred in dis.
charge of a solemn duty, and thu.s paid, be paid,
or refunded? The title is, "A bill to indemnify
Major Genera! Andrew Jackson for dsmages sus-
tained in ihe dischaige of his official duty." The
tide is in stiict conformity wuh the facts of the
case, and, in tbe opinion of the undersigned, should
Le retained. The coinmutM\ however, propose to
rejcc it, a" . to fnl-stpate, as -i !>!l , :'A bdl for
the relict of Genera1 Aridu-w Jackson." General
Jackson ha; neve. roluit: d, nor will lie ever re-
ceive, M-.eh He is no nundicanl; he a>ks
no alms, r r pea-ion, or bounty, from his country:
bu> t) at couu'ry iifelf demtnds that this rao« y
shall re n funded as an act of jussue. It was a
P'Eahy mcuned fo; ssv!n^ tbe country, and tbe
country requires that it shall be restored. Nor is
the undersigned prepand to give the reasons as-
signed in the bill for refunding this money. The
bi'l p'aceo the rcstorstion of the penalty mainly
upon ihe "consideration of the distinguished mili-
tary strviecs of General Jackson." This bill is
not o payment for services, however great or raer-
itoitoir;. These service are being paid in the
