CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
Mr. CONRAD said he would read part of the
act of 1840, which did; and ihea he explained (hat
the postmaster of New O. leans was entitled 10 the
maximum salary allowed by the act—$5,000—on
the ground that the commission on the receipts
of the office would amount to more, if that was
not the limited sum. In 1841, in consequence of
the removal of the < ffice to a more convenient lo-
cation /or the public, and oiher expenses; the
postmaster was out of pocket $650; that is, he did
not receive the full salary, which was deficient
that sum. The object of the bill was to allow him
to repay himself out of the box rents-.
The bill, without further opposition, was order-
ed to be engrossed, and read a third time.
The oiher special orders of the day were post-
psned; and the following Senate and House bills
were taken up, and ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
Senate bill 53, for the relief of Wareham Kings-
]py.
House bill 567, for (he relief of Snow Y. Sears.
House bill 511, for the relief Joshua Drew.
Senatelbiil 60, to re-enact and continue in opera-
tion the several acts now in force for the relief of
insolvent debtors of the Uniied Slates, was taken
 P. as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BERRIEN explained shut this was an ex-
- tension of ihs act already in existence, for three
years longer. It had been repotted in conformity
with the recommendation of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. BENTON adverted to the anomaly present-
ed by this bill. It came from the same committee
which had reported in favor of a bankrupt law
Which was to annul thi1 insolvent laws of the States
of this Union. The insolvent laws, of the Stales
were set at naught, and attempted to be quashed
by a bankrupt law, which itself wan nothing but a
great insolvent law for the abolnion of debts.
This Mil, too, is for the relief of insolvent debtors.
Mr. B. showed how baukiuptcy and insolvency
were identified boih by the cummittee and the judi-
ciary. He referred to Judge Story's opinion*, and
showed how inconshieni they were wiih the defini-
tion of bankruptcy as laid down by English jurists,
particularly Judg.' Blacitstone.
After an extensive review of the whole subject
of bankruptcy and insolvency, Mr. 13. conclu-
ded by saying he had riot risen to oppose the
present bill, (for he did not know anything
about it till it came up,) but t> point out
the anomaly of the same committee that recom-
mended a bankrupt law to expunge the insol-
vent laws of the S'ates, now bringing forward a
law for the relief of the insolvent debtors of the
Uniied States,
Mr. BERRIEN explained that this was a bill
to enable the i'reaMiry D partment to permit debt-
ors to the Uniied States, in certain cases, to take
the benefit of an insolvent law.
Mr. CHOA.TE eulogized and defended the char-
acter of Judge Story, aud explained what he con-
ceived that judge's expressions amounted to, as to
cases of insolvency being admissible m a constitu-
tional bankrupt law adapted to this cooniiy.
The subject was further diseus cd by Messis.
BENTON and BERRIEN; and, at Mr. WOOD-
BURY'S request, the communication from the
Treasury Depailmeut riquiimg a rc-cnactment
of the law was read.
Mr. WOODBURY conceived that the bankrupt
law, if continued, would reach to all the feses
necessary; if it was repealed, the re enactment of
this law would be proper. As iong a\ the bank-
rupt law was id existence, 'his tenewal ol the insol-
vent law was unnec-ssary.
Mr. HENDERSON was of the same opinion.
Debtors to ihe Uniied Stales could be discharged
under the bankrupt law, which makes provis'on
for such cases.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that there w re many
cases which could no! be disposed of, unless this
bill was passed; for instance, eases of custom-
house bonds
Mr. "WOODBURY assured the. Senator th.-t,
since the passage of the bankrupt law, debtors to
the United States had resorted to it in prefeienee
jo the insolvent iaw, because it was cheaper. He
suggested that this bill might be laid over till the
end of the session. It would by that .time be
known what was to be done with the bankrupt
law.
Mr. BERRIEN wstild have no objection to the
postponement, were it not that it was considered
necessary the bill should be passed, to meet cases
which otherwise could not be disposed of. It was
a beneficent law, and could do no harm,
Thi bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. BATES, the Senate adjourned,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Toesoat, January 10, 1842.
Mr, BARTON presented the following peti-
tions:
One of several hundred citizens of Jefferson and
Berkeley cousties, Va , remonstrating against mili-
tary rule over the armory at Harper's Ferry.
Of E A. Htbbard, of Winchester, Va , agent
for the Baltimore Clipper and Sun, asking leave to
convey newspapers on railroads without hindrance
from the Post Office Depaitment.
Of the heirs of James Greer, praying for com-
pensaiionfor inventing a highly uselul mode of
boring gun barrels.
Mr. CASEY pre.-ented the petition of Jane
Hanson, of Illinois praying to br allowed a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. EDWARDS of Missouri presented the pe-
tition of George Wallis, praying compensation for
cattle killed bv the Sac, Pox, and Iowa IhdUns.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of
Onslow Siearns an.-l 347 oiheis, citizens, of Hills-
borough county, New Hampshire, puncipaliy of
the towns ef Na hoa and Nashville, praving for
the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. ATHERTON, under the rule, presented
the petition ot Elisba Morrill, a'tomey of John
Peters and Sarah Pjrnum, for title to land.
Ml". CROiSi> presented a memorial of the Legis-
laiuie o! the Stat.- of Arkansas, a-king an appro-
priaiioti for the completion of a road partially con-
sirocted by the United States, from Red river to 11,e
s-o'ithern boundary of Missouri,
Mr. C. gave notice that he would a'-k leave to
intrO'iuce a bill to be entitled An act to authorize
the Governor of Atkansa? to seieci six sections of
lan I for ihe use of salines, under the sixih propo-i-
tion of the act for the ad: lission of said 3tg:c'into
the Union.
Mr. STOKELY presented the petition of Joseph
L. Rig'iter, J.uatban T. Up.legrad, and 82 men;
ail 1 of Jane Robinson and Elizabeth Heaton, and
97 wucHiiof Mount Pleasant, m Ohio, ag'iin.st the
annexation of Texas, and inn aiinu-Mon of any
new slave State, and o( any abridgment of the
right of petition: releirej to ihe Comimitee o:i the
Judiciary.
Also, the prtiiiomf Wm. Robinson, Fsvic Wa-
terman, r.nd 72 o h:r men; and of Julia Alio Job.,
Rebecca T. Up 'eer..-fl, find 82 other women; for t'ie
abolition of slavery m the District of Columbia,
and the Teriiti r:e-, of the United States, and the
domestic slave trade: rejecied under the 21;t re!e.
Also, the petition of the same persons against any
more of th  pn'ol.e. lvvonnn paid by ihe free S;aits
being expend, d in carrying on the war ii> Florida,
or in the stttu-ment ot Florid,:; referred i. the
Committee on Mil iary Affaits.
Mr. EDWARDS of MUsmtri ^av3 liolxs that
he would in.roduce b.li allowing a leasmiab'e
time to the resi-lc r and receiver of t„e land office in
the Plate :««><! di-irict, iu Missouri, to adjust t! e
pre-ernp ion clai'min said district, Uft're t-he Uu.ds
weie offered at public sale.
Mr. REYNOLD:! presented C-.e joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the Btaie of Illinois,
praynii the rtmission of a fine of §1,000, which
wds unjustly imposed on General Jackson in 1815,
at New Orleans. Said .esoluijjn requests ihe dele-
gation m Congress from Illinois to use their exer-
tions 'o procure the passage o*' a law to effect ihe
above object.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. FILLMORE asked leave to leport sundry
biits from '.be Committee ef Ways aaa Means.
Mr. EVERETT objected; but, after some con-
versation, withdrew his objection.
Mr. FILLMORE then reporter^ a bill making
appropriations for the naval service of the United s
States .'or the half calendar yfar ending on the
30th June, 1S43, and for the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1844: read twice, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
(together with the accompanying papers) ordered
to be printed.
Also, reported a bill making appropriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various trjbcs
of Indians, and for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department for ihe half calen-
dar year ending June 30th, 1843, and for the fiscal
year ending June 30th, 1844: read twice, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and oidered to be printed.
Also reported, from the same committee, a bill
making appropriations for pensions for the half
calendar year ending June 30th, 1843, and for the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1844: read twic6, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said that at the last ses-
sion a joint resolution (No. 13) reported by him-
self was referred to ihe Committee of the Whole
on the sta'e of the Union. As this resolution rela-
ted to certain treaty stipu'ations, which were about
to expire by limit?,tton, rind as it was important
that it should be riec''d°ti this session, he moved
that the Committee ot the % hole be discharged
from its further consideration; and, in order that
the House might take acaon upon it, he also
moved thai it be made the special order for this day
week.
Mr. TALIAFERRO inquired if the motion was
in older?
The SPEAKER said, No.
Mr. TALfAFERRO hoped that th; regular or-
der of business would be observed.
Mr. EVERETT tnquited what was the regular
order of bufines'-?
T:ie SPEAKER, said, after the committees were
called on for reports, the business of the morning
hour (General J.-ekson's fine) would come up.
Mr. EVERETT said he should object to every
species of business whatever, until the question of
ihe repeal of the bankrupt law should have been
decided-
Mr KENNEDY still insisting on his motion,
Mr. TALIAFERRO withdrew his objection;
which was renewed by Mr, EVERETT.
Mr. KENNEDY then moved a suspension of the
inles,
Mr R'ERIV'ETHER called for the reading of
the resolution; which was read, a:; follows:
'' U ttsolvtid by the Senate and Tfouae of Rej>resenia-
of the Xjnited Staffs of America in Congress assem-
biul, i hat. tilts President of the United Suies be, and he jshere-
by, requeued, whenever he shall deem u compatible with the
public rnfeit'U, to nv.kc bn^wn to the Governments of Den-
mark. Sweden, tlir Ildnseano Republics, Prussia, Austria* and
Russia, m cnnfcimiiy with the supulanons of the existing
c immeicidi ue-iiies- between taid Govemnn nts and the United
sstcife^, the f'r^irp and m'en'inn of this Government to ter-
minate such commeicial tres'ies now in force between said
tavivernmcnts and the United States as have contracted to
allow the p.iities ihei'eto to import on equal terms, as regards
duties on merchandise and tonnage, each into the ports of the
other, uoods, wares, and merchandise, other than those of the
erowth, ptoducc, oc n.anufacture of the nation in whose ves-
^ 1^ the sAme are borne.
l,Scc 2. Arj) hz ii further resolrei1, That, m all future ne*
gotiAunns wm<h ma> be opened wi ii the aforesaid Govern-
nieiua, or \v> ' any otn^r,it is tbf policy of the United States to
C'nitine tiie pnviUot ipn(,ior.t' Jinpbmf.'vri on equal terms
nsto good- <i;id shipping, to good? warp?, and merchandise the
pr<>diKt of the countries fro vfhenco and in whose ships they
are tmporieu', or the pioduct o( such contiguous countries
t.i^reto as usually ca>ry oj tjseh" forzuu eoraimsce through the
pons of tho s.uue."
^r'. inquired whether the gentle-
ra?.i [S'ir. J. P. Kennedy] ptopo:ed 10 leave an-
i ifccr re.-cJ stioa reportci at ihe saine session, ia
rclitioti to viur irade with Gn-at Britain, and still
bcfiire the C(.mmM?e o! the Whole, unacted oa.
Mr. KENNEDY s' id be was not aware that the
resohit'oii of the gent'eman irom Ma-.sachafetis
[Mr. Cushing] was before ihe Committee of the
Wtiole. He supposed ihe genilfman referred to
his report on colonial trade. He (Mr, K.) was
williag to have the committee discharged from
