1:48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lato court! Tkis the sectfoa shows. Mr. B. here
rjeacl she sectioa as follows:
■^fljikrupi act of ike dzlh year of George IV, (1826.)
<9sc..6..Tbat jf any such trader shall file in the office of the
aLord Chancellor's secretary ©f bankrupts, a declaration in
•writing, signed by such trader, and attested by an attorney
■orw&lifcitor, that he is insolvent or unable to meet his en*
sagemeots, the said secretary of bankrupts, or his-deputy,
■Ml- sign a memorandum tbat such declaration hath been
which* memorandum shall be authority for the Lon-
don .uazette to insert an advertisement of such declaration
therein;- and every such declaration shall, after su.ch ad-
vertiaepient inserted as aforesaid, be an act of bankruptcy
commuted by Such trader at the time token such dec-
larutiofnoas filed: but no commission shall issuethereupon,
unbss it be sued out within two calendar months next after
the insertion of such advertisement, and unless such adver-
tisement shall have been inserted id the London Gazette within
ejght days after such declaration filed. And no docket shall
t>e,struck upon such act of bankruptcy before the expiration of
fetft days next after such insertion of such advertisement, in
case such commission is to be executed in London; or before
the expiration of eight days next after such insertion, incase
such commission is to be executed in tbe country: and the
Gazette containing such advertisement shall be evidence to be
received of gach declaration having been filed."
Having read this section, Mr. B. said it was er
plicit, and precluded argument. The voluntary
aetion of the debtor, which it authorised, was lim-
ited to the mere filing of the declaration of insol-
vency. It went no further; and it was confined to
traders—to the trading classes—who, alone, were
subject to the laws of bankruptcy. Mr. B. said
.his first error, in acting upon this idea of voluntary
bankruptcy, applicable both to traders and those
who were not, was committed in 1827, soon after
the British act passed, and when he had not seen it.
It was, in fact, only one or two years ago that he
had,seen the statute; and, from that time, had re-
nounced the error.
Mr. B. said that the English had, as we all
knew, an insolvent system, as well as a bank-
rbft system. They had an Insolvent Debtors'
Codrt, as well as a Bankrupt Court; and both
tbsee were kept separate, although there were no
States in England to be trodden under foot by
treading down the insolvent laws. No so with us.
Our insolvent laws, though belonging to States
called sovereign, are all trampled under foot!
There would be a time to go into this. At present,
Mr. B. would only say that, in England, bankiupt-
cy and insolvency were still kept distinct; and no
insolvent trader was allowed to proceed as a bank-
Tupt. On ihe contrary, an insolvent, applying in
the Insolvent Debtors' Court for the release of his
person, could not proceed one step beyond filing
his d&clarRtion. At that point the creditors took up
the declaration, if they pleased, transferred the
case "to the Bankrupt Court, and prosecuted the
cafe in that court. This is done by virtue of tbe
13th section of the Insolvent Debtois Act of 7th
Geo. IV., (1827.) Mr. B. read the section, as fol-
lows:
Insolvent debtors act oj llh year of GeorgeIV, (1827.)
Sec. 13. "And be it further enacted, Thai the tiling of the
petition of every person in actual custody, who shall be sub-
ject to the laws concerning bankrupts, and who shall apply by
petition to the said court for his or her discharge from cubtody,
according to thisact, shall beaccounted and adjudged an act
of bankruptcy Jrurti the time of filing such petition; and
that any commistion issuing against such person, and under
which ne or she shall be declared bankrupt before the time ap.
pointed by the said court, and advertised in the London Ga-
zette, for hearing the matters of such petition, or at any time
within two calendar months fiom the time of filing such peti-
tion, shall have effect to avoid any conveyance anil assignment
of the estate and effects of such person, winch shall have been
jnadein pursuance of the provisions of this act: Provided, at-
ways, 7 hat the filing of such petition shall not be deemed an
actofbankruptcy, unless such person be so declared bankrupt
before the time 6o adveitiaed as aforesaid, or within such two
calendar months as aforesaid; but that every such conveyance
and assignment shall be good and valid, notwithstanding any
commission of bankruptcy under whicl «uch persun shall be de-
clared bankrupt after the time so advertised as aforesaid, and
a fter the expiration of such two calendar months as afore-
said."
This (said Mr. B.) accords with the section of
tbe year before in the bankrupt act. The two sec-
tions. are accordant, and identical in their pro-
visions. They keep up the great distinction be-
tween insolvency and bankruptcy, which some of
our judges have undertaken to abrogate: they keep
up, also, the great distinction between the proper
subjects of bankruptcy—to wit: traders, and those
who are not traders; and they keep up the distinc-
tion between the release of the person (which is
the object of insolvent laws) and ibe extinction of
tbe debt with the consent of creditors, which is the
object of insolvent systems. By this section, if
the "persen," in custody who files declaration of in-
solvency shall be a trader, subject to the laws of
bankruptcy, it only operates as an act of bank-
ruptcy, upon which the creditors may proceed, or
not, as they please. If they proceed, it is done by
suing out a commission of bankruptcy; which car-
ries the case to the bankrupt court. If tbe creditors
do not proceed, the petition of the insolvent trader
only releases his person. Being subject to bank-
ruptcy, h s creditors may call him into the bank-
rupt court, if they please; if they do not, he cannot
take it there, nor claim the benefit of bankruptcy in
tbe insolvent courts he can only get his person re-
leased. This is clear from the section; and our
act of 1840 committed something worse than a fol-
ly in not copying this section. That act creates
two sorts of bankruptcy—voluntary and involun-
tary—and, by a singular folly, makes them con-
vertible ! so that all may be volunteers, if they
pleass. It makes merchants, traders, bankers, and
some others of the trading classes, subject to invol-
untary bankruptcy: then it gives all persons what-
ever the right to pro'ceed voluntarily. Thus the in-
voluntary subjects of bankruptcy may become
volunteers: and ths distinction becomes ridiculous
and null. Our act, which is compiled from the
English Insolvent Debtors Act, and is itself noth-
ing but an insolvent law perverted to the abolition
of debts at the will of the debtor, should have cop
ied the 13th section of the English insolvent law:
for want of copying this, it annihilated involuntary
bankruptcy—made all persons, traders or not, vol-
unteers who chose to be so—released all debts, at
the will of the debtor, without the consent of a
single creditor—and committed Ihe most daring
outrage upon the laws of property which Ihe world
ever beheld!
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict ef Columbia, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill from the House for the relief of Cas-
per W. Weaver.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, made a report (which was ordered to be
printed) adverse to the passage of the bill from the
House, for the relief of Gorham A. Worth, one of
the sureties of Samuel Edmunds, deceased.
Mr. D , from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of Alexander M. Jen-
kins, and others, sureties of William Linn, late re-
ceiver at Yandalia, Illinois, praying to be dis-
charged from their joint liabilities on the pay-
ment of the distributive proportions of the judg-
ments obtained against them, respectively, made an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the claim of Anne P. Green, and
other heirs-at-law of Com. Samuel Nicholson, de-
ceased, there being no evidence on which to sus-
tain the claim.
Mr. PULTON, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of Mary Tncker; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. YOUNG, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the papers of Epbraim
Sprague, touching bis claim for losses in tbe Black
Hawk war.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from John
Grant, of New Orleans, praying permission to sue
ihe United Stales for damages incurred by the
breach of a conlrart with the Engineer Department,
for removing a b.T in the Choctaw pass, in the
harbor of Mobile: referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. SEVIER presented additional documents
relating to the claim of Lieut. R. D. Collins, for
compensation for services in Florida as quarter-
mssier; which were leferred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
John McClintock and others, of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, praying indemnity for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to 1800; which was laid
on the table, with the bill on that subject.
The bill to extend the Patent Office to 9th street,
was read the second lime, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Tue joint resolution for the distribution of cer-
tain copies of the Census returns and Compendium
of the Sixth Census, was read the second time.
Th  bill for the relief of Henry Gardner ahd
others, directors of an association called the New
England Mississippi Land Company, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, en an amendment
from the Committee on the Judiciary;
Mr. BERltlEN explained that the amendment
was intended to guard the interest of the United
States.
After a few remarks by Messrs. BENTON and
TAPPAN adverse to the bill, and by Mr. BER-
RIEN in its defence, it was, on the motion of Mr.
KING, postponed till Monday next, and made the
special order for that day.
REPORT ON THE FINE ON GENERAL
JACKSON.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Li&m on yes-
terday, to print 10,000 extra copies of the rejjort of
the majority, and 20,000 of the report of the mi-
nority of the Committee on the Judiciary on tbe
bill to indemnify General Andrew Jackson for
damages sustained in the discharge of his official
duties, came up for consideration.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not see what interest
Senators could feel in sending the reports abroad in
this way, as every newspaper in the country would
publish them; and they would be widely dissemina-
led long before the extra copies could be* printed
acd ready for distribution. If it was intended to
pay a compliment to some one—either the author
of the minority report, or General Jackson himself—
he would not be unwilling to entertain the propo-
sition to print a reasonable number of extra copied?
but he thought it really an unnecessary and useless
expense to order the quantity required by this mo-
tion.
Mr. LINN remarked that the printing of the
report would not be, by any means, an Expensive
job. The report was very brief. The objection
to printing it, therefore, could not be on the
ground of expense. He had no doubt it would
be a source of gratification to the people of the
country to see the grounds on which the Judiciary
Committee reported the bill back to the Sehate.
Many of the Senators here had received their in-
structions on the subject of this bill, and they would
no doubt be pleased to furnish their constituents
wiih the position in which the matter stands. This
would be a good way to do it—for their constitu-
ents would see both sides in these reports. On the
score of expense, it was a small matter to contend
about.
Mr. ARCHER fose merely to remark that it ap=
peared to him tbe only object they could have m
ordering the printing of an extra number of copies
of any document was, ihat it might have a greater
circulation tban it would naturally obtain through
the newspapers, either on account' of its great
length or some oiher cause, , which possibly might
exclude it from the columns of the public newspa-
pers. But, as to these reports, both of them to-
gether would scarcely fill a single column: they
scarcely exceeded the size of an ordinary letter. If
they did order the printing, then, it would not be
with the view of obtaining tor it a larger circula-
tion, but in order to pay a compliment to some
one or other—either to the author of the report, or to
General Jackson. But he would submit to the
Senate whether it was proper to order the printing
for such a purpose, no matter how well-merited the
compliment might be. With these views, he felt
constrained to vote against the proposition.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut said he would not
consider the mere object of paying a compliment,
a legitimate reason for incurring the expense of
extra copies out of the public money. But this
was a different case, as the expense was to be in-
curred for the information of the people. It is
necessary to spread before the people, in an authen-
tic form, tbe reports of the majority and minority
of the committee to which the Senate referred the
bill. The arguments thus presented will enable
(he American people to judge whether this fiae is
to be refunded, and in what manner. They will
be enabled to give expression to their opinions,
and lo make it known to their representatives,
whether they approve of General Jackson's con-
