CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duct at New Orleans or not. His (Mr. S.'s) ob-
ject was to obtain the opinion of the American
people on the fullest information that could be
furnished to them, and therefore, whether the ex-
pense was great or small, it would make no dif-
ference in the vote he should give to accomplish
object. Having givea the people this infor-
mation, and ascertained their will, he should obey
their injunction.
Mr. LINN observed that his friend from Vir-
ginia seemed to imply (hat it was in compliment to
the author of the minority report that he bad made
this motion. He could assure the Senator, if such
was his impression, that he had had no such idea as
that of merely paying compliments in that way.
Throughout the whole affair, in relation to the sub-
ject, he had had other motives for what he had
done; and he was still actuated by the same mo-
tives. Before the subject was brought up, last ses-
sion of Congress, and during its subsequent discus-
sion, the ground was taken, by the political oppo-
nents of Gen. Jackson, that he never had paid this
line himself; and, consequently, his friends were
subjected to the imputation of asking for him the
repayment of money to which he could have
no claim. His object was to bring this
question to the test; and he considered that he had
now done so; for, although there is nothing in the
report of the majority of the committee directly
affirmatory of the fact, there is a tacit admission,
which it is important should go to the public in an
authentic form. The calumny was going through
the country like wildfire, ibat General Jackson did
not pay the fine. The di!cnssion on this bill, both
last session and the present session, had set that
question at rest. It was in every respect desirable
that these reports should be disseminated. The
committee should stand responsible for its recom-
mendation of an amendment to place the repay-
ment of the fine, on the ground of General Jack-
Sigh's military services, and not as an act of jus-
tice.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on
th« resolution; which were ordered, and were as
follows:
VEA.S—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Fulton, King,
LionjMcRobero, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—17.
NA*S—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Day ton, Evans,
'Qr^ham, Huntington, Kerr, McDuflio, Mangum, Milter, Mor«i
he*d, Porter, Smith of Indiana, White, and Woodbridge—<23
So the Senate refused to print the reports for
circulation among the people.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to settle, on certain terms, the liabil-
ities of the sureties of Gordon D. Boyd, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at Columbus, Mississippi,
was taken up for consideration, and read.
Mr. HENDERSON explained the purposa and
object of the resolution. From Mr. H.'s state-
ment, it appeared that, at the time of the specula-
tions in Mississippi lands, G. D. Boyd, the receiver
of public monejs at the land office of Columbus,
was in the habit of giving certificates of entries to
persons who did not pay him in money, but gave
Checks on distant banks. Several of these checks
were dishonored; and, in consequence, Boyd be-
came a defaulter. The lands, in some cases, were
conveyed to hi in, or his securiti??; and the object
of this joint resolution was to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, if he found it to be best for
the public interest, to take the lands in discharge of
the debt, at the original piice from the land office of
$1 25 per acre.
Mr. KING objected to any such compromise.
If the sureties were able to pay, they should be
required to make good the whole of the defalca-
tion. No countenance should be given to such a
line of conduct as that practised in this instance.
At the time of these speculations it was known that
vast tracts were bought and culled over; and now
it was proposed to allow the refuse of there tracts—
not worth, perhaps, 25 cents an acre—to be banded
back to the Government at fl 25. Mr. K., at
some length, pointed out the injurious tendencies of
such a course.
Mr. EVANS explained that the joint resolution
merely gavs the Treasury Department power to
make the arrangement, if nothing better could be
done,
Mr. HENDERSON made an explanation in
relation to decisions of the circuit court of the
United States in Mississippi, which rendered it
doubtful whether the United States could mak« a
better .arrangement.
Mr. WALKER said it seemed to him that the
matter was not properly understood. On the facts-
of the case, as presented to the circuit court in
Mississippi, no lawyer could entertain a doubt of
the propriety of the decision. The case was this:
When Mr. Boyd was appointed receiver, in ma-
king out the bonds for his securities, an error was
committed, which was the occasion of their not
being signed. New bonds were preparing, to be
signed by new securities; and, in this interval, he
issued the certificates of entries, for which he was
not paid the money. The court decided that the
sureties v-ho did not till subsequently become his
securities, were not liable by their bonds to that
extent. Now, with regard to so much of the de-
falcation as originated in this interval, if taking
back the lands was the best that could be done, he
was willing to support the resolution; but no fur-
ther.
After a few remarks from Mr. EVANS, the
question was taken on the passage of the joint res-
olution, and decided in the negative: so the resolu-
tion was rejected.
The following engrossed bills were taken up,
read a third time, and passed:
Senate bill to re-enact and continue in operation
the several acts now in force for the relief of in-
solvent debtors of the United States.
Senate bill for the relief ofWareham Kingsley.
Senate bill for the relief of Elizabeth Monroe.
Senate bill for the relief of William De Bays,
postmaster of New Orleans.
Senate bill to provide for ascertaining and dis-
pesing of the lead mineral lands in the States of
Arkansas and Illinois, and Territories of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa, and for other purposes.
House bill for the relief of Joshua Drew.
And the House bill for the relief of Snow Y.
Sears.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The bill to authorize the occupation and settle-
ment of the Territory of Oregon came up as the
unfinished business; the question pending being,
"Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. TAPPAN said he hoped the bill would be
adopted by the Senate; for he considered it of the
utmost importance that it should pass, notwith-
standing the reasons which had been assigned by,
the Senator from South Carolina and the Senator
from Massachusetts, on a former day, against its
passage. It appeared that, by certain treaty stip-
ulations between this Government and Great Britain,
entered into in the year 1818, the British had the
right of trading throughout the whole of that ter-
ritory; of entering into all the ports and harbors
upon the coast; and of carrying on their trade
therein, as freely and as fully as might be done by
the citizens of the United States. Under this treaty,
the British Trading Company bad erected a fort,
called Fort Vancouver, and had settled and culti-
vated some of the adjacent lands; but to what ex-
tent, he (Mr. Tafpan) did not know.
And now (said Mr. Tappan) we have the prop-
osition advanced in this Senate, that these treaty
stipulations give to' Great Britain a tenancy in
common with the Government of the United
States within the Oregon Territory—that the sub-
jects of Great Britain had a right to oecupyit
with the citizens of the United States. No Sena-
tor had intimated any doubt as to the title of the
United States to the territory, founded upon dis-
covery and upon treaties. As to the treaty or
convention of 1818, although he thought the con-
struction put on it by honorable Senators was quite
a forced construction, he would guard against the
consequences of such construction, that it might
not grow up into an admitted claim to the whols
territory.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had merely stated what
interpretation was put upon the treaty; he bad given
no opinion as to the correctness of that interpreta-
tion.
Mr. TAPPAN said the Senate.would recollect
that there had been recently before them aiqttcs-
lion as to the Northeastem.boundary of the United
States. That question had arisen from the s^me
kind of carelessness or ignorancp in our negotiators
of the treaty of Ghent, which seems, to have pre-
vailed in negotiating the convention of 1818.
By the treaty of peace of .1783j.'the northwest
corner of Nova Seotia was the point from which
the boundary line of the United <Sta<es was to be
run, and it was the point at which that boundary
line was to terminate. Whatever uncertainty there
might be in the description of any part of that
boundary, there was none whatever in the place
where the line should begin and end; nor wast
there any difficulty, doubt, or Uncertainty as to-
where that northwest corner was to be found.
The map which it is known the commissioners had.
before them and used, as well as all the English
map3 of their North American possessions,- apreto.
in placing this corner far north of the Su Jtwo,
river, and west of thobay of Chaleufs. I speak
of English maps, because it is well known that the
French claimed that the northern part of Maine
belonged to Canada, and laid it down accordingly
on their maps of that country, even after the peace
of 1783. Any ordinary country surveyor might
have ascertained where that northwest corner of
Nova Scotia was, and from that might have run.
the north line of Maine; nor would any two honest
surveyors have differed as to the position of the
corner, or the line to be run from or to it.
This matter, so clear, and, until then, undisputed,
was made doubtful and uncertain by our negotia-
tors of the treaty of Ghent. If that treaty, instead,
of stipulating for the appointment of a joint com-
mission "to run and mark the boundary line be-
tween the two Governments," had required such
commission "to ascertain the northwest corner of
Nova Scotia, and to run the line from and to that
point," no difficulty would ever have arisen be-
tween the two Governments as to either the
north or east line of Maine; but, as the treaty
stipulated that if the commissioners disagreed
where the line was, it should be left to some
friendly power to determine, the British Gov-
ernment, with their usual adroitness, seized
upon this agreement to draw off the atten-
tion of the people of Sreat Britain and the United
States from the true point for settlement, and fix
it upon an inquiry and examination as to where are
the highlands mentioned in the treaty of peace.
The British Government, after raising this con-
troversy, took possession ef the country north "of
the St. John, and held it by military force. You
all know (said Mr. T.) the long train of negotia-
tion which we have been amu.sed with upon,
this matter; the reference of the question of "where
were the highlands" to the King of Holland; b's
award, and the rejection of it by this Government.
He would now ask the attention of the Senate to
the close of this controversy to the treaty recently
concluded with Lord Ashburton. The negotiation
of this treaty shows the complete success of British
diplomacy. A territory which had been ours, not
only without dispute, but without any suspicion as
to the goodness of our title, for more than thirty
years, until the treaty of Ghent, was admitted by
our own Secretary of State to have never belonged,
to us. When the late treaty with Great Britain
was laid before the Senate, with the correspond-
ence which led to it, it was seen that the boundary
settled by it, between our possessions and the Brit-
ish, was one proposed by our Government, and ac-
ceded to by the British negotiator, giving them all
the territory north of the St. John, and a large
tract west, which they had. never claimed. Ws
lost all this (said Mr. T.)by negotiation, and would
not regain it without a war; for in any future nego-
tiation or reference as to the north line of Maine, we
could not expect the British to recede from the St.
John, when we had offered, not to cede the
country north of that river for an equivalent, but
to fix upon that as the true boundary intended to
be described m the treaty of 1783. For this reason,
he voted to ratify this treaty. The boundary was
our own proposition; and we would be considered
by the whole civilized world as precluded from
advancing a claim to a more northern boundary,
