m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The territory was lost by our own folly, and could
not be regained without a war; and war, in the
present state of the country, (which he would not
explain, as it was understood by eveiy Senator,)
was, with him, entirely impracticable.
Individuals (said Mr. T.) are called fools if tbey
will not profit by their own experience: so are na-
tions. If, sdon after the treaty of 1783, we bad
granted the land in the north part of Maine, and
invited a settlement to be made on it, it would
never have been claimed by Great Britain. The
northwest corner of Nova Scotia would now be
the northeast corner of the United Stales. But,
instead of settling it ourselves, we let the British
settle it; we negotiated until it was gone from us.
He was for taking a very different course with the
Oregon Territory. He would let the hardy West-
ern yeomanry in upon that country; he would
plant fifty thousand rifles there, in hands that knew
how to use them; and no more would be heard of
, British claimants, or British claims to that terri-
tory. If (said Mr. T.) this is not done—if, from
fSiar of offending our old mother, we forbear to
lake strong possession of the country, and go on
negotiating and arbitrating about it as we did about
Maine—by-and-by some Secretary of State will be
fonnd proposing the line of the Rocky Mountains
as the Western boundary of our glorious Union.
Yes, and proposing it when we dare not involve
the nation in a war. He would trust to no such
contingency. He would settle the country imme-
diately, and hold it.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, who intimated a
desire to examine certain documents relating to this
subject, the bill was informally passed over.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 11, 1842.
Mr. LEVY offered a resolution calling upon the
Secretary of the Navy to communicate to the
House a copy of the report, survey, and estimate,
with reference to the improvement of the monih
of the river Suwanee; and also, that he prepare
and furnibh the House with esumates of the sum
required to construct a railroad to connect the St.
John and Suwanee rivers.
Mr. EVERETT objected to everything out of
the regular order of business.
Mr. KING said he had a resolution, which was
simply one of inquiry, and would not occupy a
minute; but the objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. READ presented a petition for the repeal
of the bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER then called for reports of com-
mittees, and the following were presented:
Mr. OSBORNE, from the Committee of Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of George A. Win-
slow; which was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, it
was ordered that the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the petition:-,
of citizens of the State of Connecticut, for the im-
jirovement of the Thames river; and they were re-
ferred to ihe Committee of Ways and Means,
The same committee, on like motions, was dis-
charged from other petitions and memorials on va-
rious subjects.
Mr. HOLMES presented a petition of John H.
Sargent, of the State of South Carolina, praying
an amendment of the law regulating the granting
of patents for inventions.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to tins
House the amount of goods lost by fire in the public stores m
the city of New York, (luring the last ten years, and the dunes
that would have been paid on such goods if they had not been
destroyed.
On the motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was
Mesoteed, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the further consideration of so much of the gen-
eral estimates of appropriations for 1843-'44 as relates to the
rebuilding of the light-houae on Brandy wine shoal, Delaware
Bay, and to the construction of a light hoijse on Plynn's Knoll,
near Sandy Hook; and that the subjects be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On the motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the following resolu-
tion, viz: uResolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency and necessity of
so amending the act of the 29th of August last, entitled {An act
to provide for the settlement of certain accounts for the sup-
port of Government in the Territory of Wisconsin,' as to author-
ize the Legislatures of the respective Territories of the United
States to employ a sufficient number of officers and attendants
for the transaction of the public business, and to regulate their
per diem compensation, s© that it shall not, in the aggregate,
exceed the sum of $3 per day to each; and that they report by
hill, or otherwise;" and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. POPE, from the Committee on the Territo-
ries, reported a bill to authorize the election or ap-
pointment of officers in tie Territory of Wisconsin;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. POPE submitted a resolution to set apart
Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, the last day
of January and the first two days of February, for
the consideration of the business relating to the
Territories of th? United States.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSOJST hoped that the House
would not agree to the resolution. He had no ob-
jection to take up the Territorial business at the
proper time; but he could not consent to fix speci-
fic days, on which it should override all other busi-
ness, how important soever it might be.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland said, at previous
sessions five days had been usually appropriated to
Territorial business; but now, only three days were
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON reminded the House
that there were but 45 legislative days remaining
of this fhort session.
Mr. POPE explained.
Mr. BLACK hoped the resolution would be
agreed to. There was a great deal of important
bnsinsss m which ihe Territories were concerned,
which must be laid before the House during the
present session, There was the boundary difficulty
between the State of Missouri and the Territory of
Iowa, which was eliciting much warmth of feeling,
and which he hoped the Houre would take some
steps to settle. He entreated the gentleman from
Tennessee, theiefore, not to oppose the motion of
ihe gentleman from Kentucky, for three days would
be barely sufficient lor the disposal of the business
to come before them.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON would consent to two
days being set apart for the Territorial business;
and he suggested the first Friday and Saturday
in February. (Cries of "And meet at 10 o'clock.")
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question,
observing that Ihe time proposed in the resolution
was short enough.
The prevku* question was sustained by the
House, the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee was negatived, and the original resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. BLACK, from tbe Committee on the Terri-
tories, reported a bill to amend "An act to provide
for the settlement of certain accounts for the su -
port of Government in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, and for other purposes;" which was read
twice, and committed to the Committee cf the
Whole.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. EVERETT asked if it in order to
move a suspension of the rules, for the purpose of
taking up the bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER replied that the resolution of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bownk,] in
relation to the bill to refund the fine of General
Jackson, would take precedence during the morn-
ing hour.
That subject was then taken up, on which the
gentleman from Kentucky [Sdr. Wm. O. Eotler]
had the floor.
Mr. WM. 0. BUTLER addressed the Honse
during the hour, in vindication of Gen. Jackson's
course, and in advocacy of a return of the fine.
Mr. HUNT obtained the floor; but the morning
hour having expired, the subject went over.
THE EXCHEQUER.
The SPEAKER announced tbe resolution of the
Committee of Ways and Means, expressive of the
opinion that it was not expedient to adopt the ex-
chequer plan cf the Executive, to be the next
business in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who had the floor from
yesterday, then resumed the discussion. He com-
menced by remarking that the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Proffit,] in the course of his remafks
last night, took occasion to introduce the name of
Mr. Clay—as he (Mr. U.) thought, without any
great propriety—in an attempt to illustrate, as the
gentleman had said, the influence of conspicuous
individuals in the administration of the affairs of
a bank of the United States, He had subsequently
addressed the following letter to the editors of a
morning paper.
Washington, January 10th, 1843.
Messrs. Gales akd Seaton : In an argument made by ine,
to-day, in the House of Representatives, I asserted that the Bank
of the United States had, in many instances, been influenced, in
the granting of accommodations, by persons h'gh in power, and
by politicians of conspicuous standing. This assertion was
made m reply to (he allegation that the exchequer plan of the
President was liable to fall under the influence of men in high,
stations; and I said that gentlemen arguing in favor of a bank
oi the United States weie seemingly forgetful of the fact of its
having been so influenced. I then referred to a case from Pe-
ters's Reports of the decisions of the .Supreme Court of tha
United States, 9th volume, page 382—Bank of the United States
tis Waggener and others. I stated that, after the Branch Bank
of the United States at Lexington, Kentucky, had twice refused
to grant a loan, upon a third application, tbiough the influence
or representation of Mr. Clay and other gentleman, the loaa
was granted or authorized by the parent boaid at Philadelphia,
notwithstanding the refusal of the branch at Lexington. I also
distinctly stated, and repeated, that 1 did not intend to cast th©
least shadow flf imputation upon either the personal or political
character of Mr. Clay; and neither did I intend to say that he
was personally concerned in any manner with this bank trans-
action A gentleman fiom Kentucky (Mr. Ukderwood, who
13 now entitled to the floor) said that the case referred to by me
would not bear out my assertion, 1 would deeply lament if I
should do any person injustice, particularly Mr. Clay; and
therefore I hasten to give the following extracts from the decis-
ion referred to.
The following is an extiactofthe facts in the statement of
the case—Peteis^s Reports, vol. ix., pace 382:
''In the state of things existing in 1822, William Owens ap-
plied to the office at Lexington 1 or a loan of S5,000, in the notes
of the Bank of Kentucky, assuring the bank that they would
answer his purpose as well as gold and silver. The offer was
rejected by the directors of the bank; and, on its renewal, was
again lefu&ed. A. thud time the loan was applied for; the in-
terference of a gentleman connected with the business of the
bank(not a director) to procure it was solicited and obtained,
and the application was referrtd to the board at Philadelphia,
by which the loan was authorized.-''
It further appears from this report, page 3S5—
"That this negotiation was at the earnest instance of Owens,
and for his accommodation. When he thought his own in-
stances insufficient, he sought the aid of others, and especially-
applied to Mr. Clay, who was counsel for the bank, and to the
late Colonel Morrison, who had been president of the office, to
use their influence as his fiiendsto aid him in obtaining what
he asked."
It further appears, from a statement of Mr. Sergeant, coun-
sel for the bank, on page 3?8: "That the office twice declined
his (Owens'?) application, and then he employed the influence
of his friends, Mr. Clay and Colonel Morrison, to obtain an
"order from the parent board."
I couMsiive other extracts, if time permitted. My assertion
that Mr. CJoy's influence was sought and used with the parent
bank, was based on the authority of the facts thus disclosed3
which diotmctly show that "a gentleman not a director," but
one "connected with Ike business of the bank," must have
meant Mr. Clay; because Colonel Morrison is stated only to
have been president of the bank. Mr. Ciay,as appears by the
record, was then attorney for the hank at Lexington.
I submit whether my assertion is not sustained, by the facts,
and I ask an immediate insertion of this letter in the Intelli-
gencer, that Mr. Underwood or any other gentleman may
have an opportunity to coirectmeif T have unintentionally
misrepresented the case. GEORGEH. PROFFIT.
Mr. XJ. th?n went on losay, that Ihe first extract
in that letter was not complete. It should have gone
on and said: "A mortgage on real estate being
given as additional security on tbe loan;" and then
it would have shown that, while Mr. Clay "was
willing tou&e his influence to obtain a loan for his
friends, he took carc ibat it was secured by a
mortgage en real estate. This was showing an ad-
ditional trait in_ the character of Mr, Clay, with
which he (Mr. TJ ) was satisfied; but he would ad-
vise the g?ntlpfnan from Indiana [Mr. Proffit]'
when, in future, he wished to extract a passage
from a reccrd, never to ^top in the middle of a
sentence, nor make a full stop where there should be
but a comma. With soma other observations oa
ihe transaction referred to in the above extracts,
he dismissed that at'rjeet, and proceeded to other
considerations connected with it.
The gentleman from Indiana, by citing the name
uf Mr. CUv, had d'ASired to prove that a Bank of
the United Sta'ey would yield obediencc to the soli«
citation of diaiiagmshed men, and would exercise
the expansive power, or grant loans and deal in
exchange under the influence of politicians; but in
all this, the rentleman had failed to draw an obvi-
ous distinction, which could not fail to strike the
mind of every man who thought on the subject.
