IBS
-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iheir Treasures; instead of selecting a man who
for"yearis had manifested a consistent devotion
to i&eir principles, the Whig party selected John
Tyler, merely for the sake of carrying the State
of Virginia. Having made this selection, it
was* very probable that the Whigs of Virginia
may have put forth such an address intended for
that State only; but it was known that at Nashville
the convention pat forth resolutions directly the
contrary, and in favor of a bank of the United
States. We learn (said Mr. U.) wisdom by ex-
perience; and no man will, in future, get on the
Whig ticket except on principle. The contest
would then be carried on on principles alone. He
himself should retire to the shades of private life;
see "his own corn grow, and raise his own lambs.
But, as an American citizen, he should take a live-
ly interest in the coming contest, and he hoped to
see it waged on great principles, and not on the
mere scramble for place of political aspirants.
He concluded by expressing it as his belief that
>the next Presidential contest would be decided
•upon the question as to whether there should be a
national currency, based on individual funds; on
the question of distributing the proceeds of the
public lands to the States, to whom, as he thought,
they rightly belonged; on the question of restricting
the power of the Executive by limitations upon it,
through an amendment to the Federal Constitution;
and on all those other measures which had be-
come the standard faith of the Whig party. When
the contest turned on questions like these, he as
firmly believed that the people would decide it m
favor of the ascendency of ihe Whigs, as he now be-
lieved he was talking to the House of Representa-
tives. It must be so, or the institutions of the country
could not be preserved. Without it, they would
not be worth preserving.
Mr. EVERETT said that the principal object
he had in view was to bring this debate to a close,
by moving the previous question. He would sub-
mit, as an apology for so doing, that there were
now three or fuur subjects before the House, upon
which, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Prof-
pit] well remarked, the same speeches might be
made. On all of them, a collateral debate had
arisen, without regard to the matter immediately
before the House. Before he took his scat, how-
ever, he had a word or two to say upon the ques
tion now pending. When the exchequer plan was
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means,
it would be recollected that he moved to instruct
the committee to report the identical till as sub-
mitted by the President, with a view of coming to
a direct vote upon it. He considered Mich a course
to be due to the Executive. It was presented to
Congress as the peculiar measure of the President,
and he thought it due to that officer that the House
should express a direct opinion upon it. This
was not the first time it had been recommended by
"the Executive; and, on that account, the course
which he (Mr. E ) had suggested was the more
important, This repetition of the Executive rec-
ommendation was a still greater reason why the
House should come to a decision upon the meas-
ure.
But it was al*o recommended in other quarters,
of which he would give the origin and history. Al
the close of the extrasession of the present Congress,
a member of the cabinet, (Mr. Webster,)—the only
member of the Harrison Cabinet who remained in
office—wrote a letter, in which he pledged binuelf
that ihe Excutive should recommend some meas-
ure which would give relief to the country. That
member of the cabinet pledged his reputation that
such a measure should be brought forward. Af-
ter that period, he (Mr. E.) always considered this
(the exchequer) lo be the measure of that member
of the cabinet—drawn up by him, and originating
with him. Indeed, when the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury upon the plan was sent to Con-
gress, it was considered by every one as the argu-
ment of the member of the cabinet to whom he re-
ferred. At the last session, it was not favorably re-
ceived. A committee of the friends of the President,
to whom it was referred, made vital alterations in
it, and no action was taken by the House upon the
report. It now came to Congress with another Ex-
ecutive recommendation. But he would first state
the fact   hich occurred jsrihe vacation: The Sec-
retary of State, in a speech delivered by him at
Faaeuil Hall, again recommended it as the only
measure which should be adopted—and adopted
without modification. This recommendation was
reiterated by the Secretary of War. Now, it struck
him, that there was an almost unparalleled degree
of recklessness exhibited in the recommendations
of these two Secretaries. They must have known
that it had no chance whatever of being adopted;
yet the'recommendation of it to favorable considera-
tion would hereafter give them an opportuni'y to
say that, had their counsels been taken, the country
would greatly have been benefited.
He held that this measure contradicted all thoss
grounds on which the party to which those two
Secretaries were attached had' fought the political
batde of 1840. The main issue then was upon the
sub-treasury; and that was condemned, because it
wes a Government bank in disguise. It was ob-
jectionable because it gave too much power to the
President, and because, if managed (as it would
bf) by politicians, it would scon run in'o bankrupt-
cy. This measure of the exchequer would carry
out the obnoxious principles which the Whig party
predicted would lesult from the sub-treasury. He
agreed with the Secretary of State in the opinion
that both the bill reported by the committee of the
friends of the President in the House, and that re-
ported in the Senate, would be injurious. The
President's bill he did not doubt would have the
effect of enlarging the currency; but it would, at
the same time, enlarge the power of the Executive;
and therefore was liable to the same objection as the
sob-treasury. The proposition, he apprehended,
was never made with the expectation that it would
receive Whig votes, but was addressed to (he other
side of the House. And why did it not find favor with
the Democratic party? He answered, because they
would never avow that the object of the sub-treas-
ury was to create a Government bank, whilst this
bill did so plainly. That party never could be in-
duced to say that the sub-treasury was intended lo
be, or could become, a Government bank. Should
it be adopted by a Democratic Congress, he had no
fear of its being vetoed; because, if fairly estab-
lished and put under way, it would become a bank
of discount and circulation, as the exchequer
would be.
He believed that the opinion of the country—
certainly that of the House—was made up upon
this measure; and as it was now before the House
in such a way as to exclude the transaction of all
other business so long as it remained undisposed
of, (the suspension of the rules having given it
preference,> in order to take it out of the way of
other matters, he would move the previous ques-
tion, and also a call of the House.
Mr. CUSHING said he hoped the gentleman
would not persist in his motion—msking a speech
attacking all the wcrld around hirn, and then per-
mitting no one to reply. Such, indeed, was strange
generosity.
Mr. EVERETT asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion for a call of the Home.
They were ordered.
Mr. ATHERTON susgfsted to the gentleman
[Mr. Everett] to withdraw bis motion, and move
an adjournment; so as to let the question stnnd
over until to-morrow, whenitcould be taken eatly.
Mr. EVERETT consented to withdraw the mo-
tion for a call of the Hottse, and withdrew the mo-
tion for the previous question for a moment, m
order to enable him to submit an amendment to the
resolution of the Committee of Ways and Means.
He moved to amend the resolution, by striking out
the word "no!;" the effect of which amendment
would be to declare the plan of an exchequer "ts-
pedient."
He then renewed hii motion for the previous
question.
Mr. ATHERTON moved an adjournment; but
withdrew the motion for a momen1, at the request
of
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON, who presented
the proceedings of the people of Erie county, Penn-
sylvania, in favor of the issue of $200,000,000
Government srtock, to be divided among theStatns.
Mr. WINTHROP rose and said that, as this
was an adverse report, and the usual course of such
reports was to lay them upon the table, he moved
that this whole subject be laid on the table.
Such being the state of the question—
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 12, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro ten. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury, covering
a report made agreeably to the sixth section of the
act for the extension of the loan of 1841, and for
an addition of five millions thereto, and for allow-
ing interest on treasury notes due; showing that
there had been borrowed .under that act the sum of
of §5 672,976 88; and that $16 155 of that amount
was obtained at 51 per cent., §3,213,79 1 86 at 5J
per cent., and $2,443,030 02 at 6 per cent.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the communication
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, the
resolutions of the Legislature of Connecticut, re-
questing Congress to adopt measures for disciplin-
ing the officers commanding the militia throughout
the United States, which was presented and order-
ed to be printed a few days ago, was referred to the
Committee on the Militia.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial, signed by
sundry persons, against the repeal of the bankrupt
law; and requesting, in any modification of the
law by Congress, that the essential features of the
law, as now existing, may be retained. Mr. D.
said he did not know from what quarter the peti-
tion came, but begged leave to state that, in pre-
senting it, be did not wish it to be received as any
indication of what his course would be in the ac-
tion upon the bill to repeal the law: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, without amendment, and
• with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill for
the relief of Mary Tucker.
Mr. SMITH, Irom the same committee, to which
was referred the House bill entitled "An act for the
relief of Joseph Hoover, and Abelard Guthrie, and
Edmund Ogden," reported the same back with an
entire substitute for the bill, which was read.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
leported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill for the re-
lief of William G. Sanders.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, to which
as referred the bill for the relief of Teackle Sav-
age, administrator of Bolitha Laws, made a report
adverse to its passage; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, lo which was referred House bill for the relief
of David W. Haley, made a report adverse to its
passage; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from John
Hutrhios, praying to be allowed a pre-emption
light to a certain tract of land.
Also, a petition from Thomas L. Somerall,
praying for the confirmation of a certain entry of
public land, made while he was register of the
land office at Mount Salus, Mississippi.
Also, a petition from John Fletcher, representa-
tive of William Taylor and Robert Elliott, praying
confirmation to a certain tract of land, or an equiva-
lent therefor.
And also the petition of Zachariah Dixon, pray-
ing for the right of pre-emption to ICO acres of
land; which several petition* were referred to the
Commit'ee on the Public Land*.
Mr. W. also presented a petition from William
Dowsing, register of the land office for the north-
eastern district of Mississippi, praying to be reim-
bursed m, neys paid by him for clerk-hire; which
was refened to tbe Commbtsc on Claims.
Mr. KING remarked thit on jesterday the joint
lesolution authorizing the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to settle, on certain term*-', the liabilities of the
sureties of Geulon I>. Boyd, late receiver of
public moneys at Columbus, Mississippi, was
rejected. He was opposed to the r> solution as i
stood, and voted against it. Since then, he bad ex
amined i , and had come to the conclusion that i-
might be passed in such form as to guard more
