COB&1ESSIONAL GLOBB.
153
effectually the interests of the Unfed States. He
therefore moved that the vote rejecting it be re-
considered.
The question was put, and the vote was recon-
sidered.
Tbsen, on motion by Mr. KING, the resolution
was recommitted to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill "to
revive the act entitled "An act to enable the claim-
ants to lands' within the limits of Missouri and the
Territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to
try the validity of their claims," approved the 26th
of May, 1824, and an act to amend the same, and
extending the provisions of said act to claimants
to land within the States ot Louisiana and Missis-
sippi; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The following bills were taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, considered, reported to the
Senate, and ordered to a third reading, viz:
House bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas
J?, Winslow.
House bill for the relief of Burr & Smith.
House bill for the relief of Ferdinand Seibert.
House bill for the relief of Elisha Moreland,
William M. Kennedy, Robert J. Kennedy, and
Mason E. Lewis.
House bill for the relief of Peter Lionberger.
House bill for the relief of John R. Delany.
House bill for the relief of James M. Morgan.
House bill for the relief of Cornelius Wilson
and James Canter.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain Samnel Shannon,
deceased."
The bill to authorize the Legislatures of the
States of Arkansas and Tennessee to sell lands
heretofore provided for the use of schools in those
States, was taken up as in committee of the whole
on an amendment from the Committee on Public
Lands—being an entire substitute for the bill, and
making its provisions of general application.
The substitute, after being amended on the sug-
gestion of Mr. YOUNG, was adopted, reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
owners, officers, and crew of the armed brig War-
rior, or their legal representatives," was taken up
as in committee of the whole.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the Committee on
Finance had examined the bill, and made a report
adverse to its passage. He therefore moved that
the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The question was puton the motion, and carried
in the affirmative.
Senate bill to authorize the sale of school lands
in the State of Illinois, and to legalize such sales as
have been made prior to the passage of this act,
was taken up; and, on the motion of Mr. SMITH
of Indiana, (who said the object of the bill was pro-
vided for in the bill on the same subject already
acted upon,) was laid on ihe table
The bill to indemnify .claimants for spoliations
committed by the French prior to 1800, came up
in erder as in committee of the whole; and, with-
out action thereon, was, on the motion, of Mr.
ARCHER, laid on ihe table for the present, with a
view to await the action of the House on the same
subject.
Senate bill declaring the assent of Congress to
the State of II inois imposing a tax on ail lands
heretofore sold by the United States in that State,
from and after the time of such sale, was taken up
as in committee of the whole, considered, report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed tor a
third reading.
ThePRESlDENTpre tenj. laid before the Senate
a communication (rom the Solicitor of the Treasury,
on the subject of the claims of the first municipali-
ty of New Orleans to the square of ground on
which the customhouse of that city is, constructed;
which, on motion by Mr. CONRAD, was ordered
to he on the table, and be printed.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The bill to authorize the occupation and settle-
ment of the Territory of Oregon, came up as the
unfinished business-; the question pending being,
"Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. SEVIER said the select committee, to whom
the subject of the settlement of the Oregon Terri-
tory had been referred, had endeavored, in consid-
ering the subject, to effect two objects—one was the
preservation of our national faith, and the other
was the preservation of our rightful possessions
west of the Rocky Mountains, And the commit-
tee believed that those two objects will be effected by
the passage t>f the bill they have submitted to the
Senate.
It was gratifying to him to find that every Sena-
tor conceded the point, that our right to the territo-
ry in question was incontestable. That question
bad been well settled.
He had in his pessession documents which set
forth, in brief and comprehensive terms, the claim
of the United States.
Mr. Gallatin had claimed for the United States
the possession of this territory, on the^e grounds:
"The first discovery of the Columbia, by Gray; the first ex-
ploration of the territory through which thdt rivet flows, by
Lewis and Clarke; and the establishment of the first posts and
settlements m the said territory, by citizens of the United
States:
"The virtual recognition by the British Government of the
title of the United States, in the restitution of the post near the
mouth of the Columbia, agreeably to the first article of the
treaty of Ghent., without any reservation or exception whatso-
ever:
"The acquisition by the United States of all the titles of
Spain, whidi titles were derived from the discovery and ex-
ploration of the coasts of the region in question, by Spanish
subjects, before they had been seen by the people of any other
civilized nation:
"And, lastly, upon the ground of contiguity, which should
give to the United States a stronger right to those territories
than could be advanced by any other power. 'If' said Mr.
Gallatin, 'a few trading factories on the shores of Hudson's
Bay have been considered by Great Britain as giving an ex-
clusive right of occupancy as far as the Rocky Mountains—if
the infant settlements on the more southern Atlantic shores jus-
tified a claim thence to the South Seas, and which was actually
enforced to the Mississippi—that of the millions of American
citizens already within reach of those seas, cannot consistently
be rejected. It will not be denied, that the extent of contiguous
eountry to which an actual settlement gives a prior right, must
depend, in a considerable degree, on the magnitudeand popu-
lation of that settlement, and on the facility with which the va-
cant adjacent land may, within a short time, be occupied, set-
tled, and cultivated by such population, compared with the
probability of its being occupied and settled from any other
quarter. This doctrine was admitted to its fullest extent by
Great Britain, as appeared by all her charters, extending from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, given to colonies established then
only  n the borders of the Atlantic. How much more natural
ana stronger the claim, when made by a nation whose popula-
tion extended to the central parts of the continent, and whose
dominions were by all acknowledged to extend to the Rocky
Mountains.'"
These were the points upon which our claim
was based. It was unnecessary to trouble the Sen-
ate by Roing any further into the evidence of our
title. Our discovery of the country drained by the
Columbia river had been made as early as the
year 1793. But our claim did not rest alone upon
priority of discovery, but also upon a treaty of ces-
sion with Spain, by which the title of Spain to ihe
country in question, in 1819, became the properly
of the United States. We had not, in the year
1792, any settlement west of the Mississippi river,
which then belonged to Spain; and, in fact, but
few settlers west of the Allegany mountains, We
had no Stale wett of the Ohio river <r of the Alle-
gany mountain?; and it was therefore a matter of
no consequence whether we owned the territory
at that early period or not. But in the year 1803,
when the treaty with the French Republic was
made, it had become important lhat we should
possess that portion of c-ouniry, for the purposes of
trade, for the sake of the fur trade and of the
lumber trade; but most of all was it important
for the purpose of pro'ecting our settlements from
the Indians, who were tampered with, as had al-
ways been the case, by the English. Hence it
would be found that Mr. Jefferson had, as early
ss 1804, recommended to Congress an appropria-
tion for the exploration of the Missouri, and the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Lev/is
and Clarke were accordingly authorized to explore
the Missouri river to its sources, and thence the
country we^tof the Rocky Mountains to the ocean;
and they were the first who explored the tract of
country lying aloHg the course of that rtver, and
west ol the Rocky Mountains. Pursuing the same
object, Mr. Madison granted facilities for the es-
tablishment of a colony at ihe mouth of the Co-
lumbia, uprm the application of Mr. Astor. A
settlement was formed, and a fort erected, and an
important commerce was established with Russia
and with China. But when the war of 1812
broke out, that coast being under the con-
trol and in the possession of renegades, it
was given up to a British armed force, without
firing a gun. Had there been a sufficient
force, the result would probably have been differ-
ent. But the place was surrendered; and it con- s#
tinned to be occupied by the British until the treaty
of 1818, when our commissioners required its sur-
render, and it was given up. But, the British
having occupied the country for so long a period—
from 1812 until 1818—they had been enabled to
erect a line of fortf, and to extend their settlements
over the whole country; and, when our people came
again into possession, they found themselves under
considerable disadvantage^all the most important
p.oints being preoccupied by the English; who had
taken care also to instil into the Indian tribes such
a hatred of our people, that it was dangerous for
them to attempt forming a settlement at all. They
were compelled, in some cases, to abandon their
forts. And, when an attempt was made, in 18X8,
to settle the line of boundary, the British refused to
come to any terms. They desired to navigate the
Columbia river, and, in fact, to command the
whole country. The consequence was, that cer-
tain stipulations, by which the country was io be
occupied in common for the space of ten years,
were entered into. If Senators would for a mo-
ment turn their attention to the terms of those stip-
ulations, they would find that no provision was
contained in them by which the settlement of that
tract of country was prohibited or prevented.
Each nation bad the right to claim access to the
ports of the other, for the purposes of trade and
commerce. There was no provision by which set-
tlement was restricted. He had procured a work,
which was prepared for the State Department, by
Greenhow, in which this arrangement will be
found, and in which much other valuable informa-
tion, connected with the discovery and settlement of
that country, is also to be found.
The British bad extended their settlements every-
where; and not only had they done this, but they
had gone on and attached the whole of that country
to the province of Canada, appointed justices of the
peace, and were administering their laws through-
out that country.
What was it that we now proposed to do? We
proposed to endeavor to get possession of what we
were entitled to, and of which we had for so long a
time been kept out of possession. By passing
this bill, we should extend to our settlements that
protection and encouragement they so much> need-
ed. The bill had been more carefully drawn than
that which passed the British Parliament; for pro-
vision had been made that, in all cases, persons
claiming to be British settlers should be banded
over to the British authorities for trial; whereas
they made no such concession on their part, but,
on the contrary, compelled ejery aggressor to be
tried by her laws, as administered in the courts of
Canada, and the smaller offences by justices of the
peace within the territory.
Mr. LINN here stated the additional fact, that
the British even claimed the right to exercise juris,
diction over ths Indian tribes, and had actually
tried and executed Indians for eapital offences.
Mr. SEVIER proceeded to observe that this
bill had been framed wuh a view to as great liberal-
ity as possible. It provided for the building of a
chain of forts across the mountain*. The British
had been building forts themselves everywhere;
ihey could no', thca, find fauit with us for doing
what they had already done.
Now, what were the objections which were raised
against ihe passage of this bill? One objection was,
that bv it we ^rant lands to settlers. Ke (Mr. 8.)
looked upon this as the very life and soul of the
bi'l. Strike out thi; provisioB, and you would
have no settlers there; but, on the contrary, the
cotiutry would remain in the possession of the
British henceforth and forever.
Look at the situation of the country. Consider
the dis'ance from the confines of Missouri to be
traversed by settlers—through a country, too, filled
with Indians, many of them hostile—a country
through which there was no road, and in which
they could only subsist by their skill and success as
