144
. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hunters. They would have to traverse the moun-
tains amid hostile bands of Indians, and afterwards
descend the river, where they would meet the Brit-
ish—worse antagonists than the Indians. They
would have then to establish their settlements,
make their improvements, and erect their mills;
this would be a work of time, requiring two or
three years; and until this was done, they would
have to subsist upon the fish of the river and the
game of the wood?. Was it reasonable to suppose
that any one would be willing to encounter
these difficulties and .dangers without the hope of
reward? No. In his opinion, the bounty was
too small. He did not believe they would get a
- single settler to go there. If the land clause was
stricken out, they might as well destroy the whole
bill; they would then have a line of forts erect-
ed, without settlers to be protected; they would
have forts to protect nobody, for nobody would
go there. They would settle on this side of the
mountains, where there were no difficulties to be
encountered. For his own part, he would rather
see the bouuty quadrupled. He was sorry
to hear so much said about the power of Great
Britain, and our fears of her power. He disliked
to hear these appeals made to our fears.
Though Great Britain bad filled the whole world
with dread, yet he hoped to see one nation, at least,
that would not succumb to her aggression—and
that nation was the United States. He hoped to
see this country carry out her laws, regardless of
what Great Britain might think or do. Tbis coun-
try bad already experienced aggressions on th®
part of Great Britain. The public mind was a
little sore on this subject. He would dislike to see
them repeated, though h? did not fear the power of
England. On a late occasion he had voted to take
possession of a tract of country claimed by Great
Britain. And he was not alone in '.hat vote—he
had with him the Senator from Missouri—and not
succeeding, he had voted for the treaty. He had
grown tired of negotiations at that time, and was
mors so now; and he believed other Senators were
also.
In regard to this subject, he desired some action
should take place. We had a right to the whole
of that country, from the Mexican to the Russian pos-
sessions—all of it that was worth claiming;—for
south of 49 degrees parallel, there was not suti cient
rain for agricultural purpose-;. The only portion fit
for cultivation was from 42 degree* to 49 degrers of
north latitude. If the British were confined to the
country norlh of the 49th parallel of latitude, they
could have no other object in remaining there but
the carrying on of the fur trade, that would soon
be exhausted; and when that is exhausted, that
whole coast, both by British and Russians, will be
abandoned,"'and, of consequence, virtually fall into
our possession.
He believed the posses-sion of that country was
highly important to this Government, for the pur-
pose of carrying on our trade jn the Pacific ocean
with China and Russia, it was important that
we should have a place where our vessels might
go for supplies and for repairs; they were now ob-
liged to resort to the Sandwich Islands for these
purposes. He considered it important, also, in
order to preserve peace upon our ftontier. He
wouid be m favor of putiing in opr ration the prin-
ciples advanced by Mr. Monroe, in hK message
to Congress in December, 1623.
Mr. Monroe said that
"The occasion had been judged pioper for martin;? as a
principle, m which the rights and interests 01" the Tinned Siates
are involved, that the American continents, by the fre<3 and in-
dependent condition which they have assvmed and maintained,
are henceforth not to be considered as subjects for cloniz-ation
by any European power.',J
This is a sentiment to which be most cordially
responded; and m order to carry it out to the letter,
he was willing to encounter some difficulties and
dangers. He would be willing, if our financial
condition would justify it, to vote a million or
two of dollars to build a railroad from the
frontiers of Missou, i, up the- valley of the river
Platte, to its source in the Rocky Mountains;
and on this road, between ttiese points, which
could be travelled in two or three days, car-
ry all our emigrants and their effects, for a
year or two, free of cost or chargcs. But, unfor-
tunately, we have not got the money for making
such a road, although over such a country, which
is level and a prairie, where there would be no
grading of consequence, and no timber or obstruc-
tions to remove; it would cost comparatively but a
trifling sum—perhaps a million and a half, or two
millions of dollar;. I would at this time prefer
such an expenditure of the public money, to any
distribution -of it to the States.
He was sorry to find Senators objecting to pur-
sue this course, for fear of giving offence to Great
Britain. She had been extending her settlements
south of tbe Columbia river, and she had erected
forts; but the building- of forts alone by u«, without
inducing settlers to migrate, would as speedily set
us by the ears with Great Britain, as if we made
the grants. These were the views he entertained
in relation to the subject. He hoped, therefore, the
bill would pass, as he believed it was highly im-
portant to the interests of this country that the
Territory of Oregon should be settled and pro-
tected.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate for con-
siderably more than an hour. It is; not possible to do
justice to his remarks till published in full. At
present, all that can be given is a mera outline of
some of the leading points which he urged'.
He reviewed the gradual increase of the British
pretensions to the northwest coast, and showed that
up to 1818 nobody heard of her having any
to the Territory of Oregon. Then, on her refusal
to accede to a just settlement of boundary, she
laid a nest-egg for a future claim of right, by a
stipulation for joint occupation and settlement.
Before the ten years of that stipulation had ex-
pired, she had hatched this nest-egg into z chicken,
that flapped its wings and crowed defiance; and
she said that British interests had grown up on the
Columbia river, which she should and would pro-
tect. And from that day to this, she had been fol-
lowing up this avowal, by encouraging her fur
companies to make settlements in, and to occupy
the most valuable portions of, the territory. Through
the agency of these companies, and the ad-
vantages enjoyed by her subjects of importing
into the country British and foreign goods duty
free, she had rendered the various Indian tribes of
the whole region tributary to her; our citizens were
compelled to abandon all compe ition with her tra-
ders; many of them were either murdered or ex-
pelled by the Indians. And to talk of joint occupa-
tion was absurd; for, according to the doctrines now
held m regard to the treaty of 1818, she practical-
ly is tu have all the trade and occupation, and we
are to refrain fiorn taking the same steps she has
taken.
Mr. B. took an extensive review of the title of
the United Siates, at.d also of the claims set up
at different periods of time by Great Britain. He
showed the position of the question at the time
Mr. Adams was Secretary of Stale, and that then
not one word of her present extent of pretensions
was hf-ard.
Throughout every administration, from the
foundatii n oi the Government to the present
time, the grounds of our title, ai well as
of the Brriush pretensions, were openly and
fieely discussed in the face of the world. Every
negotiation on the subject—every proposition to or
by out Government—was instantly and openly
communicated to Congress, anil given to the people.
We had nothing to conceal. We avowed and main-
tained our title, m the face of the world ; and we
ma<Je no propositions that we could be ashamed
of. Now,/or the fiM lime, it is found that, on a
requiiition irosi the Senate of the United Stairs
for information from the Executive es to she
reasons why this question was not settled wiih
other questions Wtely adjusted by treaty, and
for information as to the propositions made ly
both Governments for its settlement, it ii siid
it, b ineoiripatib'e with the io'crests of the
counfry that the information should be given
Publicity might be incompatible with ihe honor of
the administration making such propositions or
concessions as it was to be feared were made to
the British negotiator; but it never could be in-
compatible with the interests of this country, which
never had, and never can have, anything to keep
secret in regard to her. title to anything she lays
claim to.
As to the idea that had been thrown out, that we
could not, if we threw ourselves upon our rights,
maintain the counfry against Great Britain, and any
attempt to do it would precipitate a war, which
would lose us the whole territory—he utterly repu-
diated it as a gross fallacy. When we were, as a
nation, much youcgar, less populous, and less
powerful, we not only held our own against Great
Britain, but humbled her. No.w that we are eigh-
teen millions, with an annual increase of at least
three per centum, it was not to be supposed that
we should fear her threat of war. It had been said
that she could, from her access by sea, and through
the facilities of her establishments already in the
hands of her far traders, and their influence over
the Indian country, pour into the territory thousands
of troops to expel our citizens. Bui, should she
attempt this, what might be the consequence
to herself at home—at her own doors? What the
effect of twenty or thirty thousand of our choicest
spirits poured into Ireland, to assist that nation
to recover its independence?
Great Britain would never want a pretence for
war, when she should deem it her interest to re-
linquish peace.. All her dispositions and arrange-
ments are to place herself in a position for aggres-
sive war. Her grasping policy circumvented the
globe. She was daily encroaching on the territory
of every o'.ber nation; while no ether nation in the
world was claiming any of hers. The day could
not be distant when such a power mast be involved
in war. He might not live to see it, but there
were those now in the years of manhood, who
would live to see the consequence of her arro-
gance. When that war with us comes, which is so
often threatened, the price she will have to pay for
it is not alone the loss of her Hudson bay territo-
ries and the Canadas, but the dismemberment of
her own kingdom by the independence of Ireland.
Mr. MOREHEAD obtained the floor; and, on
his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thohsday, January 12, 1843.
Mr. JOHN C. EDWARDS presented a petition
from sundry citizens of Missouri, praying the es-
tablishment of a post route from Port William, in.
Franklin county, Missouri, to Little Poney post
office, in Pulaski county, Missouri: referred to the
Committee on tbe Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. R1DGWAY presented a memorial, signed
by 13 members of the bar of Chilicothe, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to restore tbe summer term of the
United States circuit and district courts to Colum-
bus, the seat of government of Ohio; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, memorials of the same character, signed
by 141 ciiizens of Columbus, and others, all citi-
zens of Ohio; which were referred to the same
committee.
Mr. SHAW presented-the petition of John Mc~
Cliritcck and others, citizens of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions on American commerce prior to the year
1800.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired what would be the-
first business in order.
The SPEAKER said that the committees would
be called on for reports; after which, during the
morning hour, the resolution of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Bowne,] in relation to Gen-
eral Jackson's fine, would come up for considera-
tion.
The committees were then called 011 for reports.
JOINT RUI.F, IN RELATION TO CLAIMS.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported an additional j^int rule which had been
adopted by the Senate, with a recommendation
that it be adopted.
The SPEAKER wss about to put the question
on the engrossment of the rule, when
Mr. HOPKINS called for its-reading,
It was then read as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,) Thau
the following be added to the journals of the two Houses oi
Congress, to wit:
