456
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress; and on the very question upon which
the Democrats s'aked their existence as a party, he
defeated their wishes, by approving a bill to repeal
the sub-treasury. And were they now asked to
endorse all these acts? Upon what principle the
support asked by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr Coshing] was to be given, he could not
undertake to say. He knew of none. The meas-
ures approved by the President were all Federal,
and sustained by the majority of that party in
Congress. But perhaps it was thought the Demo-
cratic party should support the President on ac-
count of his Democratic acts. He (Mr. McK.)
would hereafter show that even in them he did not
concur with the party.
He was glad that in the next Congress the strife
would be ©ne of principle. There was a radical
difference between the two parties on the subject
of the tariff, the bank, and the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands. Did the President
agrse with th- Democracy upon these subjects? As
he understood the views of the President, that offi-
cer thought it wal the duty of the Government to
furnish a paper currency for the country. The
Whigs were also in favor of a paper currency; but
they thought it could be best applied through a
national bank, whilst the President proposed thjit
it should be afforded by. means of an exchequer.
The Democrats, on the other hand, declared that
there should be no paper currency creatid by the
Federal Government. Thus, it would be perceiv-
ed, there was a sad difference between them.
Here Mr. CUSHINQ rose to ask a question,
but
Mr. McK EON said he had no time to spare, and
proceeded with his remarks. In 1834, the Presi-
dent differed with the Whig party about a bank of
the United States. Still he declared that such an
institution was expedient. Mr. Tyler then said
that the Constitution should be amended. In his
speech on the removal of the deposites, he held
this language speaking of the advantages of a
United States bank: ''Nor am 1 insensible to the
beneficial influences it (has had) oter the currency
of the country; but I oppose it because it is uncon-
stitutional." Again: "If my opinion could have
any influence oyer the country, my advice would
be, restore the deposites,-and amend the Constitu-
tion." It was due to the President to say that his
opinions on this subject had been on record for
some time. His Whig friends should have inquir-
ed into them before they placed his name upon the
ticket for the Vice Presidency.
As for the exchequer which the President sent
to Congress, he held that it was the worst tch-me
for expanding the currency which he had ever j et
seen, and more fraught with dangerous results.
The Secretary of State had indeed shown how
much he understood about currency, when he
stakc-d his reputation upon its good results.
In 1841, the President recommended, m strong
term?, that the distribution law should be passed,
and went on to show that it would be of immense
benefit to the States by relieving them from taxa-
tion. On this point, therefore, th? President was
at issue with the Democratic parly; for they held
that no distribution law should be psptPti, let t! e
dutie? be over or under s20 per rent. Holding such
a law to be unconstitutional, it ma'lered not with
them whether th're was an oveiflowmg or an ex-
hausted treasury.
The head of this Administration was elected as
a Whig, and his Secretaries were identified with the
Whigs of 1840. They still had command of the
high places, and he knew not a man of them who
had eome to the conclusion to absolve h:ra<-elf from
his union or identification with the Whig party,
when battling against the Democrats in 1840. He
would say to his colleague from Otsego, [Mr.
Bowne,] who seemed so snxious to throw
open the doors of the Democratic church
to Mr. Webster, that he must have spoken
too quick. His colleague was not sure that Mr.
Webster would come. Mr. Webster said he was a
Whig, and always meant to be; and his colleague
might himself get into the Whig party, instead of
getting the Secretary of State into the Democratic
party. The t-peeeh at Faneuil Halt contained
this passage; "I am a Whig—always have been—
always will be; and if anybody undertakes to
turn me out of the pale of that communion, let
him see who'll get out first." Was this manifest-
ing any disposition to come into the Democratic
party? Were not all the opinions of Daniel Web-
ster reflected in the recommendations to the House
of Representatives? Was there no difference of
opinion between him and the Democratic party on
the subjects of the treaty, the tariff, and the currenc>?
He (Mr. McK.) never expected to see the Demo-
cracy of Daniel Webster. Mr. W. so firmly
believed in the truth of Federalism, and had so
long stood forth as its illustrious champion, that
he would never yield up that, in the defence of
which he had acquired all his reputation.
He recollected another incident, when a difficul-
ty occurred between this Government and France;
during which (he said) he would not vote the ap-
propriation if the enemy were thundering at the
door of the Capitol. Hs recollected, too, and well,
the declaration of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] that he had but another step to
• take, and that was into the ranks of the enemy; and
he should never forget the enthusiasm which
hailed that declaration, for it burst through all
bounds, tie went on to show that the gentleman
now at the head of the State Department, though
he might ask to be received into the Democratic
ranks, could never expect to be trusted.
He then reviewed the speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gushing,] which had
been so much commented on during this debate; and
made the declaration that, if it was meant that the
veto power was to be used to aid the Executive in
carrying on a war against the opposing party,
nothing could have so great an influence in exciting
the people of this country against the veto power
as such an avowal. He enumerated various
prominent questions, on which.there was a clearly
defined and irreconcilable difference on principle
between the two prominent parties in the country;
and showed the impossibilty of forming a party by
a combination of men holding such opposite prin-
ciples to carry on the Government. The Admin-
istration must be carried on, on one or the other set
of principles of the existing parties; and the man
who expected that he could form a political rain-
bow of various colors, mistook the temper of
the American people.
_Mr. KAYNER said he voted for the bankrupt
law at theextra session; and, as he meant to vote for
its repeal, he desired to state (he reasons which
governed him in the vote ho should give. He
voted for the bankrupt law with some misgivings;
but he yielded his doubt? regarding its propriety, at
the earnest entreaty of others, who deemed it essen-
tial to the well-being of thn community. The peo-
ple of North Carolina were less commercial in their
pursuits than some other people of the United
State?; and, so far as they were concerned, he saw
no pressing necessity for such a la*; but he could
not shut his eyes to the embarrassments and suffer-
ings and distresses that were operating on the
cfirameieial and trading sec'ions of the Union,
crippling their energies, and tying up the hands of
industry. And when he looked at the cause of
those embarrassments and distresses, he ssw the
suffering portions of the community were
not paying the p'-nslty of their own impru-
dence, hut w re enduring miseries brought upon
them by ra'.h and wicked measures of financial
quacks and political gamblers. It was a state of
things growing on: of twelve years of misrule, that
aroused the country in 1840 to overthrow the self-
styled Democratic party, and to bring in the Whig
party to relieve the country a« far as they could do
so; and the maladministration which they came in
to correct, forced open them the bankrupt tp.w. But
since the causes which led to the passage of the
bankrupt law no longer existed, or existed with
much less force, he thought the question might
now be entertained, whether these was a duty in-
cumbent cn th>m to keep the law any longer in
existence. The objects of the law hud been, in a
great, measure, accomplished. These who had
been thrown into insolvency by the maladminis-
tration of public affairs, had received the benefit
of it; those whose energies and industry had beer,
destroyed by the action of the Federal Govern-
ment, were left free, and the manacles struck from
their hands, and they could now pursue the on-
ward course of enterprise and industry.
The mechanic had been released, and again sent
to his shop; the sailor to his ship; the merchant to
his counter; and the farmer to his plough. The be-
neficent action of the law had presented to them new-
fields for enterprise and labor, in which they might
hereafter not only obtain the means of subsistence,
but of paying the debts from which they had been
released—debts which honor called on them to pro-
vide for when possessed of the ability to do so,
though they were freed from all legal obligations.
And while the honest and unfortunate had re-
ceived the benefits of this law, the reckless and im-
prudent had been brought to a state of accounta-
bility, and the creditor on his part had received the
benefits of it also. Notwithstanding thfe benefits
of the bankrupt law, still there were evils in it, as
there were in every finite system—a few of which
he would now advert to. Although he voted for
this law, considering that the objections to it were
more than counterbalanced by the benefits he
thought it would produce, jet he believed that
these objections operated with greaterforce now than
then. He also believed that the present state of
•things in the country, as well as public opinion,
demanded its repeal. One great objection to it.
was, that its tendency would be, he feared, to destroy
confidence, take away the means of obtaining
credit, and thereby materially injure the busi-
ness of the community. Capitalists would fear
to trust men of business, because of the in-
ducements held out to them to relieve themselves
from debt ia this easy and ready manner; while
men would be tempted to run into hazardous
and improvident speculations, from the belief that,
if they failed, they could, with so little trouble, ex-
tricate themselves from their embarrassments. An-
other serious objection to this law, as a permanent
system, was, that it came in conflict with, and
unsettled, all the laws which the States had es-
tablished for the regulation of the transactions be-
tween debtor and creditor. It was one of the es-
sentials to a sound system of trade, that the rela-
tions of debtor and creditor should be put on a
firm and permanent basis. Any law, therefore,
that prevented or interfered with this state of
things, was impolitic as well as unjust. There
was still another reason why he would vote for a
repeal of this law; and that \va«, that public opin-
ion had settled down to the conviction that it ought
to be repealed. He had, at the time of the enact-
ment of this law, stated iliat his constituents would
be but little affected by it, aad that, therefore, they
would care very little about it. He was still of
that opinion; but, so far as they had agitated
the subject, he believed that they were decidedly
in favor of the repeal. Though willing, however, to
vote for the repeal, yet he could not vote for it
without s^me amendment as to the time when
it should take effect. All those who had com-
menced the initiatory pioceedings to avail them-
selves of the benefits of the act, had doDe so on
the faith of the Government, and they had a sort
of vested right in it. Farther, it would not be
just to exclude those creditors from its benefits,
who had extended forbearance to their debtors to
this time. Such a proceeding would operate as a
punishment for the best and kindest feelings of
human nature, and would be calculated to destroy
all confidence in legislation. He was opposed to
the amendment including corporations in the pro-
visions of the bankrupt act, and agreed with the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens]
that it would be the most dangerous .xercise of
p:,wer that could be witnessed in this Government.
After some remarks commenting pretty severely
on the coune of the President, and expressing the
hope that the Whig party wcu'd revive again,
Mr. R. then went on to say that, however, mor-
tified he felt at many occurrences during this de-
bate, he was yet gratified that it had taken place.
It had served to draw more distinctly the lines of
party, and had shown to the country (what he long
knew) that there were but two parties in the Hoase
of Representatives. The Tyler faction were merged
into the Loeofoco party; and, amid the seething
