158
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ed to be printed) on the following bills from the
House, and adverse to their passage, viz:
The bill for the relief of Carter B, Chandler.
The bill granting a pension to Robert Poindezter
of Kentucky.
« The bill fox the relief of Elizabeth Dawkins; and
The bill granting a pension to John Peak.
Mr. BAYARD, from, the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the
following bills from the Housr, viz:
The bill for the relief of Benjamin J. Totten; and
The bill granting to James Lowe $1,000 and
one section of land.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of retaining the organ-
isation of the four companies of Jight artillery, as fixed by the
law of the 5th of July, 1838.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
for the relief of William Allen.
.Mr. W., from the same committee, made a re-
port adverse to the passage of the House bill for
the relief of Mary Crawford; which was ordered to
be printed.
Several adverse reports of standing committees
•were then taken up, and concurred in.
The following bills, which were ordered to be
engrossed on yesterday, were taken up, read the
third time, and passed, viz:
House bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas
S. Winslow.
House bill for the relief of Burr & Smith.
House bill for the relief of Ferdinand Seiberl.
House bill for the relief of Elisba Moreland,
William M. Kennedy, Robert J. Kennedy, and
Mason E. Lewis.
House bill for the relief of Peter Lionberger.
House bill for the relief of John R. Del any.
House bill for the relief of James M. Morgan.
House bill for the relief of Cornelius Wilson
and James Canter.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain Samgpl Shannon,
deceased."
The bill to authorize the Legislamres of the
States of Illinois, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Ten-
nessee, to sell lands heretofore appropriated for the
use of schools in those State?; and
Senate bill declaring the assent of Congress to
the State of Illinois imposing a tax on all lands
heretofore sold by the Uni'ed Slates in that State,
fiom and atier ihe time of such sale.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
vestry and churchwardens of the Protestant Epis-
copal Church of the parish of St. Philip, in Charles-
ton, South Carolina," was taken up as m committee
of the whole, on an adverse report of the Committee
on Finance, and indefinitely postponed.
The bill for the relief of John P. Skinner, and
legal representatives of Isaac Green, was taken up
as in committee of ihe whole; and, after kome re-
marks by Messrs. McDUFFIE, SEVIER, EVANS,
and WOODBURY, against it, and by Mr. BER-
RIEN in favor of its passage, it was, on motion by
Mr. EVANS, postponed till Friday next for fur-
ther examination.
The PRESIDENT pro iem. laid before the Sen-
ate the credentials of James Buchanan, who has
been elected by the Legislature of Pennsylvania as
a Senator for that S-a'c for six years from and
after the 4th day of March next; which were or-
dered to ba placed upon the files.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. Linn's bill for the occupation and set-
tlement of the Territory of Oregon next came
op as the unfinished business of yesterday; the
question pending being on its passage.
Mr. MOREHEAD, being entitled to the floor,
rose, and was understood to say that he had learned
from his friends that, in consaquence of the argu-
ment made yesterday by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Choate] desired to reply. He, (Mr.
M.,) therefore, most cheerfully yielded the floor.
But, as the hour was late, he moved thai the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned oyer to Monday,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 13, 1843.
"Mr. MEDILL presented a petition from mem-
bers of the bar, and other citizens of Lancaster,
Ohio, praying the repeal of the law of the last ses-
sion, removing the summer term of the circuit and
district courts of Ohio to Cincinnati: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. READ presented a petition from sundry
citizens of northern Pennsylvania, praying for the
repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. WISE presented a memorial, signed by
twelve hundred citizens of Baltimore and Balti-
more county, praying Congress to pass the exche-
quer bill; which he moved to refer to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion being carried,
Mr. WISE moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the exchequer
bill.
Mr. FILLMORE requested the gentleman to
withdraw his motion for the pressnt, to give him an
opportunity to report a bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means; which being assented to by Mr.
Wise,
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for certain fortifications of the United States for
the half calendar year beginning on the 1st Janu-
ary, 1843, and ending on the 30th June, 1843; and
for the fiscal year beginning on the 1st July, 1843,
and ending on the 30;h June, 1844; which was
twice read, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WISE then renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the exchequer bill.
Mr. EVERETT asked if the motion would re-
quire a vote of two-thirds, as in a suspension of
the rules, or would a majority be sufficient.
The SPEAKER said that a majority could go
into Committee of the Whole at any time.
Mr. MATHIOT called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered,
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 53, says 128, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barton, Bidlack, Bowne, Briggs,
Bronson,*Bumell, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell,
John C. Clark, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cushing, Dawson,
John Edwards, Egbert, Fessenden, Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
G win, Hays. Houston, Hubard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. tn-
gersoll, Linn, Mitchell, Pickens, Plumer, Rencher, Ridgway,
Roosevelt, William Russell, Sewell, Shields, William Smith,
Snyder, Stokely, Stratton, Taliaferro, Tillmghast, Tomlinson,
Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, Thomas W. Williams,
Joseph L Williams, Wmthrop, Wise, Wood, and John
Young—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, LandafT W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Arlington, Atherton, Babcock, Baker, Bar-
riai-d, Beeson, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Botts, Boyd, Milton
Brown, J. Blown, Burke, Wm. Butler, William O. Butler,
Calhoun, Wm. B. Campbell, Thos. J. Campbell, Caruthers,
Cary, Casey, Chapman, Childs, Staley N. Clarke, Clifford,
Clinton, Colquitt, Cranston, Bamel, Garrett Davis, Richard
D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Eastman, John C. Edwards,
Everett, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gently, Gid-
ct!rig5:, Goggm, Gordon, Graham, Halsted, Harris, Henry,
Hopkins, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin. Jack,
Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy,
Lane, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClel-
!an, McKay, McKennan, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Thomas
F Marshall, damson Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks,
Maxwell, Maynard, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Mooie, Mor-
gan, Moirow, Newhavd, Osborne, Owsley, Paimenter, Par-
tridge, Payne, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Ben-
jamin Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Read, Reding, Reynolds,
Riggs, Rodney, J. M. Russell, Stanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shep-
perd, Tinman Smith, Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, A. H. H.
Smart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sweney, Jacob Thomp-
son, Toland, Trottl, Van Rensselaer, Warren, Washington,
Edward D. White, Joseph L. White, Chustopher H Wil-
liams, Yorke, and Augustus Young—128.
So the House refused to go into Commiitee of
the Whole on the exchequer bill.
Mr. EVERETT moved a suspension of the
rules, that he might move to take up the bill to re-
peal the bankrupt law.
Mr. GUSHING said, as that would exclude all
other business, and as this was private bill day, he
would call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being ta-
ken, resulted as follows: Yeas 119, nays 70.
Tne motion was not carried; the majority being
less than two-thirds.
The joint resolution to bar a second application
for claims against the Government, unless sup-
ported by new facts, which was under discussion
yesterday during tie morning hour, again came up
in order.
Mr. PARM ENTER opposed the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. GIDDINGS advocated the passage of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER then put the question of concur-
rence in the resolution, and pronounced that he
thought the noes had it.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered;
but before they were taken,
Mr. BIDLACK, after some few observations on
the necessity of some such rule, gave notice that,, '
if it should be rejected, he would, at the first op-
portunity, introduce a resolution calling upon the
Committee of Ways and Means to report on the
expediency of bringing in a bill to appoint som#
officer whose duty it should be to examine those
cases of private claims, cross-examine witnesses,,
and put cross-interrogatories.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the resolution, on the
ground that it interfered with the right of petition,,
which was secured to the people by the Constitu-
tion. Already restrictions on that right existed, of
which he did not approve. He urged the faet, that
there was no other remedy to the claimant but to
petition Congress. In this country, no man could
sue the Government; whilst in England, there was
a board of exchequer for the settlement of claims-
In that country, a subject might even sue the King
for justice. He also opposed the resolution on
another ground. The Committee of Claims was„
in fact, a court of justice, the members of which'
had a political interest in opposing claims. Mem-
bers were prevented often from allowing claims, by
the fear of being charged with extravagant ex-
penditure of the public money. They were also,
he had no doubt, sometimes influenced by party
considerations in rejecting a claim, Therefore, be-
thought that a rejection once ought not to prejudice,
a claim ever thereaftsr.
Mr. HOLMES contended that this resolutions
proposed an important innovation in the practice
of the House; and bagged that the House would,
pause before it adopted a measure which might in-
flict so much injustice upon individuals.
Mr. ARNOLD argued in favor ef the adoption
of the resolution, and contended that it did not, as-
supposed by his venerable friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] abridge the right of petition.
He was induced to favor the resolution, on account
of his experience on the Committee of Claims. He
solemnly believed that nine out of ten of the claims
presented here had no foundation whatever.
The debate was further continued by Messrs,
GRAHAM and TILLINGHAST; when
Mr. BOTTS moved the following amendment:
"Provided, however, That this rule shall not operate as a.
bar to the pre&entalion of any claims that may have, at a for-
mer session, passed either House of Congress."
After some remarks from Mr. BRIGGS, Mr.
JOHN C. CLARK demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANLY asked the gentleman from New
York to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion, to allow him to offer an amendment, prom-
ising to renew the call.
Mr. J. C. CLARK assenting,
Mr. STANLY offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
"Andprovided, further. That no committee of either House
of Congress shall be permitted to employ a cleik, without per-
mission being first obtained for that purpose."
Mr. STANLY, after explaining his reasons for
offering this amendment, renewed the call for the
previous question; which being seconded, and the
main question ordered,
The first question was taken on Mr. Stanly's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Botts's
amendment; and it was also agreed to.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the resolution as amended; and the.yeas and nays
having been ordered, the result was—yeas 95,
nays 103, as follow?:
YEAS—Msssrs, LandatfW. Andrews, Sherlock J. Andrews,
Arnold, Arrington, Atherton, Aycrigg, Babcock, Barton, Beeson,
Bidlack, Bitdseye, Black, Boardman, Bolts, Bowne, Brewster,
Bronson, Milton Brown, Burke, William Butler, Green W.
Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Wm, B. Campbell,
Thomas J. Campbell. Caruthers, Casey. Chapman, John C,
