CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE".
159
Clack, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A.. Cooper,
Cowen, Cranston, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Doig, Eastman, John
C. Edwards, Ferris, Fessenden, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmer,
Gordon, Graham, Green, Harris, Houston, Hunter, Cave
Johnson, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield, Abraham McClellan,
McKay, Mathiot, Mathews, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether,
Mitchell, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pcarce, Pendleton, Pick-
. ens, Pops, A. Randall, Randolph, Rayner,'Reding, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rogers, James M. Russell, San ford, Saunders, Sew*
ell, Shaw, Sfiepperd, Wtn. Smith, Sprigg, Stanly, Stratton,
John T. Stuart, Trotti, Tumey, Warren, Washington, and
Watterson—95.
KAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Baker, Barnard, Blair,
Borden, Boyd, Briggs, Jeremiah Brown, Bumell, William
O. Butler, Calhoun, Cary, Staley N. Clarke, Cross, Cushing,
Richard D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doan, John Edwards, Ev-
erett, Fillmore, John G.Floyd, Gates, Goggin,P. G. Goode, W.
O. Goode, Granger, GusUne, Halsted, Hastings, Henry, Holmes,
Hopkins, Hubard, Hudson, Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll, J. R. Inger-
soil, James Irvin, William W. Irwin, Isaac D.Jones, John P.
Kennedy, King, Lowell, Robert McClellan, McKennan, Mc-
Keon, Mallory, Marchand, Thomas F. Maiehall, Samson Mason,
Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Newhard, Par-
mentor, Partridge, Plunier, Powell, Proffit, Ramsey, B. Randall,
Read, Riggs, Rodney, Wm Russell,Saltonstall, Slade,Truman
Smith, Snyder, Boilers, Steenrod, Stokely, Summers, Talia-
ferro, John B.Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghasr,
Tnplett, Van Buren, Ward, Welter, Westbrook, Edward D.
White, Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Christopher
H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Wood,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—103.
So the resolution was not concurred in.
Mr. FILLMORE, from ihe Committee of Ways
and Means, introduced the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the consideration of so much of the "estimates of
appropriations for 1843 and 1844" as relates to the construction
Of a dike foreclosing Hog island channel, in Charleston harbor,
South Carolina, and that the subject be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Resolved^ That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the further consideration of so much of the esti-
mates of appropriations for 1843 and 1844, as relates to the com-
mencement of a work at Sandy Heok, New York; to the com-
mencement of a fort on Solleta'point flats, Baltimore harbor;
to the preservation of the site of Fort Caswell, Cape Fear,
North Carolina; to the preservation ©f the site of Fort Moultrie,
Charleston, South Carolina; to the commencement of a fort on
the coast of Georgia; to tho commencement of u fort between
Mobile bay and the Uigolets, Louisiana; to the erection of bar-
racks, quarters, and storehouses at Fort Gibson, Arkansas, and
to the erection of forts and batteueson Staten island, New Yoik
harbor; and that those subjects be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with instructions to inquire into the expediency
of selling Fort Gansevooriaud its site, (within the city of New
York,) and of applying the proceeds to the purchase, from the
State of New Yoik, ol the works and their bite on Staten island.
Mr. HOLME3 moved to amend the first resolu-
tion, by substituting the Committee on Military Af-
fairs for the Committee on Commerce.
After a debate, in which Messrs. HOLMES,
PICKENS,FILLMORE, GRANGER,and PROP-
FIT took part, tne amendment was negatived, and
the original resolution* were adopted.
Mr. TURNEY gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill further to continue in
force the act for the payment of horses and other
property lost in the military service of the United
Slates.
Mr. PENDLETON, from ihe Committee on
Military Affairs, offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be lequested lo
furnish to this House a copy ol the report heretofore made to
him by Lieut. Wilkes, relative to his examination ol' Oregon
Territory.
He also submitted aresolution (which was agreed
to) ordering the printing of a certain map accom-
panying the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, respecting the erection of military posts in
the Oregon Territory.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER announced the next business to
be the question of reconsideration of the vote by
which the bill for the relief of Philip Renault was
carried, which, on previous days, has been debated
at great length.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, who was entitled to the
floor, spoke on ihe question at much length.
The question was then taken on the motion for
reconsideration, and resulted in ayes 70, noes 43.
No quorum voting, tellers were called for and
ordered; and, on taking the question, the motion
was carried—iyss 86, noes 49.
The question then recuried on the passage of the
bill, when
Mr. YOUNG of New York, intimating: his in-
tention to address the House on the subject,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 14, 1843.
Mr. HUBARD presented the petition of Sarali'
Hughes, widow of William Hughes, praying for a
pension under the act ®f July 7,1838.
Also the petition of'Frances Lewis, formerly
widow of William Palmer, deceased, praying for
a pension under the acts of July 4 and March 3,
1837j which were appropriately referred.
Mr. CASEY presented the memorial of the Le-
gislature of the State of Illinois, relative to pre-
emption rights, and donations of public lands to-
actual settlers; which, on his motion, was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of B.
B. Whittemore, and others, citizens of Amherst,
New Hampshire, praying for the repeal of the
bankrupt law.
Mr. DODGrE, delegate from Wi<kon«in, present-
ed the petition of inhabitants of the county of
Milwaukie, Territory of Wiskonsin, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for a harbor at the town
of Milwaukie, m said Territory.
Two petitions from inhabitants of Racine
county, asking Congress for an appropriation for
a harbor at the month of Root river, town of Racine,
in said Territory.
Tnree petitions from the town of Lanesville and
vicinity; Rock county, Territory of Wiskonsin,
asking Congress for an appropriation for a harbor
at the mouth of Root river, town of Racine, in said
Ternttry.
Petition from the town of Betoit, Territory of
Wiskonsin, asking Congress for an appiopriation
(or a harbor at ihe mouth of Root river, town of
Racine, in said Territory.
Petition of citiz:ns of Iowa county, Territory of
Wiskonsin, asking Congress for an appropriation
for a harbor at the month of Root river, town of
Racine, ia said Territory.
Petition of citizens of Walworth county,
Territory of Wiskonsin, asking Congress for an
appropriation for a harbor at the mouth of Root
river, town of Ractnc, in said Territory.
Petition of citizens of ihe town of Madison,
the ieat of Government for the Territory of Wis-
consin, asking Congress for an appropriation for a
hai bor at the mouth of Root river, town of Racine,
in said Territory.
Petition numerously figned by citizens of the
city of New York, asking Congress for an appro-
priation for a harbor at the town of Milwaukie,
in the Territory of Wkkonsin.
Mr. BRONSON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Monroe, of Missouri. This bill, which was mere-
ly changing a location of land, was passed through
its final .Mages.
Mr. BOTl'S presented a memorial from Rich-
mond, for the repeal of ihe bankrupt law.
Mr. BARNARD presented the petition of 81 in-
habitants of Bethel, in Windsor county, Vermont,
against the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. EVERETT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Vermont, in relation to the franking
privilege. He was also understood to say that the
same legislative body had agreed to a resolution on
the subject of the reduction of the pay of mem-
bers of Congres-'.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS called up a motion of
reconsideration of a vote some time since taken,
negativing a resolution to allow the Committee on
Public Expenditures a clerk, and to confer the
power to send for persons and papers.
After some conversation between Mr. WISE,
Mr. ANDREWS, the SPEAKER, and others, the
reconsideiation was agreed to; and the resolution,
modified so as to authorize the committee to send
for persons and papers only, was agreed to.
Mr. HUBARD offered the following lesolutiors,
which were adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be instructed
to ltiquue into the expediency of taking some action to ensure
wtifjnit, annua! leturne of the militia irt the several States to
the Secretary ol War; andalsool'recommendingafair and just
basis of apportionment for the distribution cf the national
arms.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be instructed
to report a bill to correct the "extraordinary disproportion he-
tween the arms allotted, to the several States and their respec.
live populations," arising under the act of 1808 for arming and
equipping the whole body of the militia; and to ensure, in fu-
ture, afairar.d equal distribution of the national arms amongst
the several States of this Union.
Mr. TILLINGHAST introduced the following
resolution, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be re*
quired eo inquire into the expediency of continuing the pension
of Mrs, Eliza Stevens, widow of the late Commodore Thomas
W. Stevens, deceased.
- Mr. WELLER presented certain resolutions of
the General Assembly of Ohio, requesting their
Senators and Representatives to procure sundry
amendments of the laws in relation to the Post Of-
fice establishment. They were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS presented a petition
' from sundry citizens of the southwestern part of .
Missouri, praying an appropriation for the survey
and improvement of Brandon and Spring rivers: re-
ferred to a select committee.
Mr. TURNEY, pursuant to notice, introduced
a bill further to continue in force the act for the
payment of horses and other property lost in the
military service of the United States. It was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS introduced the following
resolution, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form this House what time will be necessary to make a survey
of Grand river, from its junction with the Arkansas river to
Fou Gibson, to the junction of the Neosho and Spring rivers
and of Spring river, from the point last aforesaid, to the west-
em boundary ol the State of Missouri.
' Mr. SPRIGG presented the memorial of manu-
facturers of hats m the State of Kentucky, praying
that hatteri' furs be admitted into the United States
free of duty.
Mr. McKAY presented a memorial of Joseph
BI. Walters, of the county of Brunswick, in the
State of North Carolina, prasing to be allowed
and paid the amount of damage he alleges to have
sustained in his rice plantation, in consequence of
the operations of the Government for the improve-
ment of the navigation ol Cape Fear river; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOWARD offered the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish this House
withacopyof the ieport ofF. B. W. Stockton, of his survey
ol the harbor &r at chemeuthof Galien river, (New Buffalo,)
in the State of Michigan.
Mr. B1DLACK presented the petition of certain
citizens of Pennsylvania for the repeal of the bank-
rupt law.
Mr. TALIAFERRO called for the orders of the
day; when
The SPEAKER having called on the standing
committees for repoits, the following were made:
Mr. FKSSENDEN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mary
Barry, widow and administratrix of Thomas Barry;
which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. TALIAFERRO made some unfavorable
reports from the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill
for the relief of Mary Pike; which was twice read,
and referred.
On motion by Mr. ANDREWS, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Poll? Wentworth.
On motion by Mr. RODNEY, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Polly McCraw.
Mr. STRATTON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Jeremiah Kimball; which was twice read and re-
ferred.
Mr. BURKE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the Stata of New Hampshire, in-
structing itie Senators and requesting the Repre-
sentatives from said State, in Congress, to use
their exertions to procure such a modification of
the existing post office laws, as that postmasters,
members of Congres-s, and officers of the General
Government shall not enjoy the franking privilege,
except in cases relating to their official duties; and
also to procure a reduction of the present rates of
postage.
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee ef Claims, to
