tOXiR KSMO\ All GLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1843.
Volume 12**-*No. 11.
Continued from No. 10.
nication to Congress ill relation to the right of the
Legislature of said Territory to hold a session on
the first Monday of December, 1842.
On motion by Mr. HENRY DODGE, it was re-
ferred, a d ordered to be printed.
The bill for the relief ot Philip Renault, on which
the motion for consideration had been carried, was
taken up; the question being on its passage.
Mr. MOORE moved the postponement of the
further consideration of the question till Friday
next; which motion was carried.
On motion by Mr. POWELL, the bill to provide
in certain cases for the sale of the real estate of
infants in th<; District of Columbia, was then taken
up; and on taking the question on its passage, it was
decided in the affirmative.
The bill for the relief of the inhabitants of West
Florida was then taken up; and, after some re-
marks from Mr. G1DDINGS in opposition lo it,
and from Messrs. BLACK and LEVY in its favor,
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House adjourn;
stating that he wished to make some remarks on
the pending questioe.
Accordingly, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 16, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance wiih a resolution of the
Senate of the 9;h instant, certain information, not
heretofore communicated, relating to the existing
impediments in the navigation of Lake St. Clair,
and the insufficiency of harbors on the upper lakes
for the protection of the commerce thereon; which,
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Also laid before the Senate a report from the
War Department, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 10th instant, calling for in-
formation why the appropriations made by Con-
gress at the last session, for the continuation of the
construction of Fort Livingston, La., had not been
applied to that object, &c.; which,
On motion of Mr. BARROW, wa;< ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. ALLEN presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio, instructing the Senators, and
requesting the Representatives trom that State to
vote for the immediate repeal of the bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, joint resolutions, from the same source,
instructing the Senators, and requesting (he Repre-
sentatives from that State, lo vote for and obtain a
modification of the post office laws, so that news-
papers shall not be charged with postage in the
congressional districts m which they are printed;
that the Washington city papers shall not be charged
with postage during the session of Congress; that
papers printed at the seats of government of the
several States, shall not be charged with po^tajse
during the sessions of the Legislature of the State
in which printed; that documentspiinled by order
of Legislatures of States shall not be charged wiih
postage in the States in which !hey may be ordered
to be printed; and that the rates of postage be
made to conform to the Federal coin: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Cincinnati, asking Congress to make an
appropriation to improve the navigation of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers.
Mr. A. remarked th?.t the mefiiotial was drawn
tip with great care and ability, and related to a
subject of very general importance; and, therefore,
moved that it be printed, and referred to ihe Com-
mittee on Commerce. Agreed to.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Ohio, praying
for a repeal of the law of last session, authorizing
one term of the diruict court of that State to be
held at Cincinnati: referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Messrs. WRIGHT and CALHOUN presented
memorials from a large number of persons, who
style themselves mechanics and workingmen of
the cities of New York and Brooklyn, praying for
the immediate erection of a floating dock at the
naval station at Brooklyn, on the plan of J. S.
Gilbert: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a
large number of manufacturers of fur hats in
the States, of New York, Massachusetts, and Con-
necticut, praying such a modification of the tariff
law of August last as wili dispense with the duty of
25 per cent, on unmanufactured furs, so as to ad-
mit them free of duty: referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from the
city of Philadelphia, praying the adoption of the
plan for a board of exchequer as recommended by
the Executive, as a proper basis for the improve-
ment of the, currency; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. C. remarked that, in complying with tlie re-
quest to present this memorial, he did not wish to
be understood as being an advocate of the object < f
the memorial.
On motion by Mr. LINN, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papers relating to the
claim of Thomas M. Isett,
Mr. GRAHAM presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of North Carolina, in
favor of an appropriation to complete, according
to Ihe original plan, the arsenal of deposite and
construction authorized by a law of Congress to
be constructed in the South, and which had been
commenced at Fayetteville, North Carolina: refer-
red to Ihe Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
Northwestern Pennsylvania, asking that the bank-
rupt law may be so modified as to dispense with its
voluntary features; if not, that it be repealed: re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
for the unconditional repeal of the bankrupt law:
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
the citics of New York and Brooklyn, praying
for the adoption of the board of exchequer re-
commended by the Executive: ordered to lie on the
table, to be taken up with the bill.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the cily and county of Philadelphia, in favor of
the adoption of the board of exchequer recom-
mended by the Administration: ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, presented a memorial from a number of
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking Congress to issue
$200,000,000 of stock certificates to the States, on
the credit of the public domain: referred lo the
Commiitee on Finance.
Also, presented a petition from Christopher
Doughty, a revolutionary soldier, in which he
stated his services in very strong and feeling terms,
and atks Congress to grant him a pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
Scott Campbell, a half-blooded Indian of the Dacota
nation, praymg Congress to indemnify him for the
refusal of the Senate to ratify the stipulation of the
treaty of Washington of 29th September, 1837,
allowing him 8,000 acres of land, or money, for
certain services to the United States: referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from Sarah H. Bacon, of Norwich, Connecticut,
widow of the late passed midshipman Frederick
Bacon, who was lost en board the Seagull, one of
the vessels in the South Sea ejploriiig expediting,
praying Congress to pass n iaw allowing her the
extra pay to which, by agreement, her husband was
entitled for his services in the South Sea exploring
expedition: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from Waily A.
Spencer, on behalf of Mary Spencer and Mary
Field, praying that the law allowing five years'jhalf
pay to widows of revolutionary officers and sol-
diers may be revived, so as to extend to them a
pension for life: referred to ther Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions.
Mr. KERR presented a memorisl from one hun-
dred and eighty-five inhabitants of Baltimore,
mostly of mercantile forms, praying that the bank-
rupt law may not be repealed: referred to the Ju-
diciary Commiitee.
Oa.motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration, of the memorial of citizens of
Harper's Ferry, praying the restoration of the civil
juperinlendency over the United States armory at
that place; and from the further consideration of
the report of the Secretary of War in relation to
the nature of the obstructions in the Bayou Man-
cbac.
On motion by Mr, MILLER, it was ordered
that the petition of Alexander Cummings, praying
for allowance for extra mail service, be taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from Isaac
Hopkins, praying indemnity for certain of his
property taken into the service of the United States
and lost during the Revolutionary war: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented joint resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature of Indiana, ur-
ging the passage of a law to extend the benefits of
the act of Congress of June 7th, 1832, to the vol-
unteers and militia who were in the service against
the Western Indians, from the nominal close of
our Revolutionary war by the treaty with England,
in 1783, to the final close thereof by treaty with
the Indians at Greenville, in 1795.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, the following
bills from the House, viz:
No. 360. An act for the relief of John Core.
No. 623. An act for the relief of Thomas D.
Gilson.
No. 633. An act for the relief of John E. Hunt
and others; and
No. 638. An act for the relief of Robert G.
Ford.
Also, reported back from the same committee,
with an amendment,House bill entitled "An act for
the relief of George Randall, John C. Haskell, and
Elisha H. Holmes."
A!so, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill from the House for the relief of
Conrad House, made a report adverse to its pas-
sage; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the
bill to continue in force the act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in Missouri, approved
the 9th July, 1832, and the act supplemental
thereto, approved the 2d of March, 1833.
Mr. CONRAD presented a petition from Mary
A. Zanlzinger,of the State of Louisiana, widow of
the late Major Bichard A. Zantzinger, who died in
consequence of wounds received in the late war
with Great Britain, praying for a pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, House
bill (654) for the relief of William Fabre.
Also, from the same committee, made a report
(which was ordered to be printed) adverse to the
passage of the House bill (.357) for the relief of
Nancy Tompkins, and recommending that the bill
be indefinitely poctponed.
Alsoj from the same committee, reported back,
with sundry amendments, the bill providing for the
