CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
McCleUan, McKay, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Matthews,
Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Morris, Newhard, Oliver,
Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope,
Ramsey, Read, Reding, Reynolds,- Riggs, Roosevelt, Sanfoid,
Saunders, Sewell, Shaw, Shields, Wia. Smith, Snyder, Sprigg,
Steenrod, Alexander H. II. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Sweney,
Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Jacob Thsmpson, Trotti,
Tumey, Waid, Watterson, Weller, Wesibrook, Wise, and
Wood—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Aycrigg, Baker, Barnard, Blair, Boardman, Borden,
Briggs, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun,
John Campbell, Childs, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper,
Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Cushing, Dawson, John Edwards,
Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gates, Giddings, P. G. Goode,
Granger, Halsted, Henry, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
James Irvin, William W. Irwin, James. William Cost John-
son, John P. Kennedy, King, Lane, Lmn, McKennan, Mc-
Keon, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meri-
wether, Moore, Morgan, Osborne, Pearce, Pend.eton, Powell,
Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Wm. Rus-
sell, James M. Russell, Saltonstail, Slade, Truman Smith,
Stanly. Stokely, Stratton, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast,
Toland, Tomimson, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Van
Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren, Washington, Joseph L. White,
Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Wilham3, Winthrop,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—88.
So the House ordered the main question to be
now put.
The question was then taken on the resolution of
Mr. Cuffoed; and the yeas and nays having been
ordered, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
198, nays 78, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. LandafF W. Andrews, Arrington, Atherton,
Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Black, Boardman, Bowne,
Boyd, Brewster, Bronson, Aaron V, Brown, Charles Brown,
Burke, William Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Cald-
well, William B.Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers,
Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, M. A.
Cooper, Cross, Darnel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean,
Deberry, Doig, Eastman, John C Edwards, Egbert, Fen is,
John G. Floyd, C. A. Floyd, A. Lawrence I-Wei, Gentry, Gil-
mer, Goggm, Wm. O. Goode, Goidon, Green, Gustine, Gwm,
Harris, Hastings, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard,
Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson. Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis,
Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McCleUan, Robert McCleUan, Mc-
Kay, McKennan, MeKuou, Mailory, Mutchaml, Alfred Mar-
shall, Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Morris,
Newhard, Oliver, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne,
Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Frollit, Ramsey, Read, Reding,
Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogeis, Rooaeveit, S-anlovtl, sSaurj-
ders, Sewell, Shaw, iShepperil, Shields, Wm. Smith,Snyder,
Sprigg, Steenrod, Stokely, Alex. II. II. Stuart, John T. Stuait,
Summers, Sweney, Talialeuo, John B. Thumpson, Jacob
Thompson, Tillmghast, Triplett, Trotti, Tui ney, Ward, Wash-
ington, Watterson, Weller, Wcstbiook, Wise, and Wood—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock- J. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Baker, Barnard, Blair, Borden, Biigga, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, CinUH Staley N. Clarke,
Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Cashing, Dawson, John Edwards,
Everett, Fessenden, Fxllmoie, Gates, Gidding3, Patiick G.
Goode, Grangei, Halsted, llenry, Howard, Hudson, Ilunt,
Charles J. Ingeisoll, Joseph R, In^msoll, James Irvin, James,
Wm. Cost Johnson, John P. Kennedy, King, Lane, Linn,
Ihomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, May-
nard, Moore, Morgan, Osborne, Pearco, Pendleton, Powell,
Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Ilidgway, Rodney, W. Russell,*
James M. Russell, Slado, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stianon,
Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Tomimson, Trumbull, Van
Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren, Edward IJ. White, Joseph L.
White, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Win-
throp, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—78.
Mr. BARNARD rose for Ihe purpose of asking
some directions from the Speaker, or the House,
in regard to his duty in this matter. He under-
stood the House as havirg passed an otdct that the
Committee on the Judiciary should hiing in a bill
forthwith to repeal the bankrupt law; but there was
a standing (ule of the House conflicting with this,
order, which provided that no cmn-itieo should
hold its meetings while the House was in session.
He wished to know how he was to act, so as to
avoid a breach of one or the other of these rules.
Mr. WISE said that, in order to relieve the gen-
tleman from New York of the difficulty he had
suggested, he would move that tlw Committee on
the Judiciary have leave to sit during the sittings
of the House, till they had performed ttfe duty as-
signed them.
Mr. BARNARD. Is that motion in order, Mr.
Speaker? It it is not, I shall object to it.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not in
order; and
Mr. WISE appealed from that decision. He
would appeal to the House if, after the vote just
given, it was not the duty of the Committee on the
Judiciary to report the bill "forthwith."
Mr. CLIFFORD called for the yeas and nays
on the appeal; which were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana moved to lay the
appeal on the table; and
Mr. CLIFFORD called for the yeas and nays on
that question; which were also ordered.
Mr. BARNARD begged leave to inquire of the
Chair if the rule in regard to the meetings of the
committees during the sessions of the House did
not require a vote of two-thirds to be set ande. -
The SPEAKER answered that it did; and not
only that, but this being resolution day, Without
debate, under the rules, it would require two-thirds
to suspend that rule also.
The question was then taken on laying the apv
peal on the table, and decided in the affirmative—-
yeas 104, nays 91.
The SPEAKER continued the call for resolu-
tions from the State of Maine.
Mr. LOWELL offered a resolution to authorize
the Committee on the Judiciary to sit during the
session of the House, for the purpose of taking the
necessary steps to comply with the resolution of the
House directing them to report a bill "forthwith"
for the repeal of the bankrupt law. He also
moved the previous question.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON moved to lay the
resolution on the table. [Loud cries of "The yeas
and nays."]
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the gentleman from
Maine would withdraw his resolution, as the whole
subject would certainly require some discussion.
Mr. LOWELL did not comply, and the yeas
and nays were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
as follows—yeas 87, nays 105.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then rccurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
- Mr. W. W. IRWIN inquired whether, if ihe
demand for the previous question was seconded
and the main question was ordered to be put, it
would not require a vote of two-thirds to adept the
resolution, as it would operate to suspend the rule
of the House.
The SPEAKER replied that the resolution only
provided ihat the committee have leave to sit.
Mr. READ said the 23] rule directed that on
this day resolutions should be introduced; but it
also directed that, \\ hen a resolution was introduced
which any gentleman wished to debate, such i evo-
lution should lie over until another day, and
not interrupt the presentation of resolutions which
no gentleman desired to debate. Now, the chair-
mall of the Committee of Ways and Means had
expressed his desire to debate this question; and he
(Mr. R.) submitted whether, such a declaration
having been made, the resolution must not neces-
sarily go over; and wither it was in-order for the
gentleman from Maine to move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
Maine moved the previous question before the gen-
tleman from New York expressed his wish to de-
bate the resolution, or betore he [Mr. Fillmore]
was even entitled to the floor.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN rabed an objection, on (he
ground that ihe gentleman from Maine had moved
the previous question before his resolution was read
by the Clerk, or had even reached the Chair.
Some conversation ensued on this point, which,
however, the Speaker overruled.
Mr. BARNARD c'&lted tor tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question; but he sub-
sequently withdrew it, and it was renewed by Mr.
YORKE.
Messrs. Read and Pope were appointed tel-
lers, and they reported 81 in the affirmative, and
79 in the negative; so there was a second. '
The main question was then ordered to be now
put, and the resolution was adopted, by a vole of
ayes 132, nays 81, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andiews, Arrington, Atherton,
Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Black, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V,
Brown, Burke, William Butler, William O. Butler, Green W.
Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, William B. Campbell, Thom-
as J. Campbell, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton,
Colca, Maik A. Cooper, Cross, Daniel, Richard D. Davis,
Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Eg-
bert, John Q. Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Fornance, A. Law-
rence Foster, Gentry, Goggin, William 0. Goode, Gordon,
Graham, Gustine, Gwin, Harris, Hastings, Holmes, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston, Ilubard, Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson, Kcim,
t-fiwrs, LittiefielJ, Lowell, Abraham McCleUan, Robert Mc-
CleUan, McKay, McKeon, Mailory, Marchand, Alfred Mar-
shall, Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Morris,
Newhard, Owsley, Parmenter. Partridge, Payne, Pickens,
Plumer, Pope, Proffit, Ramsey, Read, Reding, Reynolds,
Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Sewell,
Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, William Smith, Snyder, Ffecnroj,
John T. Stuart, Summers, Sumter, Taliaferro, John B. Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Triplett, Troui, Tumey, Ward, Wat-
terson, Weller, Westbxook, Wise, and Wood—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay-,
crigg, Baker, Barton, Blair, Boardman. Borden, Botts, Bnggi*
Bronson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, Childs,
Staley N. Clarke, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Davis,(
John Edwards, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gates, Giddmgs, Patrick.
G. Goode, Granger, Green,Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W. Irwin. James,
William Cost Johnson, Isaae D. Jones, John P. Kennedy,
King, Lane, Lmn, McKennan, Thomas F. Marshall, Mathiot,
Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Morrow, Osborne, Pearce, Pow-
ell, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, William
Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstail, Slade, Truman Smith,
Wanly, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Richard
W. Thompson, Toland. Tomhnson, Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Warren, Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White,
Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—81.
REMOVAL OP JONATHAN ROBERTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN offered ihe following reso-
lution, and moved ihe previous question thereon:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform the House whether any charges have, at any time, been
preferred to tho department against Jonathan Roberto, late
collector of the port ofPhiladelphia, relative to his discharge of
the duties of said office; and if any have been, that he be di-
rected to furnish copies of the same. Also, that he transmit to
the House copies of any order, instructions, or request, addressed
to said Jonathan Roberts, to remove or appoint any subordi-
nate officer of the customs at the portof Philadelphia. Also, a
copy of the. order or letter dismissing him from the office of
collector of said port, and copies of all letters and papers in
possession of the department relating to the subjects embraced
by this resolution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the recep-
tion of the resolution as out of order. According
to the rule, he contended it must lie over.
The SPEAKER sustained ihe objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN contended that he had moved
the previous question on the resolution.
The SPEAKER said that, inasmuch as the reso-
lution was one which called on the department for
information, it must lie over.
Mr. TOLAND then moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of considering it £t this time.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion;* and they were ordered.
The House refused lo suspend the rules—yeas
103, nays 76, (not two thirds,) as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, LandafF W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard,
Barton, Birdseye, Black, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts,
Brigga, Bronson, Milion Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun,
William B. Campbell, Thomas J.Campbell, Caruthers, Casey,
Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Davis,
Deberry, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster,
Gentry,Goggin, Graham, Granger, Green, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R, Ingersoll, James Irvin, James, Isaac P.
Jones, John P. Kennedy, Lmn, McKennan, Thomas F, Mar«
shall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Ma'tocks, Maxwell, Maynard,
Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pearce,
Pendleton, Powell, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Ridgway,
Rodney, Wm. Russell, J. M. Russell, Saltonstail, Sewell,
Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Soliers, Stanly, Stratton,
Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro,
J. B.Thompson,Richard W. Thompson, TiUmghast, Toland,
Tomimson, Triplett, Trumbull, Tumey, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Warren, Washington, Edward D. White, Christopher
II. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, Augustus
Young, and John Young—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack,
Bowne, Bo>d, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Brown,
Burke, William O. Butler, Green W, Caldwell, Patrick C.
Caldwell, John Campbell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton,
Cushing, Daniel, R. D. Davis, Dean, Doan, Doig, Eastman,
JohnC. Edwards, Egbert, Ferris, John G. Floyd, Charles A.
Floyd, William O. Goode, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hunter, William W. Irwin, Cave
Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield, Lowell, Abra-
ham McCleUan, Robert McCleUan, McKay, Maichand, Alfred
Marshall, Mathews, Newhard, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne,
Plumer, Pope, Proffit, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs*
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Snyder, Sprigg, Steenrod,
Sumter, Jacob Thompson, Ward, Watterson, Weller, West-
brook, and Wise—76.  
So the resolution lies over.
RESOLUTIONS OP NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. BURKE presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of New Hampshire in relation to the
tariff, the bankrupt law, &c.; which he moved be
laid on the table and printed.
After objection to the printing, made (but sub-
sequently withdrawn) by Mr. BOTTS, the mo-
tion was carried.
Mr. HUDSON offered a resolution instructing
the Committee of Ways and Means to inquire into
the expediency of bringing in a bill to refund to the
State of Massachusetts a certain balance of the
sum expended by her for the services of her mili-
tia during the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. HOPKINS atked if the resolution should
not be referred to the Committee on MHitary
Affairs, -which had heretofore had this subject under
consideration.
Mr. HUDSON suggested a modification of his
