*64
- ■ IX a .
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution, so as to include the claims of the State
of'Maine.
Mri JOHNSON of Maryland asked the gentle-
matito again modify hi? resolution, so as to include
thS claims of the State ef Maryland; which was
agreed to, and
T'tieresolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. TILLINGHAST offered a resolution in-
structing the Committee on the Judiciary, which
had just been directed by a resolution of the
House-to report a bill to repeal the bankrupt act,
also tb report a proyiso to said bill, that this repeal
shall not extend to any case which, at the time the
act goes into effect, shall be pending, or to any pro-
ceedings which have been legally commenced under
the said bankrupt act.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. TILLINGHAST called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and, on taking the ques-
tion, resulted in yeas 60, nays 112.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mt. TILLINGHAST and other gentlemen
called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ARNOLD withdrew the motion.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and there wai a
second. The main question was also ordered to be
put, and the resolution was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 17, 1843.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Nancy
Polereesky, widow of John Polereesky, late an of-
ficer in the army of the Revolution, praying a
pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the credentials of
the Hon. Charles G. Atherton, who was elected
by the'Legislature of New Hampshire a Senator
from that State for six years from the 4th of
March next; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on the files.
Mr. CRAFTS presented joint resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of Vermont, asking the re-
imbursement, by Congress, of the expenditures in-
curred in defending the frontier towns daring the
late border difficulties with Canada: referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr, RIVES presented a memorial from certain
citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
asking early action by Congress on the subject of
the currency, and recommending the adoption of
the plan for a board of exchequer recommended by
the Executive: ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petiiion from
Mary Krug, the widow of Philip Krag, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying the renewal of the act of
July, 1838, granting half-pay pensions to widows
of revolutionary officers and soldiers: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
DESTRUCTION OF STEAMBOATS ON THE
OHIO AND MISSISSIPPI RIVERS.
Mr. LINN stated that he had been requested to
present to the Senate a memorial from the city of
St. Louis, in Missouri, signed by nearly fifteen hun-
dred of its most intelligent and useful business
men. He knew many of the gentlemen who had
put their names to this memorial; and he could as-
sure the Senate that the utmost confidence was due
to any statements they endorsed. The prayer of
the memorial is, that Congress may make an ap-
propriation for improving the navigation of the
great Western river*. The memorialists state that,
especially in the Missouri and Mississippi rivers,
within the last four years, the accumulation of
snags has been so great as to render navigation not
only dangerous in the extreme to commerce, but
hazardous, in consequence of the great number of
lives lost by passengers. They farther state, that,
in th« year 1839, there were forty steamboats lost;
in 1840, there were forty-one; twenty-nine in 1841;
and in 1842, twenty eight. These boats would av-
erage $25,000 each—making a total loss of $3,-
000,000. Bat this is not all: they further state,
that almost every boat engaged in the Missouri
trade has been injured, more or less, by snags,- the
repairs of which cost about $260; which
makes a total loss to the community of $3,710/
000 in the course of four years. They also say,
that about 450 steamboats are employed in the trade
of the Western rivers; eighty-one partly or entirely
owned in St. Louis in 1841; and about 200 par-
ticipate more or less in what is called the St. Louis
trade. About one hundred boats, they say, are
regularly employed in the trade of their city—of
which-number, twenty-three were lost in 1841, and
nearly as many have been lost in the past year.
Between the 11th of September and the 13th of
October in the past year, (less than five weeks,) the
following steamboats were lost between the city of
St. Louis and the mouth of the Ohio:
Sept. 11—Mentor, at Goose island—boat lost, and
part of the cargo: loss - - $34,000
Sept. 13—New Orleans, sunk within a
hundred yards of the wreck of the Men-
tor: loss .... 45,000
Sept 22.—Pre-emption, sunk within a
quarter of a mile of the Mentor—boat
total loss: loss, including part of the
cargo .... 25,000
Same day,—Robert T. Lytle, sunk in
sight of the same place—the boat since
raised: loss, in cargo, &c. - - 7,000
Sept. 26.—Fort Pitt, sunk within half a
mile of the wreck of the Mentor: boat
lost; cargo partly saved - - 25,000
Oct. 6.—Eiu.ll of steamboat Louisville,
sunk five miles above Cairo: loss - 8,008
Oct. 7.—Osage Valley, struck the hull
of the Louisvills, and sunk—boat to-
tol loss; cargo partly saved: loss - 40,000
Oct. 13.—Eliza, bound to New Orleans,
with full cargo and a large number of
passengers, struck a snag six miles
above Cairo; tore the bottom out; sunk
to the hurricane deck in two minutes,
and between forty and fifty persons
were drowned: loss of boat and .cargo 50,000
These losses, amounting to $234,000, occurred
in less than five weeks, between St. Louis and
the mouth of the Ohio.
Among other boats sunk last year, they name
the John Perry, Q.ueen of the West, North Alaba-
ma, Vicksburg, Pratte Barge, Nonpareil, Lebanon,
Corvette, Amaranth, Neptune, &c.; all valuable
boats, and richly laden.
They further say, that the most formidable ob-
structions in the Western rivers are at St. Louis,
or near that place; but they, nevertheless, sympa-
thize with their fellow citizens throughout the great
valley of the Mississippi, and feel called on to co-
operate with these in urging this honorable body
to do justice to the West, by making ample appro-
priations for the immediate improvement of our
river'—'he Missouri, the Ohio, and Upper and
Lower Mississippi. They observe that they can
safely say that the commerce on those rivers and
their tributaries, forming twenty thousand miles of
interior navigation, cannot amount to less, at the
present time, than two hundred millions per year.
The removal of snags, the clearing of logs from
the banks caved in, and the improvement of the
harbor of St. Louis, (all commenced several years
ago,) cannot be completed unless by the aid of the
Government, and under its authority. They say
that the rapids of the Upper Mississippi could be
improved by a slack-water navigation, or a canal,
which would enhance the value of the public
lands.
This subject was taken up by the population of
the whole valley of the Mississippi. Every man,
woman, and child, in that valley, was direct-
ly interested in the improvement of the great
Western rivers. This population must ami will
be heard on this important matter. He could na
face his constituents without doing all in his power
to obviate the crying and melancholy evils com-
plained of. He could not return home unless he
exerted himself, with all the ability and energy he
possessed, to procure this appropriation.
Nearly four millions of dollars worth of prop-
erty had been destroyed in less than four years 
a greater loss, he presumed, than had accrued from
storm or tempest on our Atlantic coast. This can
be obviated by Congress on the Western waters,
whilst God alone can command the storms of the
great deep. The greatest amount of loss will be
found between St. Louis and the mouth of the
Ohio—a distance of two hundred miles. A snag-
boat at work at a few points designated em-
phatically "steamboat graveyards," would have
prevented all the destruction of property and
loss of lives complained of in this and other
petitions. Captain Shreeye eradicated one year
all the snags that formerly obstructed these
points; by which navigation was rendered compar-
atively safe. This can be done again. It was
vainly hoped that iron steamboats would have re-
sisted the snags and sawyers which stand in some
places like a forest of enormous trees. This has
been tested, and found wanting. The Valley Forge
iron boat was lost this winter; but she had, he un-
derstood, been since raised. Scarcely a Western
newspaper can be taken up, in which some account
of a fresh wreck is not found. Last night, he ob-
served in one the loss of the Henry Clay, valued at
#40,000, without estimating the cargo. Two hun-
dred millions of dollars are involved in the trade
carried on by steamboats on these rivers—thirty
millions belonging to St. Louis.
He said he held in bis hand a pamphlet, printed
by the Chamber of Commerce of St. Louis, and
drawn up with care, ability, and truth, which he
thought would throw some light on the subject; and
he would ask that it might be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with the memorial.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he fully.and heart-
ily concurred with the memorialists, as well as in
the very just remarks of his friend from Missouri.
The subject was of great importance to the whole
country, but of special consequence to the Great
West. He had long thought that this important
matter had been too much neglected by Congress.
Such had been the loss of property and sacrifice of
human life, in consequence of the neglect of the
Government to remove the obstructions from the
Western waters, and to provide safe harbors on
the Western lakes, that there was, and would be,
but one voice on the subject; and he trusted and
hoped that the lime had arrived for effective action
on the subject. He might not live, however, polit-
ically, to see the work accomplished, as his term
in the Senate was about to expire; but he trusted
that Western members would press the matter
upon the attention of Congress, until the naviga-
tion of Western waters shall be rendered cheap and
safe to the great and increasing commerce of the
West. He would not go into the details of the
memorials referred to by the Senator from Mis-
souri. The facts, however, are most startling; and
he recommended their attentive examination to the
committee to whom they were referred.
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not rise for the pur-
pose of entering into discussion, but to assure the
Senators that the subject had not escaped the at-
teutionof the Committee on Commerce. Several
memorials were before the committee; and all he
deemed necessary to say at present was, that the
most anxious desire to do justice in the matter per-
vaded the committee.
Mr. ALLEN expressed his satisfaction at the
assurance just given by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, that the subject would be
carefully considered. He rose to move the print-
ing of this memorial, that it might go, with others
on the subject, to that committee, in the same man-
ner and form. He hoped the committee would
embody all the facts, information, and reasoning
of the several memorials, in onej general report,
showing the extent, importance, and value of the
navigation of the Western waters, and the loss of
lives and property occasioned by the obstructions,
for the removal of which the appropriation is
asked.
Mr. WILLIAMS conceived that these memo-
rials, instead of going to the Committee on Printing,
on the question of printing, ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which could select such por-
tions of them as might be considered most impor-
tant for printing.
Mr. BARROW stated that it was the design of
the Committee on Commerce to investigate all the
papers on the subject referred-to it, and to combine
the information and facts they famished into §
