w
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBtS.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
a large number of persons, of the cities of New
York and Brooklyn, praying for the immediate
erection of a floating dock at the naval station at
Brooklyn, on the plan of J. S. Gilbert: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, presented two memorials from the city of
New York, remonstrating against the repeal of the
bankrupt law: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Also, presented two memorials from the cities of
New York and Brooklyn, in favor of the adoption
of the plan tor a board of exchequer recommend-
ed by the President: ordered to lie on the table.
Also, presented a memorial from the Chamber of
Commerce of Apalachicola, Florida, asking an ap-
propriation for establishing light-houses on Cape
St. George and Cape San Bias; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Mr. T. said that
this memorial had been on his table for some time,
but, in consequence of indisposition, he was unable
to present it to the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial of a con-
vention of delegates of the citizens of East Tennes-
see, praying an appropriation for the improvement
of the Tennessee river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Captain
John Moore, praying the payment of his accounts
as commissary of subsistence of certain Missouri
militia; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, presented two memorials from the city of
New York, signed by a number of peisons, in
which they say that it is their belief that the (so
called) bankrupt law is unconstitutional and de-
structive of the rights of the creditor, and pray for
its repeal: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, presented a memorial from a number of
inhabitants of Platte county, Missouri, who were
residents on a military reservation, complaining of
the destruction of their property by a United States
officer, in consequence of not obeying his order of
removal from said reservation; and asking a settle-
ment of their claims for the loss of this property,
and for the loss of tteir land, which was covered
by the reservation alluded to: referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON remarked that he had intended,
on yesterday, to call the attention of the Senate to
what he conceived to be another error in the print-
ed speech of the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Rives] on the British treaty, in secret session; but
the Senator was not then in his seat. It was hi«
intention to do so to-day; but, as the morning hour
had expired, he would not trespass on the time of
the Senate, but would postpone doing so till to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the augmentation of the
marine corps; which was read, and ordersd to a
second reading.
Mr. B. remarked that he had been directed, by
the same committee, to report a bill which was
connected with the great subject under discussion
this mo'ning—the improvement of harbors and riv-
ers, to give facility to commerce. It was a bill fo;
the survey and examination of the harbor of Mem
phis, Tennessee, with a view of establishing a na-
vy-yard snd naval depot at that place. He had
been directed to report that bill back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it te
pa sed.
Mr, ARCHER presented a memorial from tb°
heirs of Daniel Truehart, praying indemnity for
property destroyed during the revolutionary war:
referred to the Committee on Claims.
- Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which bad been referred the reso-
lutions adopted by the Senate, instructing thi>!
committee to inquire into the expediency of re
taking tbe organization of the fuur companies of
light artillery, and of repealing so much of the act
of last session respecting the leorganization of the
army, which provided that the second regiment of
dragoons should be converted into a rifle regiment,
reported a bill to repeal certain portions of the act
entitled "An act respecting the organization of
the army, and for other purposes," approved the
23d August, 1842; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading-.
Mr. MERRICK, from the same committee, re-
ported back, without amendment, the bill for the
relief of Dr. Boyd Reilly.
Mr. CONRAD presented a memorial fr®m the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New Or-
leans, praying for the establishment of the ware-
housing system; which was ordered to bo printed,
and reterred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of the Board
of Directors of the Petersburg Railroad Company,
praying for an extension of the time for admitting
railroad iron free of duty, reported a bill for the
benefit of the Petersburg Railroad Company; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill author-
izing the appointment of an assistant collector for
the port of Bangor, in the collection district of
Belfast, Maine; which was read twice, and refer-'
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mt. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio, and to pro-
vide for the admission of the State of Michigan
into the Union, on the"conditions therein express-
ed," approved June 15, 1836, made a report favor-
able to its passage; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee oa Indian
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, House
bill (212) entitled "An act authorizing sales of
land, with the improvements thereon erected by
the United Slates, for the use of their agents,
teachers, farmers, mechanics, and other persons
employed amongst the Indians "
Also reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, Senate bill for the relief of
Joseph Bryan, Harrison Young, and Benjamin
Young.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, rfonse bill
(462) for the relief of John Hicks; and House bill
(289) for the relief of John Javins.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK,
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to com-
municateto the Senate a statement showing the number of
existing contracts wuh railroad companies for the trdnspoita-
lion of the mail, and the price established to be paid for said
service, under each contract; and also the amount paid for the
transportation of the mail over each of daid routes the year pre-
vious to the contract with the respective railroad companies.
The following engrossed bills were then read
the third time and passed, viz:
The bill authorizing a settlement of the accounts
of Joseph Nourse.
The bill entitled "An act for the relief of Samuel
Dyson;" and
The bill entitled "An act to revive the act for the
relief of Mary Tucker."
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of tbe Senate of the 5th instant, a statement of the
imports and exports of goid and silver coin and
bullion since 1834; which, on motion of Mr. BEN-
TON, was ordered to be printed. Then,
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 17, 1843.
Mr. A. C. DODGE, of Iowa, presented .a me-
morial from citizens of the city of Burlington,
Iowa, representing that the,commerce and business
of said city, together wiih that of the flourishing
and thrifty towns of Bioomingtcn, Davecpor',
Rock Inland, Galena, Dubuque, and Prairie du
Chien, and the country around them on either side
of the river, embracing the finest portions of the
Stale of Illinois and the Territories of Iowa and
Wisconsin, is subjected to a most burdensome tax
in the increased price of freights, occasioned by the
obstructions to the navigation of tbe Mississippi
river at the Des Moines, or Lower Rapids, and
earnestly urging on Congress the great importance
of making an appropriation to remove said ob-.
structions: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition for a donation of land to the Me-
chanics' Mutual Aid Association of Iowa city, for
literary and scientific purposes: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from citizens of the mineral
district in Iowa, praying a s-peedy sale of the "mine-
ral lands: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. READ of Pennsylvania presented two peti-
tions, signed by sundry citizens of Pennsylvania,
prayina for the repeal of the bankrupt bill: referred
io the Cimmiitee of the Whole.
Mr. GREEN offered the following resolution:
Hesolvpd, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of bringing m a bill ap-
propriating $200,000 per year, commencing the present year,
and to be continued for the ensuing ten years, to be applied to
the removal of the obstructions m the Western waters, and be
under the control of the Secretary of War; and report to this
House with the most convenient de&patch.
Mr. FILLMORE said that he was about to re-
port a bill on the subject contained in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. GREEN proposed that the House should
adopt his resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. H. DODGK introduced "A bill for the pro-
tection of commeice on the western shores of Lake
Michigan."
Twice iaad, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. EVERETT moved the printing of the sub-
stitute for the exchequer plan now in Committee of
the Whole.
The motion was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON desired to present a me-
morial in relation to the improvement of the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers.
Objection having been made, Mr. P. moved a
suspension of the rules; but the House refused to
suspend.
The committees were then called on for reports.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the improvement of certain haibots and riyers,
and for continuing the Cumberland rosd, for the
half calendar year ending June 30, 1843, and for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 3844.
The bill was twice read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PICKENS, from- the same committee, re-
ported a bill to extend the time for laying down,
iron actually imported for railroad companies.
Mr. P. sugges'ed that it would not be necessary
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole.
He therefore moved that the bill be printed, and
that it lie on the Speaker's table: agreed to.
CLERK IN THE SECOND AUDITOR'S
OFFICE.
Mr J. R. INQERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a joint resolution
for the continuation of an additional clerk in the
Second Auditors Office; which vss twice read
arid referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tbe Union.
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill from she Senate entitled "An act
for the relief of J. R, Vienne," without amend-
ment: twice read, and referred te the Committee
of the Who!" House.
Mr. CO WEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bid tor the rolief of the legal repre?enta-
tives of Robert A. Kellv: t™ice read, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. G1DDING3, frctn the same committee,
mide sundry adverse reports.
PROPOSED MEETING AT TEN O'CLOCK.
Mr. COW EN reported a resolution that the
House thai! meet, on Friday and Satuiday next,
at 10 o'clock, for the transaction of private business.
Mr. C. moved tbe previous question on the
adoption of the resolution; but the House refused to
second it,
