no
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senator's attention to the error in his printed speech
on the subject of the treaty, yet uncorrected,) said,
yesterday he was about to do so, when the morning
hour expired; and he postponed the subject on that
account till now. The error of which he com-
plained was in these words of the Senator's priated
speech:
"The Senator who produced it [the map] could see nothing
but the microscopic dotted line running off in a northeasterly
direction; but tlie moment other eyes were appii'id to it, there
was found,m bold relief, a strong red line, indicating the limits
of the United States according to the treaty of peace, and coin-
ciding minutely and exactly with the boundary traced on the
map of Mr. Sparks."
This error was not only printed in the Senator's
speech, but reprinted in the speech of the Senator
from Sopth Carolina; and arguments were based
upon it, as if it was a matter of fact. His object
now was, to appeal to the Chair for its decision as
to the facts cf this statement. I ask yon, Mr.
President; (continued Mr. Benton,) whelber the
extract I have just read is correct or not, and
whether I was not (he first to proclaim the "strong
red line," before "otaer eyes" were required to
point it out?
TheCHAIR made some remarks not distinctly
heard, but it was understood to import an impres-
sion that it could hardly be in order to make any
statement, unless required by the Senate in regular
debate,
Mr. BENTON was understood to say lhat he
did not mean to press an interrogatory out of
order.
Mr. BARROW remarked that it seemed to hint
that the presiding officer of (he Senate should not be
called upon to sta'te his recollection of facts which
were personal to Senators, and about which there
was afcontroversy between two Senator*, ft was
deeply to be resrelted that there was any such
misunderstanding between Senators as to matters
of fact. This subject had been before the Senate
twice, and, as he conceived, impropeily; and it
was now btfore it again, which rendered it
more so. It was more than probable that, if
the discussion went on to-day, it would devolve
on the Chair to put an end to it; he would there-
fore be placed in an awkward predicament, if be
should be compelled to put an end to a contro-
versy in which, upon the call of a Senator, he had
become, on its very threshold, a witness. He
merely threw outihe suggestion, of which he hoped
the honorable Senator Irom Misroun [Mr. Benton]
would perceive the propriety. If she mummy
of ihe presiding officer was fre><h and uxed as re-
garded facts oi a public character, there would be
no impropriety m Senator-, calling upon him for
bis recollection of ihem; but there was certaiu'y
.an impropriety in pursuing such a coutse m this
case, (when his memory of ihe transaction must
be imperfect,) which was more of a personal lhan
a public nature. The Senator from Mis-ouri
had a right to call upon any Senator 10 eivp to the
Senale his recollection of the fa.-t;; bi t not upon
the Chair. He therefore suggested io bun, whe-
ther his own good sense d.d not peiceive there was
an impropriety, under the urcurastan<-es, m calling
upon the presiding officer to become a wanes*.
There were Senators who h?d a recollection cf
this transaction, ;>s uc-ll ns the presiding; officer;
their memory w:;s as perfect as Lie he -uggosttd,
then, whether, under 'h'e circumstsuccs of he ea-e,
the Senator from Missouri should press this point.
The CHAIR remarked that, if it was the sense
of the Senale, he would r-'a'e hi? recollection of the
transaction. His memory was not full and exact
a; be could desire; tut, having been called upon
most unexpectedly, and having held no conversa-
tions upon the f:bj e,r,wiiiv.n h<s recollection, be
felt some dehcacy m making any statement.
Mr. BENTON was understood to remark thai
there could, be no war.'of delicacy in Ihe presiding
officer, before whom t'-e transaction occurred, sta-
ting his recolleciion'of the f-tr.t.
The CHAIR raid he was taken by surprise, but
he would put it to the sense oi the Senate whether
he might be permitted to make a statement. The
question was then put to the Senate, and decided
in ihe negative.
Mr. BENTON then called upon the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Babrow] to state to the Sen-
ate his recollection of ihe transaction in contro-
versy.
Mr. BARROW then rose, and said that, if he
had any distinct recollection of the transaction, he
would tell it to the. Senate; but, since the matter
was first introduced, he had endeavored, for the
last two days, to refresh his memory, with a desire
to put ihe matter, so far as he could, on a proper
footing. But his recollection was so indistinct, lhat
he would not undertake to state anything positive.
He took very little interest in the discussion which
sprung up when the map wss presented by the
Senator from Missouri. He felt very little interest
as regarded these lines, and never perused ihe
map when in the possession of the Senator
from Missouri, {Mr. Benton;] nor afterwards,
when it was sent to the -seat of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] did he attend there,
for the purpose of examining it, as others did. He
would slate the impression made on his mind
on that day; premising that he did not pretend to
know anything with certainty ia reference to the
matter ia dispute, as to these lines, at that time.
Occupying a seat there [pointing to the seat] when
the debate sprung up, he paid no particular atten-
tion to what was said by any Senator, for he felt
that it was of more importance that ihe discussion
should be interrupted. Having made up bis own
mind how he should give his vote, he did not feel
it incumbent on him to listen. His attention was
not therefore attracted *o tlfe debate, until struck
with ihe solemn manner in which the Senator from
Virginia had introduced ihe map. This was his
impression—whether on sufficient grounds, or
not, he would not undertake to say. The map
was introduced by the Senator from Missouri.
What he said when he called ihe attention
of the Senale to it, and the lines upon if, he
dul not remember. When the map wss trans-
ferred to the seat of the Senator from Virginia,
there was a collection of about a dozen Senators
around it. He never pretended at all to go there.
He had no curiosity about it. But the impression
made on his mind was, that the map was intro-
duced by the Senator frum Missouri, to rebut or
deslroy Ihe effect (as he understood it) of the map
of Mr. Sparks; but that it did cot sustain the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri in hi-; position before
the examination of the raip took place at the seat
of the Senator from Virginia. Tn&t seemed to be
the impression  nade on the Senate; but whether it
was well-grounded or not, he wo nd not undertake
to say. He repeated, that he paid no particular
attention lo what took place when the map was
introduced. The Senator from Missouri intro-
duced the map, he hi>d r.o doi sr. for Ihe purpose
that he had stat-d; and he had no doubt, also, that
he made ihe reroaiks he said h > did make when he
introduced it. He entertained no doubt on his
part at all; but h" must say lhat his recobi-ction
was not sufficiently accurate to testify to the facts
as they occurred.
Mr. BENTON observed that it ws." an i. sue of
fact; and, that ihrre could be no mistake, 1-e world
read the passage of the Senate's printed speech
over again:
"The Senator whoptoduced it fine map]ro>tld rpc volhivg
hul the mi'-rmropic lii>p utnnins off in a northeasterly
diiTCO'm; hut thi■ "voipnit other i-ijps were applied to it, there
Wiis found, in bold renef, a soon? ted line indicating tile luni's
of the ITmteil Sta'ep, according to the tteatyof peace, and coin-
ciding minutely am! exactly wnh the boundary traced on the
map of Mr, Sparks."
Here a thing was stated as a fact, which he (Mr.
B.) denial in every particular. And, in contra-
vention of what is therein staled, he asserted that
he did fee something besides the "microscopic dot-
ted line;" lhat he not only saw the "strong red
line," but that be vas ihe first to proclaim i:, to
show lhat Mr Spark;'.-; discovery w-s no jeeret a*
all. Ke wou'l now ask his colleague [Mr. Linn]
for his recollection of what occurred.
Jlr. LINN sta'r-d that when the Senator from
Virginia introduced Mr. Sparks's map, ihe impres-
sion on his mind was, that there was more impor-
tance attached to it than it meii'ed. Indeed, be
thought it of so little consequence, that he could rec-
ollect he so expressed himself io the Senator from
Pennsylvania next to him [Mr. Buchanan] at the
time; and observed to him thai the map ought not
to hare been introduced in the debate, as the ques-
tion would not turn on that point then; for it tad
been settled by our forefathers, that the boundary
claimed by Mains was the one intended; but if we
were going to make a sacrifice for the sake of
peace, we ought to do it frankly. While he (Mr.
L) was conversing on this point with the Senator
from Pennsylvania, his colleague [Mr. Benton]
raised his voice and cried out, "Here are the
bloody lines—ihe red lines;" and he went on to re-
mark that it was no secret at all, because it was in
Mr. Jefferson's collection of maps and books,
and had been for years open to the inspec-
tion of every one in ihe Library of Congress.
And what brought it more distinctly to his recol-
lection, was his colleague's remark—that it came
from the collection of one distinguished for his care
in collecting and keeping everything that was of
interest to his country.—Mr. Jefferson. He (Mr.
L ) had discharged his mind of all impressions
about ihe introduction of Mr. Sparks's map, be-
cause he never attached any importance to ihe sort
of evidence it could furnish; nor, indeed, to the
point made upon it. And with regard to the object
for which his colleague introduced Mr. Jefferson's
map, his impression was, that it was to prove there
was no secret; but beyond that object, he did not
recollect any other, unless it was to prove that there
should be no importance whatever attached to Mr.
Sparks's map. His impression was, indeed, thai
his colleague had no other object in view, when he
brought forward his map. He wished io show that
we had, for years, had just such a map in our own
archives, open to public inspection.
Mr. ARCHER said he earnestly hoped that the
matter would be allowed to stop here. He was
convinced there had been nothing but a diversity
of sentiment, reflecting in no degree on either Sen-
ator; and he could see no reason, therefore, for so
much sensitiveness on the part, of Ihe Senator from
Missouri. He hoped lhat, in this view of the mut-
ter. which be believed was concurred in by Sena-
tors on all sides, the subject would be allowed to
drop. It was rare, indeed, that all the minute
transactions of but a few weeks gsna by, were re-
tained distinctly in the recollection of gentlemen.
This was his own case in the present instance. He
had not the smallest recollection of the particulars
which had been alluded to, or h? would have inter-
posed and endeavored to terminate th« controversy.
As it evidently appeared to be a mere difference of
impression on the part of the honorable Sena'.ors,
he hoped ihe question would be allowed to rest,
without any further debate.
Mr. CALHOUN said, as allusion had been made
to him, be deemed it proper to state whai his rec-
ollection v>-aii of the facts, as far as he himself was
concerned. His impression at the time was, that
the map from the library was produced by the Sen-
ator from Missouri for the purpose of rebutting
and invalidating the one in the possesrion of the
gentleman trom Virginia. His impression was,
further, that when the map was being unfolded by
the Senator from Missouri^ and his eye caught the
dotted line,,he called the attention of the Senate to
it, as being the true boundary line, and as differing
from the line described in Mr. Sparks's map, inas-
much as it ran in a more northerly direction. This
wss his impression, though he might have been in
error. He bad himself supposed that the red
marks delineated the boundaries of counties, or
of States; but he found afterwards that this suppo-
sition was wrong. And the general impression
resting upon his mind was, that ihe map produced
by the Senator from Missouri did not sustain him
in what he (Mr. Calhoow) believed to be his ob-
ject, viz: in rebuf'ingths o'her map.
These were ihe nupres.-ion* he entertained at
the time, and they had not been c'nasged e-ince. He
would take (hi*; occasion to remark, that he hoped
another debate m secret sei-sion would never be
pubiMied, He thought 'he precedent was going to
be high|y pernicious-; it would probably operate as
a re^trijiion upon the liberty of debate. He had
wntien out his own speech reluctantly, and only
with a view, as oiber speeches were being publish-
ed, of putting himself right; and in writing that
speech, he had taken the general run of the facts,
without entering inio the minute details, which, iis
