m
COKGftESSIOKAL GLOBE,
the only occupation or settlement which could
take place in good faith, was a joint occupation
and settlement for purposes of trade, huntins, and
trapping; and that Great Britain never had in any
single instance otherwise interpreted the treaty, or
acted upon it. Her encouragement of the Hudson
Bay Company was for puiposes of trade and hunt-
ing, strictly in conformity with the treaty. If the
company had built forts and made setttlements,
it was in furtherance of the objects of trade, and
carrying on the trapping and hunting in which it
was engaged. It was perfectly open to u=, under
the treaty, to do the same. He denied that Eng-
land had extended oyer the country an exclusive
jurisdiction. She only applied her own laws to her
own subjects. We might do the same. If it
could he shown that she ever granted away a sin-
gle acre of the territory, er exercised an exclusive
right of that kind, he would then say that we
might do the same. But no such thing could be
shown, for it had not been done.
As to the allegations that England, in a commu-
nication with the ministers of our Government, had
said that British interests had grown up in the
territory, which should and would be protected, he
contended, that taking the whole context, and giv-
ing what followed in the sentence, so far from this
being an assertion of exclusive right, or a threat of
possession against the United States, the most di-
rect reservation was made of the rights of the
United States to joint occupation and interest in the
territory under the treaty, by which both countries
were bound. He read the passage in full, with a
view of showing the correctness of his view of the
avowal made by England.
Ia commenting upon (he speech of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] who had preceded
him in the discussion when the subject wa^ last up,
he look occasion to remove an erroneous impres-
sion, which he conceived was calculated to do great
injustice to a distinguished man, [Mr. Webster,]
who could not there defend himself. He alluded
to the fears expressed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, that the President's message dec!i:im<* to fur-
nish the correspondence, or informal communica-
tions, relative to the pending negotiation about
the Oregon Territory, implied grounds (or conclu-
ding that propositions had been made by our S *c-
retary of State, which ihe Administration was
ashamed or afraid to avow; that, in fact, ihe rumor
must be correct which had tot abroad, that a prop-
osition had been made or entertained, by the Secre-
tary of State, to settle down noon ti.e Columbia
river as the boundary line. Now, h" wss glad to
have u m his power to undeceive the Senator, and
to assure him, which he did from authority—ior he
had been requested by the Secretary himself to do
it for him—that he never euhcr uiade or enter-
tained a proposition to admit of any line soKth of
the 49th parallel of latitude, as a negotiable bound-
ary line for the territory of the United State?.
After Mr. C. had considerably more at larce, and
in his own words, (ihe purport of which is only at-
tempted in this sketch,) fupy explained ihis mat'er,
he next turned to so much of ihe remarks of the
Senator from Missouri, as condemned tile late
treaty with G-v.at Dii'ain hi i.-iatlm the IW>ih-
castern boundary line. Be eiii-.ai im<> n Jo-, g,
minute, and topographical inquiry and eypiann-
tion, with a view of 'howin^ that ihe course pur-
sued by the Secretary of Si?te w .r- the most ad-
vantageous ever attempted for this country in any
previous negotiation with Great Britain. Waving
argued this point elaborately, K lu; nrd to t v. line
agreed upon through the grca' W's'trn with
a view of proving that w bad in —a-,d rot
merely seemingly, ai the Sen-for from i sup-
posed—gained tnur m'llioisof scten of land. lie
quoted a pamphlet, (said io he f.'it.en by L«id Pal-
tnerston,) to show that the most rat lligent E-igl-sh
statesmen considered that w hsd immeasurably
the best of the b; rg-iin in the la'e treaty, and par-
ticularly as to the acquisition of th:s fopr million?
of acres m the West. He traced the luv; from
Piggoa river to the Lake of the Woods, as screed
upon, with a view of shoeing that it was ihe iden-
tical Ime stipulated by the treaty of 1783, as no
other water-course was known till 1803 but the
southern water course adopted as the true line in
the late treaty.
Ia conclusion, Mr. C. hoped the b-11 would be
recommitted, and (the provision granting lands
being stricken oat) that the measure would be
adopted.
Mr. BENTON replied to so much of the Sena-
tor's remarks as touched upon his speech; and in-
sisted that the same line io which the Senator's
concluding remarks alluded, was thirty or forty
miles north of that which the Senator supposed.
Mr. R.'s remarks (7>hich were mostly statisti-
cal) will be given in full in a day or two.
Mr. MOREHEAD next obtained the floor; and,
on his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 18, 1843.
Mr. READ presented two remonstrances, signed
by citizens of Pennsylvania, against Ihe repeal of
the bankrupt law: referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. IIIGQ3 presented the petition of citizens
of Whitewater, in the Territory ot Wisconsin,
praying the construction of a haibor at Milwaukie,
in said Territory, for the protection of the com-
merce of the upper lakes.
Mr. GWIN offered the following resolution; and
it was agreed to:
Remived, Thauhe Committee on the Public Lands be m-
fltructed to inquire into the expediency of repotting a joint res-
o!uuon,aitthoiizmg the appointment of a sper,ial% agent to in-
quire mto the alleged frauds uniler ihe preemption laws; th"
appomfwentof such agent having been recommended hy the
(Jommi^ioner ofthe General Land Office in his annual report.
Altio, that said committee be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reporting a bill to amend the existing and former
pre-emption laws, so as to permit the heirs or representatives
of those who settled on the public lands \viih the intention of
availing themreivea of the priviieg's of the pre-emption law*?,
but who died before the forma u-cpurod by ?aidlaws had been
complied with, to enter the same, il satisfactory evidence \n
produced that the satiler or settlers, if living, would be entitled
io said land.
Mr. GWIN also offered the following resolu-
tion, and it was adopted:
Rrseleeil, That (he Secretary of the Navy bo requested to
connnuuK ate to this iloupe all the infoinuuon in possession ol
the No,v> Dep.utnmnf. in repaid to ihe naval depot of the Fin-
ted States at Port Mahon, and espexially whether any vessels of
ihe United States Mediterranean squadron h.ive been kept for
any length of iinm in >aul p"H mawive; and, if so, how ions,
and whether any of the r,Hirers have heretofore established
themselves, during such period, on shore at that place, a.id for
what length ol time, for the purpose of keeping ftoi^e, and the
names M such vessels and of said ofliecra; and futiber to ^tafe
whether ;my, and wh.it, reforms have been contemplated, or
are considered to be necessary, in legard to the condition and
conduct ol the Mediteiraneau squ-idion m those particulars.
JMr. GWIN also offered ihe following reso-
lution; and il was adopted, after an amendment had
been agreed to, on Ihe motion of Mr. KING:
Resolved, ThattheSecretary of the Navy be if,quested to
communicate to this House ihe am« unt of the daily expenses,
exclusive nl the pay of the officer^ and crew, of the Mi^nnn
and Mississippi .-team-'Yiiratcs, respectively, while in service,
and to specify the amount of fuel consumed by each daily, in-
cluding thr amount of wastage, where thcatd tuel has beon pui-
cisased^ from whom, by whom, and at what price
Mr. GWIN asked leave to offer the followicg
{evolution:
'I hsnthe President he requested to communicate
to this flou^e, (.if Ifopinion it miot incompatible with the
pubncseivicc,) whateveruifoiniation m.iy be m Ins possesion
m relation to 'he recent captuie of Monterey, m California, by
< 'omniodore T. Ap ('afe^hv Jones?, and to «taip whether the
said Jones had any instruction* nom the Government which
were intended should he construed into authority !vr ?ucli pi't.
ceoding*.
Mr. L'NN objected, and the resolution was not
received.
]\3r. BPJGG3 offered ibe folio^'irg, nriu it was
adopted:
Rr<o?vr<l Tnat tin- on Bes olutionary Pennons
he m^riueiP'1 to ir.q'inv in'o the 'xpe'i'cncy of civin^ a | .-"--ion
tu Jnhu Carv, a tree, colored man, a nauve of the cti.iniv ot
Wj^rn'Oielahd, atyJ 6tafe of Vienna, now resident of tlu> Di?-
tri^f. who -r'v" he wis o hr dy ?< i"1 a«it n! («:naal Wa&h'.njtun
yt the time o"! Braddock's defeat, m 175", and wa-? pre« m at
th.uha'ti^; ardaiso, that he was a eetvant of fieneral Wash,
itiiifori ai ihe Miite;id<;r of Coin^alhs, m 1761; and Who Is* be-
lieved to be 11^ years o'd.
Mr. TSLLINQHA3T ro?e to a priviirged qucs
tion, snd tl'-ers explained ibat an error hid cccurrf d
in l'Rcord'ng hb vote on s motion made ye&trrday
to fix )0 o'clock, A. M. as the hoar of meeting on
Pnday ar.d Saturday next, which are days appro-
priated by the rules to private business. Having
caused a correction of the journal, he moved a re-
consideration of the vote of yester day.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to lay that resolu-
tion on the table, observing that gentlemen who
voted to meet early did not come to the House at
the time fixed.
Mr. COWEN called for the yeas and nays, but
they were not orderedj and the motion was laid on
the table.
Mr. REYNOLDS rose to a privileged question;
and was understood to move the reconsideration of
some vote, which was not distinctly heard.
Mr. EVERETT desired to move a suspension
of the rules, to enable the Hou?e to proceed with
and dispose of, the question of reconsideration of
the vote of yesterday on the passage of the bank-
rupt law; which was moved by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Proffit.] He thought that should
be disposed of before the House proceeded to any
other business.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House resolve it-
self into a Committee of the Whole, for the purpose
(as he said) of taking up the bill for the satisfaction
of claims for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. EVERETT, on an explanation being given
that the question of reconsideration which he wish-
ed to dispose of, would come up of course after
the morning hour, withdrew his motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ADAMS then pressed his motion, and call-
ed for the yeas and nays upon it; which were or-
dered, and resulted as follows—yeas 107, nays 78.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
Ihe Whole, (Mr. Hopkins of Virginia in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the vupport of the
army.
Mr. PROFFITT moved to take up the bill
making appropriations for the continuation of the
Cumberland road.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in or-
der—'the array appropriation bili having the priority
 and must be postponed, in order to take up other
business.
Mr. ADAMS then moved to postpone the bill,
for the purpose of taking up the bill providing in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. PICKENS called for tellers, which were
ordered; and, on taking the question, they [Messrs.
Saundeks and Read] reported ayes 78, nees 80.
So the motion of Mr. Adams was rejected.
[When the committee rose yesterday, the ques-
tion pending was on the following amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Deberry:
"For arsenals, one hundred and ten thousand dollars; twenty
thousand dollars of winch to be applied towardscompleting the
ai^enal now under tram of construction at Fayetteville, North
Carolina."]
The question being put on tee amendment of
Mr. Deberrv, it was decided in the negative with-
out a division.
Mr. DF.BERRY then called for tellers, which
were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS then renewed his motion to post-
pone the bill, for the purpose of taking up the
Freneh spoliation bill.
Mr. READ inquired if the motion was in order,
a similar one having just been rejected.
The CHAIR said that it was, there having been
intervening bnsiifts since the same motion was
made and rejected, viz: the call for and ordering
of tellers on the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Deberry.]
Mr. READ called for tellers on the motion;
which 'vere ordered.
Mr. FILLMORFi expressed the opinion that
motions, of th'S bind should not be made ofiener
tban 0J.ee a, day; for, by moving them in this way,
jn'.t after tl-.ey h?d b en rejected, as was done by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, a great and
unnecessary w3«teof time was occasioned.
Mr. PICKENS observed that, if proceedings like
this were to be tolerated, there would be no get-
ting on with the business of the House; they would
never be ahle to tell what they were about to do.
The CHAIR repeated his decision, that the mo-
tion wa(' in order; ftnd the question was taken by
