174
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lakes, |30,000. He did net wish to stop ail those
surveys, bat it seemed to him that the two first
were for the same ebjects. It seemed to him that
there was a looseness, not only about the mode of
appropriating the public money, but about its ex-
penditure; and he pledged himself to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Calhoun] to co-
operate with him m checking such a course of
things.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN moved to strike out
the appropriation for the continuation of the sur-
veys o£ the North and Northwestern lakes; for, ac-
cording to the opinions held by many gentlemen
there, they could not be carried on correctly
without the superintendence of Mr. Hassler.
We have (said Mr. B.) immediately following
this appropriation, very large appropriations for
the Military Academy, where for years they had
been educating young men for the scientific pur-
poses of the Government. They had an engineer
corps, also, whose officers received very high sala-
ries; and everybody must be satisfied that there
were enough of thea to make all the surveys, both
inland and Atlantic, and carry on all the scientific
works of the Government, without employing
other persons. He was for%mploying these offi-
cers in these works; and if they were not compe-
tent, to get others in their places. These survejs
coat somewhere about half a million yearly, and
nobody knew where they were going on. It was
time that this business was systematized, so that
they might know what they were doing, and how
much they were expending on it.
Mr. FILLMORE spoke of tbe impoitance of
these surveys, and explaiaed the difference between
them. The object was to make them for the pur-
pore of ascertaining tbe points at which fortifica-
tions would be necessary on the Gulf, on the lakes,
and on the Atlantic frontier. Mr. P. handed up to
the Chair a letter from the War Department,
showing the importance and utility of these sur-
veys'; which was read.
Mr. C. BROWN wished to know if these sur-
veys were made by the regular officers of the Gov-
ernment, or by ether persons. He did not wish to
stop these surveys, and was willing to incur all the
incidental^ expenses connected with tliem; fcut he
objected to' the expense of employing other persons,
when the Government had officer enough under
regular pay.
Mr. FILLMORE believe.! that the work was
carried on by the tegular officer-- of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. C. BROWN said that, if the gentleman
meant that these surveys were for the purpose of
ascertaining points for tortifications, he looked
upon them as a useless expense; for, confide) ing the
changes taking place in the syttem of fortifications,
together wilh the increase in the population of dif-
ferent parts of the country surveyed, it would bs
impossible now to say where it would be best to
have fortifications, or of what description they should
be, some years hence. He thought the officers had
better be employed in walking about the streets,
than making surveys with such objects in view.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to strike out
$30,000, and insert $20,000 for the surveys of tlie
Nortn and Northwe^t-m lake1-. He said that
#20 ,000 was sufficient, inasmuch as the department
had only estima'eu for tnat sum, though ihe commit-
tee had given $30,000.
Mr. M. re«id a letiet li-om Captain Williams, of
the engineer corps, for the put pose of showing that
an appropriation of $20,000 would be amply suffi-
cient.
Mr. FILLMORE argued that the increased ip-
propriation proposed would be greatly beneficial,
in completing the survey at an earlier day than it
could be done under present arrangements.
Mr. MERIWETHER c intend ed that the
prefent was not the time ;o mcreass such appropri-
ations—a time when the Secretary of ihe Treasu-
ry told us the tariff would have to be altered so as
to add $3,000,000 to the revenue of th? Govern-
ment, He hoped that the sum of $20,000, asked
for by the officer in charge of the work, who was
on the spot and knew everything about if, would
be granted, instead of $30 ,000 as asked for by
Cel. Abert, who lived in Washington, and never
saw the work in question.
Some conversation here took place between
Messrs. CAVE JOHNSON and FILLMORE as to
whether this item was not proposed and rejected
lastse-.sion; the result of which was, that such was
not the fact.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia said that, if he under-
stood the question rightly, the amendment involved
the question whether there should be an increase of
the present annual appropriation, for the purpose
of completing the survey at an earlier day than was
now contemplated. He argued that, in our pres-
ent condition, it was better to leave expenditures as
they were, than to incur any increase.
The question was put, and the amendment re-
jected.
Mr. REYNOLDS then rose, and moved to
amend the bill, by adding after the 122d line,
an item providing for an appropriation of $20,000
for a military survey from Council Bluffs, on the
Mississippi, to the mouth of the Columbia river,
in Oregon Territory. He stated that he desired to
have this item inserted in lieu of the item of
§20,000 "for surveys west of the Mississippi.
The Chair, however, informed him that it would
not be order to move to amend that item, as it had
been passed upon by the committee; and it was
for (his reason that he offered the amendment to
come in at the end of the section. He then ad-
dressed the House in a strain of forcible reasoning
in favor of his amendment. It was not, as gentle-
men might think, an extraordinary proposition. It
was important as bearing upon the proposed settle-
ment of Oregon Territory; and he hoped that gen-
tlemen would not be so squeamish as to refuse
to allow our citizens to take possession of that
territory, merely because England pretended to
have a right to it. If England had any claim
whatever to the soil of Oregon, it was confined to
thv portion above, the mouth of the Columbia,
where ihe survey he proposed would cot touch.
He expressed an anxious desire that the attention
of members fhould be called to this Sitbjact, in
order that they might consider the propriety of
hereafter const! ucting a military road in Oregon.
For the purpose of giving an opportunity to gen-
tlemen to weigh thematterlwell in their own minds,
he would move that the committee rise, and then
let the question be taken on his proposition to-
morrow.
Mr. FILLMORE appealed to the gentleman to
withdtaw the motion for a moment.
Mr. RSYHOLDS consented to do so.
Mr FILLMORE entered into an explanation of
the subject, and urged that there was no necessity
for the ipecific appropriation wished by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Reynolds ] The
amount appropriated in tbis hill for surveys, ex-
ceeded that appropriated for seme years past. The
item, too, for surveys west of the Mississippi river,
($20,000,) might, under the direction of ihe e'e-
panmerti, be applied towards the very object de-
sired by the genl^eman, [Mr. Reynolds ] The
House, he thought, should not decide upon the
manner in which this appropriation should be ex-
pended, but should leave it to the department. He
also would remind the gentleman from Illinois that
there w?s already a survey or map in existence,
which had been prepared by Captain Wilkes when
on the exploring expedition.
Mr. REYNOLDS replied generally to the ob-
jeciions of tbe gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fillmore.] He contended that Congress—elected
for two years, and more responsible to the people
than any public, officer—was better qualified to de-
cide what surveys were best for the interest of Ihe
Government, than either the Secretary of War or
the President. If he were anxious to know as to
surveys about Buffalo or the surrounding country, lie
would sooner take the statements of thegentlemaB,
(its Representative,) than ail the secretaries in tbe
country. So, too, he would rather have the opinions
of the Representatives of the people, comii g from
every part of the Union, in rela'ion to the^e local
surveys, than those of public officers in Washing-
ton city. As to the map of Captain Wilkes, re-
ferred to by the gentleman, that might be vry
good in its way, and very accurate and very
pretty; but he did not want a survey or map of
Columbia river only. That might be well enough
for navigation; but it would not answer the pur-
poses of the people, who wished a military route
to Oregon, in order that they might go there with
their families and-settle.
Mr. R. concluded by moving that the committee
now rise: previous to putting which motion, some
conversation took place between Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON, FILLMORE, and CALHOUN, in
relation to a bill to prohibit extra allowances to
public officers; the result of which conversation
was an agreement to have the Committee of the
Whole discharged !rom the further consideration
of said bill, instead of reporting it to the House.
The motion that the committee rise was then put,
and carried.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the bill prohibiting extra
allowances to officers of the Government.
Mr. McKENNAN asked if it had. been before a
committee.
Mr. ARNOLD said it had not.
Mr. FILLMORE had no doubt it was a very
proper bill.
Tbe resolution was then agreed to.
Mr.BLACK, from the Committee on the Territo-
ries, reported a bill to amend the several acts organ-
izing the Governments of the several Territories of
the United States; and it was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. MALLORY offered a resolution requiring
the Secretary of War to report to this House a
practicable plan for the reduction of the expendi-
ture of the Military Academy at West Point, and
to limit the number of cadets, so as to correspond
with the wants of the country and the strength of
the army.
Mr. GUSHING objected, and the resolution was
not considered.
Mr. J. T. MASON presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Maryland, in relation to the
stock in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FILLMORE presented a statement of the
receipts of the Government for the last quarter;
which was ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday,* January 19, 1843.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a joint reso-
lution adopted by the Legislature of Indiana, on
the subject of the rigid construction given by the
Postmaster General to the post office laws. Mr. S.
remarked ihat there was much feeling in the whole
Western country concfrmng a regulation of that
department, making pamphlets and newspapers
(which may happen to have the name of the per-
son sending such matters through tbe mail) charge-
able wilh letter postage. Great difficulty and much
feiliug are Ihe consequence of such construction
of the post office law.«, especially in the State of
Indiana; so much so, that the attention of the Le-
gislature had been called to the subject, and that
body have passed the resolutions he then presented,
urging a repeal or modification of that portion of
the laws of the department which justified such a
regulation. He hoped the Committee on the Post
Office and'Post Roads, to which he proposed to re-
fer the resolutions, would give the subject tbeir at-
tention. The resolutions were then referred, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred House bill en.
titled "An act for the relief of the heirs or the
assignees of of the heirs of Isaac Todd and James
McGill," reported the same back with an amend-
ment, being a substitute for the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, fiom the Committee on Claims,
reported back, with an amendment. House bill
619, for (he relief of Asahel Lee, Harvey Lee,
and Lemuel L e.
Mr GRAHAM, from tbe Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. G. also reported back, from the same com-
mittee, withoutamendment, and with a recommend-
ation that they do pass, House bills for the relief
