CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
of John Drysdale, and for the relief of Johnson
Patrick.
Mr. MERRICK presented a communication
from the Governor oi Maryland, enclosing reso-
lutions adopted by the Legis'ature of that State,
relative to a proposed transfer of the stock held
by the United States in the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, to the State of Maryland, on the condition
that that State will compleie the canal to Cumber-
land before the expiration of five years from the
time of transfers ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
. Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from 142
citizens of the State of Michigan, remonstrating
against the repeal of the bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the memorial and doc-
uments of John Goode.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, for the purpose of ta-
king up, as in committee of the whole, the bill for
the benefit of the Petersburg Railroad Company.
Mr. E. explained, that there were seveial cases
before the Finance Committee in respect to an ex-
tension of the time during which railroad iron, to
be actually laid down, might be imported free of
duty. This was not one of those cases. All those
cases now before the committee, were where rail-
roads were in progress of construction, and where
it would take some years for their completion; but
the case now before the Senate differed m that re-
spect: the railroad was completed, and the com-
pany were relaying a portion or all of it with new
and better iron, in consequence of a portion of it
being worn out. The iron was imported, and in
the country. The company have u in their power
to lay it all down before the 3i of March next,
and entitle themselves to the benefits of the provision
in the lanff bill allowing iron laid down before ihat
time to be free of duty. They will lay it down by
that time, unless Congress think fit to prolong the
time for doing so. But, in order to have it done
before the 3d of March, the company will have to
employ a considerable number of persons moie
than they now have, and may probably have to
suspend transportation and travel on the road until
it is done. This, too, is the line on which the mail
is conveyed. If you force the company to tins, it will
interrupt very much the Southern travelling; and the
work would have to be done m a hurried manner,
and might bo consequently impioperly done, and
be the cause of accident hereafter. This bill in-
volved none of the principle contained m the other
cases before the committee, for the genetal admis-
sion of railroad iron free of duty for a longer pe-
riod than the tariff of last session justified. The
bill proposed to give this company till tbe 1st day
of December next to lay down the rails, so that the
work might go 011 gradually, and be well done.
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired what was tbe
quantity ot iron involved in the bill?
Mr. EVANS said, about 2,000 tons.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked whether the tariff law
was to be repealed, because it did not suit the con-
venience of the company to comply with its pro-
vision!.? This bill came up suddenly this morning,
and he had not time to examine it. He had no
objection to let it pats this stage; but, unless his
present impressions were removed, it should not
pass any other stage by his vote.
There being no proposition to amend the bill, it
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. MOREHEAD submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the tiniced States be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate any letters or communications
on file in the War Department relative to the granting by the
British Government to the Hudson Bay Company, and by that
company to individuals, of any pouion of the Tenltory of
Oregon.
Mr. MOREHEAD made some remarks on tl e
importance of the resolutions, aftfr the remarks of
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] on
yesterday, on a portion of a report made out by
Mr. Greenhow, concerning the cessions by Great
Britain to the Hudson Bay Company, ot land in
tbe Oregon Terntory; after which, the resolution
was adopted.
The following bills were then taken up asm
committee of the whole, considered, reported to the
Senate, and ordered to a third reading, viz:
House bill (319) for the relief of Samuel
Hambletoo.
House bill (42?) for the relief of the administra-
tor of John Jackson.
House bill entitled "An act for the payment of
seven companies of Georgia militia, for services
rendered in the years 1840 and 1841, "was taken up
as in committee of the whole.
Messrs. KING and CALHOUN did not see the
necessity for the passage of this act, inasmuch as
they did not know the reason why these militia
could not be pail under the existing general law,
which provided that all militia called out by the
Governors, and mus'ered into the service of the
United States, should be paid, upon the muster-rolls
showing the service being duly authenticated and
presented at the War Department. If the service
was actually performed, and the militia enti-
tled to pay under the provisions of the existing law,
but, owing to some informality could not receive
it, they were willing to vote for a bill to authorize
paymeBt, notwithstanding such informality.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were satisfied that these
militia were entitled to pay; and reported back the
bill for that purpose. They did not, however, in-
quire into the reason why the War Department
had not allowed the pay under the existing law.
He had no objections to let the bill be postponed
until the exceptions taken by the War Department
could be inquired into.
The bill was then, on the motion of Mr. KING,
laid on the table until the inquiry eon Id be made-
Mr. MOREHEAD presented the credentials of
John J. Crittenden, esq., who was elected by th 
Legislature of Kentucky to be a Senator from that
State in the Congress of the United States, for six
years from and alter the 4th day of March nexu
THE EXCHEQUER BILL. •
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, the bill
amendatory of the several acts establishing the
Treasury Department of the United States was
taken up, and postponed till Wednesday next, and
made the special order for that day; and Mr. T. ex-
pressed a hope that they would be able to give it
consideration at that time.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
John Golden, of the city of New York—who rep-
resents that, in 1835, he received a patent, under
the United States patent laws, for an invention of
his to issue credit paper; and that he has the exclu-
sive right to that kind of issue; and prays that au-
thority be given him by Congress to issue an amount
of credit checks, not exceeding $100,000, under the
exchequer board, on his own name, in considera-
tion of his yielding up to Congress his right? under
his patented invention. This, being a subject of
finance, wasreferied to the Committee on Finance.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of
Thomas Copelaud," was taken up, as m commit-
tee of the whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made some remarks ex-
planatory of its provisions, and said that the Ju-
diciary Committee were of opinion lhat it should
not pass. He moved that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
Sir. STURGEON made some remarks in favor
of the passage of the bill.
The question was then put oa the motion for in-
definite postponement, and decided in the affirma-
tive.
The bill to refund the balance due to Massachu-
setts fei disbursements during the late war wi'h
Great Britain, came up in order, ai in committee
of the wuole, on an adverse report of the Comimt-
t-eon Military Affairs; but was, on the motion of
Mr. BATES, postponed till Tuesday next, and
made the special order for that day-
Toe bdl f-.r the relief of William De Peyster
and Henry N. Gruffer was taken tip as in com-
mittee of lite whole; and, alter a few lemarks by
Mr CRITTENDEN, exp'anatory of its provision',
and thpre being no motion to amend, it was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from the
delegation in the House of Representatives from
the Territories, soliciting the appointment of a
standing committee by the Senate, to be called the
Committee on Territories, to fake charge of Terri-
torial business; which being read, Mr. S. gave no-
tice that he would on to-morrow morning intro-
duce a resolution so to amend the rules of the Sen-
ate as to authorize the appointment of a standing
committee of five, to take charge of Territorial bu-
siness.
The PRESIDENT pro lem. presented to the Sen-
ate the credentials of George McDcffie, E-q., who
was elected by the Legislature of South Carolina,
a Senator from that State, in the Congress of the
United States, for six years from and after the 4th
of March next; which were read.
Senate bill entitled "An act to regulate enlist-
ments in the army, and navy, and marine corps,
came up in order as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that there was a pro-
viso in the bill which provided that no negro or
mulatto should be enlisted in the service of
the United States, except in the capacity of
musicians, cooks, or stewards. This provision
(he said) was introduced into the bill at the last
session, cn the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhodm] after considerable dis-
cussion. The committee thought it belter, there-
fore, to let it remain. It was his wish, however,
that this proviso should be so modified, that, for
temp&rary service in unhealthy climates, negroes
or mulattoes may be treated as a part of the crew
on board of those vessels in which they may be
employed. On the coast of Africa and the Chinese
Sea, it was extremely unhealthy, in consequence,
they were compelled to employ natives of the coun-
tiy temporarily to do such duties as were required
to be dene on there. It was not proposed to em-
ploy ne?roes in the service, in our own country—
snch was not the object of the amendment; but, as
he said, its object was to authorize the temporary
enlistment on foreign stations, and in unhealthy cli-
mates. If they were employed at all, it was neces-
sary ihat they should be enlisted, that they might be
subject to the rules and articles of war, and be en-
titled to receive their pay.
Mr. BENTON was understood to remark that
this was the way the thing spreads. One of the
requirements of the new British treaty was, that
80 guns should be kept on the coast of Africa.
So, in order to carry out that treaty, it now be-
comes necessary to permit negroes and mulattoes
to b<j enlisted in the service of the United States.
He was against it altogether. He was opposed to
the repeal of existing laws for any such purpose.
Mr. BAYARD thought the Senator was under
a mistake m supposing there was any exis'ing law
which piecluded negroes or mulattoes from being
enlisted in tne service of the United States. The
superior courts had, indeed, decided ihat foreigners
could not be enli.ted; but there was not one word
against negroes or mulattoes, until this identical bill
was passed b, the Senate last session, with the pro-
viso suggested by theSena'or from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] which limited the purposes for which
iney might be enlisted. Although this bill had
passed the Senate, it was too late to meet the action
of the other House, and it fell to the ground. On
bringing it forward again, he had learned that the
tew amendments nov? offered would be neces-
sary. It was the opinion of an experienced officer
serving on a foreign station, lhat this amend-
ment would p'ace it in the power of the
service to spare the lives of Americans, who could
not stand the climate on land, at night, ja the
vicinity of the Chinese seas and other stations. At
Ceylon, he was informed, a whole boat's crew
might perish by being obliged to lie on shore one
night; for suth things hid happened where boats
were sent for water, and had to stay onshore for
the night. Now ihis bill wosld enable oar officers
on such stations to employ, for temporary purposes,
and for a limited Mine, the natives, who are ac-
customed to the climate, and can stand it.
The question was then put on the amendment,
and disagreed to—ayes 14, noes 17.
Several verbal amendments were made, and the
bill was then reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading,
