176
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
OREGON TERRITORY.
The order of the day brought up, as the unfin-
ished business, the bill for the occupation and set-
tlement of the Territory of Oregon, on which the
pending question was the passage of the bill.
Mr. MOREHEAD, who was entitled to the floor,
said that, for reasons which he had stated this
morning, when offering the resolution calling
for information from the executive department as
to the allegation that the British Government had
made grants in the territory, and which information
he expected would be laid before the Senate to-
morrow morning, he would move that the bill be
passed over infoimally; as it would be extremely
desirable, in the further discussion of the subject,
that there should be some knowledge of the grounds
on which the allegation, so often alluded to, had to
rest.
■ Mr. BENTON said that, before the question was
put on the postponement, he would ask the in-
dulgence of the Senator lor a few remaiks which
he deemed it necessary to make in answer to ihe
Senaor froa Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] who
spoke yesterday. It was chiefly in reference to the
Northwestern boundary lme agreed upon m the late
treaty. A good deal had been said about the
Northeastern boundary line, without the subject
being at all exhausted; and it was now time tu say
something about the Northwestern boundary line
of that treaty.
Mr. B. then produced a large map of the terri-
tory though which the Northwest boundary line
passes, and pointed out the trading route, called
the portage route, from the Pigeon river to the
Lake of the Woods, and the route called the water
communication, lying considerably to the north
of the portage route. What he contended was,
that the treaty o! 1783 designated the water com-
munication as that intended for the boundary
line, and that it was the true boundary line of the
United States. He further contended, that so con-
vinced were the British themselves of this fact,
that, in 1802, they broke up the depot of their
Northwest Fur Company at Grand Portage, and
removed it fifty miles north, for the purpose of get-
ting off the territory of the United States, and
evading the duty to which their goods were liable
to th? United States. The portage route was then
exclusively our*: and we had, by the treaty j
of 3783, a joint right to the use ot the northern
watercourse forming the intended boundary line.
By the treaty of 1842, our American negouaior
had suirettdered up uliat wav admitted by ihe
British to be ours in 184S; had given them the ex-
clusive right to the northern water communica-
tion; and had brought them back to the joint oc-
cupancy of the portage route; from which, like the
Jews, they were forty years wandering in the wil-
derness. Their hearts j earned after the Uesh pols
of Egypt, and this modern Jo>hua had led them
through the wilderness to their land of promise.
And not content with giving them everything they
craved, he made the President say, in his message,
things calculated to make the American people
believe that everything of theirs which he had
given away, instead of proving a loss, proved an
acquisition of four millions of acres ot valuable
mineral lands.
Mr. CHOATE replied, atid entered upon proof,
from what he consideied concurrent testimony, ih?.t
the w.ner communication rneaat by the treaiy of
1783 was the portage route—partly water and
partly portage; because, from the beginning of ihe
world to that day, no other rouie or csmmntucii-
tion was ever known from the Pigeon river to the
Lake of the Woods. What he coR'fftded for svafe,
that, as the words of the treaty of 1783 could not
literally be applied to any one lme ot communica-
tion—no walercouise from the river to the lake
being continuous—they mu'.l b-; taken in the geo-
graphical senve, and could apply to nothing el.,e
but the known and established route travelled by
the French, when they owned Canada, before 1760,
and by the English, who succeeded them, down to
the time of the treaty of 1783.
[This explains the point of costroversy between
the two Senators, so far as it can be rendered in-
telligible wiihout the aid of maps. They alternate-
ly addressed the Senate several times—referring to
documents, maps, treaties, and evidence derived
from statements made by both Englishmen and
Americans ]
The question was then put on passing over the
bill informally-, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 19, 1843.
Mr. WASHINGTON presented (under the rule
of the House heretofore established) the petition of
Lewis Gordon, a disabled seaman, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Mr. REDING presented the petition of Theodore
Gould, of Haverhill, New Hampshire, praying for
a pension; which was appropriately referred.
Mr. BIDLACK presented three memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal of
the bankrupt act; which were laid on the table.
Mr. R1DGWAY presented a memorial, signed
by 48 merchants and others, of the county of Frank-
lin, Ohio, prgyin? Congress to restore the summer
term of ihe Untied Staffes circuit and district courts
of Ohio, to Columbus, the seat of Government of
that State. Also, a memorial signed by 11 mem-
bers of the bar, and others, of the town of Dela-
ware, Delaware county, Ohio, of the same charac-
ter; which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
AMERICAN HEMP.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS called for the second
reading of the joint resolution to establish agencies
for ihe purchase of water-rotted hemp.
Mr. EVERETT objected to the consideration of
any business out of its regular order.
The CHAIR suggested to the gentleman from
Vermont, that the resolution came up upon its
second reading under the rules. It was then read
the second time, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
(he United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, autheriied
to establish ar\ agency in the State of Kentucky, and an agency
in the sState of Missouri, for the inspection, test, and purchase
of water-rotted hemp for the use of the American navy.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and then, by general consent,
read the ihird lime, and passed.
Mr. ivlcCLELLAN of New York asked leave to
offer the following resolution, which was read for
information:
Jlesoh-ed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to report to this House copies of the returns made to him by
the several district attorneys, clerks of the circuit and district
coaits, and marshals of the United States, of the fees and emolu-
ments received by them, respectively, in pursuance oi the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act making appiopriatious for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year eighteen hundred and forty-two."
Mr. EVERETT objected to the resolution, un-
der the apprehension that it would give rise to de-
bate.
Mr. McCLELLAN moved a suspension of the
rules; which being carried, the resolution was con-
sidered and adopted.
SOLDIERS OF OLD INDIAN WARS.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana presented a memorial
and joint resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
praying the passage of a law to extend the benefits
of the act of Congress of June 7, 1832, to the vol-
unteers and milrua who were in service against the
Western Indians, from the nominal close of Sur
levoiutionary war by the treaty with England in
1783, to the final close thereof, by treaty with the
Indians at Greenville, in 1795.
Also, a memorial and joint resolation of ihe
same body, on the subject of the Post Office
laws.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
Mr. QIDDINGS asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion directing the Committee on Military Affaiis to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to
repeal the act of the last session of Congress enii-
tied "An act providing for the armed occupation of
Florida."
Objections being made by several,
Mr. GIDDINGS moved a suspension of the
iules;butthe motion was rejected without a di-
vision.
REPEAL OF THE BANKRUPT ACT.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the bill reported by,the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary repealing the bankrupt act.
Mr. CUSHING, in reply to questions from
several members, asking which bill it'was, explain-
ed that it was not the one that was passed, and up-
on which a motion for reconsideration was pend-
ing; and moved to lay it on the table, which mo-
tion was carried.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The biil to authorize the chief clerk in the De-
partment of State to frank public and official doc-
uments sent from that office, was read the second
time, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
Mr. BR1GG3 called for the third reading of the
bill, and observed that it was only authorizing the
chief clerk in the Department of State to do what
the Secretary has the right to do.
Mr. EVERETT objected to the third reading to-
day, and the bill was therefore passed over.
Mr. CAVB JOHNSON asked the House to
take up the bill introduced by him, prohibiting ex-
tra allowances to officers of the Government.
Mr. CUSHiNG objected, and the motion was
not, therefoie, put to/the House.
Reports of committees, being the next business
in order, were called for by the Chair, and the
following were made;
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reporied a bill to revive the act en-
titled " An act to enable claimants to lands within
the limits of Missouri and the Territory of Arkan-
sas to institute suits to try the validity of their
claims," approved May 26 h, 1824; and extending
the same to claimants to lands within the limits of
the States of Louisiana and Mississippi, and for
other purposes: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Philander Smith
and James Young; which was read twice and re-
ferred.
Mr. DEBERRY, on leave, presented the joint
resolutions of the Legislature of North Carolina
on the subject of the United States arsenal in that
State: laid on the table.
Mr. STANLY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, moved that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
sundry citizens of Virginia, on the subject of the
superintendency of the national armories; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill m addition to the act for the pay-
ment of the Florida miliiia, who were called into
service during the years 1839 and 1840: read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union.
Mr. W. 0. BUTLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill to amend the act entitled "An act re-
specting the organization of the army and for other
purposes," approved 93d August, 1842: read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the same committee, moved
that tt be ditcharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of Uriah Brown; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following joint resolutions;
which were severally twice read, and referred:
A joint resolution in favor of Frances M. Lewis:
and
A joint resolution in favor of Mary Neale.
Mr. F. WOOD, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making an appropriation for the con-
stitution of a floating dry-dock at Pensacola;
which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. CUSHiNG, trom the Committee on For-
eign Affatrs, to which was referred so much of the
message of the President of the United States as
communicated the lale treaty with England, re-
ported a bill for carrying said treaty into effect;
which being read,
Mr. CUSHING observed, that the House would
perceive that the bill just reported was for ejecul-
