180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
2?TH COHG->..3D SBSS.
Bill to suspend 2d section of Apportionment act—Mr. Campbell.
H. of Reps.
of contempt, would have filled these halls, and the
impudent member would have been silenced. Sir,
when ihey formed that banner of stars and stripes,
all,felt an equal interest in the reputation of each;
and, if the brightness upon any one was to be dim-
med, by any means, they all felt a holy horror at
committing the unholy deed. But what have we
seen since this question has been up. A serious effort
made to cast reproach and disgrace on one of these
States. Suppose the gentleman should succeed,
and persuade the world that one of these Stales
has acted dishonorably, unworthily. How much
has he gained? Would it give that gentleman any
pleasure to damn the reputation of Mississippi?
When her name for honor and fidelity was gone,
would it produce a thrill in his heart for the world
to point to him and say, "Thou didst it "
Does the gentleman suppose Mississippi will be
induced to retrace her steps at his instance? Sir, I
can quarrel wnh a man—if need be, fight him—
afterwards explain the matter between us, forget
the insult, shake hands, and be friends. But I can
never forget or forgive a man who abuses my
liege sovereign, my protector, my State, my coun-
try. As soon would I forget or forgive the slanderer
who would spit his foul spleen upon the fair name
of my mother. And I regret that there could have
been found one individual on this floor who should
endeavor to bring into disrepute the dear name of
my beloved-State. I let the papers pass—I care
but little for them; they delight in slander, and to
them it is sweeter far to publish racy abuce than
common-place commendation. Moreover, they
have their reward. But, sir, who is this Goliah of
Gath, who volunteers to make a deadly pass at
Mississippi. Who sets himself up to teach my
constituents lessons in the! code of honor, and to
preach to them morality, good faith, honesty, and
iair dealing? The boasted advocate of a "high
protective tariff," a system of legislative robbery,
laying burdens upon one portion of the Union
and conferring bounties upon the other; and taking
from the pockets of one part of the people without
.'heir consent, and bestowing upon another.
Ag^in, he ii the advocate of the system which
borrows all and pays none. In his own State, he
acted with the party wh® desired to run the Slate
still further in debt, by appropriations and loans;
while' he refused to levy any additional tax to in-
crease the revenue, when it was well known
that the income was unequal to the accruing
demands. And I put this question to the gen-
tleman: Which is the greatest political sinner—
the legislator who borrows money and squanders
it, without providing for its repayment; or he who
succeeds, and, finding the debt unprovided for, re-
fuses to levy burdens upon his constituents for its
payment? In my opinion, the first deserves the more
decided censure, Ttiis is the identical individual
who headed, in his own Stat", the great anti-ma-
sonic humbug niovement. This is the self-same
gentleman who authorized Gen. Harrison, at Rich-
mond, to say he was no Abolitionist.
Mr. GRANGER here interposed, and said that
he had given no such authority to General Harri-
son.
Mr. THOMPSON replied: I speak from rumor.
But dors the gentleman deny that he gave assur-
ance, through one ot his political friend.", to ihe
Senate ot the United States, when his confirmation
as PusitjuMer General was pending before that
body, that he was no Abolitiom-t?
Mr. GRANGER then said he had never done so,
in the sense in which ihe gentleman understood
thai term.
Mr. THOMPSON said he understood the gentle-
man distinctly to avos himself an Abolmonioi,
when inurrotated at the last session by ihe gentk-
ioan (rem Tennefse-*, [Ys<. Wattebson ]*
♦Note.—Extract from the speech of Mr. Wat-
tbrson of Tennessee, on the veto message:
■'The witness relu'i] upon by Mr. Watterson, is a Mr. a.
Hawyev
l'lk. Mr. Granger has say that he had yielded to (he doc-
Tines a Ivot-ii'etj hy Mr. Hlade, in his speech in regard to ihe
Dntiirf ..| Columbia, .*u?i that the notion of implied faith on the
Virginia and M-try land niu.4 he given up.
'•Mr. Granger rose and said, That is true.
'•2d. Mr. Granger has said, that whenever it could ije pxoved
Mr. GRANGER said that he never was an
Abolitionist; and be assured the gentleman that if
he was one, he would take as much pride in avow-
ing it, as he now did in denying it.
Mr. THOMPSON continued: The gentleman,
after all this, has some nerve, to rise in his place
and talk of fair dealing and straightforward con-
duct.
Tbe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ad-
ams] strikes ihe wrong key when he supposes we
are to be bullied into the assumption of State debts.
The lesson we learned from his father was to do
right, and let consequences take care of themselves;
and, "sink or swim, survive or perish, live or die,"
we will stand by our judgments, and never counsel
with our fears, in our legislative action. If Great
Britain undertakes to become the high sheriff of
the world, and goes out on this Quixotic expedi-
tion of collecting from the nations of the earih
their .debts, she will find herself greatly mis-
taken. In such an effort, in my opinion, she
will soon be willing to enter upon the executions
"satisfied in full."
The cry in this country has been "confidence,
confidence." We must restore the confidence of
the country. This was the catch-word in ihe great
struggle of 1840—and that, too, by the very same
party who, deceived and misled by the false rea-
soning ot the bankers and financiers, sustained the
banks in their open and acknowledged repudia-
tion of their debts, while they declared the whole
courgi of the opposing party was war upon the
banks. Their defalcations gradually destroyed all
confidence in banks. Next followed the failure of
the speculator's; and they cried out for the same
relief extended to the banks, by legalizing their sus-
pensions of payment. These advocates for the
restoration of confidence granted their request m
the shape of stay-laws and stop-laws in the Slates,
and of a bankrupt law here, which enabled them
to repudiate their debts. This desiroyed all confi-
dence between individuals. Next, the tax-payer
began to complain cf his burden*; and he could
not see the reason why banks and individuals
should be released from their obligations, and yet
the State should be required to pay the uttermost
farthing on her imprudent contracts.
Thiv defeciion of Ihe tax payer impaired greatiy
the confidence in State credit. Then, for the relief
of the Sta'es, unholy hands were laid upon the
land revenue, and it was distributed among the
Slates. This fund did not restore confidence and
State credit; but its withdrawal impaired in no slight
degree the confidence in the credit of Federal Gov-
ernment. Now, to consummate and destroy all confi-
dence in that credit of the General Government, it is
but necessary to authorize the issue of two hundred
millions of bond.', lor the payment of the State
debt% when we can wiih the utmost difficulty com-
mand the means adequate to meet the ordinary ex-
penditures of the Government. The acting of tbe
last scene in tt is great drama will ciuse the toial
loss of all confidence in the Government itself, and
a fatal slab will be given to const.tutienal liberty.
The gentleman from Maryland avks, What,
then, is to be done? 1 say, econonuz*? your ^x-
pens«s, and hurband your resources; borrow no
more money, and crfale no additional debt; repeal
your piohibitory tariff duties, and thus str ke off
the shackles from commerce S?_y to the States,
indecisive tories, This Government hat. nc author-
ity to tske upon its shoulders your burden*; ?.i.d
it is vain, and wirsc than -rain, to harbor such an
expec'auoi>: mr-ei your difficulties like irer: what
can be ('one, do; and do it frankly and fearlessly.
Let us pdop: for this Federal Government a settled
financial policy, and let all look to the fruits of
regular ;niiu',;ry for relief In this plain way, my
word for it, this nation will soon be prosperous and
happy.
Tr.e morning hour now expired.
that slaveholders ba<i wilad to (heir aid United States ironps to
put down an insurrection on the part of the slaves a?ajn«t the
white?; or whenever it could be made to appear that Untied
States troops had been used to sustain or protect slavery, that
raon)cut Congress would have powei to abolish slaveiy in the
different States.
"Mi*. Granger admitted that, also, was true.'1
REMARKS OF MR. CAMPBELL,
of south Carolina.
In the House of Representatives, February 24,
1843.—On House bill No. 649.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that the object of the bill
under consideration was to suspend the operation
of the second section, or districting clause, of the ap-
portionment act, so far as it was calculated to affect
the legality of elections to the 28th Congress.
From present indications, he thought that no
reasonable doubt could be entertained, if unnecessary-
collisions were avoided, that this important section
would be adopted in all the States. The opposition
to it, at first so violent, was gradually yielding to an
enlightened public opinion. The tocsin which at
first so -loudly proclaimed a danger to the rights of
the States, that never existed, has almost ceased to
sound; and, in every State of the Union except one,
where the Legislature had assembled since its pas-
sage, the people, he believed, had, through their
immediate constitutional organs, given unequivocal
indications of their approbation of its principle.
The exception to which he alluded was New
Hampshire; and he had reason to believe that, if the
excitement which unfortunately prevailed in that
respectable State was allowed to subside, she would
not be long in discharging a duty which is due, not
less to her own high character for respect to the
laws, than to the obligations she is under to the
States united with her in the Federal compact.
The condition of things, however, in New Hamp-
shire, is not the only obstacle to carrying the dis-
tricting clause of the apportionment law into im-
mediate operation. In Georgia, the electi n for
Congress had taken place under the pre-existing
general-ticket system, previous to the first meeting
of her Legislature after the passage of the appor-
tionment law; and although that body pioceeded
almost immediately to divide the State into con-
gressional districts for the 29th and subsequent Con-
gresses, yet, so far as the elections for the 28th Con-
gress were concerned, the evil was without remedy;
for, the election being held, the legislature was in-
competent to set it aside and order another in its
place—the Constitution of the United States having
vested in this House the exclusive right to judge of
the "elections, returns, and qualifications of its
members." The elections for Congress had also
taken place for the next Congress, in Missouri, under
the general-ticket system, previous to the meeting
of her Legislature, now in session; and which body,
he was informed, would, before its adjournment,
divide the State into i istricts for the 29th and sub-
sequent Congresses.
[Mr. Edwards, of Missouri, here rose and stated
that he had just learned that the bill recently pend-
ing to divide Missouri into congressional districts
had been lost.] ,
Mr. Campbeit. was sorry to hear it; but, remark-
ing that the intelligence did not affect his argument,
continued. The election for Congress under the
general ticket will also occur in Mississippi before
the meeting of her Legislature, which will not reg-
ularly convene until about the time of the meeting
of Congress, and where it is well understood that
the Governor will not call an extra session.
Under these circumstances, Mi. C. thought that
not only sound policy, but justice, required the pas-
sage of the bill under consideration, or one of a simi-
lar character. If Congress refused to do so, the next
House of Representatives must exclude the repre-
sentatives of the people of at least three States, who
have had no opportunity of complying with the law.
He had been asked why he was so desirous to
procure the suspension of a law which, at the last
session of Congress, he had not only supported, but
had introduced! He would state, in reply, that his
opinion in relation to the districting clause of the
apportionment law had undergone no change, either
in relation to its expediency or constitutionality.
Indeed, the more he had reflected upon it, the more
he was convinced of its salutary conservative prin-
ciples. The reasons why he desired its temporary
suspension were simply these: First, hy a course of
conciliation, to receive its ultimate triumph; second,
to avoid the confusion and delay that will otherwise
certainly occur at the next session of Congress; and,
