CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
ground, thea, en which the gentleman's opposition
could rest. The honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania had spoken of his conciliatory disposition.
Did he not perceive how much be was how acting
out &f that chatacler—to which he (Mr. A.) would
readily agree he was generally entitled—for he was
asking at the hands of the Senate for a most vindic-
tive action on this subject. He was asking for a
subjection of the interests; of the whole maritime
frontier to—what? The honorable Senator had
told them—and he (Mr. A.) asked the par-
ticular attention of the Senate to this point—
The honorable Senator had told thom that a great
company had been recently established upon the
Alleghany river, for the manufacturing of rail-
road iron. So all these sacrifices were invoked by
the honorable Senator—for whose benefit? For the
benefit of one single iron manufacturing estab-
lishment in his own Stale. This was his notion of
justice. He (Mr. Archer) supposed that the in-
terests of these corporations, to which the honorable
Senator was so hostile—corporations which subserve
agriculture and commerce—were to be sacrificed;
and to what'! Why, to the interests of another
corporation—an iron manufacturing company in
Pennsylvania.
When the discussion in which they had been
involved in relation to our protective policy upon
the passage ef the tariff bill was going on, what
was the appeal then made to them? What was the
design of the gentleman who made that appeal, in
relation to the protection of the interests of the
country'? Was it that new interests were to be
built up? Or was it not rather that the old and
established interests of the country should be pro-
tected? At that time there were none of these
establishments for the manufacturing of iron for
railroads m existence.
The gentleman, then, in invoking protection for
these iron establishments, was not borne out by the
policy heretofore avowed. Protection was intend-
ed to be extended to the old and exis'ing institu-
tions. There was scarcely a man on this floor, or,
indeed, anywhere—certainly not south of the Poto-
mac—who wouid have dared to avow the doctrine
that it was intended that new interests should be
generated. But admitting it to be otherwise—that
we were bound not to sacrifice a new interest, or a
new industry that had recently sprung up;—admit-
ting the full force ol' the argumsnts of his honorable
friend, still they would have no application to
this case. It could be no breach of thai protective
policy, admitting it to extend to the company
whose interests were advocated by the honorable
(Senator, to fay to the Petersburg company, If you
do not transcend the time limited foi making im-
portations, you ihall have the privilege of laying
down your iron when you please. The true intend-
ment was a limit upon the time for importation.
As to the laying down of the iron, it wai wholly
unimportant: it had no reference to the real policy
of th'i protection of the manufacturing interests of
the country.
The limitation of the time for laying down the
iron stood merely in the relation of a penally; and
inferior courts of justice often remit pt nalties
where the substance of the obligations is fulhl-
ed. If a curt of law were to enforce the penalty,
the court of chancery would interfere. Congress
was the highest court of justice and of equity. Here
was a penalty, the application of which was to en-
ure to the benefit of no one. They were enforcing a
penalty ia a case which was not reached by the
policy of our pro'.ective tariff. It would be a
sanctioning on their part of the vindictive penalty;
and he submitted to the honorable Senator whether
his claim to the character of conciliator would
not be endangered by his strenuous advocacy of
this vmdictive action. It would not only not enure
to any public benefit, but it woald be producive of
no sort of benefit to the iron-inanufac'uring com-
pany in Pennsylvania, wh'ch nas the only estab-
lishment now manufacturing that sort of iron in the
United States. There ihou'd, he thought, be no hei-
itaticn on the question.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he believed this to be a
bill of great importance, and calculated, in i's
effectv, to repeal the policy of the late tariff law,
jn reference to a single article, without a modifica-
tion of the whole of it. He wished to present to
the Senate his views upon this subject, and he
would do it as briefly as possible. He had no in-
terest in this bill, which was not common to every
Senator. His honorable friend was mistaken if
he supposed that he argued that, because there were
one or two establishments for the making of rail-
road iron in Pennsylvania, that was a reason for the
rejection of this bill. He had stated the fact mere-
ly for the information of the Senate, and for no
other purpose. Still, it was important informa-
tion, and well worthy the attention of the country.
The Senator said he (Mr. Buchanan) was well
acquainted with the Horatian rule. He presumed
the rule the Senator referred to was, that he never
asked the interposition of the gods, unless in a
difficulty otherwise insuperable. But if he should
succeed in representing to the Senate his idea', upon
this subject, he thought the Senator would agree
with him that there was no insuperable difficulty in
the case.
It appeared to him a perfectly plain case; and
notwithstanding the Senator from South Carolina
thought it was unworthy of argument, he doubted
whether he would be able to succeed in refuting
even the feeble arguments which he would be able
to present. He asserted that corporations had
great power in this country. They were never
satisfied. One decision against them might follow
another; and they were always ready, like the
heads of the hydra, to spring up to new life, and
persist in urging their claims upon Congress. If
ever a question had been settled on broad, and lib-
eral, and just principles, he contended it was this
question, so far as corporations were concerned.
Let them look at this case, and they would see the
respectable Committee on Finance reporting a bill,
without a line accompanying that report for the
benefit of a corporation.
If a poor old soldier applied for a pension, the
question was, in every instance, referred to a com-
mittee; and the case was presented to the Senate
m an ample and full repoit. The Senate could
not tell now how much iron was to be laid down;
they could not even tell the length of the road that
was to be relaid, or how much had already been
laid down; they could not tell whether thev wete
to release to the company the payment of $50,000
or $500. They had the naked statement of the
company, which conveyed no authentic informa-
tion on the subject.
Mr. B. proceeded to review the history of the
legislative enactments in reference to this compa-
ny, and argued that the exclusive privileges granted
to it had already occasioned the tax upon the
community to beincreased to a very great extent.
And now the question was, whether a second
exemption from the payment of duties, to
which all other citizens wete subject, should
be extended to this railroad company; for so
far from its beir.g a mere extension of the
time for laying down th<s iron, it would in
reality be a further release of duties. He was far
from being an enemy to corporations whose pur-
poses', objects, and views were for the public ad-
vantage. Ho was far from being an enemy to
railroad corporations; he believed they had been of
much service to the country. But'as to the inflii-
er,ce exerted by corporations, it was plainly visi-
ble. The Oregon Territory bill was laid aside;
the question involving peace or war was
laid aside, in order that this measure should pass,
and that the railroad company should be put to no
inconvenience. When he asserted that corpora-
tions had influence, he was borne out by the facts
before them. Did they not see respectable men
associated together in the form of a rompanj-, hav-
ing an object to accomplish, bringing respectable
men from Virginia to advocate and support their
interests? They could, and did, urse their claims
with more impunity, and with grea'er pertinacity,
and with better success, than individual citizens.
He, did think, when he had consen'ed in 1841
and 1842 to yield to iheir demands, that we
should have heard no more of railroad comcanies'
exemptions from the common burdens borne by
the citizens of this country. If they should suc-
ceed in passing this bill, it would be, a« he said
before, but the entering wedge, so far as regards
Pennsylvania and Kentucky, and the other iron
producing States. Whether the tariff be right or
wrong, (and he was not going to discuss that
question)—whether the principle of protection be of
benefit or not—it was a general enactment, de-
signed to have a general application; and he re-
garded it as highly improper and inexpedient t.o
fritter awav that law by special legislation. , '
Mr. RIVES said he desired to make a single ob-
servation in regard to the point upon which ■ the
Sena'or from Pennsylvania seemed to lay all the
emphasis, viz: that here was an application for ex-
emption from the du'y on iron, to which exemp-
tion the company asking it was not entitled, ac-
cording to the equitable construction of the law*
It seemed to him (Mr. E.) that the constructioil
given to the law by the honorable Senator was al-
together too liberal, and that it did not satisfy the
equity of the case.
Mr. Rives here read the provision of the stat-
ute which applies to the laying down of the iron
necessary to complete the road previous to the 3d
March, 1843. It appeared to him, from the facts
presented in the memorial of the Petersburg com-
pany, that the road never had been completed, and
that the Senator from Pennsylvania was therefore
incorrect in supposing that the intention was te re-
new the exemption heretofore enjoyed. The com-
pany, it appeared, had procured, in the first in-
stance, very light iron, which, when laid down, was
discovered to be entirely unsuitable; and they were
consequently under the necessity of ordering a new
importation. The iron had not been worn oul: it
wjs not, therefore, for the purpose of replacing old
rails by new, but of substituting good rails for
those which had been mistakenly supposed to be
sufficient. It seemed to him that this circumstance,
instead of diminishing the weight of reasoning in
favor of the passage of the bill, added to it, in a
very considerable degree; because the company had
been subjected to a double hardship, and had in-
curred considerable lo-s. He thought that, in a
fair, practical, and equitable view of the case, it
came clearly within the; spirit, if not directly with-
in the letter, of the law.
Mr. EVANS was very sorry to be under the ne-
cessity of saying another word on this subject. But,
as he was obliged to do so, he would confine himself
to one or two remarks of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bochanax,] which, h? conceived,
applied to the only question that could arise as to
the propriety or policy of the present bill. The
first point relied upon by the Senator is, that this is
a bill, not simply for extending the time for laying
down iron imported under the provisions of the
tariff law, but to release the it on imported by the
c, m party up to the 3d of March, for its railroad,
from duty altogether; or, in other words, to make
a donation of $50,000 to this company; because,
as he says, its iron is not entitled to the exemption
from duty, according to the letter and spint of the
provision in the tariff law. He thinks we are giv-
ing to tbis company privileges which do not belong
to it under existing law. This argument has been
answered in part by the Senator f'om Virginia,
[Mr. Rives,] with whom he (Mr. E ) concurred.
The law of 1841 allowed all railroad iron import-
ed previous lo 3d March, 1843, to come in duty
free, and to remain exempt from duty, provided it
was laid down before that day for use, where it is
intended for the construction or completion of rail-
roads in the course of construction. By the tariff
law of 1842, railroad iron imported and laid down
for use up to the 3d of March, 1843, is exempt
from duty; but, because this provision refers to the
law of 1841, which it is intended to carry out, the
Senator insists that it is confined to new railroads,
new branches, or parts in construction, and not be-
fore coipp'et-. He ccn'ends that th s railroad is
not one entitled to the privilege, because iron was
laid down upon it before. But the Senator over-
looks the fact that this company was only trying an
experiment, not knowing the extent of business or
weight of transport which might be required; and
indeed, at first not anticipating anything like what
has come to pass; and imported iron, which, on
irial, proved entirely too light. It proved so unfit
for the use of the road, that the company has, for
a few years back, been devoting its means to the
