188
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
object of replacing this light iron with a more sub-
stantia! and permanent kind. Until this is fully
accomplished, the road is not complete; and in
spirit, if Dot in letter, it is entitled to the privilege
of the law of 1841, recognised in the law of 1842.
Another answer to the objection made by the Sen-
ator is, that the act of 1842 extended the provision
of the act of 1841 to all railroad iron imported and
laid down for vise prior to 33 March, 1843; and, al-
though the words ''entitled under any existing law"
ar® used, it does not exclude the construction that
iron for repairs of railroads may not be imported
duty free, according to the spirit and meaning of
the law of 1842. The Senator says there was no
existing law which entitled this company to import
iron for its railroad, without payment of duty, to re-
place iron already in use that had before been im-
ported duty free. If that is the construction of the
proviso in the law of 1843, this bill will not affect
it. But, the Senator will say, Why pass it, then,
if it will be of no avail? It is precisely because the
friends of ihe bill think it will avail, and because
they put a di/ferc.it construciiou on the law of
1849, th^t they wish to pass it. They wis-h to pass
it, because, while it inflicts no injury en the reve-
nue, (for it can make no difference in that particu-
lar,) it will give not only great convenience to the
operations of the company, but confer a public
benefit on the country, and its mails and commerce,
by preventing an unnecessary interruption and sus-
pension, for an indefinite period, of the intercourse
of travel by that route of railroad.
The Committee on Finance had considered all
these things. It found that the iron was here, and
would and could be laid down by the 3d of Match,
if this indulgence was not granted; thai, therefore,
it would make no difference to the revenue. They
construed the provision of the law of 1842 in the
spirit on which that law was based; and, taking
fcare that the period of importing the iron duty free
should not be extended, they conceived it reasonable
to extend the time for laying down that already
imported. He was aware that, in one sense, it
might be said the time of importation will be ex-
tended, because, without this bill, no iron would be
imported past a day which would allow time for
laying it down prior to 3d of March; and that iron
imported on the 2d of March might be dutv free,
while that imported next day would be subject to
duty. But the law was so; and the committee did
not propose any modification of it,, well knowing
that, practically, there would be no such importa-
tion up to the day. In fact, all the iron ordered
under that provit-ion of the law, its either in the
country, wholly or in the greater part—with the ex-
ception, perhaps, of some few tons in port, and not
yet landed; though he did not know that there was
any ordered not by this time received. The bill
proposes merely to allow the company till Decem-
ber next for laying down this railroad iron. It
does not prolong the time for importation. It
makes no difference to the revenue. It will, be-
sides being some convenience and saving of ex-
pense to the company, be of great convenience
and saving of time, if not of expense, to the Gov-
ernment in continuing, uninterrupted, the trans-
mission of the mails; and, in general, to the public
at large, interested in the travel or commerce of the
South.
Mr. BAYARD asked whether the bill would
have reference merely to the iron already tn
the country, or to all that may be imported up to
the 3d of March?
Mr EVANS replied that it would extend to iron
imported up to the 3d of March; but there would be
none so imported beyond what would come in duty
free, even if the bill was not parsed. The existing
law goes to ihe same exten'; and the committer
did not think proper to make any alteration,
fully impiessed with the conviction that there
would be no importation under this bill, that would
not take place under the law of 1842.
The debate was continued by Messrs. ARCH-
ER and EVAKS in support of the bill, and by
Messrs. BUCHANAN and PHELPS in opposi-
tion.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and it was passed—yeas 20, nays 19, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Calhoun, Conrad, Crafts,
Crittenden, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, Kerr, King,
McDuffie, Mangum, Merrick, Rives, Sevier, Walker, Wood-
bridge, and Young—20.
NA.YS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan,
Clayton, Linn, McRoberts, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Wilcox, Williams, and Woodbury—19.,
Several communications from the President of
the United States were then read and ordered to
be printed.
Among them was one in reply to Mr. Rives's
resolution adopted a few days ago, calling for the
correspondence between this Government and that
of 6freat Britain on the subject of the burning of
the Caroline; which correspondence the Secretary
of State transmitted to the Senate, as desired.
The PRESIDENT pro fem laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 19th instant, reports
from the State and War Departments, touching the
possession of the Oregon Territory. The Secretary
of State, in his communication, lernarks, that a
letter from Thomas J. Farnham, of January 4,
1840, appears to have been transmitted to that
department by the Secietary of War in the month
of May following; and that on the 6th of the same
month a letter was transmitted to the American
minister in London, with extracts from that com-
munication. As the President was desirous of
knowing whether the intelligence contained in Mr.
Farnham's letter, relative to large grants by the
British Government to the Hud von Bay Company,
of a large and valuable tract of land in the Oregon
Territory, aiid of supposed grants and sales of
those lands by that company to individuals, was
well-founded, the minister was instructed to make
application to the proper quarter for information
on the subjee;. In presenting the matter to the
British Government, he was assured that no such
grant of land had been made to the Hudson Bay
Company, and that the only grant which had been
made to that company was a grant of exclusive
trade with the Indians in certain parts of North
America for a further term of twenty-one years,
on the surrender of the former grant.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
THE OREGON TERRITORV.
The unfinished debate on the passage of the
Oregon bill was then resumed.
Mr. MOREHEAD, being entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for upwards of an hour. He
advocated tho passage of the bill in its present
form, and maintained that the United States should
enhei take this step now, or submit to the loss of
the territory. He showed that the provision ob-
jected to by other Senators—that of promising a
grant of land to settlers—did not conflict wnh our
obligations under the treaty, as Great Britain never
had denied our undisputed right to some territory in
Oregon. These was not one step proposed to be
taken in this bill, that we were not fully justified m
taking by the construction of the treaty on which
Great Britain had heretofore acted, and was at the
present moment acting. .
He reviewed, m detail, the progress of the British
settlements cn the C iumbia, frtra the time of the
breaking up rf Mr. Astor's settl-meots to the pres-
ent period, and showed that the wh^le policy of
England was lo encourage a British population
there, as the exclusive possessors of the soil, under
the calculation thai, when numerous enough, that
population would decide, in favor of patting the
country exclusively under British dominion. So
unrestrained and rapid was her advance to this
consummation, that, if it was not averted by the
passage of this bill, no future legislation on our
part could regain our lost giound.
Mr. McROBERTS, in order to show that Eng-
land's claim to any portion of the Territory of Ore-
gon was of recent date, read from the parlia-
mentary debates on the subject of the treaty of
Nootka Sound, the arguments of the ablest British
statesmen of that day, and the admissions of the
then ministry of England, that, instead of gaining
anything by that treaty, Great Britain had lost
whatever dubious claims she might have previous-
ly had to joint occupation with Spam south of
Nootka Sound, and was restricted in her right of
fishing and trading to the country north of Nootka
Sound.
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 23,1843.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of William
A. Palmer and 26 others, for the establishment of
a mail route from Jonesborough, in the county of
Washington, Maine, to Palmer (so called)'in,the
town of Machias, in said county; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. JOHN C. EDWARDS presented the peti-
tion of James Thomas, Judith Moss, and Claiborne
Thomas, praying an appropriation of land scrip
to supply a deficit of ten per cent., allowed to revo-
lutionary claimants under an act of 1835: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the indulgence of the
House to enable him to make a personal explana-
tion in reference to himself and the Committee of
Ways and Means. As long as he had been a
member of the House, he had never, on any occa-
sion prior to this time, felt it his duty to notice any
newspaper article in reference to his own conduct
individually, or the conduct of those with whom be
was associated. Nevertheless, there had been
brought to his notice an editorial article that was
published in the Union, a leading administration
paper of the city of New York, under date of Sat-
urday, January 21, 1843, reflecting so grossly on
him and the Committee of Ways and Means, that
he felt it to be his duty to notice it. He would
send the paper-to the Clerk's table, that it might
be read for the information of the House. Mr.
F. then handed up the following to the Clerk's
table; and it was read by the Clerk:
"The Ink ami- or Faction.—One of the most infamous acts
of faction m the plenitude of its power ever perpetrated took
place at the Capito] of the United States the day before the
Committee of Ways and Means reported on the subject of the
exchequer btll.
"It had been ascertained that a majority of the more libera!
and discreet Whigs were in favor of the exchequer scheme rec-
ommended by the Executive; and it was further ascertained
that it was very probable that the Committee of Ways and
Means would report in favor of the bill brought forward by Mr.
Cushing. these facts having reached the ears of the leaders
of the CJay faction, a caucus was ordered and holden, and went
into operation the night before the report of the committee was
made.
"At the opening of the caucus, it was plain that the majority
of the Whigs present, weary of waging: a reckless, unprofitable,
and infamous opposition to the people's will, had determined
to go forth like men, and -sustain the President and the ex-
chequer.
"At this stage of the affair, the leaders took their stand, and
commenced a furious attack on the President and the Admin-
istration. and denounced them both; and having got up much
excitement, they avowed that, if any man as a Whig gave the
least countenance to the plan of the President, he would be a
traitor to his party; and, as such, should be presented to hie
country.
"Still many of the more discreet and liberal Whigs manifest-
ed a disposition to sustain the exchequer, and to do something
to relieve the embarrassments of the nation.
"At this stage of the game, a letter from Mr. Clay was
brought forward and read. In that most precious document,
he urged that it was the duty and policy of the Whigs to defeat
the exchequer, and leave the ceuntry to suffer. 'Let the people
feel,' said the writer of the letter adroitly; 'let them suffer: and,
casting the responsibility of the act on the shoulders of the
President as they will, they will soon become outrageous, and
blight the vast hopes of his ascendency. But, if you give them
an exchequer, it may relieve them somewhat; it way afford
something of that pecuniary aid they seek, and the Whigs will
be divested of the capital they werk upon.' Such was ihesub-
stance, if not the very letter, ol the epistle; and it was not
without its effect. A long and animated debate ensued; and,
finally, the question was taken by yeas and nays. It was not
known what was the exact vote; but it is known that the mi-
nority was very strong, and that the majority m favor of in-
structing in caucus the Committee of Ways and Means to re.
port against the exchequer did not cxceed four votes.
"Amajority obtained, after everything like areument, men-
ace, and denunciation had been exhausted; and Mr. Clay's
white Charlies defeated the exchequer bill in caucus, bound in
chains one of the most important standing committees of the
national Congress, and deprived the nation of an opportunity
of even discussing a bill, in the fate of which the happiness,
the interests, and the future splendor of the -whole nation, are
involved.
"If the exchequer bill had not been defeated by the caucus—
if it had been permitted to be introduced to Congress, where it
legitimately belonged—it would have passed by the votes of the
Democracy, aided by those of the supporters of the Adminis-
tration, and the support it would have obtained at the hands of
the more liberal Whigs. But Mr. Clay ordained that the peo-
ple should suffer; his slaves in Congress consummated the act;
and let the infamy of the deed rest on the shoulders of the un-
principled of the Whigs, and him who, as Mr. Randolph of
Koanoke fitly and eloquently said, attempted to sustain himself
