CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
and his hopes by forming a coalition between the puritan and
the blackleg.
"Let the American people read and see, to their utter amaze-
ment, that a caucus of unprincipled demagogues at Washing
ton, acting at the nod of Mr. Clay, can and do blight and dese-
crate the dearest and holiest interests of the nation. Let them
read and know these things; and then, if they be true to them-
selves, let them advance in solid columns to the rescue of an
administration that is entitled to every man's confidence, re-
spect, and approbation."
Mr, P. desired, also, that an article in the Mad-
isonian of this morning, on the same subject, might
be read.
Mr, WISE wished to know whether this was a
privileged question, and whether it had preference
over the business of (he House.
^The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fillmore] asked leave to make a
personal explanation; and permission was granted
him by the general consent ofthe House.
"Mr. WISE said he only wished to know whether
this was a privileged question. He certainly
should not object to extending to the gentleman
the usuaJ courtesy of the House.
The article from the Madisoaian was then read
as follows:
New York, January 19,1843.
One of the most disgraceful acts that ever distinguished a fac-
tion, occurred at Washington a few days prior to the uttering
of the report of the Committee of WSys and Means, in refer-
ence to the exchequer bill.
It is a somewhat roundabout way, to be sure, to get facts
before the public, that transpire at Washington, to send this
from New York to the American metropolis; but, as there aio
obstacles here in the way of free communication, and as the
fa<5t I wish to get to the world is important, I send it to you—
and here I state it.
Themght before theCommittee of Ways and Means was to
report on the.exchequer bill, a "caucus" of the Whig* was
held, and the subject was taken up for consideration. '
After consultation and debate had been had, it was found
that there was a strong and a determined disposition, on the
part of the Whigs, to repoit favorably, and to vote in favor of
the bill. Indeed, there was a majority of the caucus in favor
of such an issue. In the midst of this state of feeling, it was
urged by unprincipled leaders that, if the bill found a favora-
ble report, and should, by any chance.be adopted, it would at
once insure the popularity of the Administration, and facilitate
the prosperity of the President. Tins, of itself, in all proba-
bility, would have been enough to damn the bill, and secure the
defeat of the exchequer scheme; but other aids were called in
to consummate the unprincipled baseness of the Whigs.
To complete the work of iniquity, a letter—written, as it is
said, by Mr. Clay—dated at Natchez, was read, in which it was
urged that Congress ought to linger on till the 4th of March, Jo
nothing for the country, and thus, by "applying the screws to
the whole commerce and business of the nation, louse it to in
dignation toward the President, and thus an! the towering ambi-
tion of the Kentucky candidate for the Presidency."
My sources of information are coriect and authentic, and the
facts here stated cannot be denied by the Whigs m Congress.
But for theactsof the Whig caucus, the Committee of Ways
andMeans would have reported the exchequer bill, on the basis
of the scheme presented by the Executive; it would have been
taken up in the House, and been adopted by the votes-? of tho
Democrats, aided by the liberal Whigs.
These factsare oi too much consequence to the people of the
United States to be kept back; and they should be heralded to
the world, tha* the citizens of the United States may know how
it is that they are imposed upon, and saddled with embarrass-
ments of the moat distressing and blasting nature.
The House would perceive that very grave and
serious charges were brought against the Commit-
tee of Wajs and Means on their reporting against
the exchequer. The first charge in the article in
the New York Union, and reiterated in the Madi-
sonian, was thi>:
<lIt had beenaacerUiineJ that the majority of the more liberal
and discreet Whigs were in favor o! the exchequer scheme
recommended by the Executive; and it was further ascertained
that It Was very probable that the Committee of Ways and
Means would report m favor of' the bill brought forward by
Mr. Cushing. This fact having reached the ears of the leaders
of the Clay faction, a caucus was ordered and holden, and went
into operation the night before the report of the committee was
made."
In regard to the single fact (here staled, he de-
sired to say that the report of the- Committee of
Ways and Means on this subject was made on
Monday morning; so that, if the caucus was held
on the night preceding that report, it must have
been held on Sunday evening. No caucus, how.
ever, was held, on that or any other subject, to his
knowledge; and no communication came to his
knowledae, from any source, showing that a Whig
caucus had been held directing that report to be
made.
The next charge was:
{kAt the opening of the caucus, it was plain thatamajork
of the Whigspresent, weary of waging a reckless, unprofitable,
and infamous opposition to the people's will, had determined
to go forth like men, and sustain the President and the exche-
quer At this stage of the affair, the leader* took their stand,
and commenced a furious attack on the President and the Ad-
ministration, and denounced them both; and fiaving got up
much excitement, they avowed that, if any man, as a Whig,
gave the least countenance to the plan of the- President, he
would be a traitor to his party; and, as such, be presented to his
country,"
He had only to say, in reference to that charge,
that he had no knowledge of it, and had no belief
that anything like it ever took place; and he chal-
lenged any one to rise in bis place, and say that
he could prove it to be true.
The next charge was, "that a letter frcm Mr. Clay
had been produced and read at the caucus," &a.
[Here Mr. F. read the paragraph on that subject"
above quoted.] To this he could only saythat he
knew not what Mr. C!ay's sentiments were on the
subject; that he never heard that Mr. Clay wrote any
letter on the subject; and that no such letter of Mr.
Clay was ever presented at any Wbig caueus at
which he was present; nor spoken of, nor alluded to.
Ths only knowltdgehe had of Mr. Clay's sentiments
on the subject, was that general knowledge derived
from observing his political course of conduct.
Having denied, as he did peremptory and em-
phatically, any knowledge of the subject, he had
only to say further, that all ihestatemeuts contain-
ed in the two articles to which he had called the
attention of the House were, so far as he had
any knowledge of the subject, unequivocally false.
If any members here knew any facts or circum-
stances sustaining them, he begged that they would
bring them out. It was due to the subject, and
due to the country, that they should spjak out, if
they had anything to say on the subject. Injus-
tice to the Committee of Ways and Means, he
would say that ihey took up the subject of the ex-
chequer with a sincere desire to recommend it, or
some similar measure, to the House; and it was
after the most malure and serious consideration
that they came to the conclusion that they could
only perform their duty to the country by recom-
mend'ng its rejection. He did not know mat hi;
duty to himself, or to the committee, required that
he should say more. If there were any members
present who had any knowledge of the subject, he
would say that it was their duty to communicate it
to the world. Mr. F. was also understood to ask
if any of "the guard" knew anything of the mat-
ter, that they would rise and disclose it.
Mr. WfSE inquired if the gentleman from New
York, by his last allusion—which he (Mr. W.)
thought was at least gratuitous—meant to impute
to him, or any of the other members of "the
guard," as the gentleman was pleased to call them,
any part or lot it the publication in the Union.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had not meant to im-
pute to any one of those gentlemen eiiher part or
lot in so dishonorable a transaction.
Mr. WISE said he knew no more about that
publication than ike gentleman from New York
did: he saw it for the first time thir, morning in the
Maditonian; and he was astonished, or he might
have been astonished, at the facts there detailed,
whatever little foundation there might be at the
present time for such statements; yet, looking at
the past, he did know—and the gentlemen U em-
selves had confessed before the country by the
adoption of a report, which they adopted by a
major ty, he believed, of 100 to 80, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, m which they set forth the fact
in reference to a fiscal agent—that a caucus, and
nothing but a caucus, by its machinery, did con-
trive the legislation of Congress; that a caucus
sent its s>gent to the President, to know what his
will wss, in order that they might contrive their
legislation; or, in the language of their own report,
or of ths gentleman from Massachusetts at the last
session, that they might conform their action in
compliance with the executive will. He bad row
only to ?ay, on this matter, that be congratulated
the gentlemen if they thought—and, wheiher this
was false or Irue, ha knew not—that if it xvas true,
it would be disgraceful: he coasra'.nlsted himself
that they had awakened to true sentiment;and that
if a caucus should dictate to the Hou=c what its
legislation should be, it wr.-uld be disreputable to
that standing committee (of Ways ard Means)—.
thst ii would be disreputable to its chairman, [iMr.
Fillmore,] and disreputable to this par!}' which
thus conducted the legislation of the country.
Whether the pentl r.i-n and his pj.rtv had been m
past, or inthepre.cn' iustasc", so gudtv, lei the
world judge from the report which they had adopt-
ed; in which it was stated by themselves that they
did, in an informal manner, send the emissary of a
caucus on the subject of a fiscal agent, to ascer-
tain how they might comply with the Executive
will.
He did not "wish to consume the time of the
House; nor should he have risen, but for the allu-
sion to himself, and five other gentlemen on that
floor; and he would conclude now, by moving that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of taking up the exchequer bill reported by the se-
lect committee at the last session of Congress; and
in Committee of the Whole they would have an
opportunity to discuss the whole subject; and after
the committee had reported to Ihe House, they
would be able to determine who was for action,
and who was against action on that subject. He,
for one, did not, on bis part, wish to take up the
time of the House, or to waste it by this negative
action. He hoped the gentlemen would go to
business like men, take up the exchequer bill, and,
by their own action, show the truth or falsehood of
these statements in relation to their conduct.
Mr. FILLMORE rose to inquire if there was
not a special order tor to-day?
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in ihe
negative.
Mr. FILLMORE said there must certainly be a
mistake.
Th<? SPEAKER diiected the Cierk to consult the
journal.
Mr. J. R, INGERSOLL, in the mean time,
asked permission to present to the House a memo-
rial from Philadelphia in favor of the exchequer
scheme recommended by the select committee; and
he moved its reference to the Committee of the
Whole having that bill in-charge.
He also asked leave to present the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia in fa-
vor of the prosecution of the coast survey; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole.
The C'erk, having consulted ihe journal, re-
ported that the special order was for Monday next,
the 30.h instant.
Mr. BRIGGS understood that Monday the 30!h
was .set apart for Territorial business.
Mr. FILLMORE said there was certainly a
mistake, and it had occurred thus: The Committee
of Ways and Means broucht in their report on
Monday, two wetks ago, on the subject of the
exchequer scheme of the President; and, amongst
other things, proposed its postponement until Mon-
day two weeks, (this day,') and that it be made the
special order for that day. It would now be rec-
ollected that the ques'ion went over until the next
day, (Tuesday,) and thus the error had occurred;
Monday two week?, being Monday Ihe 30th in-
stant.
Mr. CUSHING, to get ridofthe difficulty, moved
to postpone the special order, (if there were one
for to-day,) that the House might go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union.
Mr. BURNELL and Mr. GIDDINGS were un-
derstood to present petitions on the subject of the
currency, deeming this a favoiable opportunity to
do so.
Mr. BOTT3 ro*e and said he -wished to make
a remark on a subject brought to the attention of
the House a few days ago, as on a privileged
question. He alluded to the vote taken in rela-
tion to the priming of 5,000 extra copies of ths
reports from ihe Committee on Commerce, on the
subject of ihe imprisonment of colored seamen in
S iiihvrn ports. That vo'e was passed without much
attention, or he certainly should have opposed it
at the time. Hwas enough to say that neither report
was read to tli-3 H'.use; and he did not wish to
commit himself on eu.-h a subject, or to give it his
sanction, until he had fully examined it; nor did he
wish that it should receive congressional sanction
by an order for the printing of an additional num-
ber, If it would have tbe tendency to allay ex-
ciiement, he would not object; but a'he did not
conceive Mich would be ihe result, he now moved
a reconsideration of the vote by which 5,000 extra
i-opi's of those reports were crdeted.
•S-.trte iries'ulai convcria'ion ensued; in the midst
of which, it was understood that some gentleman
