192
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE=
"•But it is the end—that of a sound and sufficient currency,
and a .faithful execution of the fiscal duties of Government—
■"that should engage the dispassionate and candid consideration
of the whole community. There is nothing in the name of a
bank of the United States which has any magical charm, or to
which any one need be wedded. It is to secure certain great
objects, without which society cannot prosper; arid if, contrary
to my apprehensioua, these objects can be accomplished by
dispensing with the agency of a bank of ttie United States, and
employing that of State banks, all ought to rejoice, and heartily
acquiesce; and none would more than I should."
Mr. Clay, in this paragraph, expressed his wil-
lingness that other expedients should be adopted;
and, if it should be found that the objects he had
in view—viz: a sound and sufficient currency, and
a faithful execution of the fiscal duties of the Gov-
ernment—could be accomplished by dispensing
with a bank of the United States, none would re-
joice more than he would.
He did not wish to be understood, in these re-
marks, as enlisting against Mr. Clay, and in favor
of Mr. Tyler; but, as a fair and a candid man,
recollecting these remarks of Mr. Clay at Hano-
ver, he thought it no more than fair and just to call
the attention of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Underwood] to them, for the purpose of
showing him that he had no more right to draw
conclusions derogatory to Mr. Tyler, than he had
to censute Mr. Clay for the same thing. He
knew that it was in the power of the sophistry of
the gentleman from Kentucky, as well as others of
Mr. Clay's friends, to explain away these things,
and make them mean anything or nothing; bin he
thought that it would generally be believed by the
intelligent of the country, that Mr. Clay, when he
made his Hanover speech, was willing to accom-
modate himself to the particular atmosphere by
which«.he was surrounded. He did not intend,
when he rose, to occupy the attention of the
House thus long. The question on which he wished
to speak was not before the House, and he was
Unprepared with the notes of many things he
wished to refer to. He had, however, endeavored
to redeem the pledge he made some days ago to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,]
and he trusted and believed that he had succeeded.
Mr. CUSHING said lie d:d not know what it
was the purpose of the House to do in reference to
the subject before ihem—whether it was their inten-
tion summarily to defeat she exchequer bill, by
adopting the resolution before them, or lo suffer it
to undergo a regular discussion and examination
on its merits. He could hardly believe that it could
be the pleasure of the House to dismiss so impor-
tant a measure in ibis summary manner—to con-
demn it first, and try it afterwards He could not
believe that the House would decide against it
without any discussion. It was said of Rhada-
manthus that he punished first, and tried after-
wards—"castigat auditnue;'" but that was a mode of
procedure fit only for the regions below, and not
for the judgments of that House.
He would, in the -first place, move to amend tun
resolution by striking out the word "not," as that
would be the most appropriate way to bring the
whole subject up for discussion; and then, after
laying before the House a number of memorials
on the subject, which he had not yet bad an oppor-
tunity of presenting, he would move an adjourn-
ment, reserving his remarks for to-moirow. Mr.
C. then laid before the House a nurnl er of memo-
rials from the principal cities of the: United States,
all praying for the passage of the exchequer bill;
after which, he moved thai the House adjourn;
which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, January 24, 1843.
'The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the State Depaitment,
transmitting further information received at that
department as to the operations of the bankrupt
law; which, on motion by Mr. ARCHER, was or-
dered to be referred to the Judiciary Committee,
and be printed,
Memorials were presented by Mr. EVANS from
Bath, Maine, and by Mr. SIMMONS from Bristol
and Providence, Rhode Island, representing thai
the mercantile navigation of the United States has
suffered materially from the effects of the existing
treaties, and the arrangements between the United
Sta'es and Great Britain, the Hanseatic Republic?,
France, Holland, Denmark, Russia, and Sweden,
respectively; and that tho.-.e ireatiesand arrange-
ments termed rtciprocal have not proved recipro-
cal to tbe navigation of the United States; and
asking that Congress would, so far as the treaties
permitted, make regulations which would relieve
them from the consequences resulting from these
relations.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from
Cyrus Shepard and others, of Genesee county, N.
Y., in favor of a horizontal protective tariff; which
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Also, presented a memorial from citizens of the
city and county of Philadelphia, in favor of the
pUn for a board of exchequer; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from the city
of New York, in favor of the plan of the Execu-
tive for a board of exchequer: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Oswego, New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, presented a petition from Samuel Dewey,
asking for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, presented a petition from Joseph Watson,
of Ohio, praying for compivnsation as secretary and
storekeeper to Indian department in the Northwest;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONRA.D presented a petition from Lau-
rens Millander, of Louisiana, praying for con-
firmation of sales of public lands in the New Or-
leans land district; which was referred lo the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reponed back, with an amendment, the bill
to apply certain alternate sections of the public
domain towards the completion of works of in-
ternal improvements in the State of Michigan, and
for other purposes, accompanied by a special re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Koads, to which had been re-
ferred sundry memorials from all parts of the
United States, and resolutions adopted by the Le-
gislatures of the States, m favor of restricting the
franking privilege, and of reducing the rates of
postage, reponed a bill to limit the use and correct
tbe abuse of the franking privilege; and a bill to
reduce the rates of postage; which were read, and
ordered to a second reading.
[The bill concerning postages fixes the rate on
all tingle letters carried a distance not exceeding
thirty miles, at five cents; for all distance? exceed-
ing thirty miles, ten cents. Double, triple, and
quadruple letters, in the same proportion. On
newspapers, not exceeding in dimension 1,350
square inches, one cent postage; on papers exceed-
ing that dimension, one cent additional for every
5 square inches above the 1,350 square inches.]
Mr. WALKER remarked that the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which had been referred the
memorial of John Grant, of Mississippi, praying
certain compensation, bad instructed him lo repcrt
the following resolution, viz;
Resolved, Thdtihe Secretaiy of War be deeded to commu-
nicate to the Senate a copy of the contract made with John
Grant, for dredging the channel of ihe Choctaw pass, in the
harbor of Mobile, in October, 1836; together with the date of
the cancellation of the said contract, and the reasons therefor;
also, a copy of any contract made with othets for said work
since lS'lb, and when tiie work was commenced under such con-
tract; together witha statement of alt the moneys expended in
improving said Choctaw pass since 1836; also, a copy of the
contract for excavations in theDoa; river bar, and when said ex-
cavations commenced under said contract, and the price paid
for any machines to execute that work; also, a statement oftiie
time consumed in the construction of the steam dredgine ma-
chine hnilt for the removal of thebaratthe mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, including the time of transportation and other delays,
until the work ol excavating" commenced,
Tbe resolution was then read and adopted.
On motion «f Mr. CONRAD, the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury touching the qucs'itn
of refunding certain purchase money, lo citizens
of Louisiana, was taken from the table, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported batik, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
from ihe House entitled "An act to transfer to the
trustees of Centre College, in Kentucky, the lands
heretofore granted to the Kentucky Asylum for
the teaching tbe Deaf and Dumb "
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported a
bill to settle the title to Pea Patch island, in the
rivej Delaware; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
The following bills were then read the third
time, and passed:
The bill for the benefit of ihe Planters' Bank of
Mississippi, and the Agricultural Bank of Missis-'
sippi; and
The bill to amend the charter of the town of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of Richard H. Wilde (by
granting him the benefit of the copyright laws of
the United States to a certain work of his on Ital-
ian literature, notwithstanding such work mky be
first published in England) was taken up and read
the third time; and the question then being "Shall
tbe bill pass?"
Mr. TAPPAN made some remarks adverse to
to its passage, and demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN made some remarks in favor of
the bill; when
The question being taken on its passage, it was
determined in the affirmative—yeas 24, nays 15.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Balie Peyton, now of New Orleans, praying the
payment of the award of certain arbitrators, for
property taken by the United States on which to
erect a light-house; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. RIVES,' the House bill for
the relief of Teackle Savage, administrator of
Bo!itha Laws, which bad been reported adversely
upon by ihe Committee on Claims, was taken up
and recommitted to that committee—some addi-
tional testimony in favor of the claim involved hav-
ing been received.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for ihe relief of
Mary W. Thompson; which was read, and order-
ed to a second reading; and the report accompany-
ing ordered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented several memori-
als from the cities of New York, Buffalo, and
Troy, in the State of New York, in favor of the
plan for the board of exchequer recommended by
the Executive; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The bill for the occupation and settlement of the
Territory of Oregon came up on its passage, as
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WOODBURY, who -was entitled to the
floor, addressed ihe Senate at considerable length
in support of the bill.
He considered the Oregon Territory as incon«
testably ours, as any other of our possessions.
There was no more reason against our occupying
it, than there could have been against our exercising
jurisdiction over Iowa or Wisconsin when we
placed them under our territorial government.
There could be only one of two objections to our
exercising the tame ownership—one of which was,
that we entertain soma doubt of our title; and the
other, thst it may be inexpedient to exercise our
undcubted right.
To neither of these could he accede. In-
deed, so far as regards the first, he was glad to find
that there was not a single member of the Senate
who seemed to entertain the slightest doubt of our
just title io the entire of the territory. All contend
that our right to all we claim is indefeasible. Why,
then, should there bs any hesitation about exer-
cising our ownership over the territory? The dis-
pute between us and England never can be about
that; for she does not profess to deny our right to
temtory. She maj reasonably confine us to the
letter of the existing treaty; but, m doing this, she
is necessarily bound to show that she conforms
strictly lo it herself. If she gives it a construction
which we hitherto have not given to it, she can
have no just cause of complaint should we adopt
