194
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
citizen* of the United States of America. : He then
quoted farther provisions of the law, which went
conclusively to prove that the treaty was one of
trade and commerce with the Indians merely, and
that the rights of the United States were scrupu-
lously guarded. He then quoted other provisions
of the act .of Parliament extending the laws of Can-
ada over the portions of that territory at the dispo-
sal of the Hudson Bay Company, as a justifica-
tion of the provision of this bill which authorized
the courts of the United States to extend their ju-
risdiction over the American settlements in that
territory.
Mr. P. then went on to say that the promise of a
pro vision hereafter, by Congress, of a grant of lands
to sellers, is of the same nature as our pre emption
rights allowed in theStates and Territories of the Uni-
ted States. It is not necessary that the grant of
lands should precede the occupancy. Our system
has been to permit the occupancy first, giving a
pre-emption right, which is to secure the possession
afterwards. The provision of this bill would act in
like manner. It would be viewed in the light of a
pre-emption right to such portion of territory as
should belong to us.
11 is not necessary for England to make such a
law for the encouragement of her settlers. No one
but the Crown can dispute title with them. The
mere possession and continued occupancy is suffi-
cient title to insure the grant from the Crown at
some future time, and is relied upon as safely as if
secured by act of Parliament. The subjects of
Great Britain already have this possession and oc-
cupancy; and to place our eitizen's on an equal foot-
ing, it is indispensable that we give them the assur-
ance which this bill proposes—which ii l he mode in
which we always secure settlers in our new territo-
ries.
No man in the Senate was more opposed to war
than he was. He knew that peace was essential
to the interests of this country. He knew that it
suited best with the habits and pursuits of our peo-
ple. He would not, therefore, lightly advocate
anything calculated to produce collision with a for-
eign power. But, although he would not wantonly
enter into conflict, he could not, to s>hun it, give
countenance to an act so absurd as that of a mere
idle assertion of our rights without an accompany-
ing and absolutely necessary provision for exer-
cising them.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he had examined the
bill with a sincere desire to give it his support; but
he felt constrained to say,, after a careful examina-
tion of the treaty of 1818, that he feared it could
not, consistently with sgod faith, become the law
of the land. He would go as far as he who went
farthest in maintaining the rights of this country,
and asserting our claim to the Oregon Territory,
and in passing all necessary laws within the limits
of the just powers of this Government; but, while
he was for sustaining those rights, he was also, for
preserving all the covenants entered into by this
Government with a foreign power. The only
questions to which he desired to direct their atten-
tion were, first, as to whether this bill did or did
not interfere wiih the stipulations of the conven-
tion of 1818. When this question was satisfacto-
rily settled, ihe only remaining question would be,
Was it expedient to pass the bill? In order to as-
certain whether the bill would conflict with the
stipulations of that convention, it would be neces-
sary to examine not only the phraseology, but the
spirit and object of the convention. By the terms
of the convention, it was agreed that the country,
together with its harbors, bays, and creeks, should
be free and open, for the space of ten years, to the
vessels, subjects, and citizens of the two powers.
Whether the terms "free and open" were—as the
Senator from New Hampshiresupposed—to be con-
fined to the sense of a mere trading establishment,
leaving both parties free to assert their right to ex-
ercise jurisdiction over the territory; whether it
were a mere commercial treaty, or (as was sup-
posed by other gentlemen) it were capable of a
more extended construction, giving the rights of
national occupancy to the subjects of each nation;—
in either point of view, the same result would fol-
low—viz: that neither Government had the right to
interfere with the rights of the citizens of the other.
He was now speaking of the principle involved in
the words of the.convention; and that was clearly
that, if this Government exercise the right of
granting titles to any portion of the disputed terri-
tory, it amounted to an exercise of sovereignty and
jurisdiction, which might conflict with the freedom
and openness provided for by the treaty. It was
the highest assertion of right that could.possibly be
made, and would most undoubtedly operate to the
disadvantage of the other contracting party. What
was the principal object of the treaty? It was to
prevent the occurrence of quarrels and dissensions
between the parties. With the knowledge of this
fact, could any Senator doubt that the design was,
that no grants of land should be made by either
party? Would it not serve to create those very
disputes and difficulties which the convention was
intended to avert?
There was not much analogy between this case
and the case stated by the Senator from New
Hampihire—of a treaty of commerce between this
country and Russia, by which the port of Archan-
gel should be free for American vessels. This bill
provided expressly that any portion of the territory
mi ht be occupied by settlers emigrating from this
country, and that a good title should be given to
them; which was the highest act of sovereignty.
It had been stated that this bill proposed to do
nothing more than Great Britain had already done;
but if he had rightly understood the purport of the
communication which was read to the Senate yes-
terday, they were informed by the Secretary of
State that the British Government had expressly
disavowed the making ef any grants. He was
not going to den y that Great Britain—who grasped
at every advantage—would be very willing
that this territory should bs settled by her
own subjects; but if they were to believe
the asseriion of her accredited agent in this
case, she had done nothing which could in-
terfere with the stipulations of the convention;
and yet it was proposed by this bill to exercise
the highest act of sovereignty that could be exer-
cised by any Government. Was he not right,
then, in saying that the bill would conflict with the
convention? Gentlemen would ask, did they mean
to suffer themselves to be entirely dispossessed by
the Hudson Bay Company? No such thing.
He would go so far as to say it would be wise to
put an end to their encroachments; but he would
do it in a way which the convention would allow,
by giving one year's notice of our intention. He
thought it far better to take this course, than to
render themselves obnoxious to the imputation of
having acted in contravention of our solemn en-
gagements.
Mr. McDUFFIE next obtained the'floor, and re-
marked that he had been reluctant to enter into
this discussion; and certainly should not have risen
to take part in it, had it not appeared to him that
there were other grounds than those yet advanced,
which would influence him in opposing the passage
of this bill. The objections he had to it seemed
to him to be of greater magnitude than could at
that late hour be discussed. He would therefore
ask the indulgence of the Senate in moving an ad-
journment.
At Mr. KING's suggestion, the farther consid-
eration of the bill was postponed till to-morrow
morning.
The motion to adjourn having been withdrawn,
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate went into
executive session; and after some time spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 24,1843.
Mr. CROSS presented, under the resolution
adopted by the House, the petitions following, to wit:
Of Joseph H. Egner, praying a confirmation of title
to a tract of land in Independence county, Arkan-
sas, located by said Egner and Charles McArthur,
in virtue of a Spanish claim.
And of L. D. Marchand, of Little Rock, Arkan-
sas, for indemnity on account of spoliations com-
mitted by France prior to 1800; which were refer-
red to the appropriate committees.
* Mr. GRAHAM asked leave to offer a resolution
of inquiry, which was read as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United State# b« re-
quested to communicate to ,this House, as soon as practicable,
answers to the following inquiries:
Are the commissioners appointed in pursuance of an ap-
propriation made at the last session of Congress to adjudicate
claims arising under the Cherokee treaty of 1835, instructed to
hold their sessions in Washington, or among the Indiana in
North Carolina?
What other and further instructions are given to said com«
missioners?
The resolution was adopted.
STATE OP THE FINANCES.
Mr. ROOSEVELT offered the following rel'o-
lution, which was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be directed to
inform the House, at as early a day as practicable, whether
there has, or has not, been a great falling off in the accruing
revenues from imports since the passage of the tariff act of the
30th August last, as compared with the same period in the year*
1839, 1840, and 1841; and what, in his opinion, (assuming the
said receipts since the 1st of September last as a basis,) will
be the probable amount of the net revenue from import*
for the year 1843; and the probable amount of the public
debt at the end of the said year; and what measures, if any,
will, in his opinion, be necessary to insure the punctual pay
meat of the interest, and the ultimate hquidationjof the princi-
pal, of the said debt.
This resolution could not, under the rules, be
considered, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FILLMORE said a statement had already
been submitted from the department.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said the report from the de-
partment did not cover the whole ground, but on-
ly related to a single quarter.
Mr. FILLMORE saw no necessity in accumu-
lating these calls upon the departments.
Mr. BIRDSEYE objected to the further consid-
eration of the resolution as out of order.
Obstructions in the ohio river.
Mr. STEENROD presented the memorial of the
board of trade of Wheeling, in favor of an appro-
priation by Congress to remove the obstructions in
the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. He moved that
the memorial be printed.
Mr. STANLY objected to the printing of the
memorial.
After some remarks from Mr. STEENROD,
the question was taken, and the motion to print
carried in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. WISE, the Committee on
Naval Affairs were discharged from the considera-
tion of sundry petitions.
GENERAL JACKSON IN RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. CRANSTON presented the resolutions of
the State Legislature of Rhode Island and Provi-
dence Plantations, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to use their best
exertions to procure a remission of the fine im-
posed on General Jackson in 1815 by Judge Hall.
Tne preamble and resolutions were read; after
which,
On motion of Mr. CRANSTON, they were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The several committees were called on for re-
ports.
Mr, S MASON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, made an unfavorable report.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims,
made several adverse reports.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, when the Committee on
Commerce was called, rose and asked the House
to take up, at an early day, the joint resolution of
last session, reported by him, for continuing the
treaties now in fores with certain powers. He
suggested that the 5th of February be set apart for
that purpose.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the motion,
and it was not considered.
Mr. BREWSTER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, made an adverse report.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the bill reported
last session from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reducing the rate of postages in
the United States, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WM. RUSSELL, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse
report.
Mr. RUSSELL begged leave to offer a resolu-
tion, changing the hour of meeting to 11 o'clock on
and after the 29th January.
Mr. BARNARD objected to the consideration of
the resolution.
