CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The question was then taken on laying the bill
on the table, and resalted—yeas 15, nays 155.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and, the question being put, it
was decided in the affirmative, without a division.
THE EXCHEQUER BILL.
The report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, adverse to the plan of the exchequer, as
recommended by the President, came up for con-
sideration as the regular order of the day. The
state of the question was this: The report of the
majority of the committee concluded with a reso-
lution that it was not expedient to adopt the plan
of an exchequer as proposed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and reeamtnended to Congress by
the Executive; which resolution Mr. Cushing had
yesterday moved to amend by striking out the
word "not."
Mr. CUSHING, who had the floor, observed
that these propositions embraced the whole subject
of the currency and the finances of the country;
and in the uncertainty whether the House ever in-
tended to go into Committee of the 'Whole on the
exchequer bill, he should in this form enter into
the question as introductory to the debate upon the
whole subject. Mr. Burke, in his writings on the
French Revolution, complained that the age of
chivalry was gone, and that the a?e of sophistry
and chicanery had succeeded it. There was much
truth in this remark. The present age was agitated
with questions of banking, finance, and currency—
all of them questions in which the interests rather
than the feelings of mankind were involved. In
discussing, then, the question before the House, he
must ask its indulgence while he gave a dry and
uninteresting statement of facts—facts which he
could only take time to siate, without stopping to
discuss them.
The resolution of the majority of the Committee
of Ways jand Means, (upon his motion to amend
which the question was pending,) was a mere nega-
tion of action of any sort whatever; but although
it was impliedly merely negative of a particular
measure, yet it, in effect, avowed an exclusive
preference for a United States bank. In the whole
scope of the financial questions before them, the
committee had gone into only one form of a single
idea, which they negatived. That the House and
the country might see the particular nature of this
report, let it be supposed that, in the tarifF act pre-
pared by the Secretary of the Treasury ia obedi-
ence to the order of the House—let it be supposed
that the Committee of Ways and Means, instead
of reporling that bill back, or of amending it, or
reporting some other bill on the same subject, when
the demand of the country was so urgent for set-
tling the tariff question—had simply reported that
it was not expedient to pass the particular bill pre-
sented by the Secretary of the Treasury. Had
such a report been made at the last session, every-
body would have said that the Committee of Ways
and Means had not performed their duty—not met
the wants and expectations of the country. Wow,
in their report upon the exchequer, the Committee
of Ways and Means had done precisely the same
thing that he had imagined in respect to the tariff.
In the preliminary debate on this subject, the se-
lect committee to whom it was referred at the
last session was taken to task for reporting a bill
of their own, instead of reporting back to the
House the bill of the Secretary of the Treasury;
and their conduct was commented on in very severe
terms. Bat what was the contrast presented be-
tween the course of the select committee, and that
of the Committee of Ways and Means? The for-
mer, whilst they presented a bill different from (hat
of the Secretary of the Treasury, were not then,
and were not now, exclusively devoted to it. If
the majority of the House were ready io adopt the
bill of the Secretary of the Treasury, he was ready
to vote for it; and if the House should go into
Committee of the Whole on the bill of the select
committee, it was his purpose to move to substitute
for it the bill of the Secretary of the Treasury.
He would do this, that the whole subject might
be brought before the House; and that no gentle-
man might avoid the responsibility, that rested on
him, of voting on it.
We come (said Mr. C.) to the investigation of
this question in a peculiar exigency in the affairs
of the Government. With the expiration of the
charter of the United States Bank, had expired all
the laws regulating the depositing, disbursing, and
transfer of the public moneys by means of that in-
stitution. The independent treasury had been re-
pealed by law; and that mode of regulating the
public deposites, disbursements, and transfers, had
also ceased to exist. What, then, was the peculiar
predicament, of the Government, when the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had refused to do any-
thing in relation to the subject? Why, the public
deposites were held by the Treasurer of the United
States, under the act of 1789; [here Mr. C. recited
the act;] and it was upon the extremely general
provisions of that act that the deposites and dis-
bursements of the public money were now made,
subject only to the discretion of the Executive. And
in regard to the materials to be received at the
treasury, there was but one act regulating that sub-
jecl; and that was the resolution of 1816. [Here
Mr. C. recited the provisions of that act ]
In this predicament of the Government, the
President of the United States, in whom this dis-
cretion was imposed by the existing laws, came to
the House, and asked it to relieve him of that dis-
cretion, and to take away from him this general
power over the treasury. To this appeal of the
Executive—that Congress should strip him of this
power, and impose fixed bounds and limits to his
authority—what was the reply of the Committee of
Ways and Means? It was, that he should retain
that power—that he should not be relieved of his
responsibility, unless it could be done by the agen-
cy of a joint stock bank. That was precisely the
state of the question. It was not meeting the exi-
gencies of the Government to say that, because
they cannot have a United States bank, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will not agree that
there shall be any legislation on the subject. But
there was a question beyond the mere exigency
of the Government; and that was, the exigency
of the people. Now, what did "the people of the
United States want in regard to this matter?
Did they respond to this reply of ihe Committee
of Ways and Means? Did they say that, because
there could not be a bank of the United Slates,
there should be no legislation on Ihe subject? He
said, no. No portion of the people of ihe United
States took the ground that there should be no
legislation on ihe subject, unless for the purpose of
chartering a bank of the United States. Here Mr.
C. referred to the late elections, to show what were
the sentiments of the people on the subject. He
admitted that there was a minority of the people
of the country who wanted a bank of the United
States; but he denied that any portion of that mi-
nority took the ground that they would have one,
or nothing else. In the fiist place, they did not
desire a bank of the United States, in order
that they might obtain a greater facility of loan s
for there was already too much bank capi-
tal in the country. He repeated that they did
net desire a bank of the United States for the
purpose of adding to the ?um total of bank
paper cuirency, and thereby increasing the facil-
ity of obtaining loans. If, then, ihe minority of
the people did not desire a bank of the United
States fur this purpose, for what purpose did they
desire it? They desired it, in the first place, as a
depository; secondly, for the transfer of funds from
one point to another; thirdly, to give a nationality
to paper currency, instead of gold and silver; and,
fourthly, to strengthen the credit of the puper of the
State banks. Now he contended that all these ob-
jects were attainable without the aid of a United
States bank. But, if it were otherwise, could a
bank of the United States be had? He assumed
that it could not in the current three years; that it
could not be had during the remaining two years
of the present Administration, nor m the first year
of the next. Would the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fillmore] have the country wait for
that long period, without any legislation on the sub-
ject of the finances? But he would present a
stronger case. He wuuld assume that there coald
be no bank of the United States for the next spven
years. There was, therefore, a stronger case pre-
sented; and he would ask the Committee of Ways
and Means if they would have the country wait for
the next seven years, without any legislation on the
subject of the currency, and the safekeeping and
disbursement of the public moBey, because they
cannot get a bank of the United States?
But, again: suppose a bank charter -a possible
fact, within a period of three years—which it was
not—then there was another point of view in
which it must be seen: could the stock be sub-
scribed? He assumed that it could not be sub-
scribed abroad, where there was an absolute horror
of the credit of the United States. And he as-
sumed that it could not be subscribed at home, for
there was a growing distrust of bank investments;
and it was a period of time when they could not
obtain a loan on the credit of the United States at
6 per cent, interest. If, then, they could not ob-
tain that loan, it was preposterous to suppose that
they couM get capitalists to join in a great stock
bank; so that, if it was constitutionally a fact, it
was not financially a possible fact.
But there might be another alternative, it was
said; and that was, the sub treasury. But he would
say that the people of the United States did not
want the sub-treasury, and their objection to it had
been manifested by the elections. Though the
affirmative of what should be the alternative for
the sub-treasury was not put in issue, the sub-
treasury itself was put in ifsue; and so far as tbe
elsctions decided anything, they decided against the
sub-treasury.
But, independent of this, the people did not want
the sub-treasury, because it gave not a depository
for depositors; it was not instrumental as a means
of iransfer; it did not regulate exchanges; nor did
it furnish a currency for the country; which things
the wants of the people called upon Congress to
grant. Now, what was to remain? It was, to ask
for some instrument or institution which shall, in
the first place, be without certain things, against
which the people of the United States ha t decided;
and which should furnish certain things, amongst
which were the means of deposite, the means of
transfer, the means for a currency, and the means
of regulation. Now, it behooved the committee to
inquire if it was, or was not, advisable to provide
an instrument or an institution which could be con-
stitutionally and judiciously established, and meet
the affirmative wants of the people of the United
States, and avoid those things which they had nega-
tived.
Now, the plan of the exchequer (whether the
plan of the Secretary of the Treasury, or of tbe
committee) did all that" the people required. It
gave them everything in a United States bank
which the people want; and avoided everything in
it which the people did not want, and everything
which was against the fixed financial feelings of
the people of the United States. The exchequer
gave what tbe people wanted, and all that ihey
wanted. He had presented a vast number of me-
morials in us favor, and he knew there was a vast
mass on the way to the Capitol, praying for its
adoption, without distinction of party. He was in-
formed that one had been signed by 3,000 of the
best and wisest men of Boston. He had assumed,
then, that the exchequer would meet the exigencies
of the Government and the wants of the people;
and he now proceeded to notice the plan of its
issues. True, there were differences between the
plan of the Secretary of the Treasury and the plan
of the committee; but the differences were imma-
terial and did not affect the general idea; and if
any portion of the House desired to change the
amount of the issues, and other immaterial portions
of the bill, Irt them do it in committee. But he must
be permitted to say that in a portion of the public
press there had been a persevering delusion on the
subject of the exchequer scheme. The Evening
Post of New York had misrepresented the Houms
bill; but he would reply to the objections to the ex-
chequer scheme submitted by the Committee of
Ways and Means. The committee objected, in
the first place, that it was not so safe a depository
as a United States bank. There was a time when
he should have been ready to concur in opinion
