198
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with ihe Committee of Ways and Means, that a.
United States ,banS, inasmuch as it gave the capi-
tal of the b^nk as a collateral security, was the
safer deposilory;,bat when the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fillmore] affirmed, as a proposition of
this day, that a United States bank was the safer
depository, he (Mr. Coshino) denied the truth of
the position^ With the prostrate condition and the
ruin of the United Stales Bank (which was over-
thrown by mismanagement, and its capital squan-
dered) . before them, it .did not become them
ts> say- the safer depository was a United
States bank.,. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fillmore] admitted this tacitly in his report,
when be said that the United States Govern-
ment foresaw the danger in season to withdraw
the deposites. In the second place, the committee
objected "that the exchequer was a Government
hank; but in what respect was it so? Why, it was
objected that the sub treasury was a batik. If the
exchequer wasa bank, because it received deposites,
and bought bills of exchange, then the sub-treasury
was a bank. But before they undertook to ob-
ject to a thing on a mere word, it became them to
analyze it thoroughly. He dented that the ex-
chequer was in any sense a bank. The essence of
a bank was a great stock corporation for profit.
But,, then, the Committee of Ways and Means
objected to the exchequer, that it was capable of
expansion. But how? By a vote of the Congress of
the United States. And what, then, was the
proposition of the gentleman from New York?
[Mr. Fillmore.] Why, they could not trust the
constitutional Government of the United States,
including the President and the two branches of
Congress; but they could trust a csrporation of
mercenary men. And was not that preposterous.?
But again: the gentleman said the promises of the
exchequer were liable to non-redemption; that was,
the Government of the United States would not
take care ,of its own honor and credit, and would
iiws its paper .without the means of redemption.
Here, again, was the idea that they could trust a
bank parlor directory in Philadelphia;' but they
could not trust the Government of the United
States. All these, and o'her objections which he
numerated, which the committee had raised to the
exchequer, he contended, told with tenfold force
against a bank of the United States.
He pursued this subject at soms length, and ex-
posed what he conceived to be popular errors
respecting a United Slates bank.
He did not wish gentlemen to understand that,
in thus presenting these facts to the House, his idea
was that paper should be excluded from the com-
moti transactions of men. Far from it. There
was no more necessity for entirely excluding pa-
per from the transactions of men, than for ex-
cluding it from the proceedings of the House. But
he repeated, we never should have a stable cur-
rency, until we separated the faculty of* making
money from the faculty of lending it. [A member:
"The exchequer proposes to loan money, and to
make it also."] No, not to loan it.
He saw an illustration of the idea he had ad-
vanced, in what he bad frequently observed du-
ring the progress of affairs in this country, and in
the course of his reading about other countries.
It was this: that in all free States there were two
parties—the one in-favor of onward movement to-
ward the future; and the other in favor of recur-
rence to the past. The object of the latter party
was to restore things which had existed. "This
was the radical error of the Qommittee of Ways
and Means, in making their report. They forgot
that the world was net now where it was ten years
ago. New facts had occurred, new ideas had been
developed, new purposes avowed. Forgetful of the
new facts derived from past experience, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would call upon the
Government to refuse all legislation, unless they
could have restored an old fashioned bank of the
United States.
At this point the hour expired, and
Mr. BARNARD obtained the floor,
Mr. T. F. MARSHALL was anxious that the
gentleman should be allowed to proceed, and con- !
elude his speech; but several members objected. J
Mr. BARNARD claimed the floor, and moved
an adjournment which motion prevailed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 25,1843. *
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from the widow and ten children of Joshua Ray-
mond, deceased, praying a pension for bis services
in the Revolutionary war, and indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800. The portion
relating to the pension was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BATES presented a memorial from Joseph
W. Cross, and other citizens of West Boyleston,
Massachusetts, praying that provision may be made
in all treaties between the "United States and for-
eign powers for a peaceful adjustment of all inter-
national difficulties which may-arise: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Cumberland county, Pa.,
in which they protest solemnly and humbly against
the repeal of the bankrupt law: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Waterforjl, in the county of
Washington, in Ohio, complaining of the deranged
state of thecnrrency, and the want of a national cur-
rency, and recommending the issue of $200,000 "000
of Government stock, based on a pledge of the pub.
lie domain, to be distributed in a representative
ratio to the States and Territories, as a means of
relief; which was referred to the Committe on Fi-
nance.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a joint resolution directing
the transfer of the stock .held by the United States
in the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, to the State of
Maryland, and the cities of Washington, George-
town, and Alexandria, on certain condition?; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from ihe
further consideration of the memorial of Balie Pey-
ton, and it was referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
Elmyra, New York, in favor of the plan recom-
mended by the Executive for a board of exche-
quer: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD, presented a petition from Mc-
Kean Buchanan, a purser in the navy of the United
Slates, praying indemnity for lrsses sustained by
him in conscquenee of an order of his command-
ing officer forbidding the issue of articles denom-
inated therein; and a petition praying to be allow-
ed, in the settlement of his accounts, a commission
on certain bills of exchange, drawn by him for the
benefit of the public service; which were referred
to thf Co-imittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill concerning the naval peace
establishment; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading. *
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the bill entitled "An act for
the relief of John P. Skinner, and the legal repre-
sentations of Isaac Green."
Messrs. BERRIEN and PHELPS explained
that this bill was intended to relieve the individuals
named, ss sureties on a bond of Mr. Emerson, a
pension agent, who failed, having some $10,000 o:
the money of the United States ir, his possession.
The ground assumed in their argument, as a justi-
fication to relieve the sureties, was, that the sureties
being cognizant of the insolvency of Emerson,
gave notice to the Government of that fact, and
pointed out a sufficiency of property held by him,
against which process might be issued to secure the
Government; but the United States officers, whose
du'.yitwasto protect its interests, neglected to
take any legal proceedings to get possession of the
property, and permitted private individuals to at-
tach, and have, all of it disposed of, to satisfy their
claims; and then proceeded against the sureties, to
secure the amount of the default of Emerfon.
These Senators maintained that the sureties, having
pointed out property ample to secure the United
States, should not be held responsible for the
amount of the default, inasmuch as the proper officers
of the Government neglected to proceed against
the principal when he was possessed of the prop-
erty.
Mr. EVANS made some remarks against the
bill; but said, if it was to pass on the grounds as<
sumed, to justify its passage it ought to appear on
the face of the bill, so that it should not be here-
after drawn into a dangerous precedent. He,
therefore, moved to amend the bill, to the effect
that, m consequence of the failure of the proper
officers of the Government to take legal proceed-
ings against Emerson at the time requested by the
sureties, said sureties should not be held to a
fulfilment of the obligations <.f their bond.
Mr. KING opposed the bill, on the ground that
it was establishing entirely anew principle—a very
dangerous one, and one opposed to the practice of
the Government in all past time, to relieve the
sureties from the obligations of their bond, when
the principal had failed. The custom had been
always, and should remain so, of having process
issued against the principal and sureties; so that,
if one failed, the others might secure the interests
of the United States.
The question was put on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Evans, and carried in the affirm-
a'ive.
The bill was then repsrted to the Senate, the
amendment concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The bill for the occupation and settlement of the
Oregon Territory then came up on its passage, as
the unfinished businecs of yesterday.
Mr. McDUFFlE rose and addressed the Senate.
A wise and prudent man, (said Mr. McD.,) in any
of the various departments of human affair?,
would be very reluctant to engage m any enter-
prise, however thoroughly satisfied of his right to
do so, until he should have well considered, first,
the appropriate time for its commencement;
secondly, the means by which it was to be ac-
complished, and its probable cost; and, finally, the
benefits which were ultimately to result from its
accomplishment. And he must be permitted to
s&y, if the worthy Senator from Missouri, who
had, with so much zeal and ability, presented this
"->,'.1 to the consideration of the Senate, had violated
say of th? maxims of sound policy, (as he humbly
conceived he had,) it had arisen irom Ihe circum-
stance of totally overlooking the considerations to
which he bad just alluded. All those Senators
who had engaged ia tbh discussion seemed tohave
limited their investigations to what he was com-
pel.'e;! to regard as the most unimportant of all the
questions which this measure involves. They had
confined themselves to the mere abstract question
of ihe risht of title. They had argued the ques-
tion as if the Senate of the United States was the
tribunal which was to adjust and determine the
question of the validity of the English or the
American title; and as if this was the only ques-
tion to be determined. He believed no Senator,
who had taken part in this discussion, had ex-
pressed the slightest doubt as to the validity of the
title of thi United States to the Territory of Oregon.
He had investigated the subject as fully and as
thoroughly as the documentary evidence to which
he had been able to obtain access had enabled him.
to do; and, with these lights before him, he was
free to declare that be regarded the title of the
United States, at least as far north as the forty>
ninth parallel ot latitude, as one of fie clearest
titles that-was ever the subject of national contro-
versy. But, at the ?ame time that he made this
declaration, he would be very sorry to assume the
responsibility of prccipiiaiing.the nation into any
measure, upon his own judgment, or the judgment
of the Senate, upon qup*t:ons wbieh it did not be-
long to either to determine. Gentlemen seemed to
have forgotten that there were two parlies inter-
ested in this question; and that, however clear our
title might appear to us, theirs might appear equally
clear to the oiher party. Here was a case of joint
occupancy, and an existing question a? to title.
The Senate had seemed, throughout the whole dis-
cussion, to assume that ours was the true title, and
were proceeding upon that assumption; although
