CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sot
tiie year, anything to be applied to the objeci
contemplated in this bill.
I have seen a statement of the probable amount
of the imports of the last quarter, purporting to
come from a person who investigated the subject
thoroughly, and who had the means to investigate
it} and the result was, that the probable amount of
the whole imports for that period would be little
snore than eight millions of dollars. What does
this indicate? A state of things nhich, of all others,
calls upon us to pause.
What is the condition of this Government?
Who is it that rules? Who is responsible for the
measures adopted here? Nobody, sir. We are
in a state of interregnum. Nobody is respon-
sible. For God's sake, let us postpone meas-
«res of this bind until there is somebody in the
Government responsible. The Executive is ex-
erting, no doubt, the best of his powers to do
something; but he is not sustained by the other
branches of the Legislature. Neither of the great
parties seems to have any sympathy for the Exe-
cutive. They stand by, and (old their arms. If you
should say to either of them, you have appropria-
ted POO,000 without having the means to meet that
appropriation, they would say i.i does notcencern us;
it belongs to the other party io provide the ways
and m*ans. For God's sake, then, let us not adopt
equivocal measures of this kind when there is no
party responsible for anything. Wait a year or
two. Within that period you will have a chance of
having that territory gained by amicable negotiation.
Within that period you will certainly have some-
body at the head of this Government—whether
Democratic or Whig—of sufficient power to assume
the responsibility ot the measures adopted for ad-
ministering the Government. I beseech you now,
by c-very consideration connected with the na-
tional welfare, to pause. The time will come
when it will be proper to act. I think, ot all times,
this is ihe most inappropriate; and I say, em-
phatically, pause before you proceed further in this
matter.
Mr. LINN remarked that it was his wish to
«close the debate on this subject; and, unless some
other Senator desired to address the Senate then,
he would move to pass over the bill, informally,
till to morrow. He made that motion, and it was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the bill for the payment of seven companies of
Georgia militia, for services rendered in 1840 and
J 841. '
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved an amendment, to
come in at the end ot' the bill, appropria-
ting $19,399 87 «ut of any money in the treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to satisfy the
claims involved in the bill; which was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, arid
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the bill for repair-
ing and repaving a portion of Pennsylvania avenue
was taken up, and recommitted to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CR1TTENDKN moved to postpone the
previous orders, for the purpose of taking up the
joint resolution authorizing the establishing of
agencies for water-rotted hemp.
Mr. KING thought it better to go on with the
regular orders, and let the resolution come up in
its order.
Messrs. CRITTENDEN and SEVIER remarked
that the subject was one of exceeding interest and
importance to two or three States in the Union,
and hoped the resolution would be considered at
once.
The question was put on the mo'ion to take up
the resolution, and decided in the negative—ayes 13,
nays 14.
On -motion by Mr. GRAHAM, it was ordered
that the petition of D. G. Skinner be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
The bill for the relief of Charles J. Jenkins and
William W. Mann, assignees of John McKinnc,
was takes up, as in committee of the whole; and,
after a few remarks by Messrs. KING and
HUNTINGTON in opposition, and by Mr. BER-
RIEN in favor of.its passage.it was postponed
till Friday next.
On motion by Mr.-BERRIEN,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 25,1843.
Mr. READ presented a petition, signed by sun-
dry citizens of northern Pennsylvania, praying for
the repeal of the bankrupt law; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Richard Steel;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. WISE, from a select committee appointed at
the last session, and reappointed at the present one,
reported a bill to establish a Government office for
printing, binding, &c., and for other purposes;
which was read twice, ordered to be printed, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CUSHING submitted a letter which he had
received from Mr. Cunard, of Halifax, Nova Sco-
tia, which corrected an error into which he had
fallen, in a report he had made on the subject of
British colonial trade.
THE EXCHEQUER.
Mr. FILLMORE insisted upon the orders of the
day, and objected to all other business, the solici-
tations of various members to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The SPEAKER, therefore, decided that the ex-
chequer was the subject in order.
Mr. PICKENS inquired if it overrode Ihe busi-
ness of the morning hour, during which the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bowne,] respecting the bill to refund to General
Jackson the amount of his fine, Was in order; and
as it had been discussed for several weeks, he
hoped the House would proceed with, and dispose
of it.
The SPEAKER replied that, as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore] insisted upon the
order ef the day, the reports and accompanying res-
olution on the exchequer scheme overrode all other
business, as that subject was before the House,
under a suspension of the ruler; and on that ques-
tion, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bar-
nard] was entitled to the floor.
The question was therefore taken up. It stands
thuw
The Committee of Ways had Means had re-
ported the following resolution;
1Revolved, That the plan of an exchequer presented to Con.
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury at the last session of
Congress, entitled "A bill amendatory of the several acts
establishing the Treasury Department," ought not to be
adopted:
To wh;ch resolution Mr. Atherton, from the
minority committee, had moved the following
amendment:
And that the Cnmrnittee of Ways and Means be instructed
to bring in a bill regulating the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public moneys, in such <i manner as
snail, as far as possible, substitute provisions of law for execu-
tive discretion in the management of the finances; shall prevent
the moneys of the people from being used lor purposes of
puvate speculation and emolument, and shall render the Gov-
ernment independent of the agency and influence of moneyed
corporations.
And Mr. Coshing had moved to amend the res-
olution of Mr. Fillmore, by striking out after the
word "ought" Ihe word "nof;" [so as to make the
proposition affirmative, instead of negative. This
motion, the reader will recollect, had been original-
ly submitted by Mr. Everett; but withdrawn by
him.]
So the pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Cusring.
Mr. BARNARD said if he supposed that the
action of this House on the subject of the currency
was to end with the vote to be taken on the reso-
lutions now on the table, he should not trouble the
House with any remarks on the subject; he should
content himself with recording his vote on that
proposition, and with referring to the very able
report made by the Committee of Ways and
Means, as that report fuHMshed abundant reasons
and arguments for his pstification. Though be
felt bound to say at the same time that there
were perhaps positions and arguments in that re-
port, from which, if that were the question before
the House, he should feel himself bound to dis-
sent; but his hope and trust was, that when
this House should definitively have acted on
the proposition before them, they would then
proceed to some positive and affirmative action
upon the subject of the currency. He hoped and
trusted that this House would not content itself
wi'h the negative proposition now before it. He
held it to be proper for the House to act on this
subject in the form in which it had been presented
by the Committee of Ways and Means; but he
held it also to be proper, and the bonnden duty of
the House, after that action should be passed, to
proceed, if possible, to mature some measure of re-
lief for the country. He believed such a thing
was practicable; and whatever was practicable for
the House to do on this important subject, and
whatever it could do without a sacrifice of princi-
ple, for the relief both of the Government and of
the country, he held that this House was bound to
do. And so far as he was concerned, the gentle-
mas from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] need be
under no apprehension that he (Mr. B.) entertained
any disposition to stop with the action of the House
on this subject; and he gave that gentleman notice
now, that if he did net himself move to go into
Committee of the Whole on his bill, he (Mr. B.)
would himself move it, and urge it on the House
at the earliest possible time.
Mr. WISE. Why did yoa not do it before?
We have been urging you all along.
Mr. BARNARD (without noticing the observa-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia) continued.
And he would do that, not with the remotest idea
that the House would entertain that gentleman's
bill, but that, after the House had condemned his bill;
along with that presented from the Secretary of the
Treasury, it would be the most convenient mode of
getting at another proposition which he should feel
it his duty to present to, and urge upon, the House.
It was his purpose to refer, before he concluded his
remarks, to the measure to which be had just al-
luded;-and the observations be might feel bound to
make on the proposition now before them, would
be made chiefly with a view of preparing, so far
as he could do by his remarks, the mind of the
House for action on that measure which he should
present.
The present Congress had twice presented to the
President of the United States a measure of its own
on the subject of finance and currency, and that
measure had twice been rejected. The President
of the United States had presented his plan of
finance. At the last session of Congress they gave
that plan a silent veto; at the present session, they
proposed to give it a positive veto, according to the
forms prescribed and the powers conferred by the
Constitution. When that should be done, then
perhaps the House might see that the decks were
clear, and that it would be competent for them to
look about and Sfe by what measures they should
steer and guide the vessel for the conclusion of a
safer voyage. He repeated that the President of
the United States had vetoed their measure of
finance and currency; and they had vetoed, and
proposed again to veto, the President's measure of
finance and currency; by which, se far as he was
concerned, he intended that the President of the
United States, and his friends on .this floor, should
understand that the Congress of the United States
was as much of "a constitutional fact" as the
President of the United States.
When the county had a United States bank, it
was found capable of performing certain offices
and functions tor the Government and the country.
The President of the United States proposed by his
plans that the same important offices and func-
tions should be performed: he proposed his plan,
therefore, as a substitute for a bank of the United
States. That those offices and functions could be
performed in another way, everybody could see
when they examined a plan which would be sub-
mitted to the country.
There was only one mode in which the import-
ant functions of keeping and disbursing the public
moneys could be performed without the use of a
national bank, or the State banks. This mode
