sMd&AL GLO&E.
20&
' Bient bank of -deposits and exchange, and deal
with individuals for profit. In conclusion, Mr. B.
observed that he had only time to say that, at the
proper time, he should urge upon the House to so
into Committee of the Whole upon the bill of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, for the purpose of
moving, as an amendment to it, the simple plan of
furnishing a currency for the Government and the
people.
Mr. WINTHROP observed that it was with ex-
treme reluctance he had made up his mind to ad-
dress the House on this subject. There was an
old proverb, which said, "out of the fulness of the
heart the mouth speaketh;" but he had no fulness
of the heart to speak on this subject. It was so
haekyened, worn out,and embarrassed by the various
and complicated question? that were connected with
it, that he could not conceive how any man could
speak on it without repugnance. This subject of
the currency had been tossed, for the past ten years,
on the waves of party contention; and when a few
years since they thought they were about coming
into port wiih it, and hailed what tbe man from the
mast-head thought to be land, they found, to their
sorrow, what they took to be land to be nothing but
a fresh reef of rocks; and if he might be permitted
to pursue th  figure further, he would add, that the
subject of the currency had become as stale as a
piece of mouldy biscuit after the voyage.
As there were likely to be questions, before this
debate was brought to a close, upon which any
vote he might give would be liable to be mistaken,
he was not content to leave his constituents with-
out soma explanation in regard to the votes he
might give. The challenge had been given by
several gentlemen, and repeated by the gentleman
who had just taken his seat, for any one to rise in
his place, and declare that he was in favor of this
project of the Executive. He did not rise to accept
that challenge.
Mr. BARNARD said that he withdrew the chal-
lenge.
Mr. WINTHROP. Well, if the gentleman
withdraws it, the House will bear me witness that
the challenge has been repeatedly made by others.
He was not prepared to take up the gauntlet, and
defend ihe project of the Executive of the last ses-
sion; but still he could not say that he was in favor
of the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means. He was ready to avow that, 'if ihe ie?olu-
tion concluding that report should be lorced on
him, his vote must be given against it.
Before he entered on the quotum embraced in
that lesolution, he wished to give his views briefly
on the subject of the currency, and the present
regulations for the management of the finances.
Referring to the law of 1789, providing for the
custody of the public money, Mr. W. said that
there was now po other regulation by law on the
subject, but that it was left entirely to the discretion
of the Executive. For his own part, he could not
feel that he had discharged his duty io the people,
by omitting to vole, on every occasion, for bring-
ing the public treasure under the custody of the
law. Did gentlemen tell him that they had repeat-
edly tried to accomplish that desirable object and
been prevented by the vetoes of the Executive?
He was no apologist for vetoes; but because the
Executive, either from conscience or contumacy,
had seen fit to refuse his sanction to the measures
they had passed, was that a sufficient reason why
Congress should forbear to make another attemn'?
We are (said Mr. W.) the representatives ef the
people, and are bound to continue our efforts to
place their money under the control of law and >f
there be any distrust of ihe Executive—if there be
any well-founded alarm as to his objects and
aims, so much the more necessary is it that we
should pass some law to limit his discretion and
place ihe custody of the public funds under the
proper safeguards of law. We have now (said
Mr. W.) that union of the purse and the sword so
much deprecated at the time when General Ja'ck-
son removed the public rieposites from Ihe Bank
or the United States. If there must be such a
union, he preferred that it should be under the
sanction ofjaw. He knew that, as yet, no injury
had resulted from this union; but our poverty had
been our prstection; our coffers were so empty,
that it mattered little who kept the keys. Tbe
time, however,"might come when the case would
be different. He had no apprehension that this
tariff, about which there had been snch ominous
predictions, was to prove so ruinous to our rev-
enue. He believed, after time bad been given to
the people to consume the stock of goods on band,
that our revenues would be greatly increased un-
der its operations; and if the rigors of the cash
system should be mitigated by the warehousing
system, that, with a moderate duty on tea and
coffee, would, before the close of Ihe next session
of Congrsss, bring up a different and more pros-
perous state of our finances than was now pre-
sented.
But, at any rate, whether full or empty—whe-
ther exhausted or exuberant—he held it to be
Wltfg doctrine—he held it to be republican doc-
trine—he held it to be constitutional doctriae—that
the treasures of the nation should be under better
sanctions and guards than he thought ihey now
were. He had no hesitation in saying that a na-
tional bank, wiih a moderate capital of f10,000,000,
$15,000,000, or even $20,000,000, which experi-
ence had shown was necessary, was his' first
choice for a fiscal agent for the Government. The
profligate mismanagement of such an institution
had not impaired his confidence in a United States
bank, any more than the monstrous misrule of ihis
Government, for the last ten years, had impaired
his confidence in the free institutions and ihe ad
mirable forms of government under wbich we
live. And such a moment as the present he
thought the most favorable for the establishment
of such an institution as.the one he had suggested;
for, with the evils attendant on the mismanage-
ment of ihe late bank before them, they would be
likely to secure it on such a safe and sure founda-
tion as would save it from such evils in future;
but, at the same time, he confessed that, with such
principles as the President held, the course he
(Mr. Winthrop) suggested was rendered an alto-
gether impracticable idea at tbe present moment.
Bat that was not the only course to be pursued:
there were others, which might and ought lo be
tried, until ihe object could be accomplished.
Why, if the House would do nothing else, it might
call upon the Secretary of the Tieasary to put
in black and white, and submit it for their amend-
ment and adoption, as a woiking plan, the system
which was now pursued -for ihe collection, safe-
keeping, and disbursement of the public money.
Any system—even a bad system—resting on a writ-
. ten law, was better than one resting only on Ex-
ecutive discretion, or than no system at all. So
strong did he regard the necessity of some provision
for ihe safekeeping and disbursement of the pub-
lic money, that, for one, he regretted that even the
sub-treasury system was repealed as summarily
as it was. Odious and abhorrent as that system
was, he doubled, if it could be brought to a vote,
that it would be repealed at this moment, if it was
now standing. And in justice to his friends in that
House, he would say—and he should tell no
secrets by doing so—that on the floor of either
House, at the extra session, ihe repeal of the sub-'
treasury, as an independent outright act. was not
one of the propositions of the party ihen in power.
They had been charged at sundry times, and in di-
vers plaees, with perplexing and embarrassing the
President at the extra session; but he had already
said that he concurred in no such charges. There
was some ground for another charge, which came
from a gentleman from Virginia the other day 
that there was a too great willingness to comply
with the wishes and desires of the President; and
that the sub-treasury repeal, as an independent act,
was a measure more as compliance and complais-
ance to him. The United States bank bill was
under consideration, and the signature of the Pres-
ident to that bill would have repealed the sub-
treasury, and his veto would have left it standing;
but it seemed as if the non-repeal of that system would
make the President responsible for leaving the
sub-treasury in operation, or force him to sign the
bank charter; and it was thought better to relieve
him from such a predican^jnt. With this view"
the repeal bill was introduced, and it was hurried
hastily through; and he (Mr. W.) could not but
regret that it was so. He could hardly belp saying,
if it were to do over again, he would not gi\re bis
vole in favor of the repeal.
After some further observations in continuation
of that subject, he proceeded to observe that he did
not hold, nor did his friends hold, that it was the
duty of the Government to take care ef itself, and
leave the people to take care of themselves; and
he was for doing as much as he constitutionally
could for the relief of tbe people, as well as of the
Government; and he confessed that the issue of
$15,000,000 or $20,000,000 of exchequer notes,
redeemable in specie at New York alone, or at
New York and some one or two other places, he
was opinion, would, in some measure, relieve the
country. Government paper was not in favor
with him, but they had been living on it for five
years past. He did not agree with tbe gen-
tlemen who regarded Government paper, resting
on dollar for dollar, as altogether worthless. It
seemed the gentlemen forgot one of their old argu-
ments, which they had been accustomed to use ia
relation to the hard-money doctrines of years past,
when they preferred paper money on a specie ba-
sis, if they notv spurned it as contemptible and
worthless. It would be a great convenience as a
medium of local payments, as a medium of treas-
ury payments, and as a medium of exchange. The
treasury notes now in use were found everywhere
of great convenience in all those respects. But he
was not unwilling to say that there were other
parts of the exchequer projeI that he looked at wiih
less -favor: be referred particularly to that part
which had been commented on by his friend who
last addressed the House—thepswer to be given to
buy bills of exchange generally. He agreed that
that power would be liable to many abuses. After
some observations on this point, he proceeded to
say that he had no fancy for resting the operation
of the proposed system on the assent of the States;
but, on all these features and parts of this subject,
he intended to hold himself at liberty to zct as he
might think wise and proper, under existing cir-
cumstances, when that bill should come < before
the House for its actioa. "J
He had said enough to show that a national
banu was his first choice as a fiscal agent for the
Government; and while he was not prepared to
give in his adhesion lo the Executive for it, he was
ready (if nothing better presented itself) to vote
for the House bill, raiher than continue the pres-
ent system; and, in doing so, ho believed he should
vole for what many believed to fee harmless, and
for what some believed to be beneficial.
He desired now to allude briefly to the reports
and ahe resolutions before them; but, before doing
so, he begged leave to bear his humble testimony,
in the most unqualified terms, to the ability and
f mljr Wll!l whi<'h t!le ^airman 0f the Committee
of Ways and Meant had discharged his duty to
the counlry in reference to this matter. After a
warm eulogy of that gentleman, he proceeded to
his report, which stemed to cut rff all hope of snch
an institution as was proposed, without the great-
est danger. The report said:
must be obvious to every intelligent man. who will rarf.
fully examine the plan here shadowed forih, that if this insti
"veauThoruvS^h2^ a*d PUt io °P"™.o„'u„der ihe
live authority ol the Government, it will ex<-rt a dowpi- nrl
influence, for good or lor evil, opo?, the harnessandSm of
or iteSVeSf wmJil which a bank of the United States,
were no"sibfetot ""Potent and harmless. If it
were po-siute to nave such an mstttutioa without inrr# aHin<*
Executive power, or endangering the treasuiy which should
change in human nature"self and ,n th, „ '° eXpeCt a
htalfeTSat„hem&^ ,!;i.,^.e«pWKc?lT.S:
no such theo"y ofT;SmUan &K'l0^'n based uPon
^eandamo,™<
fromTew York nvT f th*' ,be genllemaa
extreme Jd ioi ^mohe] had run into the
xtreme, and too much into ihe theory of human
depravity. It appeared to him that that gentleman
the^'emlTrk of =nteX,'-Wbea he
remark of an ancient philosopher, who said
