CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
I' chandise. This is what the country want?—what
i you want, and you have not got it."
* Now, here was as full an endorsement as could
|r* have been given to, any plan in any language. So
f: careful was he in recommending (be plan, that the
t Secretary took great pains to satisfy all how he
I became competent to decide; therefore, he mounted
t up to the sources of his information; and, in order
t to make his recommendation still more emphatic,
t he threw around it all the sanction of his name,
and all the dignity of his knowledge and character.
Consider, then, that this exchequer scheme was
I thus put forth as a great sanitive measure, and the
f best that could be adopted—the Constitution only
i excepted; it did become every man who had—as he
had—known and had faith in Mr. Webster, to ex-
amine closely into a proposition coming to us with
all these sanctions.
He did not know who was the writer of the
newspaper article to which he referred, nor whe-
ther it was in order to refer to such articles in de-
bate. But it had been done; and perhaps the
peculiar style of this article would excuse it in the
present instance. He did not know, as he said,
who wrote, the article; yet it was very much like
something which he heard in a certain speech de-
livered on the floor of the House yesterday, (look-
ing towards Mr. Cctshing.) Mr. M. then read a
passage from the Madisonian, charging him with
having shunned the true issue involved in the ex-
chequer, and with having argued upon incorrect
premises, &c.
When he asked the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Cdshinb] yesterday what he considered
a bank to be, he refused to give any definition what-
ever, but said he was arguing negatively—a phrase
which he confessed, m that connexion and in that
application, did not define the gentleman's mean-
ing with sufficient precision to make it intelligible
to him. He had quoted heretofore on that floor,
when the question of a Government bank was the
very subject under consideration, some remarks of
Mr. Webster, in which he denounced a Govern-
ment bank as the very worst of all possible human
inventions; yet Mr. Webster now offered them the
same thing, declaring it to be the best contrivance
which the wit of man had ever devised for this
country, save and except only the Constitution of
the United States. If this could be proved to be a
Government bnnk, then Mr. Webster stood con-
victed of having, when in power, offered for this
countiy the very worst experiment which foreign
nations had ever tried. Now the gentleman from
Massachusetts defined a bank to be a joint-stock
company of private individuals, dealing in money
and exchanges for profi'; and if this were true,
there oould be no such thing as a Government
bank.
Mr. CU8HING. I did not give any definition
of my own of a bank. I did say that, in the pop-
ular acceptation of the term, a bank was a joint-
stock company of individuals, doing business- for
profit.
Mr. MARSHALL said that he understood a
bank to consist not so much in the persons who
exercised the powers and faculties with which it
was vested, as in the nature of its powers and fac-
ulties. A bank might be in the hands of individ-
uals incorporated or not; or in the hands of a sin-
gle individual, who issued his own notes; or it
might be in the hands of the Government; and
banks might have various faculties. The Bank of
Amsterdam, for inslance, was a bank of deposite,
issuing certificates of deposits for the money re-
ceived by it—which was counted by weight, and
not by tale; while the certificates that were given to
the depositors expressed the amount in weight, and
not in the number and size of the worn and de-
faced pieces of gold and silver which made it up.
It was simply a place of deposite; and yet it was
called a bank. What was the institution proposed
by the Executive? It was a moneyed institution.
It was a bank of deposite, having ten millions of
Government money placed under the control of its
directors—for what? For paying the expenses of
the Government? No. It was for the purpose of
dealing with the affairs of individuals, for profit.
He asked gentlemen, if there was a bank incor-
porated, with ten millions of capital, with power to
receive deposites and deal in exchanges, whether it
would be a bank or not.
He thought every one would say that it was a
bauk. Well, then, if this same thing, conducted
by the officers of the Government, possessed the
same powers and faculties, was it not also a bank?
Mr. Webster had, at times, exercised an extraor-
dinary influence over the minds of the people of
this country on questions of this sort. He knew
that there was a strong party in favor of this pro-
ject in his own State; and-, therefore, the opinions
of Mr. Webster, in regard to a Government bank,
were worthy of consideration at this time. In one
of his speeches Mr. W. said, (speaking of a
Government bank) that it was an experiment that
had never been tried in this country; but the ex-
perience of other countries in which it had been
tried demonstrated that it was, of all human inven-
tions, the very worst. That was the position in
which Mr. Webster placed himself in regard to a
bank of the United States.
After continuing his argument to prove that the
exchequer plan of the President was the very iden-
tical Government bank which Mr. Webster so much
denounced, Mr. M. went on, as he said, to speak of
principles and of men. It had been the fashion to
charge the Whig party as being led by a dictator,
in opposition to the President, for the purpose of
embarrassing him and his measures. He had
quarrelled with the dictator, and was likely to
come by the worst of it; but it was not that, that he
quarrelled with him for. He quarrelled with him
because he was unwilling to surrender his constitu-
tional views at the fool of the throne; because he
was unwilling to give up everything on the bank
bill that it was worth. He knew nothing of any pri-
vate matters between Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay.
If Mr. Webster chose to consider Mr. Clay as his
rival for the Presidency, that was no affair of his.
If he lacked confidence in Mr. Clay, that was no
ground of dispute with him, (Mr. M.) But if be
bad hated Henry Clay ever so badly, he would
scorn to strike him through the Constitution ot the
United States. What! was Mr. Clay so invul-
nerable, that he was only to be got at by thrusting
a dagger through the vitals of the Constitution; by
trampling down all the long-settled and established
opinions of his whole life? He would not pay any
mortal man so high a compliment. If Jie could
not floor him, without flooring the Constitution, be
would let him alone. If he had time, he should
like to enter somewhat into a discussion of the
principles laid down hy hi* colleague, [Mr. Gar-
rett Davis.] His colleague stated that Mr. Clay
was the very incarnation of Whigery, or ihe im-
personation of Whigery; and that he who was not
with Mr. Clay was not and could not be a Whig.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS. If my colleague will
permit me, I w ill repeat what I ssid. It was,
"that the man who sought to overthrow Henry
Clay, was a-; much an opponent of the Whigery of
the present day, as an opponent of General Wash-
ington would have been of the Whigery of 17 76.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, that was very much
like it; but be would reserve to himself the discus-
sion of that subject for a proper time and place;
protesting, however, against what he might now
say being construed as an expression, on his part,
o! hostility to, or an intention to oppose 'him, in
case he should be the Whig candidate for the Preii-
dency.
After tome other observations, he said that he
was speaking of the Secretary of Statf, the other
day, when the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Prop-
fit] interrupted him right in the midst of a sen-
tence. He said his mind was full of that great
man at that time, and he was speaking of what
should be or must be his fate. His (the Secretary
of State's) position was a most unnatural one—a
most unnatural one. Daniel Webster uni'ed with
Mr. Tyler upon a question of State assent to be
incorporated in a Government bank, was one of
the funniest things that ever he heard of. [Laugh-
ter.] It was an unnatural position, and he (Mr.
Webster) could not remain there. He bad before
said, and he said again, that Daniel Webster
was a great man. People had called him cola.
He (Mr. M.) did not thinlr he was cold. Some
men bad said that he was like Mont Blanc
amongst the mountains; and that, if there was light
around his brow, it was light without heat. The
honorable gentleman proceeded to defend Mr.
Webster against such assertions, and also against
the remark of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
G. Davis]—that he had bo genius; but that his mind
was like a crucible, into which men's thoughts were
thrown; and that then he could reproduce them in a
new form; and he compared the attempts whieh had
been made to extinguish Mr. Webster, to an at-
tempt of schoolboys to extinguish mighty Vesuvius
with a squirt.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS entered into some ex-
planations, that the House might clearly understand
what he meat t when he said that Mr. Clay was an
impersonation of the Whig party.
Mr. PENDLETON moved an adjournment; bat
withdrew it, to permit various executive communi-
nications to be presented to the House.
Several resolutions were also presented and
agreed to; and then
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 26, 1843.
Mr. Baciby of Alabama appeared in his seat to-
day.
Mir. YOUNG presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Henry county, Illinois, praying for the
establishment of a mail-route from Peoria, byway
of Moant Hawley and other towns, to Fultoa
city, in Whiteside county, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from A.
G. Allison and others, of the southwestern part of
Pennsylvania, praying that the bankrupt law may
be <o amended as to make it, morally and politi-
cally, more acceptable to them, or that it may be
repealed; and a memorial from citizens of the
northern part of Pennsylvania, in favor of its im-
mediate repeal: which memorials were leferred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, presented a memorial from Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of the plan for
a board of exchequer recommended by the Execu-
tive; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Memorials were presented by Mr. WILLIAMS,
from inhabitants of Wiscasset, Maine; and by
Mr. EVANS, from inhabitants of Augusta,Hallo-
well, Gardiner, Pittston, Belfast, Waldoborough,
and Thorrjaston, Maine, engaged in commerce and
navigation, representing that the mercantile navi-
gation of the United States has suffered materially
trom the effects of the existing treaties, and the ar-'
rangements between the United States and Great
Britain, the Hanseatic Republics, France, Hol-
land, Denmark, Russia, and Sweden, respectively;
and that those treaties and arrangements termed
reciprocal have not proved reciprocal to the nav-
igation of the United States; and asking that Con-
gress would, so far as the treaties permitted, make
regulations which would relieve them from the
consequences resulting from these relations: refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial, signed by a
number of cbizens of Clark county, Ohio, in ref-
erence to the proposed change in the route ef the
Cumberland road through that State; which -was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, presented a petition from Edward Dexter,
of Providence, Rhode Island, praying indemnity
for losses sustained prior to 1800 by the spoliations
of the French; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
citizens of the village of Dunkirk, New York, re-
monstrating against the repeal of the bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War tie directed to commu-
nicate to the Ser.ate a copy of a report made hy an officer of
the corps 01 topographical engineers, and on the files in the
War Department, upon the subject of an iron pile light for
BavUett's reef, on Long Island Sound. °
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana,
Resolved, That the Commtttee on Private Land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the satisfaction of the claim of Joseph Bairow, sen., of In-
