206
Congressional globe.
liana. sole heir of Pierre Barrow, who was entitled to 400 acres
efftand tinder the acts of Congress of 29th August, 1788, and 34
March, 1791; and, also, into the expediency of satisfying the claim
of the said Joseph Barrow, sen , to a military right for land lo-
cated on White river, joining the land of Ahraham King Ken-
dall, confirmed by the Governor prior to 1806.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foteign
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, House
bill entitled "An act for the relief of Edwin Bart-
lett, late consul of the United States at Lima;" and
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Daniel Brent, deceased,
late consul of the United States at Paris;" and
House bill entitled "An act for Ihe relief of
Alexander H. Everett."
Mr. ARCHER, from the sams committee, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it be indefinitely postponed,
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of John
A. Smiih."
Mr. WILLIAMS, from tbe Committee on
Naval Affairs, made adverse reports (which were
ordered to be printed) on the bill for Ihe relief of
Charles G. Ridgely; and on the petition of Charles
L. Williamson, for a pension for disability in-
curred in the service of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to amend the f ct entitled
"An act for the reorganization of the Navy De-
j artment of ihe United States;" which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for altering the time of
holding the ciicait court of the United States for
the district of Connecticut; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass,'the bill from the
House for the relief of Allen Rogers.
Also, on his motion, the Committee on Claims
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Scott Campbell, a half-breed Sioux
Indian; and it wa; referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Also, reported back from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, Hou*e bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Francis Pelli-
cer.
Also, on his motion, the Committee on Claims
was discharged from the further consideration of
House bill for the relief of Garret Vleit; and it
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill to indemnify Major General Andrew
Jackson, for damages sustained in the discharge of
• his official duty, came up in its regular order; but
was postponed till to-morrow, at the suggestion of
Mr. LINN, who believed that it would be still fur-
ther discussed, and might interfere with the bill
then pending as Ihe unfinished business.
The bill for the relief of Wm. Russell and
others, was read the second time, taken up as in
committee of the whole, considered, reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Twin, was taken up as in committee
of tho whole, considered, reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
The following bills from the House, which had
been reported adversely upon by the Commi'lee on
Commerce, were taken up sis in commitiee of the
whole; and, on the motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON,
indefinitely postponed, viz:
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
Ihe schooner Martha.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Billings, owner
of the fishing schooner Luraria.
Tne bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew, of the schooner Martha, of Eastport, in the
State of Maine.
The bill for the relief of the owners, mas'er,
and crew, t-: the schooner Joanna, of Ellsworth,
Maine.
The following bills from the House were read
the third time and passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of John P. Skinner, and
the legal representatives of Isaac Green-, and
JThe bill entitled "An act for the payment of
seven companies oT Georgia militia, for services
rendered in the years 1840 and 1841."
The bill from the House, for the relief of the
West Feliciana Railroad Company, and of the
Grand Gulf Railroad and Banking Company, was
taken up, as in committee of the whole, on
amendments proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance.
[This bill proposes to relieve these companies
from the payment of duties on certain railroad
iron, which was lost on its way fiom New York
to ihe place of its destination; which iron would
not have been dutiable, if it had been actually
laid down on the roads within three years from Ihe.
time at which it was imported.]
The amendments of the commitiee having been
agreed to, the bill was then debated by Mr. KING
in opposition to its passage, and by Mr. EVANS
and Mr. WALKER -in favor oi' its passage; and
there being no further proposition to amend, it was
reported to the Senate; and the amendments were
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The unfinished debate from yesterday, on the
question of passing the Oregon bill, was resumed.
Mr. LINN addressed the Senate for two hours,
in reply to the objections made against ihe bill.
With the exception of the two Senators from
South Carolina, the Senators who had taken
ground of opposition confined their objections to
one provision of the bill—that providing a grant of
lands to settlers.
One of the Senators from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] objected not. only to that provision, but
to oiher provisions, and in general to the expedien-
cy and policy of an-.' a'-tion on the subject at pres-
ent. The other Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDdpfie,] who spoke yesterday, took wider'
ground, and objected to the bill in every particular.
If his views wers well-founded, we never should
have anything to do with the territory.
In answering the objections of the last Senator,
[Mr. McDtims,] he would meet all that had been
made from every quarter.
It was, however, matter of gratification to him
that so many Senators had concurred in the pro-
priety, policy, and expediency of the general ob-
jects of the bill, and that their objections were con-
fined to a single provision.
If he understood the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. McDuffie] correctly, he conceived 'hat
Senator imputed to him a violation of the maxims
of sound policy, by precipitating this measure with-
out due consideration. If the Senator wauld but
look to the records of Congress for the last twenty
years, be would find that such an imputation was
groundless. A bill of similar nature, and with the
same objects in view, was urged upon Congress
wi'h great ability by Dr. Floyd, in 1821. Mr.
Monroe, in his last annual message, and Mr. Ad-
ams, while President of the United States, recom-
mended, in forcible terms, tha attention of Con-
gress to be given to the subject. In 1828, Congress
did take it up; sn3 a bill for the occupatioa of the
territory was discussed at great length in both
Hocses. It failed in the Senate by a bare majority
of two vote?. It had been repeatedly before Con-
gress since, and almost continuously since 1838—
'39. There was nothing precipitate in all this,
and certainly no want of due considers.'ipn. For
his own part, he had always acted with studied
delicacy m the matter. When it was urged
upon him that while so many difficulties were
to be adjusted with Great Britain, it was inexpe-
dient to take any decided step in relation to a
minor point, he refrained from pressing ihe subject
to a final vote. Now, the main difficulties with
England were adjusted; and there were none left
pending but the minor ones, of which he consider-
ed this the most important. So far, then, from
being chargeable with having chosen an inauspi-
cious and inexpedient time for urging tbi3 measure,
he thought he bad selected the most appropriate,
and he would say, critically appropriate, period,
for taking a necessary, and almost indispensable
step.
He understood the Senator's objections to the
bill to be three fold. First, he objects that the bill
would, in its main provisions, be an infraction of
the treaty of 1818, renewed in 1827; secondly,
that, if carried out, it would involve our Govern-
ment in the expenses of an armed military occu-
pation of the territory; and, thirdly, that the territo-
ry is a useless acquisition, likely to prove, not only
an incumbrance, but a disadvantageous one, by
inciting our population to dispersion, instead of
that concentra'ion which he considers essential to
the bigbe.it state of civilization.
Mr. L. here took these points in succession, and
entered upon their refutation with elaborate argu-
ments, fortified by documentary evidence.
First, he considered tbe arguments of the Sena-
tors who had taken ground that the bill would be
an infraction of tbe treaty, and examined critically
that branch of the subject, concluding with a refer-
ence to the proposition made to Mr. Gallatin, in
1826, by the British ministry, when they wasted an
additional stipulation in the renewal of the treaty
of 1818, for tha right of joint occupancy; which
Mr. Gallatin refused to concede, and upon the
very ground that justified this bill; and showed it
was not an infraction of the treaty, and that Eng-
land had put it out of her power so to regard it,"by
the very application which she had made, and
which she was refused by our negotiator. Mr. L-,
having disposed of this objection, proceeded to the
next.
The second objection related to the expense or
the proposed measure. In the outset, the Seaatoa
from South Carolina [Mr. McDdffie] had made y
mistpke in supposing the appropriation required bf
this bill would amount to $200,000. It only called
for half that amount. This, in ten years, (if obliged
to be continued so lona,1 would amount to but
$1,000,000, instead of $10,000,000, as the Sena-
tor argued. But had not the Senator entirely
overlooked the numerous losses which this country
had suffered for the last thirty years, through its
commerce and its industry, by being gradually
supplanted in that region by British trading com-
panies? At one time we bad a trade, in furs alone,
worth half a million of dollars annually; and,
through the supineness of our Government, it had
been allowed to dwindle down to $2,000. Did we
not, then, incur incalculably greater loss by neglect,
than the annual expenditure now proposed? In
the next tea years, would not the increased advan-
tages to our commerce in the Pacific, the facilities
afforded by the security of our harbors in the ter-
ritory to our marine service, and all the other ad-
vantages of insuring a thriving population on the
border of the Pacific, be infinitely more than the
sum of one million, even if the occupation by
military posts costs so much? Now, with regard
to distance, inconvenience, and expense, he asked
Senators only to draw a parallel between this meas-
ure and that of the establishment of the African
squadron, which was to place tbe recaptured ne-
groes in the colony of Liberia. He showed that
this squadron was the twelfth part of the navy of
the United States—to wit, 80 guns out of 940; and
that the whole cost of the navy for 1843 was about
$7,000,000—the twelfth part of which was near
$600,000; and this was the annual cost of the
African squadron, while only $100,000 was pro-
posed for the Columbia settlement. The African
squadron was to be kept up five years, at near
$600,000 per annum, besides loss of lives and
sh'p5 on the African coast. This w?s near $3,000,-
000; yet no objection to that! Mr. L. commented
on this strange preference given to an African over
an American object, and insisted that, while mil-
lions could be lavished on tbe African squadron,
no objection should be made to $100,000 for saving
the Columbia from foreign dominion.
As to the third objection—that of the country be-
ing composed of rocky mountains, regions either
covered with volcanic remains or arid sands, with
only a small portion of arable land, and that sub-
ject to alternate droughts and inundations of rain—
he (Mr. L ) should say that the Senator [Mr. Mc-
Dcfpie] who entertained these opinions must cer-
tainly be unacquainted wiih the vast amount of
documentary evidence gained from eyewitnesses,
whose testimony does not admit of a question of
doubt, and all which concur in proving that, in the
