CONORESSMINAt GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong .*.3d Sbss.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1843.
Volum® 12"*-No. 14
Continued from No. 13.
not held to the common law usages, which are
binding on bankers and nobody elss—as long as I
do not profess myself to be a banker, all the courts
of justice in the world will not treat me as such;
will not exact the common customs of a bank,
(the three days of grace, for example,) and
will not allow me the* privileges of one. So
it was (Mr. W. went on to say) with the Gov-
ernment. The Government bad to deal with all—
the poore: t, as well as the richest. It was no
banker; bat still, as a private individual must do,
it had to collect money to pay its debts, to keep
money, and disburse money. So long as it was'
exercising tbe powers vested in it by the Constitu-
tion over the finances and the currency, it was no
bank; but the moment it stepped beyond the power
of the Constitution—beyond the power of the cur-
rency, the power to lay and collect taxes, the
power to create a circulating medium in such
form that the collections and disbursements of
the Government might be safely made,—the mo-
ment it transcended that power, collaterally or di-
rectly, incidentally or positively, and performed
the business of discount and exchange, dealing in
money for the sake of profit alone,—then, and not
till then, it was a bank. The proposition, then,
with which he met the argument of tbe gentleman
from Kentucky, was, that the mere custody and
control of the public money would not constitute a
bank. If it did, then the gentleman could not
escape. Would he maintain the proposition
that tbey were obliged to create a joint-stock
company, or obliged to create a bank? One
or the othei: let the gentleman tal<e thf>t position.
Yes, let him take that p- suion, that there must
either be an incorporation of private individuals,
which would not be a Government bank, or an in-
stitution of the Government and what did he
arrive at then? And what was the difference be-
tween a Government bank and a national bank,
in common parlance? A Government bank was
for the purpose ot the collection, safekeeping,
transfer, and disbursement ot the public money for
public purposes, and to regulate the circulating
medium, so as to make taxes uniform, and both the
people and the Government safe. And what was
the difference between such a bank and a national
bank? The first difference was a constitutional dif-
ference. The next was, that the Government bank
was for Government purposes alone; but a nation-
al bank was not only for national purposes, bin for
individual profit. A national bank wa-, not neces-
sarily connected with the collection, safekeepin?,
transfer, and disbursement of the public monr.js;
nor was it necessarily connected with the circu-
lating medium. But further—ami this was an im-
portant difference, to which he wished to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] and those gentlemen who objected to the
assent and dissent pnncipir—the national batik
project would delegate the gieat power over the
finances and the currency to a company con-
sisting of a president and n.no directors. If)
then, they created a national bank, they yield-
ed the sovereign power ami the control of the
institution, which would wield the great govern-
ment power over the currency and the finances
to a board of directors, which stood as G to 3 against
the Government. It was not left to the courtesy of
the States to assent to the exchequer or not, for six
directors would possess soverc'sn poorer—six di-
rectors of individual stockholders. What became,
then, of the prgument of the grntleman from
Kentuck}? [Mr. Marshall] But when the ex-
chequer was established, or the odious and de-
nounced sub treasury was restored, all would ?drait
that it was a Government power—that it was the
power of the Constitution exercised according to
the legislative will. If, however, gentlemen would
object to the principle of assent and dissent on the
part of the States, ihey ought by all means to object
to the creation of a national bank; for the reason
that it would give to six individuals, and not to
sovereign States, that were apart of the federal com-
pact, the great power of assent or dissent. And it
was not only a one-third power, but there was a
perpetuity of power, unrepealable for the duration
of the charter of the national bank. That was a
fourth difference between a Government bank and
a national bank. A Governmentbank was always
under the command of the Government, and sub-
ject to the will of the people; but a national bank
embraced in its first idea an act of incorporation,
which contained in it the sound doctrine of vested
lights, which made it intact for the time of its crea-
tion, however objectionable it might be.
He next proceeded to defend the Secretary of
State, who (he said) did not, for the first time, at
Paneuil Hail, avow his renunciation of a bank of
the United States. He was understood to assume
that Mr. Webster made such a declaration in the
Senate of the United States in 1836 What, then,
was the issue between the Secretary of State and
the gentleman from Kentucky—the great master
and the great pupil? The issue was this: If they
could not create an incorporation of vested rights,
delegating to a two-thirds directory the power over
th« finances and the currency, should they abandon
the power and the custody entirely, and leave the
public moneys unguarded, as at present? That
was what was proposed by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in his report,
which would leave everything to executive discre-
tion and executive power. And the gentleman
from Kentucky would have no Government bank,
for he would rather have the present system, which,
according to his argument, was itself a Govern-
ment bank; so that he was in a position that was a
little move unnatural than the one in which he said
the Secretary of State was placed.
The honorable gentleman continued to comment
on the remarks of the gentleman fiorn Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] until the expiration of his hour
brought him to a conclusion. ,
Mr. ATHERTON next addiessed the House.
He deemed it proper that he should reply to some
of the positions in the report of the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means, from which he
dissented; although, so far as their resolution was
concerned, it had his decided approval. It ap-
pealed, from the general course of the debate, that
the majority c.f the Whig party objected to a Gov-
ernment bank, whilst the other portion objected to
a Urnled States bank. The whole tenor of the
report of the committee indicated a preference for
the independent treasury over any other system,
except a bank of the United States. From the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts, he
ihould infer that that gentleman preferred the in-
dependent treasury to any system, except a Gov-
ernmentbank. Now, he thought these several di-
visions of the Whig party were correct in their ob-
jections—one to a Government bank, and the other
to a United Slates bank.
Mr. WISE wished to know if the gentleman
umiers'ood him (Mr. W.) as having advocated
a Government bank.
Mr. ATHERTON said he did understand the
gentleman as having advocated what he (Mr. A.)
considered a Government bank.
These objections to a Government bank, which
were urged by a majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means, wou'd, he was of the opinion,
apply wiih equal force to a United States bank.
What were they? He referred to the 12;h page
of the committee's report, where the objection was
raised that it w-nK! give an undue control over ihe
State tank«. The report said: " It is true that,
by the exchequer plan, the bills of specie-paying
banks are receivable for public dues; but it c ust
be borne in mind, that it is made the imperative
duty of the agent receiving them to  ettle with fhe
banks weekly; and this settlement can have no
other objeet than to draw out the amount in specie.
* * * * But, by the exchequer
plan, large additions are invited for depositee and
drafts sold; and a 1 received for public dues and
drafts sold goes into the hands of the exchequer
agent, who has the power to favor a petted institu-
tion, by paying out its bills during the week, and
to crush an obnoxious one, by demanding the spe-
cie on all its bills. This may be a most dangerous
political power, which may be brought to bear
with tremendous effect upon the various banks
throughout the country, and is, in this respect, far
more dangerous than the sub-treasury." Now, he
asked, how would this danger be le.-tened by con-
fiding these powers to the hands of an irresponsible
money corporation? Would any of the evils be
taken away, by placing those powers in the hands
of a corporation governed by men whose object
would be to subserve their own exclusive interest—
men not selected by, and responsible to, the people—
and who have no ambition to perform their trusts
faithfully? He thought that it must be admitted
the power thus spoken of by the committee would
be equally dangerous in the hand of a moneyed cor-
poration.
Again: on the 10th page of the report the com-
mittee said: "We have deplorable evidences of this,
m the numerous defaulters to the Government,
and the scarcely less numerous instances of bank
officers, acting under the immediate eye of those
interested, who have embezzled the funds which
they were paid to guard." Here was an admis-
sion that bank officers werj net to be trusted!
Did not, he would ask, the fact apply with eqaal
force to the officers of a bank created with Gov-
ernment? In the same page (10) the committee
further said: "All these facts lead to but one con-
clusion, and that seems irresis'ible: which is, that
the Government ought not to engage in banking,
but that that shou]d be left to private corporations
or companies, which may be effectually restrained
in their issues by penal laws, for the violation of
which they may be made amenable to the courts.
Certainly nothing short of this can {present exces-
sive issues, or insure prompt redemption; and
even this has not always effected that object. Mr.
Ricardo, an eminent writer on this subject, says:
'Experience, however, shows that neither a State
nor a bank ever has had the unrestricted power of
issuing paper money, without abusing that power.
In all States, therefore, the issue of paper money
ought to be under some check or control.' As you
caanot check or control Congress on this subject,
it would follow that we ought not to attempt to ex-
ercise this power." Now, what he would remark
was, that thi^ power was as liable to abuse in the
hands of a corporation, as by the Government
itself. It was, in fact, the interest of individuals
owning corporations which ever-prompted to over-
issues.
In speaking of defalcations by officers and
agents, the committee said: "This is the hazard
with an honest agent. But suppose the exchequer
agent dishonest. Suppose him a warm political
partisan: might not these favors be dealt out to
political friends, and denied to political enemies?
Or suppose, money is wanted to corrupt the foun-
tains of tbe elective power, or carry some great politi-
cal contest:—how easy would it be for a dishonest
and pliant exchequer agent to buy the drafts ef
some irresponsible political friend, and thus pour
out tbe national treasury for the basest of pur-
poses!"
He asked, were the dangers here spoken of like-
ly to be lessened by confiding the public money to
an immeii'-e corporation? Did not the history of
the late United States Bank show that the public
money was constantly used for the furtherance of
political purposes? Surely, if such an oljection as
has been here urged by the committee applied to
tbe exchequer, it applied with much greater force
to an irresponsible corporation. It had been well
rematked by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
J.
