CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of postage. Unless objections were offered to
some of the features of this bill, be did not deem
it necessary to trouble the Senate with any further
observations.
Mr. HENDERSON said he thought the pro-
visions of the bill were carried to an unwarranta-
ble extent. Congress probably possessed the con-
stitutional power to pass a law of this kind; but it
appeared to him it would be a bad precedent,
and one which would lead to the stretching of
the powers of Congress to every subject. The ob-
ject of the bill appeared to be to secure to the
Government a monopoly in the carrying of the
mails.
So far as the bill proposed to restrain individuals
from entering in'o competition with the Govern-
ment, he had no objection; but when it was pro-
posed to interfere with the public conveyances,
and to make it penal for railroad cars and steam-
boa ts^ to convey passengers who, they might sup-
pose, were engaged in carrying expresses, he was
decidedly averse to its adoption. This was the
point to which he desired to call the attention of
the Senate.
They might as well undertake to make it penal
for one individual to sell a horse to another, be-
cause he might possibly use the horse in the con-
veyance of private expresses. They might as
well make it penal for an innkeeper to entertain a
man, or for the authorities of a town to allow a
man to pass through their town, if they suspected
that hre was carrying a private express. They had
as good a right to do the one as the other. He be-
1 eved, ordinarily, railroad companies had no right
to refuse to carry a passenger who tendered his
passage money, and who did nothing that was ex-
ceptionable. They were liable to damages if they
should refuse; and yet it was here proposed to
make them a sort of agent of the Government, to
secure the monopoly sought for by the Pott Office
Department. There would be no limit to this sort
of legislation if it were once commenced. It
seemed to him an undue assumption of power on
the part of Congress.
Mr. MERRICK said he would be as unwilling
as any one to do an act which would involve the
Congress of the United States in an unconstitu-
tional proceeding. But it seemed to him'that, in
this case, there was no just ground for the gentle-
man's apprehensions. It being absolutely neces
sary that the Post Office Department should be
sustained, it was the imperious duty of Congress
to pass all such laws as were necessary to effect
this object. The evil which they proposed to
remedy was one which struck at the very exist-
ence of that department: he meant the sources of
its existence—its revenue. They must, therefore,
legislate so as to secure a sufficient return, in mo-
ney, from the people whom the department served,
to defray its expenses. This was the whole scope
and object of this bill. He begged the honorable
Senator's attention to the phraseology of the bill.
The penalty was to be imposed only in cases where
the conductors of railroads, &c., knowingly trans-
ported any individual engaged in carrying private
expresses, in violation of the law; and leaving it
entirely free, where no compensation was de-
manded, for individuals to act in the matter as they
pleased. The whole object of the bill was to put
down, with as little inconvenience as possible to
citizens generally, the evil of permitting private
expresses to be employed to the prejudice of the
Post Office Department.
The further consideration of this subject was, on
motion of Mr. LINN, postponed, for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the special
order of the day.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn till Monday next.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The bill for the occupation and settlement of the
Territory of Oregon, which still continues the
special order, came up, and the debate on the
question of its passage was resumed from yester-
day.
Mr. BERRIEN being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for about an hour and a half in
opposition to the passage of the bill.
His objections were chiefly: First, that the pro-
vision undertaking to make a future grant of lands
to setlters, is in contravention of the spirit and
meaning of the existing treaty between this Gov-
ernment and that of Great Britain; next, that it is
an inexpedient and impolitic time to legislate upon
the subject at all; and, lastly, that this bill, under
existing circumstances, is an injudicious interrup-
ion or interference with the constitutional prerog-
ative of the executive department, which has noti-
fied Congress that a negotiation is pending in rela-
tion to this subject.
He agreed with those Senators who held that the
provision guarantying to settlers a grant of land
would be an infraction of the treaty. He agreed
with the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] not only in his opposition to that
provision, but also in regard to the inex-
pediency, under existing circumstances, of at-
tempting to carry out other provisions of the
bill. With most of what had fallen from the other
Senator from South Carolina he also concurred,
though he was not disposed to undervalue the im-
portance to our commerce of our right to the terri-
tory, or the advantages which we might derive
from its occupation and settlement. But, taking
the subject in all its bearings into consideration, he
could not but believe that he subserved the inter-
ests of this country best by giving his vote against
the passage of the bill.
He had every confidence in the purity of motive
and patriotism of the gentlemen who advocated
the bill; and participating with them, as he did, in
the national feelings which excited their zeal, he
could make ample allowance for the construction
which their minds had been led to give to the treaty
of 1818, and its renewal in 1827. This national
feeling, however, he conceived had carried them
too far. He had given the subject a calm and dis-
passionate consideration; and the result was, that,
according to his best judgment, he had come to the
conclusion that this bill would be a palpable viola-
tion of the treaty, and that England must so regard
it. National rights were as dear to him as to any
one; but national honor, and the imperative duty
of keeping inviolate our plighted faith, were
of such moment, that he would rather suffer loss
than tarnish the purity of that plighted faith. But
he had no apprehension that the postponement of
action on this matter would have any tendency to the
lapse of our interests in the Oregon Territory. We
still hold our title to be as indefeasible as we ever did.
We will make no concession that any other nation
on earth can have as strong, as undoubted, and as
just a claim, as we have. And, independent of all
this, the circumstances under which we look to it
as ours, are different from those which have influ-
enced Great Britain to look to it. It is adjacent to
us, touching our territorial border, part of our con-
tinent, best calculated for the habits and pursuits
of our population. Oceans divide it from the Brit-
ish domain, and the objects which once rendered it
valuable to her commerce are fast melting away.
The sources of the fur trade are diminishing rapid-
ly, and, at no distant day, we may fairly infer that
England will cea?e to have any permanent interest
in that region. Time, then, instead of lessening
our chances of quiet and undisputed possession,
acts in our favor, and operates unfavorably with
regard to the interests of the powtsr which is as-
sumed to be our rival.
The probability is, if we but wait the natural
progress of even's, that we shall find ourselves
quietly in possession of the territory long before
the real wants of our population will demand its
occupation by an act of Government. At present,
we should consider that we are but one of the two
parties entitled to equality of rights, under an exist-
ing compact. What we insist upon as our exclu-
sive rights, may, and probably will, be insisted
upon by Great Britain as her exclusive rights.
And who is to judge between the parties? Cer-
tainly not one of them, on its own ex parte evidence.
It is a matter of negotiation; and the executive de-
partment of this Government, to whom the Consti-
tution has confided the power of negotiating with
foreign nations, subject to the subsequent approval
of the Senate, bas notified the legislative depart-
ment that a negotiation is actually pending. Mr.
B., at considerable length, argued that the effect of
this bill would be, in all probability, to obstruct or
arrest an amicable and satisfactory adjustment of
the question of boundary; which, if once settled,
would remove all difficulty from the passage of
such a bill as Congress might think necessary for
the occupation and disposal of the recognised terri-
tory of the United States.
Mr. B. in the course of his remarks replied brief-
ly to the various arguments of the friends of the
bill, Messrs. Linn, Woodedrt, Morehead, &c.,
and answered each by applying to them the main
principles of his objections, as already substantially
stated.
He hoped a majority of the Senate would con-
cur with him in the suggestions he had thrown out
as to the inexpediency of this measure, and give a
negative vote on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ARCHER next ohtained the floor, and de-
clared his willingness to go on with the few re-
marks he had to make. But it had been sug-
gested to him that he would probably have to ad-
vert to documents not at present in the Senate, but
which could be procured by Monday; and he
would therefore propose that the bill be passed over
informally, and, if no other business was on hand,
he would then move an adjournment.
On motion then, the further consideration of the
bill was postponed till Monday next.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from David
Irvin and others, praying the passage of a law au-
thorizing the issuing to them patents for certain
lands purchased from the United States, which
patents have been withheld on account of some
informality in the sale: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John Bosworlh,
and it was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial very nu-
merously signed, from the county of Chatauque,
in the State of New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Also, a petition from the county of Warren,
New York, numerously signed, pointing out the
manner in which small debtors, possessed ef #500
or $600 worth of property, commit frauds on their
creditors, through false appraisement of said prop-
erty, under that provision of the bankrupt law se-
curing $300 worth of property to the bankrupt;
which memorials were referred to ihe Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from Fran-
cis county, Arkansas, for the establishment of a
mail route; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented a petition and documents from
William Wynn, of Arkansas, concerning his
claims; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. McROBERTS, on leave, introduced a bill
for the relief of Richard Lewis, and others; which
was read and committed.
Mr. GRAHAM made an unsuccessful motion
for the Senate to proceed to executive business.
Then,
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the Senate ad-
journed till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 27, 1843.
Mr. A. MARSHALL presented memorials from
merchants, shipmasters, and oihers, of Belfast and
Wiscasset, Maine, asking such changes in the
commercial arrangement with foreign Governments
as shall give to th« navigation of the United States
such terms of just reciprocity as shall most conduce
to the public welfare.
Mr. McKEON presented, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, the following pe-
tition, praying for a reduction of duties on pins:
To the Senate anil House of Representatives of ihe
United Stales of America:
The undersigned, interested in the importation and
sale of the article of pins, respectfully represent:
That, previous to the extra session of Congress,
in 1841, said article was allowed to be imported
