CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
free ,of duty. At that session, a duty of 20 per
cent, ad valorem was imposed thereon. At which
rate, said article was imported to a very large
amount, yielding, in revenue, many thousand dol-
lars during the few months that the act was in
force; that, under the tariff of 1843, the duty was
raised, and now varies from 51 to 75 per cent.—
the higher rates being imposed upon the inferior
qualities, which are principally used by the poor;
that the present rates of duties amount to a prohibi-
tion; there having been collected, under the present
act, less than three hundred and fifty dollars for
duties on said article imported into the city of New
York . to this date. Your petitioners further show
that, as they believe there are but two establish-
ments for the manufacturing of pins in the United
States, they therefore pray for a modification of
the present tariff, so as to reduce the duty on pins
to a rate not exceeding 20 per cent, ad valorem.
[This memorial is signed by 85 of the leading
mercantile firms in the city of New York.]
CHANGE OF THE HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. RUSSELL offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That, from and after the 30th instant, the daily
hour to which the House shall stand adjourned shall be 11
o'clock.
The question was taken, and the Speaker an-
nounced that the resolution was carried; but
Mr. ARNOLD called for a division.
The ayes were counted, and numbered 49.
It being evident that there was no quorum pres-
ent,
Mr. COWEN asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if any one had any ob-
jection to the resolution.
Mr. FILLMdRE said he hoped the mover would
consent to have the commencement of the operation
of the resolution postponed for one week, as the
Committee of Ways and Means had much business
before them, and it would be inconvenient to them
if the hour was changed.
Mr. RUSSELL declined making the modifica-
tion.
Mr. FILLMORE then moved to amend the res-
olution, by fixing on Monday week as the day
when it should commence. This amendment was
agreed to, and the resolution was then adopted.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON presented various
memorials, asking for the passage of a law for the
creation of $300,000,000 of Government stock, to
be distributed among the States,
PLAN OF AN EXCHEQUER.
The House, then, upon the call of Mr. FILL-
MORE, resumed the consideration of the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means on the subjectof
the exchequer—the question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Cdshing to amend the resolution con-
cluding that report, by striking out the word "not."
Mr. FILLMORE, who held the floor, addressed
the House at length. He commenced bv refer-
ring to the charge which had been put forth, that
the Committee of Ways and Means, in proposing
no affirmative action on the subject of the exche-
quer, had neglected to discharge their duty. In
order to test whether they had, he should con-
tent himsfelf by referring to the manner in which
the question was presented to the committee,
and in which it now stood before the House and
the country, as admitted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. More than a year ago, the scheme
was first submitted to Congress, and then referred
to a select committee, a majority of whom were
the friends of the President. After two and a half
months of reflection, this committee reported a
substitute for the plan of the Executive, dispensing
with its main features. If, then, any modifications
of the exchequer were wanted—if the Committee
of Ways anu Means had neglected to discharge
their duty in reporting modification?, he referred
gentlemen to those reported by the friends of the
Administration. Tbe gentleman, too, who made
the objection that the Committee of Ways and
Means had neglected their duty in not reporting
modifications, since they could not agree to the
plan itself, had given notice that he would move to
ubstitute the bill of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry for his own bill, for the purpose of bringing the
subject before the House in every possible shape.
Now, he submitted it to the consideration of the
House, whether the Committee'of Ways and
Means had not presented the subject in every shape
possible, by not favoring either of the schemes?
Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushinq]
had moved to strike out the word "not," so as to
make the resolution of the committee an affirma-
tive proposition. He would state, in reference to
that mattsr, that he had himself risen and proposed
the word be stricken out, thereby making the reso-
lution an affirmative instead of a negative propo-
sition. He could not see the difference between
voting in favor of a resolution declaring that the
exchequer should not be adopted, and voting against
a resolution declaring that it should be adopted. If,
indeed, there were any in the House, who, after
the many discussions which had taken place, were
unprepared to say whether they were in favor of,
or against, the exchequer, he was sorry for it. He
could not but admire the manly independence of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] who yes-
terday told the Home that, although many of his
constituents had petitioned fer it, he must, after a
close and careful examination of the subject, give
his vote against the proposition. It was a deter-
mination resulting from an honest conviction of the
heart, which he admired. He could not do other-
wise than commend the spirit of the man who,
when he found a measure to be right,, resolved to
hold himself ready to sustain it; and, if wrong, to
condemn it. Nor could he think that there were
men in the House who would take shelter of their
opinions under a negative proposition. After
some further remarks upon this head, he proceeded
to an explanation of a position which was taken in
the report of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and which, he understood, was misconceived by
some of his friends. He alluded to that portion of
the report which spoke of the power of removalfrom
office. It was in 1835, when the whole subject was
under debate in the Senate, and when he also ex-
amined the subject, that he came to the conclu-
sion that, where ihe power of appointment was
vested in the President and Senate, in that case
the President and Senate together alone had the
power of removal. In support of the position he
maintained, he cited the reasoning on the subject
contained in the Federalist, which was at the time
of its adoption held to be the true construction of
ihe Constitution. In that work it was argued to
the people, when the Constituiion was pending be-
fore them for their adoption, that where a concur-
rence of the President and Senate was necessary
to appointment, the same was also requisite to re-
movalfrom office. The Constitution provided no
power of removal. That only resulted from the
power of appointment. He stated as a remarka-
ble fact, that, although such a debate took place in
1835, he had not, after a diligent search, been able
to get a printed copy of Mr. Calhoun'* bill. He
found a manuscript copy, together with the amend-
ments proposed, among the archives of the Gov-
ernment; and as it passed the Senate, the only
principle asserted was this: it repealed the law lim-
iting the tenure of offices to four years, provided
that the only limit should be in case of defalcation;
and declared that the President should assign his
leasons to the Senate for any removal he might
make. There was no principle in it which tended
to limit the power of removal. Now, his own
opinion was, that ihe President possessed no such
power.
He noticed ihe objections which had been raised
to a continuance of the present regulations of the
Treasury Department, on the ground that the laws
in force did net provideanyplace of security for
the public money, and also that there were not
sufficient provisions of law for the punishment of
embezzlements. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had argued that there were no provisions
for the punishment of defaulters, except such as
might be contained in the act of 1789, and the
resolution of 1816.
Mr. GUSHING said his proposition was more
qualified; and made another remark not heard.
Mr. FILLMORE alluded to the supposition en-
tertained by some, that tte Committee of Ways and
Means had omitted their duty. He feared the House
had forgotten their own action on the subject.
There were already existing by law ample
checks and guards for the security of the public
money. In the first place, there was tbe law of 1789,
which provides that it shall be tbe duty of the
Treasurer of the United States to receive and keep
the moneys of the United States, and disburse them
upon warrants drawn by the Secretary of (he
Treasury. Mark the words: "disburse them upon
warrants drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury."
Then, what next1? As to the medium in which the
public dues shall be paid, we have (said Mr. F )
the joint resolution of 1816, which prescribes that
they shall be paid in gold and silver, treasury notes,
and the bills of specie-paying banks. Thus we
have (said Mr. F.) the provision designating the
officers who shall keep the public money; and next,
we have the medium in which it shall be paid.
Now, he wanted to know what more there was
in the famous exchequer bill which came from the
Treasury, or that of the select committee of this
House, to secure the public treasure from embez-
zlement? Instead of calling the officer who is to
have the custody of the public money, the Treas-
urer of the United States, the bill proposes to call
them a board of exchequer, though one of them is
to be this same Treasurer. First, there is to be the
Secretary of the Treasury; second, the Treasurer of
the United States; and then there are to be three
commissioners to constitute this board of exche-
quer. The system now in operation was but a
part of that "one idea" which provides for five offi-
cers, instead of one to do the same thing, and who
are to be appointed in the same manner, viz: by
the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. But it had
been said that there was now no security for
the faithful custody and disbursement of the pub-
lic money, and therefore the Committee of Ways
and Means neglected their duty in failing to pro-
vide for it. Let us (said Mr. F ) look a little into
the law on this subject. Gentlemen seemed
to have forgotten that, in repealing the in-
dependent treasury, they left the penal part
of it providing for the security of the pub-
lic money untouched. They repealed the act
so far as it relates to the receivers general,
and the public buildings for the deposite of tbe
public money, together with the provision requi-
ring the public dues to be paid ia gold and silver;
yet the penal part of the act—which secures tbe
faithful custody, transfer, and disbursement of the
public money—this House had not the folly to re-
peal. Not only did they retain it, but thej added
to it. There were the most ample and the most
penal provisions against anybody who should use
the public treasure. In addition to the penalty im-
posed by the sub-treasury act, they had also pro-
vided for the evidence by which guilt should be as-
certained—which the independent-treasury act did
not do. Mr. F. then read from the act of 13th
August, 1841, repealing the independent-treasury
act, the following provisions :
ilProvided, always, That, for any offences which may have
been committed against the provisions of the seventeenth sec-
tion of the said act, the offenders may he prosecuted and pun-
ished according to those provisions; and that all bonds executed
under the provisions of said act, and all civil rights and liabil-
ities which have arisen or accrued under said act, and the
remedies therefor, shall remain and continue as if said act had
not been repealed; anything herein contained to the contrary
notwithstanding.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any officer
charged with the safekeeping, transfer, or disbursement of
public moneys, or connected with the Post Office Department,
shall convert to his own use, in any way whatever, er shall
use by way of investment in any kind of property or merchan-
dise, or shall loans with or without interest, any portion of
the public moneys intiusted to him for safekeeping, transfer,
disbursement, or for any other purpQse, every such act shall
be deemed and adjudged to be an embezzlement of so much
of the said moneys as shall be thus taken, converted, invest-
ed, used, or loaned, which is hereby declared to be a felony;
and the neglect or refusal to pay over, on demand, any public
moneys in his hands, upon the presentation of a draft. < rder,
or warrant drawn upon him, and signed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, or to transfer or disburse any such moneys
promptly, according to law, on the legal requirement of a su-
perior officer, shall be prima facie evidence of such conversion
to his own use of so much ofthe public moneys as may be in
his hands. Any officer or agent of the United States, and all
persons advising, or knowingly and willingly participating in
such embezzlement, upon being convicted thereof befoie any
court of the United States of competent jurisdiction, shall,
for every such offence, forfeit and pay to the United States a
fine equal to the amount of the money embezzled, and shall
