CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ported 98 in the affirmative, aad T5 in the negative;
so there was a second. The main question was
also ordered to be put. The question then re-
curred on the resolution of the minority of the
committee, which was presented by Mr. Atiierton,
in the following words:
And that the Committee of "Ways and Means be instructed
to bring in a bill regulating the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public moneys, in such a manner as
shall, as far as possible, substitute provisions of law for execu-
tive discretion in the management of thcfinancesj shall prevent
the moneys of the people from being used for purposes of
private speculation and emolument, and shall render the Gov.
eminent independent of the agency and influence of moneyed
corporations.
Mr. PICKENS wished it to be understood that
that was not a substitute for, but an addition to, the
report of the majority of the committee.
The yeas and nays were called for on the amend-
ment; and being ordered, resulted as follows-—yeas
105, nays 116.
YEAS—Messrs. Arrmgton, Athcrton, Beeson, Bidlack,
Black, Bowne, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Brown,
Burke, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell,P. C. Caldwell,
Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, CJmton, Coles, Colquitt,
Cross, Cushing, Daniel, Richard D. "Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Doan, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Ferris,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Thomas F. Foster,
Gerry, Gilmer, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Gwin,
Balsted, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Ilonck, Houston,
Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. lngersoil, William W. Irwin, Jack,
Cave Johnson, John VV. Jones, Isaac D. Jones, Keim, Andrew
Kennedy, Lewis, Littlcfield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand. Al-
fred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Medill, Miller,
Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter, Pditridge,- Payne, Pickens,
Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Scwell, Shields, William Smith,
Snyder, Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson, Troui,
Turney, Van Bitten. Ward,WaUorson< Weller, Westbrook, and
Wood—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, LandafT W. Andrews, Slier-
lock J, Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, iiabcock, Baker, Barnard,
Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botes, Briggs,
Brockway, Bronson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burncll,
William Butler, Calhoun, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruihtrs,
Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Cowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Davis, Deberry, John Edwards,
Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates,
Gentry, Giddmgs, Patuck ti. Goode, Graham, Granger,
Green, Hall, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. ln-
gersoil, James Irvm, James, William Coat Johnson, John P.
Kennedy, King, Lane, Linn, McKennan, Samson Mason, Ma-
thiol, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Morns, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pearce,
Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander
Randallj Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, James
M. Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd, Slarte, Truman Smith, Stan-
ly, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander II H. Stuart, John T. Stuart,
Summers, Taliaferro, John 13. Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-
eon, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull, Un-
derwood, Wallaco, Warreri, Washington, Edward D. White,
Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Christopher H. Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Wmthrop, Yoikoj Augustus
Young, and John Young—116.
The question (hen tame up on the adoption of
the following resolution of the Committee of Ways
and Means, viz:
Jlesolved, That the plan of an exchequer presented to Con*
gress fiy the Secretary of the Treasury at the last session of
Congress, entitled "A bill amendatory of the several acts estab-
lishing the Tieasury Department," ought not to be adopted.
And, the roll having been called, the result
was—yeas 193, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Arnngton, Athercon, Aycrigg, Bab-
cock, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Black, Blair,
Boardman, Botts, Boyd, Brewster, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, diaries Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Burke, Burnett, William Butler, William O. Butler,
Calhoun, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chap-
man, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Cranston, Cravens, Cioss,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, Dawson, Dean, De-
berry, Doan, Doig. Eastman, John Edwaros, John C. Edwards,
Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Fessenden, Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
Fornance, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer,
William O. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Granger, Green, Gustine,
Gwin, Hall, Harris, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Howard,
Hubard, Hunter, II unt, Charles J. lngersoil, Joseph R. Ingersell,
James Irvin, James, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Keim,
John P. Kennedy, King, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell,
Abraham McClfcllan, Robert McClellan. McKay, McKennan,
McKeon, Mallory, Maichand, Alfred Marshall, Samson Mason,
John Thomson Mason, Mafhinf, Mafhews, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Morrow, Newhard, Oliver, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Par-
tridge, Payne, Pearce, Pendleton, Pickens, Powell, Ramsey,
Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Read, Red-
ing, Reynolds, RheLt, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, Rogers, Roose-
velt, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstali, Saunders,
Sewell, Shepperd. Shields, Siaile, Trumaa Smith, Snyder,
Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander H. H.
Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sumter, Sweney, Talia-
ferro, John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson, Trinlett, Troui, Trumbull,
Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Wallace, Ward, Warren,
Washington, Weller, Westbrook, Edward D. White, Joseph L.
White, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wood,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—193.
NAYS—Messrs. Barton, Borden, Bowne, GreenW. Caldwell,
Cowen, Cushing, Thomas F. Foster, Patrick G, Goode, Hal-
sted, Hudson, William W, Irwin, William Cost Johnson, Isaac
D. Jones, Morris, Rencher, Tillinghast, Thomas W. Williams,
and Wmthrop—18.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BURNELL moved a reconsideration of the
vote just given, and supported his motion with
some remarks; which, from the noise in the hall,
the reporter could not catch distinctly enough to
report. After he concluded, he withdrew his mo-
tion.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL renewed the
motion for reconsideration. The first part of Mr.
Ingersoll's remarks were entirely inaudible to the
reporter, in consequence of the distance he spoke
from. When heard, he was understood to say that
the monetary concerns of the nation belonged to
the House of Representatives; and he desired to
see the day when that sentiment shall prevail in all
parts of the country. It would tend more to the
settlement of our difficulties, the tranquillity of par-
ties, and the interests and happiness of the coun-
try, than anything else that had been proposed.
In the outset of his remarks, he would premise
that he opposed any measure presented by the
present Chief Magistrate with great reluctance,
because he felt under obligations to him for several
of his public acts since he had been in the Execu-
tive chair. He felt thus both as a Representative
and as a citizen of the United Siates; and would
be happy if he had it in his power to coincide wish
him in the measures he propoted. He would fur-
ther take this occasion to say, that he felt under a
deep debt of gratitude to the President of the
United States, for proving to this country a truth
which it had not befoie been awakened to. It had
been said, as a matter of reproach to the President,
by a distinguished gentleman, that he was a
President without a party. He would not say
whether it was desirable or not that a Presi-
dent should have a party; but this he would say,
that Mr. Tyler had been the instrument—possibly
the unconscious instrument—of teaching these
United Slates of America that there was a virtue
in their Constitution that they had not b'en aware
of; that the gieat functions of the (Government, ex-
ecutive, judicial, and legislative, might be admin-
istered by the demise of the Chief Magistrate's
bringing to the Executive chair a gentleman not
intended for it. No man could contemplate .the
event without perceiving that, in this new and dif-
ficult aspect of our Constitution, everything worked
well. He did not mean to speak in reference to
party measures, for he was aware that many dis-
approved of what had been done and what had
not been done; but he meant to say that, in this
new state of things, there was no check to the
working of our system of government, and it had
gone off prosperously as heretofore. Though
in the condition of parties, the aspect of things
might be changed, yet, without extolling the
present President, he wished the community
to understand that, at all times, under such
circumstances, the administration of this Govern-
ment, or the functions of this Government, had
been performtd as usual; and we find true what
Mr. Jefferson said—that this was the strongest Gov
ernment in the world. He regre'ted, because of
his personal relations with the President—which
were of the mcst kind and friendly nature—that
he was compelled to oppose sny measure presented
by him to this House; yet be had determined that
he would take the earliest oppoitunity, not only of
opposing this exchequer plan, proposed by the
President, but he would take leave to add, as a
matter of further opposition to him, that it had
been proposed by the Executive at all. The act
of 1789, which had been brought into view to-
day, for the first time, was perhaps not as fa-
miliar to gentlemen as it ought to be. He
had studied it with care, and bad come to the
conclusion that that act of Hamilton, Ellsworth,
Ames, and others, framed by those who aided in
framing the Constitution, contained the germe and
basis of all we wanted; and that it was by depart-
ing from that germe and basis our subsequent diffi-
culties had arisen. It was by going back as far
as possible to that act, that the difficulties under
whieh we now labor are to be overcome. Now
he did not wish to be understood as referring to the
independent treassry. He bad voted for it wfceu
it was passed into a law, and he had voted for it
today; but he was not exclusively wedded tp it.
He was inclined to think that it never should have
been made an Executive or party question; and,
that all we wanted was to insist on the
principle contained in it. The act of 1789
was infinitely better than the sub-treasury,
and possessed within itself all 'we want-
ed. We had, therefore, nothing to do but to
go back "to that from which the convulsions of par-
ties had driven us. Shortly after that act was
passed, the Bank j,of the United States went
into operation; and how? Mr. I. here recited the
resolution of Congress, which, he said, was con-
strued to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
report a plan for a national bank at the next ses-
sion; and the consequence was, a bank became for
a long time the keeper and disburser of the public
funds, and, in the lamentable instance of the second
Bank of the United States, became the despot
of the Government. Immediately after the
Bank of the United States came the State
banks. The Uniied States Bank of Penn-
sylvania was begun under the auspices of
a highly distinguished gentleman, whose friend-
ship he had the happiness to enjoy; and the
Manhattan Bank, as he had always understood,
was commenced under the auspices of the then Vice
President of the United States. Both these banks
were established to counteract the influence of the
national bank. Things-went on for years in the
same way, under the suspensions in England, and
expansions and contractions in this country, till this
Government was nearly tanked to destruction. He
would say again, that the convulsion of parties
had thrown us back again upon the act of 1789, for
there was but little left of the sub-treasury. Let us,
then, (said Mr. I.,) be cautious how we take a single
step beyond that; let us look well what we do. What
did the Executive recommend to them? He recom-
mended a treasury bank; and though, for his own
part, he had never been able to understand the horror
expressed for such an institution by many honorable ,
men of the country, yet he took it for granted that
a treasury bank was much to be deprecated. He
knew it was the opinion of Mr. Madison, as well as
of many eminent men of the country, that a treas-
ury bank, with a paper circulation, and with the
power to regulate exchanges, was a most formi-
dable and most dangerous institution. No Gov-
ernment should ever have his vote for sach an in-
stitution. No Government, with his vote, should
ever have the power to issue paper at all. He
could not vote for it, unduly pressed on them, as
he thought. He was not in the habit of being in-
fluenced by the public press; but, from what he
saw, he thought the Executive and all its branches
had made this project a favorite object; and this,
with him, was a very strong objection to it.
After some other observations, which were very
imperfectly heard, he alluded to the speech of the
Secretary of State, delivered in Faneuil Hall,
Boston, in which Mr. Webster said that, if there
was any subject whieh he understood, it was this
or,e; and he further said, that he was a bullionist.
He (Mr. I.) denied that the Secretary of State
was a bullionist; he denied that any man could be a
bullionist who would give to the Executive of these
United States the power to issue paper money that
was not immediately convertible; aad yet that was
the project of Mr. Webster. Instead of such views
being the emanation of a master mind, as they were
called the other day, he, (Mr. I.,) an humble and
comparatively insignificant individual, pronounced
them crudities and puerilities. He was of opinion that,
if he Secretary ofState, instead of occupying his great
mind (if great :t were) on treasury projects, with
which he had nothing to do, would occupy his great
mind on what was the legitimate province of his de-
partment—the extension of commerce with foreign
nations—he would produce more good, for he might
aid in bringing the exchanges in our favor, ty
bending the energies of his great mind to that sub-
ject, instead of wasting them where they would be
profitless. He had heard it suggested that ihe Sec-
retary of Slate was before long to leave for England
on a sort'of Ashburton special mission, to make a
commercial treaty between England and this coun-
