$18
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jackson did not act on vague and general sus-
picions) a passage from La Tour. How, then,
he asked, was the city of New Orleans to be
saved? How defended against a powerful in-
vading enemy, except by declaring martial law?
General Jackson saw and felt the responsibility
of his situation, and he ordered New Orleans to be
put under the same rules as a military camp. It
was put under garrison; all the avenues coming into
and going out of the city were blocked up, and all
communication cut off between traitors within
and the enemy without. The next thing was
the publication, by Mr. Louallier, of an in-
cendiary pamphlet, the object of which was to
produce mutiny and disobedience ta the orders
of General Jackson. He was arrested, together
with Judge Hall, (who became his accomplice,) by
the order of General Jackson. On this head of the
subject, he would remark, that there was an argu-
ment in the Democratic Review so full and conclu-
sive, that he need not ssy an) thing more; but
would content himself by having it printed in his
speech when that should be published in full.
He then went on to argue that New Orleans
could not have been saved, except for the declara-
tion of martial law. The forces of the Americans
amounted to but 3,000 men; many of them raw
soldiers, undisciplined, inexperienced, and without
proper arms. Against them, the enemy were 14,000
strong, <sf the best troops in the world. He|referred
to the fact stated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Cdshing]—that the British arms were
victorious everywhere but in America. Every-
where they had added a halo of glory to the con-
quering cross of St. George. The condition of
England, too, was at that time entirely free from
danger. She had nothing to fear from France.
The star of Napoleon had set. There was no
reason to fear an insurrection in Ireland: her altars
had been cloven down, and their fires of freedom
extinguished with the blood of Emmett. Thus
left to contend with a power which had torn the
diadem fiom the hero of Austerlius, and broken up
the confederation of the Rhine, it was she Ameri-
cans alone—the Anglo-Jackson blood—which tore
the lion from the conquering flag. He might say
to the ladies of New Orleans, lovely and viriuous
as they were, that, had it not been for ihe conduct
of Andrew Jackson, their mothers and aunts would
have been surrendered to the lusls of an infuriated
soldiery.
He would tell the ladies of New Orleans more—
that at this very time, when an effort was made to
refund ts General Jackson the fine so unjustly im-
posed on him, the Senators from Louisiana, i.i
another branch of the legislative body, were voting
against it—ay, voting against the remission of the
fine to their defender. Let that go to them: he had
no further remark to make on that subject. He
had said that here he rested the claim of General
Jackson to have this fine refunded to him—not as
a gratuity; not as a remuneration lor his distin-
guished service*; but as an act of ju-.tice. He de-
manded it as an acquittal—an absolute acquittal—
from the aspersions that had been so foully cast
upon him. But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Botts] said, the other day, that General Jackson
had received the amount of thi. fine from a sub-
scription raised by the ladies of New Orleans; and
that, instead of patting the money in his own
pocket, as he had a right to do, distributed it
among the widows and orphans of those who
fell in the defence of the citj-. Per this reason,
the gentleman contended that the Government
should not refund the amount of the fiae.
Now, did the gentleman suppose that General
Jackson could have received this money as a
gratuity or as a reward for his services? If he
had done so, he would not have been Andrew
Jackson. On ihe contrary, knowing that the
amount thus raised by the gratiludeof ihose whom
he had saved from the outrages of a liceniious
soldiery could not be restored to them, he, in ac-
cordance with that benevolence' and humanity
which always distinguished him, recommended its
distribution among the widows and orphans of
those who had fallen in battle. He rejoiced that
thegentleman from Virginia had brought thissubject
to the notice of the House, it showed that there was
a deep sense of gratitude to their deliverer per-
vading all classes of the city. * But the most re-
markable declaration of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was, that, in reading the history of General
Jackson, he could find but one green spot in his
life. But one green spot in the life of Andrew
Jackson! Why, he could go back te his boyhood,
when he was a prisoner in the British camp.
"While there, he was insolently ordered by a Brit-
ish officer to black his boots. Did he obey with
the servile acquiescence of a timid and inexpe-
rienced boy? No; he indignantly refused, and told
him that he was a prisoner of war, and not ame-
nable to the exercise of such authority. Was not
this a green spot in his life? But again: Look at
the condition of the country during the last war,
at the time when General Jackson was appointed
to a command in the army. Our cities had been
sacked; and the British flag had waved over the
walls which surround us; and the northwestern
frontier was deluged in blood; and the whole na-
tion was in alarm. No sooner was General Jack-
son appointed, but the tide of victory was rolled
bsek. victory to our arms succeeded victory, till
the war ended in a blaze of glory at New Orleans.
Look to the Creek war; the battles of Emuck'a,
Talledega, Echota, and the Horse Shoe; was there
no green spot there? Why, if they did not know
the intelligence of the gentleman from Virginia,
they might naturally suppose that he was as igno-
rant of the history of his country as he professed
to be of law.
Upon all these grounds, the fine should be re-
funded; and refunded because it was unjustly im-
posed on him; because General Jackson acted from
the necessity of the case; and, if he had not de-
clared martial law, the wealth of the city, and,
above all, its helpless females, would have become
the prey of a brutal soldiery. Could an American
Congress hold that it had no power to refund this
fine? Look at the gratuity of $25,000 given to
the widow of General Harrison. He did not vote
for that donation, because he believed that this
Government had no right to make gratuities. But
here was a different case; here was an act of jus-
tice tu be-performed, and money to be restored,
that had been unjustly extorted and withheld for
nearly thirty years. Hull was paid for his per-
fidy and cowardice; and why should General Jack-
son be punished for his patriotism and courage?
He disliked to speak of an American in the manner
be was compelled to speak of Hull; but he must
say that a large portion of the American people
declared that he was highly tinctured with treason.
This man, then, was rewarded by this very Con-
gress, who refused to do justice to the defender
oi his country. He a^ked if the American people
would tolerate conduct like this. Again: a bill
had passed the House for paying the Massachu-
setts militia for refusing to serve under the
orders of the General Government; yet the
House could refuse justice to the man who
had shed his best blood in the service of his
country. The gentleman from Massachusetts, the
other day, very insidiously brought the traitor Ar-
nold in the debate, for the purpose of applying his
case to that of General Jackson; and repeated the
anecdote of the American who said, that if his
countiymen had caught him, they would have
buried with the honors of war the leg that was mu-
tilated in their service, and hung the rest of his
body. He could well retort upon the gentleman,
and direct what point there was in the anecdote to
him, knd ihose who thought with him. He might
say, that if Arnold were here now, before this Con-
gress, they would (judging from its action in Hull's
and General Jackson's case*) pension the treason-
able part of his body, and hang up the leg that
was wounded in defence of the country.
The SPEAKER here reminded .Mr. P. that his
hour had expired.
Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL gave notice that he
would on Monday ask leave to introduce a bill to
amend the act organizing the Treasury Depart-
ment.
MILITARY DISTRICTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, in answer
to the resolution of the 21st instant, requiring the
Secretary of War to inform the House what (if
any) change has taken place in the organization of
the military divisions or districts of the United
States since 4th March last; and, if so, the reasons
for such change, &c., &c.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved to refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs, with instructions
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by
law, for the abrogation of the present arrangement
of the military departments, as adopted'by the gen-
eral order No. 40, issued on the 12th of July,
1842, and for the purpose of restoring the two mili-
tary divisions as they existed immediately before
the issuing of that order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the in
strnctions by adding the following:
"And also to inquire into the propriety of abol-
ishing the office of commanding general in chief."
Mr. STANLY said he had no objection to the
amendment; but he would suggest to the gentle-
man to go farther, and inquire into the expediency
of abolishing the army and navy altogether.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he hoped that, in
time, Congress would reduce both. He believed
it essential to the good of the country that the
army and navy should both be considerably re-
duced.
Mr. C, H. WILLIAMS acccpted the amend-
ment as a modification of his resolution; and, in
that form, it was adopted.
The SPEAKER communicated a report from
the War Department, transmitting 245 copies of
the Army Register, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of February 1st, 1842: laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, in reply to a resolution of the House, show-
ing the cost add progress made in building the
iion war steamer, under the direction of Mr. Ste-
vens, at New York: laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
LAW FEES.
Mr. RANDALL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill regulating the
fees of the officers of the courts in the District of
Columbia; which was twice read, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert
Fulton was taken up on its second reading; but,
objection being made, it was laid aside.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief- of John Patten, jr., owner
of the fishing schooncr Credit, and the master and
crew of said vessel.
A bill for the relief of Abner Lowell and others,
owners of the fishing schooner William.
A bill for the relief of William Ellery, owner
of the fishing schooners Sevo and Ida, and others.
A bill for the relief of John H. Russell and
others, owner, master, and crew, of the fishing
schooner Lucy Ann.
A bill ior the relief of Mary Bradstreet and
Amos Tappan.
A bill for the relief of Knott Martin the 3d, and
Arnold Martin, owners of the fishing schooner Only
Son, and others
A bill for the relief of Barnabas Baker and
others, of the fishing schooner called the Union, of
Dennis, Massachusetts.
A bill for the relief of Joshua Knowles, jr., and
owners, and the crew of the fishing schoner Garnet.
An act to set aside certain reservations of lands
on account of live oak in the southeastern district
of Louisiana.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill entitled
"An act for ihe payment of seven companies of
Georgia militia, for services rendered in the years
1840 and 1841," was read and concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill entitled
"An act for the relief of John P. Skinner, and
the legal representatives of Isaac Green," was read
and concurred in.
The following Senate bills were read a first and
second lime, and referred.
An act for the relief of the Planters' Bank of
Mississippi, and the Agricultural Bank of Missis-
sippi-
