CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discussion which the subject had received did not
leave much that was new to be said. He thought,
however, it would not be difficult to prove that this
bill would not, and, indeed, could not, be viewed
by Great Britain as an infraciion of the existing
treaty between that Government and this. He
should not attempt to travel over the same ground
so ably explored by the Senator from Missouri,
tMr. Limn,] in his statements of the foundation
of our title. He should dwell chiefly on the fact,
admitted by Senators on both sides, that our claim
is prior and paramount to that of Great Britain.
It would be necessary, however, to have a clear
definition of what that claim is. He understood
it to be based, in the first instance, on the discov-
ery of the Columbia river by Captain Gray, in the
year 1792. We have evidence of the admission
of this fact, not only in the writings of British
navigators, but in the recognition, by the British
Government itself, of the name given by Cap-
tain Gray to the river. This discovery was
followed up by that of the sources of the
Columbia river by Lewis and Clarke, sent out
by Mr. Jefferson for the purpose in 1805. Captains
Lewis and Clarke explored the country, traced the
river from its sources to its mouth, and took formal
possession of the territory for the United States.
Oar next claim grows out of the occupation of the
country. The first settlement made in it was by
John Jacob Astor, in 1811 In the war which fol-
lowed, between this country and Great Britain, he
was dispossessed; but in the restoration of Port
George (Astoria) to our Government in 1818,
Great Britain recognised our right to that settle-
ment, and, consequently, to whatever title arose
out of it. In fact, up to that restoration, and long
after, we never heard of any claim to the territory
on the part of Great Britain. Here, then, we had
an additional claim—that which grows out of the
law of nations; for although, in the first instance,
the law of nations recognises as the first claim pri-
ority cf discovery, it further requires that the dis-
covery shall be followed up by occupation; and
we bad fulfilled thecondition. We bad made the
discovery by Captain Gray, and Captains Lewis
and Clarke; and had followed it up by occupation,
which was only interrupted by the force of war,
but subsequently the possession was restored to us
as our right; and from the date of that restoration,
in 1818, we have never parted with the occupa
tion. The negotiations then, and every negotia-
tion since, show that we maintained throughout
this whole period our title, rights, and occupation
of the territory.
We never have abandoned one iota of our
claims to its sovereignty. On the contrary, we
have evinced an unwavering determination to
maintain our rights. It struck him that Senators
were mistaken who uiged that Great Britain had
exclusive occupation of the territory; or that, from
the use she makes of the stipulations of the treaty,
she can acquire any title. It stiuck him, also, that
it was a mistake to think she will ever look to the
territory for agricultural purpose?. And herein
lay a great difference between her views and ours.
They are, in fact, different, and yet not conflicting.
We want the territory for agricultural pursuits
mainly. She looks to it for the main pursuit of
her Hudson Bay Company, which is the trade in
furs.
Now, it is in conformity with the law of nations
that Indians—wandering tribes like the Arabs, or
persons merely traversing a country for purposes
of hunting, fishing,trading, &c.—have been regard-
ed as no impediments to those who lake possession
of the soil for making a permanent occupation,
and converting it to agricultural purposes. It was
according to this recognised law of nations that
Europeans settled on this continent, though it
was at the time inhabited by the aborigines.
It was on this principle that the pilgrim fathers
took possession of the soil of New England, and
turned it to agricultural purposes, without breaking
the law of nations by dispossessing the Indians
who would not cultivate it. So in the Oregon
Territory: the Hudson Bay Company, hot having
for its primary object agricultural pursuits, never
had encouraged more culture of the soil than ne-
cessary for the temporary sispport of its employees.
But, with our citizens, agriculture must be the
primary object. And we have already a number
of our citizens there engaged in this pursuit.
There is no jealousy towards them on the part of
the Hudson Bay Company, so long as they make
agriculture their primary pursuit. What can be
more convincing than this, that it is not for agri-
cultural purposes the British look to the country?
The apprehension, then, is entirely groundless,that
tbey would view the occupation of the soil by our
citizens as an infraciion of the treaty. Great
Britain never will want it herself for agricultural
purposes. No British company of capitalists
will ever ran the risk of investing their money in
such a speculation.
If, as some gentlemen suppose, such a company
has been formed, it must soon fall to the ground;
for it never will come to anything in practice.
None but individuals living on the soil, and culti-
vating it for themselves, can fully realize its bene-
fits. Our citizens are peculiarly suited for that pur-
pose. Those who have gone there wish to re-
main, and others wish to follow them. .They ask
but the same protection of laws from us, which
Great Britain affords to her subjects. They wish
also to be assured of a grant of the lands they may
reclaim from the wilderness. All this the Senator
from Missouri proposes to de by this bill. He pro-
poses to give them hereafter the grant they ask; to
extend over them the Territorial laws of Iowa; and
to establish a sufficient number of forts to give
them protection from savage Indians. Now, may
not all this be done without any infraction of the
treaty? Mr. Y. here leferred to a conversation be-
tween Mr. Gallatin and the British ministers, in
the negotiation about the treaty, in which the Brit-
ish ministers themselves suggested that the laws
of one of our organized Territories might be
extended over the country, though we might
not organize a new Government m it. They
also suggested a p'an by which forts might be
erected, and the soil might be cultivated. How,
then, can it give Great Britain iffence, that we
carry out, by this bill, her own suggestions? Our
citizens already there &ive no offence, by occupying
any portion of the soil they please in agriculture.
On the contrary, the most friendly feelings are
evinced by the employees of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany towards them. It is only when they engage
in the fur trade, that they are looked upon with
jealousy. We all know that both Great Britain
and her Hudson Bay Company are governed by
what they consider their best interests. Their
friendly disposition to our citizens engaged in agri-
culture shows that they do not look to that as their
object. Why, thfn, should we suppose they would
object to any number of our citizens taking up
land for agricultural purposes?
Mr. Y. here read the remarks of Mr. Greenhow
on the subject. He also referred to the opinions
expressed by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Morehead,] the other day, with a view of show-
ing that ihe Senator was mistaken m supposing
the Hudson Bay Company had any object cf making
a permanent location of lands for agricultural
purposes or settlements. The whole matter was
explained by Mr. Lea. He says the greater por-
tion of the settlers on lands are missionaries, who
proceeded to the territory for Ihe benevolent ob-
ject of benefiting the Indians, by teaching them the
truths of Christianity, and the usages of civilized
life. In the pursuit of this object, it was found
essential that they should oc,eupy and farm some
land—both for subsistence, and with a view of in-
structing the Indians in the advantages of cultiva-
tion, over the precarious means of suppor ing life
before known to them. At the forts of the Hudson
Bay Company, no more land is cultivated than is
absolutely necessary to supply the wants of those
engaged in the primary occupation of the fur-trade.
There is nothing like an effort or disposition to
make permanent settlements. It is a mere tempo-
rary occupation. There is nothing even of a per-
manent character in the forts of the Hudson Bay
Company. They are mere stockade-forts, perish-
ab'e in their nature, and only calculated for de-
fence against Indians. He mentioned all this to
show there will be no difiiculty in the way of our
citizens settling in the country. The Hudson Bay
Company can have no objection, and will make
none, to agricultural settlements. Now, this being
the case, what is there, really, in the present
bill, to give offence? Not the appropriation of por-
tions of the soil for agricultural purposes; for no
objection is made to that now, nor will there be
after this bill passes. Not the establishment of
forts; for that was suggested by the British them-
selves, and the example has been set by them. Not
the protection of our citizens by the extension of
our Territorial laws over the territory; for they also
suggested that, and set the example. Suppose they
should object to any one of these things: can we
not say to them, "You have done it; and if the treaty
authorizes you, it authorizes us?" And as to th«
occupation of the fort at the mouth of the Colum-
bia^river: was it not Mr. Astor who first built it? and
was it not restored to us in 1818, because the right
of possession was in us? Have we not kept it
ever since; and may we not now either repair it,
rebuild it, or enlarge it, at our pleasure, without
cause of offence? What else does this bill propose
to do? To establish two Indian agencies. What
objection can there be to that? It is well known
to the British that our practice is to appoint Indian
agents to protect and control the Indians in our
territories. They know we have territory in Ore-
gon, and Indians on it. They know that the duty
of our Indian agents by no means interferes with their
fur-trade. And withrespeet to the jurisdiction to be
extended over the country, do we not propose to
avoid any interference with British jurisdiction,
by the provision that any subjects of England ac-
cused of bffence under our laws shall be trans-
ferred for trial to British authority? No difficulty
or objection can therefore arise out of that portion
of the bill. The next provision is, that $100,000
shall be appropriated to carry out the measure.
It was to be lamented that the treasury was in its
present condition. But it did not seem to him to
come well from the Senators of the old States to
object to this small item of §100,000, and, in
short, to every appropriation required lor the new
States and Territories. They should contrast the
appropriations for the old Stales with those for the
new; and before they object to the latter, judge
fairly whether it was just or generous in them to
become objectors. Yet how seldom were they
disposed to mete out to the new States even the
measure of justice. It was with the utmost diffi-
culty the Senator frcm Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] last session obtained an appropriation of
SJIOO,000 to remove some of the impediments to
navigation in the Western waters. The usual annual
appropriation for that object, so necessary,had been
withheld for two or three years. In the just effort, too,
to obtain an appropriation for the Western armory,
did not the preponderance of the interests of the old
States prevail to cut it down to the paltry sum of
§5,000? Why should the condition of the treasury
be constantly held up as an excuse for not doing
justice to the Weot, while the mo>t extravagant and
useless appropriations are lavished elsewhere? Look
at the appropriations recommended to Congress
this session. May not ten-times the amount re-
quired by this bill be retrenched from them? What
occasion is there for such an increased and extrava-
gant naval establishment? Does not every one
see that smaller vessels of war would do more ser-
vice for Ihe country than those large and costly
frigates, too unwieldy to act with celerity or
effect?
When all this would be duly considered, he was
in hopos the Senators of the old States would drop
their objections to this appropriation of §100,000.
He trus'ed he had esi?.t>ii-hpd a sufficient num-
ber of poirts to sbowtbat gentlemen were mistaken
in supposing this bill could create any difficulty
with Great Britain. He had shown that our claim
to the territory is the best claim; that we have a
right paramount to any that Great Britain possibly
can have; that we have priority of possession, which
we have never parted with; that we can give no
offence to Great Britain in doing what she suggest-
ed to us we might do, and what she herself has
done; that the occupation of the soil by our citizens
is a legitimate occupation for agricultural purposes,
to which she, merely in pursuit of commercial ob-
jects, cannot object; that we make no direct grant?
