J<22
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and only undertake to do it hereafter—-a provision
which, by the uniform and undeviating*practice of
our Government, is never carried out till we have ex-
tinguished all oiher cla-ms of ti'le, as evinced by
our uniform extinction of Indian titles; and that we
are only raising objections, which, if not raised
here, never would be thought of by Great Britain.
It would be very Wjell understood by Great Briiain
that, as a negotiation is pending for the adjustment
of boundary, (andjhe believed that was the only
quesiion at issue in the negotiation about Oregon,)
this Government would not carry out the provision
till ihat question was settled. The prospective na-
ture of the provision would be so construed. The
British Government could not help so cocMrui&g
it, knowing that, according to undeviating prac.
tice, we could not for some years (four or five at
least) take the preliminary s>ep of extinguishing
the Indian title; without accomplishing which, we
never make grants of lands. This is such a plain
view of the case, that it seerafd strange gentlemen
should overlook it. Keeping it m view, they cer-
tainly conld not find any provision in the bill justly
meriting the objection that it could give offence to
.Great Britain. For his part, he viewed it in alto-
gether a different light. He regarded it as he was
sure ttie British themselves would regard it—as a
great peace measure, instead of one calculated to
produce strife. With these convictions, he should
himself vote for the bill,
Mr. LINN did not rise to comume more thaa a
very few moments of the time of the Senate. In-
deed, he felt it unnecessary to do so. after the very
lucid statement of the Senator from Illinois, placing
the matter on the plain grounds on which it should
be viewed. He (Mr. L) should, therefore, not
say another word on the subject of title, for that
was conceded; nor was it necessary to recapitulate
what had already been so repeatedly urged. He
was sorry the preposition was made to recommit
the bill, because he knew, at this late period of the
session, it would be fatal; as a delay must arise
which would, in all probability, bring up the sub-
ject again at too late a day to pass it ihrough the
other House, amidst the multiplicity of business at
the close of the session.
This bill had been drawn up wi;h great care,
and with the special object ot not leaving it ob-
noxious to the objeciion that it could be considered
an infraction of the treaty with Great Britain.
Indeed, so scrupulously hed it been drawn up,
that, instead of extending our Territorial Jaws over
the country, merely as Great Briiain suggested we
might do, wiihout being liable to objection on her
part, that provision of the bill had been made to
guard against any possible infrinsement on the
rights of the subjects of Great Britain, coming
under the operation of these laws; and it is pro-
vided that British subjects, accused of offences in
our territory, should be handed over to British au-
thorities for trial. The British minister told ot>r
•minister how far we should nnt'go; that is, that
we should not organize a new government and
laws for the territory; and the bill keeps clear of
that, by taking their own suggestion of the means
of accomplishing our object. With many of the
positions of the Senator fiom Virginia he could
agree, but he should draw opposite conclusions
from them. For instance, they could stand upon
the same ground as to what it was right to do; but,
while the Senator conceived it inexpedient to do it,
he would fed that, because it was right, it was ex
pedient, and ought not, and could not, give offence.
When it was done, suppose Great Britain remon-
strated; what would be the natural course, but to
say to her, Well, we did it because you did; you
set the example; if we are wrong, you must have
been first wrong; so let us both talk the matter
over, like sensible people, and set it right. This
would be the result, and not war. England could
not help seeing that, if we committed a breach of
the treaty, it was a consequence of herself having
been first guilty of the tame breach of the treaty.
And as to her resentment being more likely to be
provoked on a point of honor than on the mere
question of territory, he should ask, Were we to be
treated as if we had no points of honor at stake?—
no appreciation of such feelings? Are we only to
think of dollars and cents, and have no regard for
our national honor in this matter? The Senate of
the United States would be coming to a low pass
indeed, if the expenditure called for by this bill
were to outweigh the national honor at stake in
the decision of the question. England is to jeopard
her dearest interests sooner than permit her honor
to be touched; bit we are to do nothing to main-
tain ours. He never could, and never would,
come to such conclusions. He knew the gallantry
and the chivalry of the Senator from Virginia; and
it was not, therefore, in disparagement of anything
be had said that he made these remarks. He
seemed to attribute to his (Mr. L.' ) colleague and
himself a very pugnacious disposition towards
Great Britain.
Mr. ARCHER disclaimed anything personally
applicable to the Senators. It was to the general
tone of the friends of the bill he had alluded. The
Senator from Missouri was the last man in this
body for whom hs could entertain unkind opin-
ions.
Mr. LINN continued: What the Senator had
stated amounted to this,—that it wss his apprehen-
sion the British Government might make the re-
marks uttered here against its grasping policy, a
pretext for hostile feelings; and that, taken in con-
nexion with General Jesnp's letter on the subject
of military posts in the territory, they could rot
help feeling resentment. Now, can the Senator,
or any one else, suppose that Great Britain has any
right to make objections to an officer of this Gov-
ernment freely expressing his opinions to the Exe-
cutive, when officially called upon so to do; or ihat
any Senator of the United States should be re-
strained from a free discussion of topics involving
the interests and honor of our country, even if, in
doing so, he is obliged to denounce the policy of a
foreign powc-r? Surely, any foreign power that
would object to this freedom of discussion, must
be only seeking for a bare pretext of quarrel. But
he had no apprehension that this discussion would
have any such effect. If it could have this effect,
he would be glad to know how a quarrel was to be
avoided. Nothing this Government could do to
carry out its claims, or to assert its title to the t<*r-
ri'ory, would be free from the same objections.
There was no official act that could be devised—no
possible step that could be taken, which would not
be deemed conflicting with British interests. If
we are to consult nothing but the preservation of
harmony, we must remain perfectly quiescent, and
let British interests grow up and overspread the
territory without interruption or remonstrance.
Let the Hudson Bay Company go on settling the
whole country, and turning its entire resources to
its own advantage; let her have undifputed posses-
sion of the Northwest territory, from the Russian
settlements to Mexico, and she will rejoice. That
is the only way in which we can please and gratify
that company, and conciliate the British Govern-
ment. Any one step we take, no matter how
trivial, to secure or promote our own interests
there, must lessen their satisfaction,
The Senator from Virginia must certainly have
strangely misconceived his (Mr. L's) remarks, the
other day, in relation to our loss of the far trade.
What he (Mr, L.) had stated was, that our fur
trade, once amounting to $500,000 per annum, had
dwindled down to $2,000. Not that the fur trade
had bfen extinguished, or the fur animals exter-
minated, so as to make this difference; tut that, lo
the amount of half a million of dollars annually,
our fur iraJe in the Northwest territory had been
usurped by the Hudson Bay Company. Through
the supineness of our Government, the Hudson Bay
Cempany had been allowed to supplant us in our
own soil. The trade is not destroyed; it has passed
from our hands into those of the Hudson Bay
Company. The company has undoubtedly, in
some cases, trapped out the country—that is, re-
duced the supply of beaver. But it takes care to
resuscitate sach districts.
He had placed this bill on three grounds
of immediate national and domestic interest
to this Government: First, it will give pro-
tection to cur citizens on the western fron-
tier of the new States and Territories against
the Indians congregated there for the relief of the
old States; secondly, it will protect what remains
of our fur trade, and have some tendency to restore
what we have los>; and, thirdly, it will, by the pro-
tection and encouragement it affords to oar citizens
going to tfce terri'ory, or there already, induce that
occupation which is esseniial to the maintenance
of our title and our rights. In relation to the
system of military forts, he was fortified in his es-
timate of their importance, by the reports of the
executive departments, and the recommendation of
the subject to Congress, made by three or four
Presidents of the United States. How the princi-
ples of this bill can, on any rational ground, pro-
dace war with Great Britain, he was at a loss to
conceive, unless she is determined to snatch at any
pretext as an occasion for war. She has herself
gone beyond the point at which she can recur to
the treaty for a ptetext. She has said we may go
so far without infraction of the treaty; and we
only propose to do what she has suggested. The
bill proposes noshiag inconsistent with the admis-
sions of her ministers as to what we might do, and
had a right to do. If his friend from Virginia
meant to press his motion for recommittal, he
hoped it would be with instructions.
Mr. ARCHER said he would have no objec-
tion. The select committee being discharged, he
was at some loss to know what committee to make
the recommittal to. Perhaps the committee of the
whole would be the best. But the recommittal
might be dispensed with, if the Senate would agree
10 strike out the provision relating to the grant of
lunds. He would first try that motion, reserving
the right, should objection be made, of putting the
motion for recommittal afterwards.
The question was then put for unanimous as-
sent to strike out; but objection was made.
Mr. ARCHER then said that it had been sug-
gested to him that it would be best to recommit
the bill, generally, without instructions. He would
therefore move to recommit it to the committee of
the whole.
Mr. CALHOUN intimated h's desire to speak
on the subject while it was yet before the Senate.
He would therefoie ask the indulgtnce of having
the bill passed over informally till to-morrow.
The bill was accordingly passed over inform-
ally.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
then went into executive session,and soon after ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday. January 30, 1843.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN presented seven peti-
tions of citizens of the city and county of Phila-
delphia, praying Congress to relieve Amos Ken-
dall from the pecuniary and personal liabilities
under which he now suffers, for the faithful per-
formance of his duty as late Postmaster General.
Mr. BREWSTER presented, under the role,
the petition of E. W. Clarke and G4 others, inhab-
itants of Oswego, New YorK, praying that the pun-
ishment of flogging may be prohibited in the Uni-
ted States naval service: referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
TWO HUNDRED MILLIONS OF NATION-
AL STOCK.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to which had been re-
ferred several memorials, asking for the creation
of two hundred millions of national stock to be
distributed among the States and Territories, and
the District of Columbia, by general consent made
a report thereon, concluding with a resolution that
it was not expedient to grant the prayer of the
memorialists, and that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. I. said that there was also a report from
the minority of the committee on the same sub-
ject; and his motion was, that both these reports be
printed, together with 10,000 extra copies of them.
In order that the"House might have an opportunity
of understanding the subject of these reports, be-
fore taking the question on printing the extra
copies, be would propose that that question be laid
over informally, for the present, by general con-
sent.
Mr. EVERETT observed that, as this subject
had been heretofore referred to a select committee,
