~2$4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
the Council Bluffs to the mouth of the Columbia
river.
Mr. REYNOLDS (imperfectly heard) com-
menced by calling the attention ot' the committee
to certain documents, particularly the report of
Colonel Totten, to show the necessity of a survey
of this road before the Government can get the
occupation and settlement of the Oregon Territory.
There was a considerable opposition to the grant-
ing of land in that territory to the citizens of the
United States, because there was a convention
with Great Britain; but the same objections did not
apply to the measure he proposed.
He thought it was high time that ihe Govern-
ment should take possession of this territory, if
they evtfr intended to do it. If they did not now,
it would be extremely difficult to do it some years
hence. The British Government, by their North-
west Company, had taken possession of the coun-
try, and formed trading and agricultural settle-
ments. Mr. R. here went into an argument to
show the right of the United States to the country;
and deprecated the idea of our refraining from an
assertion of our rights, because it might give um-
brsge to the British Government. He admitted
that there was no inducement now to our citizens
to make settlements in the country, unless the
Government would encourage and protect them.
Mr. FILLMORE said it wa? very evident that
if the debate should go on in this way, there would
be no end to it. He understood from the Clerk
that there was a special order, which would take
up two or three days; and he would, theiefore,
suggest that ihe committee ri;e, in order that a
resolution to take this bill out of committee might
be offered. Mr. F. accordingly moved that the
committee rise.
On takiBg the question, the result was—ayes 74,
aces 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. CUSHiNG called for tellers, and Messrs.
Dean and Mathiot were appointed; and they re-
ported 83 in the affirmative, and 39 m the nega-
tive. The committee therefore rose and reported
progress.
Mr. FILLMORE then reported a resolution
fixing J o'clock for the termina'.ion of debate on
the army bill in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS requested the gentleman from New
York to yield ihe Hour to him, that he m:ght sub-
mit two resolutions which he had prepared to pre-
sent to the House to-day, which, by the rule, was
resolution day. That order of business, however,
having been passed over, he asked the gentleman
to give him the opportunity to present ihrm.
Mr. FILLMORE thenyiclded, with the expres-
sion of his desire that the resolutions would riot
lead to debate.
Mr. ADAMS then presented a resolution calling
upon the President of ihe United Slates to inform
the House by what authority Captain Thomas
Ap Catesby Jones had taken possesion of Monte-
rey in California, &c.
The resolution was objected tn, and therefore it
was not received.
Mr. ADAMS then submitted another resolution,
which called upon the President of the.United
States for a copy of the instruction*, given by the
President to Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones,
at ihe time of his appointment to bis present com-
mand, and of all communications which may have
been received from ihe said Captain T. Ap Catesby
Jones, in re'ation lo the capture of Monterey; and
also calling upon the President to inform this
^House if there had been any despatch transmitted
^calling Captain Jones from his command.
This resolution was also objected to, and (here-
fore was not received.
Mr. FILLMORE resewed his motion to fix
he <ime for the termination of debate on Ihe army
bill, m Committee of the Whole; and, on the sug-
gestion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, fixed haif-pasi 3
o'clock. On this he moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered to, be put. The resolution was then
adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE moved lhat the House again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of Ihe Union, which was agreed lo; and Mr.
Hopkins resumed the chair.
The pending question, when the committee rose,
was the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Reynolds,] and its consideration was now
resumed.
Mr. GUSHING said that the mode proposed to
be adopted by the gentleman from Illinois was not
the proper one in which to deal with that great
question. It was well understoed lhat there was
a bill on the subject of the Oregon Territory now
before the Senate; and the specific question involv-
ed in the amendment of the gentleman from Il-
linois would come before the House when Ihe
time arrived for it to pass on the bill which the
Senate might send to them. It was, therefore, now
premature to enter upon it, and he protested
against its being now made a test question. He
would suggest to the gentleman from Illinois that
he was prejudicing the question which he wished to
promote, by the course he was adopting; and he
would suggest to him the pfopriety of withdrawing
bis amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON also opposed the amend-
ment, mainly on the ground that he could not ap-
prove of that specific disposition of the appropria-
tion, preferring to leave it in the discretion of Ijje
proper department, as ihe bill now proposed.
Mr. CROSS also briefly suggested that the gen-
tleman's object would be gained by ihe survey
which was necessary to mark the boundary line
between the United States and Texas, which must
be done pursuant to treaty stipulation; and, there-
fore, be suggested a modification of his amend-
ment.
The amendment was then negatived without a
division.
Mr. FILLMORE, in pursuance of instructions
from the Committee of Ways and Means, offered
an amendment, as was unrlerstood, to make a fur-
ther appropriatinn for extending and rendering
more complete the meteorological survey.
After a few words from Mr. CAVE JOHNSON,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, and Mr. FILLMORE,
the amendment was agreed to.
When the committee arrived at the clause ap-
propriating money for the support of West Point
Academy—
Mr. ROOSEVELT submittfd an amend-
ment to cut off ihe pay of the cadets. The
country (he. said) furnished the cadets with
a good educalion, and paid them for accepting it;
and >et, in times when the country required their
set vices, they sent in their resignations. He di-
ttoed the attention of the committee to the re.-igna-
lions, when the ?ervice of these officers, who were
prepared by the country, was required for the
Floiidawar; and said he had no doubt an abundance
would be found to avail themselves of the educa-
tion which West Point afforded, wilhout paying
them for learning. He urged his amendment, too,
on ihe ground that the state of the revenue of the
country, as shown by a document lately placed on
their desks, was such as to call for all practicable
retrenchments. From the document to which he
alluded, he derived ihe information that but
$10,000,000 could be expected from imports for
the current year; and if to this were added the
amount lhat could be expected from the public
land?, they would have but 1,000,000 lo meet
the expenditures of the Government—of $20,000,-
000, at the lowest estimate of the Secretary of she
Treasury; though how they were to be reduced to
thatamount,he (Mr. Roosevelt) could not imagine.
He suspected they would amount to $27,000,000,
which must be met with §11,000,000, for they
could calculate upon no more. Under such cir-
cumstances, it was lime lo look areund them, and
see what reduction could be made in iheir expendi-
tures, lhat they might protect ihe credit of the coun-
iry. True, the money paid to the cadets was small
in amount; but the expenditures of this Govern-
ment were made up of an aggregate of smssllitems;
and by this retrenchment, pertaps $20,000 or §30,-
000 might be saved; of the precise amount, how-
ever, he had not informed himself.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired if there were not
more cadets who bad graduated, than could find
employment in Ihe service of the country. He
also wished to know whether they were not kept as
supernumeraries; and how many they were in num-
ber, and also how much the Government paid
to ihem.
Mr. ROOSEVELT undei stood there were more
graduating than the service of the country requir-
ed; but he could not answer all the inquiries of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. PROFFIT opposed the amendment, con-
tending that it would cut off the sons of poor peo-
ple from West Point, (many of whom, even now,
could not raise the necessary outfit for their boys
without the aid of friends,) and leave its doors
open only to the rich.
Mr. GRANGER said the reason why West
Point had fallen into disfavor, was because rich
men availed themselves of it to educate their sons,
and then withdraw them from the public service.
He was of opinion that, unless great care be taken,
that institution would be destroyed But respect-
ing the resignations of some years past, to which
allusion had been made, he said that was a time
when the Slates were entering on public works,
and the persons alluded to resigned, not from cow-
ardice, but to enter the public service in other
branches.
He next commented on the proposal of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt,] to with-
hold the pay of the cadets. If he remembered
right, their pay was $16 a month, with rations.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Proffit] had,
well described their cosdition. He (Mr. G.) had,
in the course 'of his congressional life, appointed
two cadets, and in neither instance had he sought
political influence, or endeavored to confer person-
al obligation. In or.e instance, the parents of the
youth had to make heavy sacrifices to provide an
outfit for him, when he started to West Point; in
the other, the young man was the son of a widow,
and his friends had to make advances in order to
enable him to enter. In both cases, he sought out
those most worthy of the place, and who would be
least likely to leave the army when their services
were wanted. Of all the propositions submitted
in relation to the institulion, that of his colleague
was the worst, and struck the heaviest blew at the
poor.
It was the nature of an institution like the West
Point Academy to run to ruin, unless carefully
watched. Every new officer stationed there had some
new schcme to propose, and each board of visiters
brought forward something more grand than their
predecessors. It was these things which were much
calculated to influence the public mind against the
institution.
Mr. MALLORY obtained the floor; but
Mr. ROOSEVELT rose to make an explanation.
While up, [Mr. Mallory not yielding, because of
the shortness of the time left,] he was understood
to say that he had not offered his amendment as
the peculiar friend of the poor; but as one alike
representing the interests of both rich and poor.
M r. MALLORY said he desired to make a sin-
gle remark. He believed West Point to be a good
institution, and would do nothing to iDjure it.
Yet, he was of the opinion that it was upon too
larpe a scale. It should be reduced lo correspond
with ihe strength of the army. Unless its friends
stepped forward and curtailed its expenses, it would
be broken down by its own weight. The board of
visiters, he thought, was a humbug, and ought to
be abolished. Indeed, they weie men of not suf-
ficient science to enable them to examine the ca-
dets and ihe institution. As other gentlemen were
desirous of speaking during the remaining fifteen
minutes, he would conclude by offering a proviso.
The proviso was read. [See a subsequent part
of this day's proceedings ]
The CHAIR decided it to be out of order at this
time.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN raid he was opposed
to the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Roosevelt.] It would banish from the in-
itiation ail poor bojs, and leave it open only to
the wealthy—of whom there had been already too
large a proportion there. Not that he wished only
the sons of the poor to be educated there; but that
they ought to have at least an equal chance—which
ihey would not have, if the amendment taking
from them all their pay was adopted. He would
not say the pay of the cadets might not, and ought
