CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Skss.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1843.
Volume 12 «"No. 15.
Continued from No. 14,
not, te be reduced; but sufficient for their support
ought tobe given them. If the whole oftheirpay was
abolished, some of the most promising boys would
hare to leave the institution. The catfet he had
selected from his district would be compelled to
abandon it. His parents had too many children to
support, to allow them to keep any one of them
in such an institution. He had selected the boy
alluded to from the public school of his district,
because of his superior fitness for the station. At
the time of his being selected, the boy maintained
himself by delivering miik, each morning, at 75
cents a week. He hoped, therefore, if the institution
was to remain, that its doors would not be closed
to the poor of the country. If either class ought
exclusively to be educated at the public expense, it
should be the poor. Tney would be most likely,
from necessity, to devote themselves to the service
of their country in after life. The sons of the
wealthy too ofien relied upon their wealth for sup-
port, and yielded no return to the country for the
education they had received from it. But he was
for keeping the institution open alike to all classes
•while it existed.
He was, however, opposed to the continuance of
the institution altogether. It was in ooposition to
the whole nature and character of our Government.
The General Government was not created to edu-
cate men to fill its different departments. It was
not intended that it should train up men as inherit-
ors of its power and places—of the offices of its
arm J, navy, its legislative halls, or its executive
departments; for, if the principle was to be carried
out, it ought to educate men lo be members of
Congress and executive officer.*. This was net the
genius of free government. He thought, wben the
people or the people's Government wanted officers
or agents of any kind, they ought to have the whole
body of citizens to select from, and lake the best
qualified. If this institution was abolished, many
others would spring up among the people in its
place. If the appointments in the army and navy
were open to the best qualified to fill them, they
would find, instead of a few hundred boys, thou-
sands of full-sized, well educated, ready-made
men, every way prepared to do good service. If
the competition were allowed, a military education
would become a part of the exercises of ordinary
schools and seminaries. Boys would be trained
there for the army, for the law, or medicine, or civil
engineering. There would be no lack, he said, of
military educated men, when military educated
men are in demand; the supply, like all other pur-
suits of life, would be fully equal to the demand.
At present, the door of the army was closed to all
who did not go through the "West Point Academy.
Another objection to it was, that the country had
to pay for educating many who never rendered any
„ service in return. At the beginning of the Florida
war, and when their services were required, they
abandoned the flag of tbeir country by scores. Out
of the hundreds and thousands educated at that in-
stitution, how many—he might say how Jew—had
ever rendered any important service to the country.
What had been the facts recently stated on the
floor of that House, wben the subject of the
coast survey was under consideration t Why, that
there were not in the whole army and navy of the
United States men competent to carry on that
survey; and that the country must look to the pri-
vate walks of life for the necessary talent and
education to carry it on.
He did not wish to be understood as speaking
slightingly of the officers of the army who had
been educated at West Poinr, nor of the compe-
tency of most of th&m to p-'iform all the duties
required of them. On the contrary, he considered
them generally as of a high order of military and
scientific men; but, as officers, they had not gen-
erally shown themselves superior to the officers of
the army who had been selected from the citizens
at large. Our recent wars, and particularly the
Florida war, had not developed any great military
genius or acquirements. The officers of the revo-
lutionary army, and of that of the late war, would
not lose by comparison with those of the West
Point academy, or of any other school. General
Jackson, and the une&acated officers under him,
had shown as much skill and bravery, and bad
had more success in their Indian wars, and before
New,Orleans, than would be found in all the wars
and battles of all the West Point officers. It
would be strange, indeed, if that institution had
not sent out some good officers out of the thous-
ands there educated; but, comparatively, they had
been few. Even now, those educated there did not
rafik in the army higher than Colonel Kearney,
and his dragoon officers, who had all been taken
from private life.
It was needless, he raid, to attempt to disguise
the fact, that, throughout the whole country, there
was a deep-rooted and widespread opposition in the
public mind to tbe institution. Many States had
instructed theic Representatives and Senators to
abolish it; and, but a day or two ago, Connecticut
sent in her opposition. He did not wish to im-
pute improper motives to any member of the
House; but it wa3 but too apparent that, if all the
personal connexions of members with the cadets,
and all other political and personal considerations
thereby created, could be excluded, the institution
would not remain another day.
If it must remain, he trusted all—even its strong-
est friends—would perceive the necessity of curtail-
ing its numbers, as was proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mal-
lory.] Tbe army was being reduced, and there
were already more cadets attached to it than were
necessary to fill all its offices. If, therefore, it was
considered necessary to educate boys lo make offi-
cers for the army, it was not neccssary, certainly,
to educate them to be mere hangers-on to that
army, at the expense of the public treasury—to be
the "mere cankers of a long peace." These were
not times for useless expenditure. The revenue
of the country was far short of its expenditures.
Retrenchment must be made somewhere, or the
national debt would increase. It had increased,
he said, and was increasing at a fearful rate; taxes
had increased, and would have to be increased still
further lo pay it; and ought they to go on edu-
cating boys for the army and navy, and paying
hosts of officers in both, to walk the streets of the
cities in idleness? He was opposed to it all.
Mr. HOLMES said he imagined there would"
be but one sentiment m relation to the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mallcry.]
It would root out the atuses of that glorious insti-
tution, West Point, and diminish the increasing
feeling against it; whilst it would not impair its
usefulness. He opposed the amendment of the
gentleman from New Yo:k, [Mr. Roosevelt,] and
thought itcould not have been seriously offered. It
might be—as gentlemen had said—that some offi-
cers resigned their places after having been edu-
cated at ihe expense of the Government; but he
could testify that a number of those who volun-
leered to go and fight against the savages were edu-
cated at West Point; and, though retired to civil
life, came when their country called them, and
rushed to the battle-field. He replied to the doc-
trine of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brown]—that Government should not educate any
one to fill its offices. The contrary from what the
gentleman wished was in practice every day. He
referred the gentleman to the whole organization
of the army and navy. The education sf those
who had to command must be begun somewhere.
In the navy, it was begun with the midshipman;
and in the army, with the eddet. If gentlemen,
with their Oregon ideas, would precipitate us into
a campaign in that territory, he wished to have
men of science to conduct it; for it really seemed
to him that they desired to conquer Oregon per fas
out nefas.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL advocated the West
Point academy. He contended that it was not
true that the cadets were educated for the
army. They were already in the s^my, and in it
educated asmuchasany soldier. It would be as
reasonable to cut off the pay of the soldiers com-
posing the army as of the cadets. He replied to
the objection that officers educated at West Point
had resigned, and pictured to tbe House the con-
duct of the gallant Dade and his compatriots who
fell in Florida, and who received their education
at West Point. He argued that the academy
had had an important influence upon the military
discipline of the country, as extended and improved
by those who had there received their education,
and retired to civil life.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Roosevelt, and lost without a division.
Mr. MALLORY offered an amendment, pro-
viding that no more cadets shall be appointed to
the military academy after the 1st of July next,
till otherwise ordered by Congress; and directing
the Secretary of War to report a plan to Congress,
at the next session, for the gradual reduction of
the expenses of ths military academy.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the
amendment, so as to reduce the number of cadets
to one hundred; but this motion was rejected-
ayes 27, noes 99.
Mr. A. C. DODGE offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That in alt cases of appointments of cadets to th®
West Point Academy, the individual selected shall be an actual
resident of the congressional district of the State or Territory
from which the appointment purports to be made.
This amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on the first clause
of ihe amendment, as proposed by Mr. Mallort,
and lost—ayes 44, noes 83.
The question was taken on the second branch of
the amendment, directing ihe Secretary of War
to report to Congress, at the next session, a plan
for the gradual reduction of tbe expenses of the
Military Academy at West Point; and lost—ayea
46, noes not counted.
Mr. AYCRIGG offered an amendment direct-
ing the Secretary of War to report a plan whereby
a person paying his own expenses may be educated,
at West Point: rejected.
Mr. TRIPLETT offered an amendment pro-
viding that hereafter there shall not be a board of
visiters at the West Point Academy. Carried—
ayes 89, noes not counted.
Mr. EVERETT offered an amendment providing
that the number of cadets shall be limited to tbe
number of Representatives in Congress; and that
each congressional district shall be entitled to
Pave one cadet, and no more, at the academy: car-
ried.
The amendment, as amended, was then agreed
to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered an amendment
providing that no money appropriated by this bill
shall bs applied to the payment of any larger sum.
of money to the officers of the General Staff, the
Quartermaster General's department, the Subsist-
ence and Purchasing departments, the Engineer
and Topographical bureaux, and Military Acad-
emy, &c., <fcc., than is now paid to the officers of
the same grade in the infantry, and that all laws
inconsistent with this proviso be repealed: rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the committee rises
rejected.
Mr. BARTON offered an amendment, providing
for the restoration of the civil, and the abolishment
of the military superintendences of the national
armories: rejected.
Mr. SPRIGG moved to strike out the whole
clause making appropriations for ordnance and
ordnance stores: rejected.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the committee
rose and reported the bill to the House.
The question then coming up on concurring in
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole,
