226
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the pre-
vious question; which was seconded by the House,
and the main question ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL moved that the House ad-
journ; which question was decided by yeas and
nays in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 67.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 31, 1843.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from citizens
of Maine engaged in the lumber trade, asking
Congress to levy "an increase in specific duty on
lumber imported into the United States from the
British colonies; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial, signed by
Benjamin J. Wood and others, citizens of New
York and New Jersey, remonstrating against the
repeal of the bankrupt law: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. WRIGHT presented two memorials—one
signed by 177, and the other by 213 citizens of
Lockport, in Niagara county, New York, remon-
strating against the repeal of the bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Judiciary Committee.
, Also presented a memorial from inhabitants of
Windsor, in Broome county, New York, praying
Congress to repeal the bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial, signed
by citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
recommending the issue, by the General Govern-
ment, of $200,000,000 of stock to the States and
Territories, based on the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, presented a memorial, numerously signed
by citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
Pa., urging upon Congress the propriety of some
action to restore Mr. Kendall to his personal liberty,
of which he has been deprived in consequence of
his faithful discharge of his duties as Postmaster
General of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial from
merchants and ship-owners of Portland, Maine,
praying Congress to make such alterations in our
commereial regulations with foreign powers, con-
sistent with treaty stipulation?, as will produce
greater reciprocity in trade: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from John
Dowling, attorney in fact, and administrator of
Patrick Grey, deceased, of Jo Daviess county, Illi-
nois, praying indemnity for a horse lost in the late
Black Hawk war: referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, presented a memorial from the city council
of Galena, Illinois, praying that that city may be
made a port of entry: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, presented a memorial from a number of
citizens of Peoria county, Illinois, praying for the
establishment of a post route from Peoria to Fulton
city, in Whiteside county, in that Slate: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented the petitions of Aaron Payne
and Wo. C. Murphy, praying for arrears of pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, presented the last report of the president
and board of canal commissioners of the Illinois
and Michigan canal; and the report of the Com-
mittee on Finance ia the Illinois Legislature, on the
subject of the canal; which were referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, having charge
of that subject.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
Alvm C. Goweli, representing that he invented a
great improvement m rockets, and other fire-works,
which had been adopted by the War Department;
and praying compensation for the same: referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House bill for the relit f
of Tirzah Hunt, reported the same back, wilh a
recommendation that it be indefinitely postponed.
The question was then nut on the motion for in ■
definite postponement, and carried in the affirma-
tive.
1 Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis.
| trict of Columbia, reported back, with an amend-
• ment, the bill for repairing and repaving Pennsyl-
| vania avenue.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill extending the charters of ihe several banks
in the District of Columbia; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back,' without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, House bill
entitled "An act for the relief of the Stcckbridge
tribe of Indians."
Mr. P. also reported, from the Committee on
Pensions, a bill granting a pension to David Welch;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KERR presented additional documents in
support of the claim of Elizabeth Dawkins; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Maine, instructing
the Senators and requesting the Representatives
from that State to vote for a bill unconditionally
refunding to General Jackson the fine so unjustly
imposed on him by Judge Hall of Louisiana;
which were read, and ordered to ba printed.
Numerous bills from the House, of a priva'e
character, which passed that body on Saturday
last, were taken up, read twice, and appropriately
referred.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which had been referred
the resolution of inquiry into the expediency of
having the Assistants Postmaster General appointed
by the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, reported a bill to amend the act enti-
tled "An act relative to the appointment of ihe As-
sistants Postmaster General of the United States;"
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred the memorial of
the members of the bar and other citizers of New
Jersey, on the subject of holding ihe United States
district courts at Trenton, instead of Burlington and
New Brunswick, reported a bill to alter the place
of holding the district court of ihe United States
for the district of New Jersey; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
shipowners of the city of New York, praying that
a floating dock, on the plan of Mr. Gilbert, may
be constructed at Brooklyn: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the joint
resolution to establish in the States of Kentucky
and Missouri agencies for water-rotted hemp, wa,v
taken up as in committee of the whole.
'* YOUNG remarked that it had been sug-
gested to him, by one of the Representatives from
Tennessee, that an agency should also be estab-
lished in that State, as a considerable quantitv of
hemp was raiwd there. He therefore moved to
insert one agent for Tennessee. He would also
make a similar motion in regard to the State of
Illinois, for hemp was raised in that State. In
reference to the hemp of Illinois, he would only
say that he had presented a specimen to the Navy
Department, and the Secretary remarked that it
was the best specimen ever presented there. He
was satisfied that in the State of Illinois if an
agency was established there, hemp would meet
with very extensive cultivation. He did not desire
to throw any obstacle in the way of the resolu-
tion; but, believing that th;re would be very small
additional expense incurred, if an agent were bp-
pointed to each of the States of Tennessee and Il-
linois, and not knowing of any objection to such
an amendment, he hoped it would be acquiesced
Mr. CRITTENDEN said,that the resolution, as
it now stood, only made provision for ihe two
Slates (Kentucky and Missouri) which were large-
ly engaged in ihe cultivation of this article, and in
the preparation of water-rotted hemp. He thought
it was time enough to create agencies in the other
two Stales proposed, when they shall have made
the same progress in the preparation of the article, j
Tde agencies would involve some expense. He
submitted, therefore, to the Senator from Illinois,
whether, under the circumstances, those States
having yet cultivated so limited a quantity of ths
article, and having made no progress in the water-
rotting process, it was necessary that agencies
should be established there immediately. When
the necessity arises for the creation of agencies in
those States, no Senator would be more ready to
vote for them than he would. He hoped the Sen-
ator from .Illinois would not jeopard the resolution
by moving, at this late stage of the session, an
amendment which would make it necessary to re-
turn the resolution for action in the other House.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana spoke also of the prog-
ress making in the State of Indiana in the cultiva-
tion of hemp, 400 acres of which had been planted
by one individual alone, and he was extensively
water-rotting it; and however desirable it might be
to have an agency in that State also, as ihe matter
then stood he would not embarrass the resolution,
at this stage of the session, wilh an amendment.
He was willing that agencies should be first estab-
lished in those States which had made greater
progress in the culture and preparation of the
article.
Mr. YOUNG remarked, that it was far from his
intention to embarrass the passage of the resolu-
tion. He did not know, at the time when he made
the motion, that the proposed agencies involved any
considerable expense. As the Senator from Ken-
tucky supposed the amendment might hazard the
passage of the resolution, he would withdraw it.
Mr. BENTON remarked that the two agencies
proposed in the resolution were general in their
character. The inspections and purchases by those
agents would not, therefore, be confined to the
hemp of the particular State in which they may
reside; but they can purchase the hemp ofTennes.
see and Illinois. These agpneies would be estab-
lished at such points on the rivets as would give
the greatest facility to the hemp-growers of all the
States.
Mr. KING did not understand what necessity
there was for such a resolution ss that now before
the Senate. He was not aware that any en-
couragement from the General Government for this
particular branch of farming was more called for
than would be proper for the growth of bread-
stuffs for the navy. It was the beginning of a
system of sending agencies from the General Gov-
ernment into the States, which would lead to such
results that the very gentlemen now advocating
this proposition would have to come forward the
first, themselves, for its repeal. A system of favor-
itism would grow up, (for these agents could not
help becoming the tools of influential men in local
districts,) which would result in the purchase
for the Government of the wors,t materials at
the highest price, until what they would select
would not be worth having. There could be no
better way devised fer supplying the navy with
hemp for cordage and cloth, than that which now
exists; whereby the Secretary of ihe Navy adver-
tises for proposals and samples, and decides upon
the best articles he wants, at the most favorable
prices. Let the farmers who choose to grow hemp^
for the navy compete with the foreign article, and
make it better and sell it cheaper, and it will insure
a market for so much as our navy may require.
All this should be done without this special inter-
ference on the part of the General Government.
Mr. ALLEN inquired of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] whether the Secretary
of the Navy had not the power already, under ex-
isting laws, to appoint agents to examine and pur-
chase hemp.
Mr. CRITTENDEN supposed he had. The
Senator from Alabama seemed to apprehend that
the agents that might be appointed in those two
States, under _ this resolution, would soon become
subjected to individual influence; and the conse-
quence would be the purchase ot worthless hemp
for the use of the navy. He asked that Senator
whether those agents would be more liable to indi-
vidual influence, or more likely to purchase a bad
article, than those officers employed at Boston or
New York by the Government, to make purchases
of the foreign article.
