CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KING-, They make their purchases by con-
tract, on samples.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, then, the agent
that makes the contract for the purchase, has to
examine the hemp; and is just as liable, through
individual influence, to purchase a bad article, as
the agencies, if established in Kentucky or Mis-
souri. To say that we cannot have a sufficient
agency, is to say that we are % race of dishonest
men. The Senator's argument was as much aa
argament against all human agency, as it was
against the agency proposed in the resolution. It
■was really surprising that the Senator from Ala-
bama apprehended no collusions and improper in-
fluences in the agents for purchasing the foreign
article in the Eastern ports. Mr. C. then
spoke at some length on the disadvantages to
the hemp-growers of the West, in consequence
of having to transport their hemp at a great
expense, after it is prepared, to the Boston
market, to undergo the inspection of the agent
there; which hemp is frequently condemned by
such agents, owing to the imperfect knowledge,
on the part of the growers of the article, of the
water-rotting process. The hemp thus condemned
is left without a market; and is then sold, at a
great sacrifice, for purposes of sacking. Now, if
these agencies were established in Kentucky and
Missouri, those engaged in the culture and prepara-
tion of the article would be saved at least the ex-
pense of transportation; for if the hemp was con-
demned at home, they would then manufacture it
into something else. He had no dcubt, if proper
encouragement was given our own people who
have turned their attention to the matter, sufficient
hemp—better than-the foreign article—could be
raised in the S'aie of Kentucky alone, to supply
the wants of the navy.
Mr. BAYARD spoke at some length on the pro-
priety of passing the resolution. He remarked that
the Senator from Alabama would perceive that,
unless some authority was given by the pas.sage of
such a resolution to establish agencies, no appro-
priation could be made for the object. The res-
olution was merely intended as a baMs to authorize
the insertion in the general appropriation bill of
an item to defray the expenses; v.hich could not be
done under the rule, which excludes from that bill
all appropriations except for objects authorized by
law. If the resoiuiirn was passed, still it remains
for Congress, after they shall have seen an estimate
ef the amount necessary to pay those agents and
make the purchases, to say whether they would
make the appropriation. Unless the appropria-
tion was wade, the resolution wouid remain as a
dead letter on the statute.
Mr. LINN expressed a wish that the question
would be taken without further debate; if that
was not done, he would move to pass the resolution
over till to-morrow.
Mr. McDUFFlE remarket1, that the resolution
involved a matter of some importance, and desired
that it might be postponed till to-morrow, to en-
able him to make a few remarks. Then,
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, the resolution
was passed over informally.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The unfinished debate on the question of pass-
ing the bill for the occupation and settlement of
the Territory of Oregon, came up as the special
order.
Mr. CALHOUN, being entitled to ihe floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for upwards of an hour in op-
position to the passage of the bill. Ths time and
circumstances he considered most nnpropitious for
urging this measure. It could lead to nothing but
the loss of the territojy, And he had a much
higher estimate of its value a ad importance than
his distinguished and eloquent colleague [Mi> Me-
Dbffie.] The exercise of our sovereignty over
it now, must inevitably lend to tesistance on the
part of Great Britain. Thr.t lesistance could
only result in our either retracting or main-
taining our position, Shcvld we have to re-
trace our steps, it would be to a position infi-
nitely worse than that we now occupy. Should we
persist, war must be the consequence. And what
could we expect from a struggle of that kind in a
region so distant, when everything would operate
favorably for our opponents, and to our own dis-
advantage? It must end in giving to Great Britain
the entire possession of the territory; and how th?n
could we regain a footing in it but by negodatios.?
Was it not better to have ths negotiation now in
amity, than after a contest, amid unkind feelings?
Mr. C. pointed out, at considerable length, the
consequences of a strife with England on this sub-
ject. He adverted to the unprepared condition of
this country for it. He considered our present
position the most safe, honorable, and advantage-
ous we could, under existing circumstances, ocqp-
py. It was so considered by every administration
since the convention of 1818. Time would do
"more for us than any legislation we could devise.
The rapid advance of our population in number
and progress westward, had been such within the
past thirty years, as to justify the calculation that
the period cannot be far distant when even the
Rocky Mountains cannot stop its onward march.
We gain strength by time. The British, on the
contrary, will be weakened by those circumstances
which will operate most favorably to us.
Mr. PHELPS could not concur in the views
taken by those Senators who had spoken in oppo-
sition to the principal provision of this bill—that
which proposes a prospective grant of lands to set-
tlers. He argued that the right of occupation by
our citizens was conceded in the admission that
we might extend our Territorial laws over the ter-
ritory. We could not have citizens to extend those
laws to, unless they had habitations to dwell in,
and lands to cultivate. The prerequisiie of occu-
pation was therefore implied. He took each pro-
vision of the bill successively, and maintained that
there could be nothing inconsistent with the treaty
in its purpose and objects. He read extracts from
the correspondence of Mr. Gallatin, to show that
the British ministers during their negotiation with
him, admitted that we might do everything we now
proposed to do by this bill. He dwelt at consider-
able length on the terms of the treaty, and the prop-
er definition of its provisions; and concluded by
expressing a hope that the bill in its present shape
would be supported by a majority of the Senate.
Mr. RIVES iniimated a desire to address the
Senate on the subject. He believed he had some
peculiar views, to which he would wish the atten-
tion of Senators might be directed; but the attend-
ance was so thin, at that late hour, that he should
ask the indulgence of the Senate to allow the bill
to be passed over informally till to-morrow.
Mr. LINN would not object, as the Senator from
Virginia desired a postponement, although he could
with that some further progress were made in the
matter this evening. He had risen to make a sin-
gle remark, which seemed to be called for, in con-
sequence of what had fallen from the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] He alluded lo
the circumstance of Mr. Monroe'* communication
relative to the building of a fortification at the
mouth of the Columbia river, for the protection of
our commerce. While up, he would say a word
in reference to the imputation of the introduction
of this bill by him being a rash measure. Now, he
contended there could be no objection to this bill
on the score of rashne>&; for he had urged the sub-
ject in 1838, and repeatedly since. He had yielded
to the experience and judgment of others, in re-
fraining to press it to a final vote, while the diffi-
culties with England were under negotiation. He
now believed it would have been better if he bad
not yielded to that course. Had he pressed the
matter forward, he believed the interests of this
country, in relation to the Oregon Territory, would
have been secured by this time, or at least would
stand upon a better footing than they now do.
Mr. CALHOUN replied, briefly, that although
he was Secretary of War in Mr. Monroe';: admin-
istration, and knew it was a wise and prudent ad-
ministration, he did not feel responsible for any of
the measures of his Cabinet in which he had not
taken part. As to the enforcement of this bill at
any period since it was first proposed, the true
question was, whether its provisions could be car-
ried out if Great Britain resisted them.
Mr. LINN said that, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia wished the subject to be passed over informal-
ly till to-morrow, he should make no objection to
that motion.
The bill was then passed over informally; and,
On motion of Mr. EVANS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 31, 1843.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL presented two petitions
of citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
in the State of Pennsylvania, setting forth that
''Amos Kendall, late Postmaster General of the
United States, is now confined wiihin the limits
of the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, in consequence of having withheld,
while Postmaster General, the payment of a sum
of money, said to have been due by the Post Office
Department to certain mail contractors, but which
he believed they were not justly entitled to; and
praying Congress to pass such a law as will restore
to the said Amos Kendall his personal liberty, and
remunerate him for the loss of time and expenses
incurred in defending the suits against him by the
aforesaid mail contractors."
Mr. MOORE presented the petition of Reuben
Drake, and 33 other inhabitants interested, praying
for the establishment of a post route from Natchi-
toches to Monroe, Louisiana.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of Silva-
nus G. Pressey, and 75 other merchants and ship-
masters of Deer Isle, Maine, for an appropriation
to improve the navigatiorf of Penobscot Bay; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
*. Mr. BOYD presented the memorial of D. A.
Green, and 88 other citizens of Southland, Ken-
tucky, asking an appropriation to remove obstruc-
tions to the navigation of the Mississippi, Ohio, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas rivers; which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
STATE OF THE FINANCES.
Mr. CLIFFORD asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire, and report to this House, what will be the
probable receipts into the treasury, during the residue of the
current year, from alt sources; and also what will be the
amount of charges upon the treasury during the same period;
and whether there will nnt be a deficiency to meet Ihe current
expenses, and, if so, its probable amount, and what measures
ought to be adopted to supply the necessary means.
Mr. STANLY objected to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. CLIFFORD thereupon moved a suspension
of the rules, in order to get it before the House.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON hoped the gentleman
from North Carolina would withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion to stipend the rules. They were ordered,
and resulted—yeas 88, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arnold, Arrington, Bidlac-k, Blact.
Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Burnell, William O
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Calhoun, Cary, Casey, Clifford'
Clinton, Cross, Cushmg, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Dean
. Doan, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, John G Floyd
Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gerry, Gwin, Harris, Hays!
Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J.lngersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack, William Cost Johnson,
John W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield. Lowell
Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKeun, Mallory, Marchand
Alfred Marshall, Mathews, Medill, Mitchell, Morris, Newhari
Oliver, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne, Pickens, Benjamin Ran-
dall, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Roosevelt, Sanford.
Saunders, Scwell, Shields, William Smith, Snyder, Steenrod
Sweney, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van Buren, Watterson
Weller, Westbrook, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, ani
Wood—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Sherlock J. An-
drews, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Barton, Blair, Boardman
Botts, Briggss, Brockway, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown
Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthors, Chittenden, Staley N. Clarice
James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Garrett Davis, John Edwards
Fillmore, Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Graham, Granger, Green.
Halsted, Hemy, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll James
Irvin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lane, McKennan, Samsoa
Mason, Maihiof, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether
Moore, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Ramsey, Rayner
Bencher, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, James M. Rus.
sell. Saltonstall, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton
Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T. Smart, Summers, Taliaferro!
Tillinghast, Toland, Trumbull, Warren, Edward D. White
Joseph L. White, Thomas W, Williams, Christopher H.'
Williams, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—76.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. J. YOUNG reported a bill for the relief of
