5130
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MERRICK replied to these several objec-
tions) and the bill was passed over informally till
to-morrow, the morning hour having expired.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The unfinished debate on the question of pass-
ing the bill for the occupation and settlement of the
Territory of Oregon came up as the special order.
Mr. RIVES, being entitled to the floor, addressed
the Senate for about an hour and a half in support
of the general objects of the bill, but in opposition to
the retention of the provision for a grant of lands.
He recognised and adopted to the fullest extent
the reasons so ably and eloquently enforced by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. L:nn,] in relation to
the national importance of the territory. He also
concurred with him in the opinion that our inter-
ests and onr rights must suffer irretrievably by any
further delay on the part of our Government to take
the necessary steps for the occupation of the terri-
tory by our citizens. With the exception of the
Mere formality of taking possession of Fort George,
(Astoria,) after the war, in 1818, our Government
never had done anything to obtain the occupation
we claim as our right, or even the joint occupation
in pursuance of the treaty. For nearly thirty
years—since the breaking up of Mr. Astor's estab-
lishment in 1813—we had been out of possession,
and the British Hudson Bay Company had been
allowed the exclusive occupation for all practical
purposes. However limited the views and^objects
of that company were for the first ten or* fifteen
years of this interval, it was in vain now to escape
the conviction that these views and objects have
been enlarged and extended so as to embrace agri-
cultural pursuits, and the permanent settlement of
selected portions of the territory. Pending the dif-
ficulties which had so long existed between Great
Britain and the United States, in relation to the
Northeastern boundary and other irritating subjects,
the postponement of this question of the occupation
and settlement of the Oregon Territory was, per-
haps, the best thing that could be done, under the
circumstances. How that these leading difficulties
have been so happily adjusted by the late treaty, it
seemed to be the proper time for taking some steps
on the part of our Government to preserve our
rights.
Mr. R. reviewed the whole history of olir title,
and showed that it took its origin in the original
charters granting to our ancestors the territory from
sea to sea—from the Atlantic to the Pacific. He
recapitulated the history of the Columbia river,
and all the arguments of title founded on discov-
ery; and from all these, he proved that we stood on
quite a different foundation from that on which
Great Britain would stand. We claimed the sove-
reignty as ours by right of discovery. But if we
neglected the condition of the laws of nations,
which requires that we s-hould follow up the dis-
covery by occupation, Great Britain might contend
that our neglect was a waiver of our right. The
terms of the existing treaty had, however, saved
our claim on the ground of discovery; but we could
no longer, with safety, refrain from some efficient
act of joint occupation, consistent with our obliga-
tions aud good faith undtfr the treaty. He consid-
ered the provisions of this bill, wiih the exception
of that proposed to be stricken out, were in strict
conformity with the spirit and meaning of the con-
vention, and such as would be perhctly unexcep-
tionable. He therefore would vote for the recom-
mittal of the bill; and if the provision for grants
of land fhould be stricken out, he would give
hearty support to the bill.
Mr. SEVIER hoped the Senator from Virgin a.
[Mr. Akcher] would modify his motion, which
he understood now was to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, so as to make
it to the committee of the whole.
Mr. ARCHER explained that, in consequence
of the select committee which rcpcr'ed the bill
having been discharged, he did not know what
other committee than one of the standing commit-
tee's the bill could be referred to. There was no
commutes of the whole.
Several Senators explained that in the Senate
there was not, strictly speaking, a committee of
the whole.
Mr. SEVIER said, if so, he would prefer hav;
ing the question taken on the passage of the bill in
its present form. On the motion to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Foreign Relations, he
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Considerable difficulty seemed to arise as to the
recommittal of the bill; most of the Senators who
had taken part in the discussion merely requiring
that the land provision should be stricken out, so
as to have a unanimous vote in favor of the bill.
But the call for the yeas and nays not being with-
drawn, the motion to recommit to the Committee
on Foreign Relations had precedence.
Mr. ARCHER having asked for a suggestion to
get out of the difficulty; and,
Mr. BUCHANAN having thrown out one, to the
effect that the recommital might be to a select
committee, admitting of the appointment of the
same gentlemen who were on the committer that
reported the bill, the motion to recommit to the
Committee on Foreign Relations was withdrawn.
Mr. ARCHER then moved to recommit the bill
to a select committee.
Mr. BENTON, on the question of recommittal
being put, obtained the floor; but the hour being
late, the subject was passed over informally.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN,
The Senate went into executive session; and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 1, 1843.
Mr. CHARLES J. 1NGERSOLL presented a
petition of citizens of Philadelphia, Pa., for the
passage of such a law as will restore Amos Kendall
to his personal liberty, of which he has been de-
prived in consequence of a judgment obtained
against him for certain of his official acts while
Postmaster General of the United Stales.
Mr. RIDGWAY presented a memorial, signed
by 35 citizens of Columbus, Ohio, petitioning Con-
gress to repeal the law by which the summer term
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States were removed from Columbus to Cincinnati:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial, signed by toe members of the
bar and other citizens of Marion, Marion county,
Ohio, (in all 67,1 of the same character, and the
same reference made.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Maine, instructing
the Senators and requesting the Representatives of
that State to use iheir influence to procure the pass-
age of a bill unconditionally refunding to General
Jackson the fine, with interest and cost, imposed
on bita by Judge Hall.
[These resolutions passed the Senate of Maine
by a unanimous vote, and by a vote of two to one
in the House of Representatives "]
The Hun. Mr. Crawford, successor to the
late Mr. Habersham of Geoigia, was this morning
sworn, and took his seat.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS submitted the follow-
ing resolution; and it was adt pted:
Jlesoked, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to this
House the number, c!a«ee«, ami compensation vi eveiy desenp-
tion of the oilicci^, awl a!! other persons connoted with the
collection of thejcvc.'ues, m the employment of ihe United
Wtafes, at the following port*, viz Poitkmd, Bus-too, Kde.ip,
Nrvvhuiypmt. New London, Philadelphia, Baltimore, \'rv, foil-,
Ciiailes'ori, Mobile, ?nil New Orleans, on the Kt day of Jami-
;uj, 1543, aM on tiii Ipc i!ay of January, ]S'-iD 1 eppetlively;
 n<i that he also lefOi t tlus amount of revenue coIU cted
ateachof thosepnr's for the two yccr< preceding tUn?e dates,
Mr. BOA. RDM AN offered the following resolu-
tion; and it was agreed to:
Henohed, That the "Postmaster General be directed to lepoit
to this House how for- has expended the appropriation made
at the gf<?sion of Concre^ for the purchase of the srouur's
a 'lament to the ficnoval Post Olftcc bui'dmff: what use hern
made of the proueny pm chased; and whatner, m hisopimon, it
is nectary andexpedienf for the Government to purchase the
.rerrMinder of the grounds ot the squaie.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose to a privileged
question; and, having obtained the floor, moved a
reconsideration of the vote taken yesterday, by
which the army appropriation bill was passed.
His object was to move a resolution, if the'llouse
should agree to reconsider the vote, to recommit
the billto the Committee of Ways and Means, with
instructions to strike, from it every item which
could be dispensed with, without detriment to the
public service. For the three several days that the
House went into Committee of the Whole on this
bill, the entire time of the House was taken up.
with a discussion of some two cr three minor
point?; while every gentleman knew, he presumed,
that this bill contained a large amount of appro-
priations—something like $5,000,000. During that
debate, the question was asked, (but never an-
swered by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means,) what amount of revenue was
expected for the coming yeai? * If he could now
get the ear of the chairman of that committee, he
would again ask what amount was expected to be
received during the coming year.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was too hoarse to ad-
dress the House; but, if the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi would come to his de«k, he would show
him what the Secretary o£ the Treasury expected,
from a document which that officer had furnished
to the House. The honorable gentleman made some
other observations, which did not reach the report*
er's desk.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. Prom the esti-
mates laid before them, it «as evident the Secreta-
ry had greatly erred inhis estimate. He had antici-
pated $16,000,000 from customs, when it was
evident the sum could not exced §12,000,000, and
by many not more than $10,000,000 was expected.
The Secretary of the Treasury had also estimated
that §2,700,000 would accrue from th<? sales
of the public lands; but in his (Mr. Thompson's)
estimation, that was also a mistake; for he did not
believe that more then a million and a half of dol-
lars could be realized from the public land**. From
the papers of this morniEg, it appeared that the
officers of the Government had succeeded in bor-
rowing §5,000,000; but in the fiscal year 1844, if
they gave no po^erto ti e Secretary or the Pres-
ident to borrow r.ior", they would have a deficit
amounting to $7,000,000 or $8,000 000. Wow he
v, as one of ihoie who, m his private relations,
adopted this system—
Mr. JAMES COOPER rose, and asked if it was
in order to discujs the subject at this time.
The SPEAKER was understood to reply that
the gentleman from Mississippi was it! order.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed. If they had no
means of raising money, what should be the policy
of this Government1! They had attempted to bor-
row; and in tbat attempt they had failed. [Cries
of "No,lio, no !"] Abroad, thuy were disgraced
and dishonored. They had succeeded, it was true,
in now borrowing a sum of monej; but who did
not feel that th?y were disgraced by the manner in
which it bad been done? It surely was not a mat-
ter of felicitation; and be hoped there would be no
further attempts to borrow; and he was willing so
to make the sppfopration-. ai to avoid that neces-
sity. And he wished to put this question as a test
vote, Tvhetiwr g.*ntl< ittn v. cold so make the appro-
priations fs to avoid the additional necessity of bor-
rowing money.
E5r. DODGF. of Iowa asked the gentleman
from Mi.-'i&hippt to let the question of r-'oon ii!er-i-
tien go o>-cr to ar.othrr dtiy, that this day and to-
morrow be drvoted to Ternto-.ial business,
which \ias the r^e.-iai or Itr for those days. Yes-
terday, rrn-ch :f tbe time vas eousamc.t m the dis-
cus'ion of a question m re!s>tion to land in Illinois
e.nd the y !>:!;; tiisd l'o trusted 'hat the remain-
ing ttmr: s <: p_ian for Tern.enal business would be
given to it.
Mr. THOMPSON eg id he was quite willing to
assent to ■'!;*-'! en ar^'-ig.-'Kient.
Mr. SAMSON KA.SOINT hoppd ihe motion of
the gentierntM) froji Missi^ifipi would be disposed
of this mor'tng, fcr it was very desirable that the
House s'-'Oiu,! tfke find action on this bill as soon
as possible, it rnicht ro to the Senile.
Mr. THOMPSON r.iid he had but a very few
remarks mwe to make. I: w*s not his intention
to make a speech; he merely wished to eal! the at-
tention of the House to the fact, that 11 they pro-
ceeded this to make appropriations, they should
look to the necessary consequence? of such a
cour-e, Laet year, tbey pass-ed a hill called the
