Congressional globe.
Reding, Rancher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, William RusSell,
Saunders, Shields, William Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, Summers,
Jacob Thompson, Triplet^ Turney, Underwood, Van Buren,
Wallace, Weller, Weetbrook, and Christopher H. Williams.
-—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Sherlock J. Andrews, Aycrigg,
Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah Brown,
Burnell, Calhoun, Thos. J. Campbell, Childs, Chittenden,
John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, .Cowen,
Cranston, Cashing, Dawson, John Edwards, Ferris, Feseen-
den, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Thomas F. Foster, Gates,
Giddings, Granger, Green, Gustine, Henry, Holmes, Howard,
Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W.
Irwin, James, William Coat Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, Keim,
John P. Kennedy, King, McKennan, MaJlory, Thomas F.
Marshall, Samson Mason, John Thomson Mason, Mathiot,
"Mathews, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mayoard, Morgan, Morris, Mor-
row, Oliver, Parmenter, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey,
B-Randall, Ridgway, Roosevelt, J. M. Russell, Saltonstall, San-
ford, Sewell, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton,
A. H. H. Stuart, J. T. Stuart, Taliaferro, John B. J hompson,
Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trum-
bull, Ward, Warren, Edward I). White, Joseph L. White,
Joseph L. Williams, Winthrap, Wise, Wood, Yorke, and
John Young—103.
So the motion to lay the subject on the table was
rejected.
The question was then taken on the demand
for the previous question, and carried—ayes 82,
noes 74.
Mr. TURNEY then called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question; which were ordered,
and resulted in yeas 90, nays 95.
So the House refused to order the main ques-
tion, and
The SPEAKER said that it would have to lie
over till to-morrow.
CAPTURE OF MONTEREY. *
Mr. ADAMS offered the following resolutions
jResolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House by what amhonty, and under
whose instructions, Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, com-
mander of the squadron of the United States in the Pacific
ocean, did, on or about the I9th of October last, invade in war-
like array the territories of the Mexican Republic, take posses-
sion of the town of Monterey, and declare himself commander
of the naval and military expedition for the occupation of the
Californias.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to communicate to this House copies of all the instructions
given by him, or under his authority, to the saul Captain Jones,
irom'the time of his appointment to the command of the said
equadronj also, copies of all communications received from
him relating to his expedition for the occupation of the Califor-
nias; and, also, to inform this House whether oiders have been
despatched to the eaid Captain Jones, recalling him from Ins
command.
Mr. GRANGER moved the previous question.
Mr. WISEhopsd the gentleman from New York
would withdraw his motion, to enable him to make
a statement. He had a statement in his hand from
Commodore Jones himself.
Mr. GRANGER .suggested to the gentleman
from Virginia that he might send that statement to
the chair, and have it read by the Clerk.
Mr. WISE said he would not let it go out of his
bands, unless the gentleman from New York would
withdraw the motion for the previous question.
Mr. GRANGER did not accede to the propo-
sition.
The previous question was then seconded—93
voting in the affirmative, and 70 in the negative.
Mr. WISE now called for the orders of the day
—the morning hour having expired.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The Territorial business being- (he special order
for this day,
Mr. LEVY moved that the Hou<e resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole thereon; which was
agreed to, and Mr. J. R, Ingersoll was called lo
the chair.
On the motion of Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin,
the committee took up a bill to authorize the elec-
tion and appointment of officers of ihe Territory of
Wisconsin! which, on his motion, was amended,
and laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin then moved that ihe
committee take up the bill for ihe protection of
commerce on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested some imma-
terial amendment; which was asreed to.
Mr MERIWETHER asked what the amount
was, which this bill proposed to appropriate.
The Clerk was underslood to retly that it was
083,000.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY advocated the bill, which
was intended to appropriate money for the con-
struction of harbors, which the commerce of the
lakes so much required.
Mr. MERIWETHER contended that this ap-
propriation should have formed part of the general
appropriation bill. He was opposed to this division
of the appropriations.
Mr. BLACK also opposed the bill. He said he
did F.ot do soon ihe ground of the extravagance of
its appropriation. He would not stop to inquire
into the amount appropriated in the bill. He
looked to a higher question involved in this - btiS.
He looked to ihe question as to the right of the
Federal Government to carry on internal improve-
ments. He had always opposed such improve-
ments by the General Government, wherever the
improvement might lie—wheiher in his own State
or elsewhere. He regarded opposition to internal
improvements by the Federal Government as one
of the most substantial teneis of the Republican
failh.
Mr. POPE rose, and advocated the bill. He
did not regard this as a constitutional question, but
merely as one of expediency. He replied to vari-
ous objections urged against the bill.
Mr. ROOSEVELT rose to make a single inqui-
ry. How much would it cost to complete the sev-
eral harbors, since what was proposed to be appro-
priated in this bill was only a beginning? [A voice:
"Less than the New York custom-house."]
Mr. H. DODGE stated that an estimate had
been made by the Topographical bureau of the
whole cost of the several harbors, and the amount
was §171,000. He ihen proceeded to address ihe
commitiee in favor of the bill. Unwilling as he
was to oblrude himselfupon the House, (knowing
ibe delicate relation in which delegates from ihe
Territories stood, and also knowing ihe importance
of the time of the House,) he should say but little
on the subject. It was, indeed, true that but little
time was given to the business of the Territories
on yesterday; when the army bill was passed, it
wanted a quarter of 2 o'clock; and when the House
adjourned, it was a quarter past 3. Thus, only
one hour and a half was given to the Territories
on that day; and yet to-day the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] again manifested a
disposition to lay the heavy hand .of power upon
us!
He proceeded to reply to various objections
urged against the appropriation?. The estimates
for the harbors were made five years ago; and
since that time, the memorials of the Legislature
of Wisconsin bad been continually presented to
Congress. Numerous memorials had also come
here from Ohio, New York, Indiana, and Illinois 
all asking the same object. It was a matter of
vital importance; and though some gentlemen here
might think lightly of everything that concerned
the Territories, he trusted it would be viewed in
the proper light, and that justice would be done.
It had been asked why this bill was without a
report. He would answer, that early in the ses-
sion he consulted wi'.h the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, [Mr. J. P. Kennedy,] and
that gentleman thought it was best to report a bill
identical with ihe bill of last session. The esli-
taat-s for the completion of these harbors were
made in 1837, and their aggregate was $228 000;
since lhat time, the p.ice of lumber, of provision;-,
and of labor bad fallen. Plank, which then cost
§50, could now be bousht for $15. So with other
things which would be used. The actual expense,
then, of the whole three harbors, he thought could
not jxceed $171,009.
As to ihe cotisliluiional objection to the appro-
priations, he would say lhat objections of this kind
however applicable to ap; ropriations for internal
improvements m ihe S'ates, could not apply to t'-,e
Territories. The Territories wc.re Ihe prepeny
of the National Government; and all they ask-
ed was that justice might be done. Alresdy had
the Territory of Wisconsin paid into the ir.-asury
near $3,000,000 from sales of public lands wiihin it.
Tne mere piltance of2i r cent, upon th*3 reve-
nue there collected, would complete the harbors
asked for. They were important to the Territory
and to its increasing exports. The Secretary of
War had called attention to their importance in a
national point of view. (Here Mr. D. read from the
report of the Secretary of War.) In case of a war
with England, what, he asked, would be our condi-
tion? Where could our troops be landed in that
section of the country?—settled by a hardy, enter-
prising and intelligent population, which would
be soon sufficient for it to become a State. Its im-
provement was important to the Atlantic States.
He referred to the risk of life at present incurred
by all who navigate the lakes—life which was
above all price. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Meriwether] he thought, would not have
been so ardent in his opposition to the bill, had he
been in some of the storms last November upon
the lakes, where the people of Wisconsin were
liable to be wrecked on their own shores. He
described the storms which often arose on the
lakes, and tlie dangers which the people ha3 to en-
counter. They had risked everything in h&king
their settlements. Should they, then, be only regarded
as step-children, thrown aside, and their interests
not attended to?
He availed himself of the occasion to do justice
to several gentlemen nsw on that floor, who had
enlisted in behalf of Wisconsin, when their ser-
vices were so effective in defending her territory
from devastation—Messrs. Reyholds, Casey, and
Stuart of Illinois. It was due to those gentlemen
lo say that they had continued to be friendly to his
people.
Afier referring to the fact that the Committee of
Ways and Means had reported a bill appropria-
ting $60,000 for the hatbor of Chicago, and
$642,000 for harbors generally, he begged that his
Territory might not be thrown off, whilst other parts
of the Uaion were so well provided for. ■ All that
his constituents wanted was aid to enable them to
develop the resources of their section of the coun-
try.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON observed that the
bill would meet his approbation, provided one
amendment should be made. The clause for a
harbor at Milwaukie provided that the harbor
should be consirucicd at the mouth of the river.
Now, as he understood that there was a much
better location, where nature had almost formed a
harbor, he moved to amend the bill, by providing
that the location of the harbor should be selected
under ihe direction of the Secretary of War; thus
leaving the question open.
Mr. H. DODGE acquiesced in the suggestion.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said, as the fiscal year
had been changed, he wished to haye ihe bill so
amended, to distribute the appropriations accord-
ingly—directing a portion to be expended during
the half-calendar year ending June 30, 1843, and
the remainder during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1844. He wished to have the several sums
divided accordingly.
Tne amendment was agreed to.
The bill (no further propositions to amend hav-
ing been submitted) was then laid aside to be re-
ported.
Mr. LEVY moved to take up the bill making
appropriations for certain rotids and the improve-
ment of cer'ain rivers in ihe Territory of -Florida;
which v;:s agreed to.
Mr. W. V/. IK WIN offered an amendment to
strike out the Escambia river, and insert the
Choctuh-'tichie, so as lo mafro ihe appropriaiion for
the ireprovtment of the latter river instead of the
former: carried.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved io strike out the
appropriation of $12,000 for the road commencing
on ih" Apalpch cola, and suggested the inexpe-
uiency oi m:\lnng such large appropriations for
objects tbat could be dispensed with in the present
state cf our finance?.
Mr. LEVY explained, and defended the appro-
priat'orj; and Ihe vole being ta'uen,
The amendment of Mr. Johnson was rejected,
aet| the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Ca motion by Mr. LEVY, th? committee took
up the bill o-ak'r.g appropr^aiions for ihe comple-
tion of the public buildings in ihe Territory of
inorida; and, after some explanations by Mr. L., it
was also laid aside to be reported.
On motion by Mr. LEVY, the bill making ai)
