CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
appropriation of $5,000 for a law library for the
Territory of Florida, was taken up.
Mr. ROOSEVELT briefly opposed the bill; and
After some remarks from Messrs. BLACK,
PROFFIT, and LEVY, the question was taken
on reporting the bill to the House; and it was
lost.
On motion by Mr. LEVY, the bill making an
appropriation for the erection of a marine hospital
at Key West, was Uken up.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. .
Mr. LEVY made some remarks, explaining and
advocating the bill, and in opposition to the mo-
tion.
Tellers were demanded on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cave Johnson]
to strike out the enacting clause; and Messrs. R. W.
Thompson and Houston were appointed; and they
reported 45 in the affirmative,'and 68 in the nega-
tive—being less than a quorum.
A motion was made that the committee rise;
which was negatived—ayes 58, noes 64. As this
division proved that a quorum was in attendance,
the committee returned to the consideration of the
motion of Mr. C. Johnson to strike out the en-
acting clause.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion, and the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa moved to take up bill No.
382, entitled "A bill for the construction of certain
roads and a canal route in the Territory of Iowa;"
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. D. then moved the following amendment, to
be inserted in lieu of the bill as it now stands:
That the sum of fifty thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the treasury noi oth-
erwise appropriated, to continue the removal of the obstruc-
tions to the navigation of the Mississippi nver, at the Des
Moines and Rock River rapids, in said river, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War during that por-
tion of the year 1S43 when most good can be effected by the
same.
This object Mr. D. advocated, and supported his
advocacy by reading extracts from certain memo-
rials from the Territories, and from a message of
Governor Chambers to the Territorial Legislature
at its last session.
The debate was continued by Mr. CAVE JOHN-
SON, Mr. DODGE of Iowa, and Mr. SPRIGG.
Mr. POPE advocated the appropriation as con-
templated for a useful object. The trade was very
important; and it would be needless to endeavor to
arrest these expenditures. They would be made;
for the removal of the obstructions in the Western
rivers had been commenced, and the continuance
of it was only like repairing a road. He regretted
the low state of the treasury; yet the fault he at-
tributed to others—to the striking out of tea and
coffee, as dutiable articles, from the tariff bill, by the
Senate.
Various gentlemen expressed a desire to spealt;
but
Mr. G. JOHNSON moved (hat the committee
rise; which motion was carried.
The committee then rose, and reported the sev-
eral bills noticed as laid aside to be reported.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to amend the act of 1838,
granting pre-emption rights to certain settlers: read
twics, and refeired to the Committee of the Whole
House,
Mr. POPE, from the Committee on Territories,
reported "A bill concerning the Legislative As-
sembly of "Wisconsin:" read twice, and refeired to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER, at the suggestion cf Mr. Fill-
more, laid before the House a confidential com-
munication m lelation to certain frauds alleged to
have been committed upon the Cherokee tribe of
Indians. The message (without being opened or
read) was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, in
answer to a resolution calling for information in
relation to the repair of the Potomac bridge: re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the 30th
section of the act of 1836, a detailed statement of
the condition of the Chickasaw fund: referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution calling for infor-
mation in relation to the pay of seamen and others:
laid on the table, and orderedito be printed.
Also, the annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRIGGS submitted a motion to print 5,000
extra copies; which was objected to, and lies
over.
Mr. GRAHAM offered the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of paying John Phagan for ser-
vices he rendered the United States, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, in Florida, among the Seminole Indians.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 2, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro lent, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the third
section of the act of 30th April, 1836, an exhibit
of the condition of the several trust funds arising
out of the treaties with the Choctaw Indians; which,
on motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Indiana—one rehting to
the construction of a harbor at Michigan city; and
another asking an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Wabash river; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BATES presented two petitions from Ips-
wich, Massachusetts—one signed t>y Daniel Weed
and 26 others, praying for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; and the other, signed
by W. W. Graves and 25 others, for the abolition
of slavery generally.
Objection was made to their reception; and,
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the question of
reception was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented memorials from the
city council and cilizens of Natchez, Mississippi,
praying the establishment of a naval armory and
dock-yard at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHOATE presented petitions from Isaac
Hall and Thomas Curtis, merchants of Bosion,
praying the payment of a sum of money retained
by the United States consul in the Isle of France—
being part of the proceeds of a vessel owned by
them, which was condemned and sold as unsea-
woriby: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONBAD presented a petition from F.
Denon and others, purchasers of public lauds in
Louisiana, praying that patents may be issued to
them for other lands in lieu (>f those entered, which
proved to be within the limits of previous grants;
which was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that $200,000,000
of stock, founded on the public domain, any be
issued by '.he Government to the Stales and Terri-
tories, in a rep eseniative ratio; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. 8. also piesented a memorial, signed by 750
ladies of Philadelphia, (and, to judge from their
signatures, very de'icate and fair ladies,) praying
that Congress may exercise their constitutional
right, and abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumb:a.
Mr. BERRIEN objected to its reception; sm<!,
cn motion, the question of reception was laid on
the table.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Secretary of the 4
Senate the petition of Elisha Bentley for a pen-
sion.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the documents on the
files of the Senate relating to the proposition to
purchase the patent of Captain Shreeve for his
snag boat, were ordered to be taken therefrom, and
referred to the Committee on Patents having charge
of the bill for that purpose.
Mri GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, the bill from the
House for the relief of Andrew Fisher, and the bill
for the relief of William W. Street.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from the
board of trade of the city of Baltimore, on the
subject of the depressed state of the shipping in-
terest, which the memorialists attribute to the want
of reciprocity in our treaty stipulations with for-
eign powers, and ask legislation on the subject:
referred to the Committee on Commeice, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was' discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of William
Wynn, and it was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. CONRAD, the petition and
documents of Charles Dehault Delassus were or-
dered to be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill making further appro-
priations for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. P. also, from the Committee on Patents, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Robert B. Lewis;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HENDERSON, from ihe Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read, and ortlered to a second reading,
viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Wm. Fisher;
and
A bill granting a tract of land to Villeneuve Le-
blanc, in consideration of the benefit derived to
the public lands from his services in damming the
mouth of False nver.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which had been referred the report
of the Secretary of the Navy on the subject of the
payment of naval pensions since the 16th of Au-
gust, 1841, reported a bill respecting the payment
of invalid pensions to officers of the naval and
marine service of the United State?; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting the annual statement of ths appropri-
ations in that department for the service of the
year 1842—showing the balance of appropriations
on the 1st of January, 1842, the repayments and
transfers in 1842, the amount appl cable to the
service of 1842, &c., &e.; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the support of the army and rhilitary academy
for 1843 and 1844, was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the unfinished business of the
morn:ng hour of jes'erday, being the bill to pre-
vent the employment of private expresses upon
mail routes, and for the prevention of frauds upon
(he revenues cf the Post Office Department—the
question pending being the ?.mendment proposed
by Mr Pobtek, to Mrike cut of the securd and fifth
sections tba words "or other mailable matter what-
ever;" the effect of which proposition would be, if
adopted, to permit all mailer, exctpt letters, to be
convejed bv private expresses.
Mr. MERRICK expressed the hope that the Sen-
ate would not, consent to adopt the amendment, be-
came, if it was adopted, the p.ood anticipated from
the measure would be defeated. It was important
that it should be retained, in order that ihe depart-
ment may collect and receive all the revenues to
which it was entitled, inconsequence of the expense
which it is compelled to incar in making prepara-
tions to carry such mr.tter as is by law chargeable
with postage. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Porteh] seemed to think on yesterday, that it was
