S3 4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
unimportant to the department to have a monopoly
of carrying newspapers and pamphlets in the mails.
He (Mr. M.) admitted that it would be unimpor-
tant if the department was not compelled to incur
the expense for carrying them.
He bad, since yesterday, made an inquiry of the
Post Office Department as to the amount of reve-
nue di rivable from these sources. He had been
informed that a communication had been just re-
ceived from New York by the Postmaster General
upon this very subject. The communication was
from an authentic source, and gave statistics as to
the effect upon the revenues of the department, by
permitting the privileges exercised by those private
expresses, of conveying, by railroads and steam-
boats, matter which properly belonged to the mails.
The Senate might be enabled to see the loss on
newspaper postage alone, fiom the fact, as stated
in that communication, that 28,000 newspaper
sheets were sent to New York daily, outside of the
mail; the postage on which, if transmitted through
the mail, would cost about $320 per day, or $99,850
per year. That wa3 the amount of which the de-
partment was deprived, at that point, of newspa-
per postage only, by the facility which was permit-
ted these private expresses on the regular mail
routes. If they allowed these persons thus to ap-
propriate that enormous sum of money, which
rightly belonged to the department, to their private
uses, and, at the same time, compel the depart-
ment to incur the expense of carrying the mail, it
would soon be found that the Government would
have to sustain that department cut of the common
treasury, and tax the people therefor.
Mr. M. said that the same evil-: exist to the
same extent in other ci iesof the United State=, as
in the city of New York, in proportion to the ex-
tent of their commerce and population. If, there-
fore, it was desirable to preserve to the people the
comfoits, convenience, ?nd advantages which were
offered by the mails of the United State*, without,
at this unpropi'ious time, letting that department
fall a burden on the common treasury, those evils
should be speedily modified or removed. The
Postmaster General had informed him that lie
made a contract with a certain railroad company
for transporting the mails between the cities of
Baltimore and Philadelphia, f■> r which he pa", s
the annual sum of $20,000; and in a week aiur
the contract was entered into, that company put
on their line another car for the transporla'ien of
the express, cariying matter wlrch properly be-
longed to the United States mail, which they had
contracted to carry: thus receiving double pay for
carrying the same matter—that is, $20 000 It r the
department, and probably iome §20,000 or
$30,000 for,the extra ear; and enabling tho e privute
individuals to come into competition with 'he Gov-
ernment, and by fraud to pocket the postage which
belonged the department. This flagrant outrage
on the rights oi the depirment v.;>s practised
wiikin two hours ride oflhat Capitol.
He had no doubt thai the to the depigment
of postage on newspapers a'one, by those private
expresses—which were now es ablisi'e!, or being
establi-hed between ad the en rmercial cities m
the Union, and most profiu-ble joa'i --—would
amount to §300,1)00 anniuiiy. T!:e dTannent
would have to come toadcs.d halt, irolosv Con-
gress idterprse, and lwK'aie cffeciiiMly ord
efficiently to g>ard ihe revenue'; of the depart-
ment.
He then replied to 'he complaints or the Pptior
from Connecticut, [Mr. iIcnungt'ij,-,] i:-.;-.!. by the
piovisions of tin* bill, pticksrc-'-' < *' p.oniy .ird 1 i'i.s
of exchange belnn;'iiig to the nretcK'tits vooH be
liable to "postage; remarking that 'he P..-M Oflice
Depaitment was establish'; t prineif rJiy i.-r ihe
benefit of the commercal co-oimumiy, ond if t'-.py
conspired to break through these arrangements,
(as had been intimated) ?nd, ccnseqr.cntly,
to break down the department, why, then, "it
would have to fall. If they were not Willing
to pay for the mail faci'iijes granted to the®,
the dcp?runent could ir-t be carried on at
all. He maintained that it was expedient and "f
necessary that fie commercial interest should con-
tribute in fair proportion to support the department,
by paying for their packages of money and bill;
of exchange, if they were transmitted by mail.
They, however, had the privilege of sending pack-
ages of money by private individuals, or by spe-
cial express, if they thought proper to do so at
their own expense; but could not send ihem by those
regular express lines. With a view to accommo-
date the bill as far as possible to the suggestions
of Senators, and to define, in specific terms, what
was mailable matter, he moved the following
amendment, to ccme in as an addi ional section to
the bill, viz:
And be it further enacted, That all "mailable matter," and
matter propeily uansmissibie by mail, shall be deemed and
taken to meaa all tetters and newspapers, and alt magazines
or pamphlets periodically published, and all written and printed
matter whereof each copy or edition shall not exceed one pound
in weighl, but bound books of any si/.e shall not be held to be
included within the meaning of this term; and any packet or
packets, ol whatever size, being made up of any stich mailable
matter, shall subject alt persons concerned in transporting the
same to all the penalties of this law, equally as if it or they
had not been made up into packets or packages.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought that Senators
would all agree in or.o thing—that it was nece^ary
and proper to put an er.d, in some form, to these
private expresses. Unless this was done, the rev-
enues from postage would not sustain the Post
Office Department; and the Government would be
obliged lo sustain it at she expense of the common
treasury. In the suggestions he made on yesterday,
concerning the transmission of packages of mosey
by the mercantile class, he did not wish to be un-
derstood as des'ring that that class should be spe-
cially prgtected in this bill He then went on to ar-
gue that ihe merchants ehould not be compelled to
risk their money, bills of exchange, and other val-
uable evidences of debt, through the mail; but
ought to be permitted to transmit them in a more
secure and cheap manner, if these facilities wrre
afforded by those private expresses. If the com-
mercial community were compelled to place such
packages 111 the mail, they would be taxed much
heavier than they were now taxed. He then went
onto aigue that the provisions of the bill to sup-
press the transmission of papeis ont of the mail
could not be enforced; that some means would bi
invented to evade themjand that it would be unless
to attempt to tnfoice them.
Mr. KERRIGK replied, expressing the opinion
the t ii tie bill was passed, it would save to the <le-
partment, in die course of a year, at least ^ 1,000,-
000; and afford means to extend gieater facilities to
distant and sparsely populated portions of the
Union, and also to reduce the rates of postage on
letters. He concluded by moving that the amend-
ment be printed; xvhich was agreed to.
The tall wr>q then passed by informally; the time
for proceeding to the orders of the day having rr-
rueel.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The special order brought up the unfinished de-
bate on the question of p'ssin;r the bill tor the
occupation and settlement of the Orcg"U Ten > tore™
the motion pending b-ing 'hat of recommit'ins'he
bill to a se|. ct committee.
Mr. BENTON, who wis entitled to the fl 'or
from yeMerocy eveiiinp, tddressed the "Senate Or
upwards of two hours in suppcit of the bill in its
picert foim.
There win one point on which every Senator
who Lad}!', -pokui c cum d—that the tit'e to ihe
Terri'ory vsirc ibe Um'cJ Sates. The land be-
ing our prope.ty, ire have an nnqurft.o-able ru'it
to make v.hiitever u-e oi i' ts desire. It is cnouVh
for ns to know we r.-p right, for ts to do whatever
we thin:; it is our be~t interest to do r.ith our rsn
property. Koboay has a rn'nt v bp edeideo at
this. If r.ny etr-rr poser akrscffeiue at whs! vc
propo;? to do wi it our own pro,'City, tha' should
be no rea^oa \v!>y v,e s'-ouid net d > it. The ?o;ne
aruimtnis ered on this occssion to tie up cur
hands from tloir.g an',ti.ieg lest it might provoke
a collision with anodier poser, had been pinlscd
quite as iar v.hen General Jackson d-tormmed to
uoon our rights from France. Yet, because
Gen. Jackson was right, be p°rsis'ed; and :he result
was contrary to the predictions of the timid—-w  ob-
:• tained our right, and there was no collision. Were
we new to pursue the same course, we would
maintain our right too, and there would be no col-
lision, But even if there should be war in con-
sequence of our doing what we have an un-
questionable right to do with our own property:
that should not stop us. We know we are right,
and we leave the consequences of maintaining our
right in the bands of Him who sides with justice.
It had been said that we should leave our cause
to lime—that time was our best negotiator. "What
had we ever gained by time? What had we ever
gained by negotiation? In every instance that either
had been tried between us and Great Britain, she
had come off ihe g'.iner, and we the loser. It had
been so with regard to the Oregon Territe-ry: it had
beer, so wiih regard to the Northeastern boundary.
At first, all that England asked in relation to the
Northeastern boundary, was a variation of the line,
so as to give her a right of wav at all seasons be-
tween Quebec and Halifax. When we would not
agree to that, she offered to purchase as much ter-
ritory as she wanted. That offer being rejected, her
pretensions began to take root, and she had culti-
vated them so assiduously ever since, that at last she
placed herself in a position to acquire more than
ten times as much as she at first asked. And in the
treaty of 1842, our Secretary-negotiator gave her
everything she desired. So with the Northwestern
boundary line between the Lake of the Woods and
Lake Superior she began by asking a revision of
the line. Our negotiators were so astonished at
even this boldness, that they had to ask the British
minister to repeat the request, thinking there must
be some mistake. But there was none, though the
demand was made in the gentle language of a re-
quest that there might be a revision of the line. It
was refused; but on that very request grew up her
pretensions, till, in the Webster treaty of 1849, our
Secretary-negotiator gave her everything she de-
manded; brought her back fifty miles from the
post to which she had retreated on her own terri-
tory in 1802, to get off our territory, and to avoid
paying us duty on her goods passing through our
coumry. After having voluntarily abandoned their
position on our territory at Grand Portage, and
gone fifty miles to the north, they are brought back,
and allowed the joint occupancy of the Pottage
route in our terr tory, free of all duties, and for-
ever. And we are told this treaty bring? within
the United States four millions of fine mineral
lands—as if we made that gain by it. To be sure,
those four millions of acres were within our terri-
toiy, because they were always wiihin it—they
never had been beyond it. They we'e ours before
the treaty, a< well as after i'. England knew that,
and had fled from the emporium of the northwest—
the Constantinople of that region—to a position 50
miles north, where she was sure of not being on our
so.l. What she had been denied by every treaty,
by every negotiation, and by every ministry of
the United States, from the Revolution to the
time of the present Administration, she had been
granted by our Secretary-negotiator in 1842. What
power, That authority had he to do what all other
American negotiators had uniformly declared they
h;id neither power nor authority for doing?
He wanted to see the power and the au'hority for
altering the boundaries of the United States, to
the entire advantage of a foreign power, and to
the disadvantage and irreparable loss of the Uni-
ted S'.ttes. Re wanted to ;ee the power and au-
thori.y for giving these advantages to a foreign
power—and particularly to the British Govern-
ment, whose chief object in such acquisitions was
to prepare herself iur war. These demands of
heis were t'ic ptogeny of the la«t vsar. She then
found out what un jr.va'uoble requisition to her
would be a safe road fiom Quebec to Halifax.
She found <u'ihow valuab'e to her, in a war-
f re rgainst us, were the "ervices of her allies, the
Inahn l'!o idhour-ds on our Northwestern frontier.
Ti !;t war had e;si us one hundred and twenty mil-
lie ns r.f dollars. It tce k fcnt s-xty millions of this
to maintain ours?lv°s sgiisst the whole power of
S!i'"-ie, by sea aod land, except on the Northwest-
ern frontier and there alone it ccst us another sixty
millions, Ksr Hudson Bay Company, with its
1.200 men and its Indian bloodhoimls, was another
Great Britain, which it ccst us as much to resist as
the naval and military forces of th  empire of
Great Britain itself. And by our late treaty, she
had been secured in ail these positions. She bad
