236
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wright, and others, praying indemnity from the
United States for French spoliations prior to 1800,
report the following resolution for the ceesideration
of the Hosse:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, on House bill No. 57, entitled
"A bill to provide for the satisfaction of claims due to ccrtain
American citizens, for spoliations committed on their com-
merce prior to 31st July, 1801," shall cease on Tuesday next, at
2 o'clock, and the committee shall proceed to vote on the amend-
ments then pending, or that may be offered to said bill, and then
report the bill to the House, with such amendments as may
have been agreed to by the committee,
On this resolution, the House yesterday second-
ed the motion for the previous question, but nega-
tived the question "Shall the mam question be now
put?" on which the question now recurred.
Mr. BOYD moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. CUSHINGr called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 94,
nays 104. So the motion to lie on the table w as
negatived.
The question again recurred, "Shall the main
question be now put?"
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked for the yeas and
nays, which were taken, and resulted—yeas 94,
nays 100.
So the Home determined that the main question
should not be now put.
The SPEAKER then announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The special order was resumed.
The bills reported from the Commitleo of the
Whole were taken up, with a view to their en-
grossment; but, at the suggestion of Mr. POPE,
they were laid a-,ide for the present.
The House then resolvsjl itself into a Committee
of the "Whole on ihe state of the Union, (Mr. J. K.
Iwoersoli. in the chair.)
The bill making an appropriation for certain
roads, and the survey of certain canal routes, in
the Territory of Iowa, was first taken up—the
question being on the amendment of Mr. A. C
Dodge, to apply |50,000 of the appropriation to
the removal of the obstructions in the Mississippi
river at the rapids of the Des Moines.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON spoke briefly in opposi-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. REYNOLDS replied, arguing in favor of
the great benefit to be derived from the proposed
improvements, and contending that the opening of
this greet national highway was not a mere local
measure, but alike interesting to all the States of
the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi did not rife to
make a speech, but to urge upon the commiitee to
pass on this bill without further discussion. At the
last session of Congress, the days set apart for Ter-
ritorial business were principally consumed in the
examination of general questions, without coming
to any decisive result; and he feaied that this day
would be taken up in the Fame manner if they al-
lowed a discussion to go o-i, on the constitutional
powers of the Government. He hoped that the
commiitee would, without further debate, settle this
question—a question which be considered to be one
of mere expedir nc?onlv—viz, whether 'hey should
appropriate this §.">0,000 to ru.uls and improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa, or to the opening
and improvement of the Mrsr-sippt river, the great
highway of Ihe Union.
Mr. BARNARD opposfjthe amendment, on the
ground that the improvement of ihe Mississippi was
not Territorial business, and that legislation m re-
gard to it in this way gave it a preference erer oih
er rivers of the United S ates equally desei ving of
the favor of the Government. lie  as willing to
give the $50,000, or $100,000, it neces-.'iry, for ihe
improvement oi she Mi!s,.vippi river; but at the
same time he wanted to start fair—he wanted the
Hudson river to have en equal share. There was
a bill on the table making an appropriation for the
improvement of sever>l rivets of the United
States, including the Mississippi as well as ihe
Hudson, and he wished gentlemen to wait till that
bill came up.
Here was an appropriation of §50,000 for clear-
ing out the obstructions of the DesMomes and Rock
River rapids, and gentlemen talked of its impor-
tance; but he would ask them to tell him the amount
of merchandise which pasted over the Des Moines
rapids? "Was it $5,000,000 per annum? Was it
#10,000,0003 He would go for those improve-
ments at the proper time; but he should a?k gen-
tlemen, at the same time, to give him a little for
the North River; and $60,000,000 of merchandise
every year passed the spot where they proposed to
make improvements in that river, besides one mil-
lion of passengers. Now, he made these remarks
to show gentlemen that there were other impor-
tant points which required their at'ention as well
as the rivers in question. He did not like this way
of getting at the improvement of ihe Western
rivers, while^others, quite as important, were left
unnoticed. "Let them wait until they got a report
from a proper committee, and then be would go as
far as any gentleman of this House—at least as
far as they ought to go, considering the state of the
national treasury. He would, if it were neces-
sary, go Ihe whole length of the river, extending
3,000 miles, when the state of the treasury would
permit; but, at present, he would recommend that
they should wait. Ha was against this amend-
ment; but he would go for the original bill.
Mr. BLACK, in the course of some observations,
expressed_ his disappointment on hearing the
speech of Ihe gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rey-
nolds;] for that gentleman had promised to make
some remarks on the constitutionality of this bill,
but he had done nothing more than cite precedents
to jnttify it. He then called that gentleman's at-
tention to the Maysville road bill, which was ve-
t >fd by the political chief of the gentleman from
Illinois—Genera! Jackson—as a precedent ef a
contrary tendency.
Mr. WARD said he thousht the proposition of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard]
was a correct one; and he hoped the Delegate from
Iowa would withdraw his amendment; and when
it came into the House in another form, he (Mr.
Warj) would give it his support.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa said he saw the time of
the House would be lost on ihis proposition, and
the other Tentorial business would not, consequent-
ly, have proper consideration, and therefore he
withdrew his amendment.
The question then recurred on the bill in its ori-
ginal form.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said the motion of the Dele-
gate, which was juit withdrawn, to strike outevery
section of the original bill, and substitute for it a
different proposition, was pn admission by the Del-
egate that tin? appropriation was uncalled for, or
at least could be dispensed with. He did not in-
tend to be unkind to the Territories, but be wished
to be kind to the credit of the country. They had
been going on too fast; and now they found that if
they were to have any money, they must borrow it.
He hoped som" regard would, be paid to the stale
of the treasury; and he wot. Id beg gentlemen to re
member ilia! even borrowed money was to bo re-
paid. He hoped ihi« body, at least, whatever oth-
ers nrght do, would hold to the doctrine that every
engagement into which ihe Government might en-
ter was to be honestly and punctually discharged.
But chat was ihe prospect for the trea<ury?
Why, so far as appeared by a document, befare
them, the revenue for 1843 would not exceed
$12 000,000. He disapproved, then, of the com-
mencement of new works, wh'ch might end in ex-
penditure they knew not how great, asd la«t they
knew not how long. The customhouses of both
New York and Boston afforded examples for their
adir.omi;on, and showjj the necessity of strictly
guaultng at the ouisct agj-.insf improper apprrpria-
lions.
By a st,*.teraerct pob'i'.hed in the Madisonian
of th;s morning, it appeared that there were out-
standing treasury noies amounting to $11,731,-
327 09; and if to this were added the amount of
loans, they had an existing debt exceeding $25,-
000,000. This was a fact which speke so loudly
for itself, that he would abstain from further obser-
vation.
Mr. WELLER, in the course of some observa-
tions, was understood to say that if this bill had
proposed to make appropriations for Northern
custom-houses or rivers, or Southern harbors, they
would have heard nothing there of the embarrassed
state of the treasury, or of constitutional objections.
He rejoiced, however, that in the next Congress
the West would be more equitably represented,
and then she would do justice to herself. He de-
fended the Delegate from Iowa from the unwar-
ranted inierpreiation which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] had given to his mo-
tion; adding that the Delegate had expressly
adopted such a course as promised the greatest
amount of good.
Mr. McKEXNAN briefly advocated the appro-
priation ptoposed to be made by this bill; and then
moved that it be laid aside, to be repotted to the
House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to renew the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. A.
C. Dodqe.] He advocated the propriety of the
appropriation, and condented that it would open,
the avenues to the Territory, and thereby give it
an influx of population.
The question was taken en the amendment just
offered by the eentleman from Kentucky, (appro-
priating ^50,000 to the removal of obstructions
in the Mississippi river at Des Moines rapids,)
and the Chair reported 51 in the affirmative.
Tellers were ordered, (to see if a quorum was
present,) and they reported ayes 77, noes 39.
So there was no quorum voting,
Mr. MERIWETHER demanded that the fact
be reported to the Houte.
The CHAIRMAN said he was informed that
there was a quorum in the hall, and ordered the tellers
to take the vote again.
The tellers reported 97 in the affirmative, being
evidently a majority.
So the amendment was asreed k).
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
On motion of Mr. H. DODGE, the committee
took up "a„bill concerning the L«gtslaiive Assembly
of Wisson'sin."
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON wished to hear some
reason for the appropriation coi-.tained in this bill.
Mr. POPE explained that it was necessary, in
order to enable the Legislative Assembly to meet.
There was now no appropriation, and the Governor
refused to co-operate with them until an appro-
priation should be made, and their meeting legal-
ized.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the bill.
He thought it had not been reported with due con-
sideration. He wished the committee to consider
well before they decided whether the Governor or
the Legislature of Wisconsin was right.
Mr. POPE explained the bill. The Legislative
Assembly supposed they hadasiembled "according
to law;" and, therefore, those words were inserted
in the bill. At his suggestion, they were ttricken
out, so as to leave it an open question whether the
Assembly met, according to law, in December.
Mr. WARREN wished to know why it was ne-
cessary for the Legislature to sit 50 dajs.
Mr. FOPE explained. According to law, the
Territorial Legislatures were allowed to .sit 75 days.
But, in consequence of the expenses which had to
be incurred, m Ihe shape of mileage, tfec, at the
meeting of ihe Legislative Assembly in December,
the committee thought proper to limit the session
to te held to 50 davs.
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS referred to the law
passed at a former session of Congress, and asked
il it did not prohibit sessions of Territorial Assem-
blies from being held without aa express appropri-
ation beinK first m?.de.
Mr. BR!G'3S called for the reading of the law.
Mr. DEaN explained the organic law- of the
Territorjfof Wisconsin on this subject. That re-
quited that there should be a meeting of the
Legislative Assembly on ihe first Monday in De-
cember of every year. When the Governor re-
fused to meft them, on the ground that [here was
no appropriation, they adjourned. Now, the ob-
ject of ihis bill was 'o pay them for their meeting
on ihis occasion, according to the law of the Ter-
ritory. Important business required their early
meeting; and he hoped the bill would be passed.
Mr. BRIGGS wished to hear the facts. At the
last session of Congress, it law was passed, which
