CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
provided that no session of a Territorial Assembly
should be held, unless an appropriation had pre-
viously been made. [Several members: "An ap-
propriation was made."] Now, he wished to
know whether the appropriation was made for the
meeting in December last.
, Mr. H. DODGE said an appropriation was
made in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
of 1842.
The Clerk read a clause from that bill, which
appropriated $20,000 for the pay and mileage of
the Legislative Assembly of Wisconsin.
Mr. BRIGGS wished to be informed whether
the appropriation was for services past or pro-
spective.
Mr. H, DODGE explained. That appropria-
tion was for the Legislative Assembly of 184-2, but
was misapplied by the Secretary of the Territory,
and applied to the payment of arrearages and old
debts of the Territory. That officer contended
that he had ample reasons to justify him in so do-
ing. If, then, the Secretary misapplied the funds
for the payment of the Legislative Assembly, it was
not their fault.
Mr. D. pressed upon the committee the neces-
sity of passing this bill. There was now no legis-
lature, and none could be assembled until the bill
was passed. Everything was now in the hands of
the Governor. All appointments were made by
him, without check or control from any body ef
counsellors.
Mr. BRIGGS said that he was not precisely re-
lieved from his difficulties. If he understood the
gentleman, he said that the money was appro-
priated for one purpose, but that the Governor ap-
plied it to another.
Mr. FILLMORE, without intending to enter
in'o the present controversy, begged leave to make
an explanation. "At the last session of Congress,
an appropriation was made for this Territory, for
the year 1842. In recommending the appropria-
tions, however, the Committee of Ways and Means
found claims for very large arrearages, which they
refused to allow; and they only recommended the
amount of appropriation that had been made the
year before. When the bill came up in the House,
a motion was made to insert an appropriation for
arrearage?, which was rejected. The bill then
went to the Senate; and finally, for the purpose of
avoiding these arrearages in fuiure, a section was
inserted, providing that, hereafter,no sessiensof the
Territorial Legislatures shall be held without an
appropriation from Congress to pay them.
This was the state of the case, so far as the
Committee of Ways and Means was concerned.
He did not see how it applied to the present ques-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the provision
for mileage and per diem for the members of the
Legislature of Iowa, who met on the first Monday
of December last, and whom ihe Governor refused
to communicate with, on the ground that there
was no appropriation to pay them.
Mr. MORGAN read a communication from
Governor Doty and the Secretary of State, to show
that the session of the Legislature was illegal, and
that there was no money to pay them. Mr. M.
went on to argue that this fact was known to the
members of the Legislature.
Mr. POPE said that no appropriation was asked
in this bill—the appropriation having been already
made at the last session; and all that was now ask-
ed, was to direct the proper application of it. In
May last, Congress made the appropriation for the
year 1842, having no reference to pa^t debts; arid,
contrary to Jaw, the money was applied to pay
them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then said that the whole
matter turned upon the single point, whether the
members of the Legislature had any knowledge
that ths amount of the appropriation was expend-
ed, and that there was no money to pay them.
Mr. POPE said that there was no evidence !o
show that the Legislature had any such knowledge.
They met on the first Monday of December, pur-
suant to adjournment; and the Governor had made
no proclamation directing them not to meet. There
was no difficulty in the case. The only question
was, whether these men, for the short time they
met, without any knowledge that the Governor dis-
approved of their meeting till they assembled to-
gether, should be paid.
The question was then taken on Mr. Adams's
amendment, resulting in ayes 54, noes not counted;
but there not being a quorum present, there was no
decision.
Mr. GUSHING wished to ask one question, on
the answer to which would depend his vote: Did
the organic law of the Territory authorize this
meeting of the Legislature?
Mr. POPE said that it did.
After some remarks from Mr. McKAY, the
reading of the law providing for the sessions of the
Legislature was called for by several; and tha',
together with the provision in the appropriation
bill of the last session, referred to by Mr. Fillmore,
was read.
Mr. WISE then said that it appeared that the
law authorz°d the Legislature of the Tenitory
to fix upon the time of its meetings; and that they
did fix upon the first Monday in December of c very
year. Now, these were two leading facts; and he
wished to know whether gentlemen contended that
the laws above s'ated were repealed by the proviso
in the appropriation bill noticed by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore ] He contended
that they were not repealed, and that the Legislature
met in pursuance of law. He contended also
that there was an appropriation to pay them; for
the appropriation was made for the year 1842,
and they met in December of that year. Now, if
the Governor had applied the money to any other
purpose, or withheld it from them, it was no fault
of theirs. Mr. W. said that he would not only
vote for paying them, but he would pass a severe
censure on any Governor, State or Territorial, who
would dare to make a rump parliament of a Legis-
lature meeting under an organic law.
Some explanations were made, and some con-
versation ensued, between Messrs. BRIGGS,
FILLMORE, WISE, and CUSHING, respecting
the appropriation for the Territorial Legislature.
Mr. BRIGGS understood that there was an ap-
propriation for the pay of the members of the
Legislature during the month of December, which
embraced the grea'er part of their session.
Mr. WISE took the same view; but said that
the Governor of the Terriiory had applied that mo-
ney to pay arrearages of the legislature; and he
complained that this was a trick on the legislation
of Congress.
Mr. MORGAN entered into some explanations.
Mr. MED1LL handed to the Clerk a report
from a committee of the Territorial Legislature,
which entered into the great question involved in
the difference between that body and the Governor,
and the. legality of the mtetingof the Legislature.
He called upon she Clerk to read this report for the
information of the committee.
The Clerk read it accordingly.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the committee rise;
which was negatived.
Mr. EVERETT and Mr. WISE continued the
debate.
Mr. HOWARD defended Governor Doty, and
read from a pamphlet to show that he had been
guided in his action on the subject in dispute, by
an act of Ihe Legislature of the Territory, passtd
the 15th February, 1842, from which he read an
extrsct.
He then went on to vindicate Governor Doty,
and to charge that the faulis found with him to-day
were intended to be made the ground of an applica-
tion for his removal. He vindicated Governor D ,
and expressed it as his opinion that that officer
was quite as competent to decide questions of law
as the Legislative Assembly.
Mr- ARNOLD moved that ihe committee rise,
and report the several bills laid aside to be re-
ported.
The vose was taken, and resulted ayes 53,
noes 58—no quorum.
Tellers were ordered, who reported ayes 58,
noes 59—no quorum.
The committee then rose, and reported the fact
to the House.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken by yeas and cays, and
resulted—yeas 58, nays 72.
The, House having again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that, in any view of
the case, the Legislature ought to be paid. Sup-
pose the appropriation of $20,000 was designed to
apply to ths preceding session, and that the money
was properly applied by Governor Doty. Then,
the Legislature meeting at their annual session,
without having any information that the appro-
priation was exhausted, #id that there was no
money to pay them, certainly ought to be paid.
On the other hand, if the appropriation was for that
session, and the money was misapplied by Gov-
ernor Doty, they having'no knowledge of the fact,
still they ought to be paid. In either view of the
case, the money was justly due them, and they
ought to have it.
The question was again put on Mr. Adams's
amendment, resulting in ayes 35, noes 70.
No quorum voting, tellers were called for, and
ordered; and the vote being again taken, resulted
in ayes 34, noes 71.
The committee then being still without a quo-
rum, rose, and reported the fact to the House.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted in yeas 53,
nays 58.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then rose, and said that
there was no use in moving a call of the House.
He never knew any good to result from it, and he
would, therefore. suggest that the best thing they
could do would be to adjourn.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 3, 1843.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial of citizens
of Clark county, Ohio, residing on the line of the
Cumberland road from Springfield to the Indiana
line, remonstrating against the proposed change in
the location of the road, and asking for an appro-
priation for its continuation: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Also, presented a memorial from citizens of
Philadelphia, relating to the judgment by which
Mr. Kendall is now deprived of his personal lib-
erty, and urging upon Congress the propriety of
relieving him, by satisfying the judgment: referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EVANS pre«ented a memorial from citi-
zens of Esstport, Maine, connected with the ship-
ping interest, complaining of the depressed slat? of
that interest, and attribu'ing it to the want of reci-
procity :n-the commercial regulations between the
United S:ates and the nations with which she trades;
and praying such alterations in those regulations,
cons:stent with treaty stipulations, ?s will produce
greater reciprocity: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
John H. Sherburne, asking compensation for ser-
vices under appoimment from the War Depart-
ment, rendered in connexion with -the removal of
the Indians from Florida: referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
Ithaca, Rochester, Jefferson county, Cayuga coun-
ty, New Yoik, one from the city of New York,
and one from Ere county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the repeal of the bankrupt law:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
chiefs and principal men of the Stockbridge and
MuBsee tribes of Indians, in the Territory of Wis-
consin, on ihe subject of the bill before Congress
containing provisions for those Indians to become
citizens of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs,
On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be instructed
to inquire H any (and, it any, what) legislative measures are ne-
cessary to secure the Shawnee tribe of Indians the payment of
interest on moneys invested by the United States for the said
tribe, under the 4th article of the treaty of 1801.
