240
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LINN demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the motion to
commit, so as to make it a motion to commit, with
instructions to strike out the clause giving a bounty
in land.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to amend that amend-
ment with the words "and such other parts as the
committee may think expedient."
Mr. ARCHER suggested to the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tappan] to withdraw the amendment to
commit with instructions. It would be better to let
it go to the committee without limitation.
Mr. TAPPAN acquiesced in the suggestion,
and withdrew his proposition.
The question was then taken on the motion to
commit and decided in the negative—yeas 22, nays
24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Calhoun, Choate, Comad, Ciafts, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Huntington. McDuffie, Miller, Porter, Rives, Sim-
mons, Sprasrue, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge--22.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clayton, Fulton,
Henderson, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Mornck, Phelps,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—24.
The question now rccurring on the motion to
strike out the clause giving a bounty, in land, of
640 acres to each individual settler—
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that the motion to
commit the bill to the Csmmittee on Foreign Rela-
tions, with a view to make Us provisions conform
to treaty stipulations, having failed, he would,
consequently, vote for striking out the land claufe.
The question was then put on striking out the
land clause; and decided in the negative—yeas S3,
nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Archer, Bagby, Harrow, Bates, Bayard,
lierrien, Calhoun, Ohoate, Coniad, Cralts, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Huntington, McDuflie, Miller, Porter, Rives, Sim-
mons, Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbndge,—22.
NAYS—Messrs, Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clayton, Fulton,
Henderson, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Meriick, Phelps,
Wevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—24. "
The amendments of the committee of the whole
■were concurred in; and the question now being,
Shall the bill be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. HUNTINGTON demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. McDUFFIE was understood to express a
doire to say something on the bill before the final
vote was decided, and desired a postponement of
the question for that purpose.
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, and decided m
the affirmative—yeas 24, nays 22,'as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clayton, Fulton,
Henderson, Kins, Lmn, Mcltobens,Mangum, Memoir, Phelps
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walkor, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wvi< lit
and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Basby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, lier-
rien, Calhoun, Choate, Conrad, Cralts, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Huntington, McDuffie, Miliei, Porter, Elves, Simmons, Bnrosue,
Tallmadge, and Woodbndge—22,
Mr. MERRICK expressed the hope that the
question would be taken on the final passage of the
bill. It had been a long time under discussion,
and had impeded the progress of oilier important
bills. He had no doubt every Senator's isind was
made up as to the passage of the bill. Nothing
could be gained by the party opposed lo the bill, by
the delay of the question on its passage, because
there were bm four member,-, absent, two of whom
were known to be in tavor of ihe bill.
Mr. SEVIER made some remarks not distinctly
heard.
Mr. MERRICK said if the bid was postponed
till Monday, he was confident the discussion would
be renewed. He hoped the question would be pul.
Mr. McDUFFIE here waived his desire to
speak on the bill before the vote on its passage.
The bill was then read the third time, and passed
on a count—ayes 24, noes not counted.
Mr. TALLMADGE gave notice that he would,
on Monday, move to postpone all previous special
orders of ihat day, with the view of taking up the
exchequer bill.
On motion, it was agreed, that, when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn till Monday next.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 3, 1843.
Mr. CASEY presented the petition of William
McCabe, of Clark county, Illinois, praying to be
paid for a horse lost in the service of the United
States: referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. LANE presented the resolutions of the State
of Indiana on the subject of the reduction of post-
age, the extension of the pension laws, the con-
struction of a harbor at Michigan City, and the
improvement of the Wabash river.
Mr. MARSHALL of Maine presented the pe-
tition of S. M.H. Grant and fifty others, citizens
of Prospect,Me., praying for an increase of duties
on lumber and wood.
RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered the following
resolution:
JResolved, That a select committee be appointed to inquire
and report to the Houue whether theseveial lesolutions of the
House adopted at the last session for the retrenchment of the
expenditures of the House have been cairiedinto effect there;
and in what manner the same has been done; and that they
also report whether any and what further steps should be
taken in relation thereto, for the enforcement of the orders ef
the House, or the curtailment of its expenditures.
Mr. CUSHING asked if the subject was not al-
ready in charge of one of the standing commit-
tees.
The SPEAKER said no.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then expressed a desire
that he should not be put on the committee, and
that it should be composed of *he same gentlemen
who constituted the retrenchment committee of last
session.
The SPEAKER inquired what number the com-
mittee should consist of.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that five would be
the most appropriate number.
Mr. DEAN, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported abill to establish a town at the Cedar
ICey in Florida: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GENTRY gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill to amend the act entitled "An act
for ihe relief of George Mayfield."
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the Commit'ee on
Roads and Canals were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of the citizens of
Dade county, Alabama.
The committees were then called on for reports.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the payment of navy pensions due on the 1st
July, 1843, and on the 1st January, 1844: read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the Committee
of Ways and Means was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the report of the Secretary of
War, in relation to the Potomac bridge; and the
?ame was referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Sam. Wei-
ler. [Gecetal laughter.] Read twice, and referred
10 the Committee of ihe Whole House.
Mr. CO WEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Robert E. Jennings, James Roddy, and
Robert B. Carter: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. OSBORNE and Mr. WARREN, from the
same committee, made several adverse reports;
which were ordered to lie.
On motion of Mr. WINTHROP, the Committee
of the Whole were discharged from the considera-
tion of bills 575 and 576; and the same "were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the general, civil, and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, and that the said bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with a view to the introduction, by that committee,
of a new bill: the motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL of Maine, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of the
owners of the schooner Joseph of Wareham; and
also a bill for the relief of the owners and crew
of the schooner Perdido: read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MORROW, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill providing for the sale of
certain lands in Ohio and Michigan ceded by the
Wyandot tribe of Indians, and for other purposes:
read twice, and laid on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill explanatory of an act
entitled "An act to amend an act granting pre-
emption rights to certain settlers," approved Jane,
1838. Mr. C, expressed the hope that no objection
would be interposed to the passage of this bill, but
that it would be allowed to lie on the Speaker's
table for ihe early action of the House.
Mr. BOARDMAN moved that the bill be refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
This motion was voted down by a large majori-
ty, and the bill ordered to lie on the Speaker's
table.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the Committee
of the Whole were discharged from the further
consideration of the bill No. 334, and the same was
ordered to lie on the Speaker's table.
MAYOR OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported the Senate bill
"to amend the charter of the town of Alexandria,"
providing for the election of the Mayor of Alex-
andria by the people. He hoped the bill would be
passed without delay, and for that purpose moved
the previous question.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said this was an im-
portant bill, snd therefore should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man from Kentucky insisted on his motion for the
previous question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he did.
The SPEAKER then said the bill could not be
debated.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the reading o£
the bill, and it was read accordingly. He then
inquired what were the present qualifications re-
quired of voters in the town of Alexandria.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that all housekeepers
might vote at present for members of the Common
Council.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON. Then the bill still
confines the light of suffrage to freeholders only.
Mr. WELLER moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion. They were taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 51, nays 127.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question then recurred on the second to the
demand for the previous question; which was car-
ried, and the main question ordered.
The main question, bring on the third reading of
the bill, was also carried; and the bill was read the
third time and passed.
Reports from committees being the next business
in order—
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill to abolish public
executions in capital cases; which was twice read,
and referred.
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made an adverse report on the case
of Margaret C. Murray; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. W. 0. BUTLER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the bill from the Senate for the relief of
William De Peyster and H. M. Cook.
Mr. A, H. II. STUART, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Seth Swoetzer; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. RODNEY, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Hannah Jenkins, widew of James Jenkins; which
was twice read, and referred.
