CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE,
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND R1YES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1843.
Volume 12"*"No. 16.
Continued from No. 15.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from (he same committee,
reported a bill allowing a pension to John Taylor,
and a bill allowing a pension to Nancy William?;
which were severally twice read, and referred.
Mr. TALIAFERRO submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instructed
to inquire into the propriety and justice of allowing pensions
to the widows of those officers of the navy who peuslicd in the
United States ship Hornet, while on a cruise m the Gulf of
Mexico.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, leported back, withoat
amendment, the bill from the Senate for the relief
of Wareham Kingsley.
Mr. FORNANCE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pen.*ions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Patrick Masterson; which was twice read, and
referred.
Messrs. READ and GORDON, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, made adverse re-
ports on certain cases that had been referred to
that commiuee.
Oa motion by Mr. MeKEWNAN, the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition cf certain cit-
izens of Richmond, Virginia, praying for an ap-
propriation for the improvement ot the navigation
of the James river.
MASSACHUSETTS MILITIA.
Mr. MASON of Ohio, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to refund the
balance due to the Scate of Massachusetts for dis-
bursements during the laie war with Great Britain:
read twice, and refened.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, from ihe Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill making ap-
propriations for the improvement of certain har-
bors; which was twice read and referred.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Select Commit-
tee on Steamboat Navigation, reported an amend-
atory billon the subject of safety-valves, &c.; which
was twice read, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that ihe House resolve
itself into Commiitee of the Whole fir the purpose
of acting on private bills, and suggested that bills
about which there is no dispute should be first
acted on.
Mr. CUSHING asked if the morning hour was
passed; and, being answered in the negative, call-
ed for the consideration of his resolution on the sub-
ject of French spoliations prior to 1800.
The resolution was then taken up and read as
follows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of tht; Whole
House on the state of the Union, on Ilouse b>l! No. 57, entitled
"A bill to provide for the satisfaction o( claims due to certain
Amencari citizens, for spoliations committed on their commerce
prior to 3istJuly, 1801," shall cease on Tuesday next, at2
o'clock, and the committee shall proceed to vote on the amend-
ments then pending, or that may be offered to said bill, and then
report the bill to the House, with such amendments as may
have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. CUSHING called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, on taking the question,
resulted in yeas 97, nays 93.
So the resolution was kid on the table.
Mr, FILLMORE appealed to the gentleman irom
Florida, [Mr. Levy.] who had the floor this morn-
ing on the special order, (being a bill for the relief
of inhabitants of West Florida,) to allow the pen-
sion bill to be taken up. The pensions were to be
paid on the 4th of March; and the money where-
with the payments had to be made must be
despatched to diffoient parts of the country, which
would occupy some t.me. He, therefore, hoped it
would now be tak*n up; and, as it would consume
but a short time, the Delegate from Florida could
afterwards address the Home on the special or-
der.
Mr. LEVY yielded to what he understood to be
the wish of the House; but, at the same time, he
asked the House to take Hp the unfinished Territo-
rial business to-day, arid dispose of it.
Mr. FILLMORE moved, ihan, that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS appealed to the gentleman
from New York, and to the House, to allow the
calendar of private bills to be taken up, and to dis-
pose of the undisputed claims. This would occupy
but about thirty minutes; whereas he feared the
pension bill would consume the day. He moved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of disposing of the undis-
puted claims.
Mr. LEVY suggested that undisputed Territorial
business should be included.
The motion was agreed to, with Mr. Levy's
amendment; and Mr. Boardman took the chair.
The titles of the bills on the calendar were then
read in their order; but the great majority were ob-
jected to, and, consequently, were laid aside. Sev-
eral were laid aside to be repor:ed to the House.
The bill for the relief of Sam. Weller was ta-
ken up, and the report read.
After a few remarks from Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON, TOMLINSON, COWEN, and PAR-
MENTER, the bill was laid aside, under objec-
tion. (The objection was subsequently with-
drawn,)
The bill for the relief of William De Buys was
taken up, and the report read. After the adoption
of an amendment, it was laid aside to be re-
ported.
The bill for the relief of certain companies cf
Michigan militia was laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Robert E. Jennings, James Roddy, and R. B.
Carier, was ofejecied to by Mr. MERIWETH-
ER—together with several other bills reported for
the first time this morning.
The bill for the relief of Seth Sweetser, and the
bill for the relief of Hannah Jenkins, were laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of John Taylor was ob-
jected to by Mr. MERIWETHER.
The bill in addition to the act providing for the'
payment of Florida militia called into the
service in 1839 and 1840, was taken up, and an
amendment offered by Mr. STANLY, authorizing
the accounts to be settled under a specified super-
intendence; which was adopted. The bill was then
laid aside to be reported.
The bill to authorize the purchase of a law li-
brary for the judges of the Territory of Florida,
was objecled to.
The bill to establish an additional land office in
the Territory of Iowa was informally passed over,
at the suggestion of Mr. A. C. DODGE.
The bill granting the right of pre-emption to
certain settlers in the Territory of Wisconsin, was
laid aside to be reported.
Also, the bill granting to the Territory of Wis-
consin a certain tract of land, for the benefit of the
town of Fair Play, in said Territory.
The bill making appropriations for certain roads
and rivers in Wisconsin, was objected to by Mr.
SPR1GG.
After considering several bills m Committee of
the Whole, the committee rose, and reported them
to the House.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the further consideration
of tbe bill for the relief of John Carey, a colored
servant of General Washington. Mr. B. said that
this old man was 112 years old, and there was no
doubt that he bad served General Washington, both
at Braddock'a defeat, and during the revolutionary
war.
Mr. FILLMORE objected, on the ground that
this bill could be considered at the same tlfne with
the rest; but withdrew his objection.
Mr. MERIWETHER objected; and
Mr. BRIGGS moved a suspension of the rules;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MERIWETHER called for the reading of
the report. As the House was about pensioning
tbe poor of the District of Columbia, he should
like to hear the reasons for it.
The report was accordingly read; and then the
bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. A. C. DODGE moved to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the farther consider-
ation of the bill making appropriations for certain,
roads, and for the survey of a canal route in the
Teritory of Iowa—[this bill was passed over yester-
day, in consequence of the want of a quorum;] this
motion was carried.
PENSION BILL.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of ihe Union, (Mr. Saunders, of North Caro-
lina, iti the chair,) and took up the bill making ap-
propriations forrevolutionary and other pensioners
of the United States, for the half calendar year be-
ginning on the 1st January, and ending on the 30th
of June, 1843; and for the fiscal year beginning on
the 1st July, 1843, and ending on the 30th June,
1844.
No amendment having been offered to this bill,
the committee rose, and reported it to the House.
It was then read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further consider-
ation of the bill for the relief of James C.Wat-
son of Georgia. This bill (he said) had been sus-
pended for three years by the objections of a single
member; [Mr. Giddings;] and he hoped the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Brisgs,] who had
just succeeded in getting a bill through for a color-
ed pauper of the District, would give him his as-
sistance.
Mr. GIDDINGS objected, that the bill contained
an appropriation, and had not been considered in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MERIWETHER said that the bill just
passed made an appropriation, and yet it had not
been considered in Committee of the Whole. It
was strange that the gentleman from Ohio should
have so much sympathy for a negro, and refuse
to do justice to a white man.
The SPEAKER said that, objection being made,
the motion could not be received without a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. MERIWETHER accordingly moved a
suspension of the rales.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the reading of the re-
port and bill; and they were read.
Mr. G. then calif® for the yeas and nays on the
motion; but they were not ordered; and,
On taking the question, the motion was rejected.
Mr. COWEN moved that the House proceed
with the private bills on the calendar, several of
which were on their engrossment.
The SPEAKER said that the private calendar
would now be taken up.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William D. Smith.
A bill for the relief of Alexander Dixon.
A bill for the relief of John Sltirving.
A bill granting a quantity of land to the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin.
A bill for the relief of Hannah Jenkins, widow
of James Jenkins, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Seth Sweetzer.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Peters, deceased.
A bill to confirm Eliza Burriss, her heirs and as-
signs, in her title to a tract of land.
A bill for the relief of John McGinniss, a sol-
dier in the late war.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin O, Tayloe.
A bill for the relief of Wm. De Buys.
A bill to allew a pension to Nancy Williams.
