242
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill granting a certain iract of land to the
Territory of Wisconsin, for the benefit of the town
of Fairplay.
A bill for the relief of Patrick Masterson.
A bill for the relief of certain companies of the
Michigan militia.
A bill for the relief of Wm. Selden, Treasurer
of the United States.
Mr. G. DAVIS submitted a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill for the relief of
Benjamin Ogle Tayloe was adopted. The motion
was entered.
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 4, 1843.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York presented the
petition of Aaron Blinn and others, of Columbia
county, New York, praying a renewal of the pen.
sion act, for the benefit of the widows of revolu-
tionary officers and soldiers.
Mr. NEWHARD presented the memorial of
194 citizens of Schuylkill county, State of Penn
sylvania, praying Congress to pass a law author-
izing the issue of $200,000,000, to be based upon
the public lands, and distributed among the States
and Territories.
Mr. GW1N presented a memorial from citizens
of Adams county, Mississippi, in favor of the se-
lection of Natchez as the bite for a na"al armory
and dry-dock. He observed that, as there was
now a bill in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having reference to this subject,
he moved a similar reference of the memorial,
and that it be printed. As he believed that Natchez
was the best site that had been suggested to the
consideration of the House for the location of the
armory? and dry dock, he wished, when the bill
came up to be acted on, that the claims of that
place, as set forth in the memorial, might be fully
before the House.
Mr. KEIM presented the petition of Wm. S.
Kennedy and 31 others, praying Congress to
liquidate the debt of Amos Kendall, incurred in the
discharge of his official duties: referred.
Mr. WM. O. GOODE presented the memorial
of a number of citizens of Virginia, praying an in-
crease of salary for the judge of the eastern dis-
trict in that State.
Also, the petition of the surviving children of
Winifred Tomlinson, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Abram Heen, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Frances Crafton, for a pen-
sion.
Mr. MOORE piesentcd the following petitions,
viz:
Of Paul Le Clerc and 109 others, inhabitants of
the parishes of Terrebonne, St. Mary, and As-
sumption, praying for a post route from Houma to
Dutch Settlement, Louisiana.
Of George S. Walmsley q.nd 14 others, and
Henry O. McEvery and 33 others, praying for a
post rou'e direct from Natchitoches to Monroe,
Louisiana.
Mr. HENRY submitted a resolution to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from bill No. 295, be-
ing an act to extend the provisions of an aet sup-
plementary to an act for the relief of certain offi-
cers and soldiers of the Revolution, known as the
"Indian fighter?;". and that it be made the special
order for Wednesday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. ADAMS, the use of the
hall was granted to Benjamin B. Bowen, for the
delivery of a lecture, on Monday evening next, oil
the education of the blind.
On the motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the
House amended a bill entitled "An act in addition
to an act for the payment of Florida militia called
into service in the years 1839 and 1840," approved
August 23, 1842; and, as amended, it was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. PEARCE called up ihe question on print-
ing ihe majority and minority reports from ibe
Judiciary Committee, on the refunding of ihe file
imposed on General Jackson, by Judge Hal), at
New Orleans; and on that he moved the previous
question.
Mr. PENDLETON called for the reading of
the reports.
A conversation ensued, which resulted in the
subject being passed over, to avoid the consump-
tion of the time of the House wish it to-day; the
previous question being left pending.
Mr. HALSTED moved that the Committee of
the Whole House on ihe state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
No. 651, entitled "A bill regulating the taking of
testimony in cases of contested elections, and for
other purposes." [Cries of "No, no, no."]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the House to take up
the appropriation bills. There were only twenty-
four working days of the session left, and yet the
appropriation bills were kept back; and he hoped
the House would agree to take them up, that they
might be disposed of, and sent to the Senate.
Mr. LEVY was understood to appeal t® the
gentleman from New York to allow the bill for the
relief of inhabitants of West Florida to be taken
up. It had been the special order for several days,
but, for the promotion of other important business,
he had allowed it to be passed over; but he hoped
the House would now allow it to be disposed of.
Mr. FILLMORE replied that a greater number
of days had already been given to the Territorial
business than it was usual to give even at the long
session.^; and as all the appropriation bills had
been kept back, he could not allow them to remain
longer on the table, by waiving his motion to go
into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS gave notice that he
should move that ihe committee take up the bill to
reduce the number of officers in the New York
customhouse.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
go into committee carried in the affirmative. (Mr.
Allen of Maine took the chair.)
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee take
up the navy appropriation bill.
Mr. ADAMS opposed the motion.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS asked for the yeas and
nays (laughter)—he meant to say tellers—on the
motion.
They were not ordered, and the motion was car-
ried without a division.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House bill No. 659, entitled "A bill making
appropriations for the naval service for ths half
calendar year, beginning on the In of January and
ending on the 30;h of June, 1843, and for the fiscal
year ending on the 30th June, 1844," was then
read through.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to lay the bill on
the table, with a view to take up the bill to reduce
the number of officers in the New York custom-
house, or some other bill. The present bill in-
volved several millions of dollars, and gentlemen
were not yet prepared with the necessary informa-
tion to enable them to vote and act understanding^
upon it. As the bill now before the committee
would bo soon acted upon, when members were
prepared for it, (and it would not be delayed be-
yond Wednesday next,) he moved that ii be laid
on the table.
Mr. F1LLMOR.E said the motion was not in or-
der. There was no such thing as laying a bill on
the table in committee.
Mr. MERIWETHER. Then I move to post-
pone the bill.
Mr, FILLMORE opposed the motion.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked for tellers, who v. ere or-
dered, and reporicd—aves 49, noes 58; no quorum.
The vote was again taken and resulted—ayes
48, noe* 85; so the House refused to postpone the
navy bill.
Mr. MERIWETHER then rose and offered the
following amendment
Add to the first s^ctien this proviso:
Provided, That, until otherwise directed by law, no part of
the present, or any future appropriations for the pay of com-
missioned, wairant, and petty officers, including the engi-
neer corps, shall be paid to the same, except upon a reduction
of the present pay at and after the rate of twenty per cent, per
annum.
Mr. M. said he had but a few remarks to make
upon thif amendment. It might be asked why he
proposed .to reduce the pay of navy officers, fand let
that of all o'her officers of the Government stand
as a' present He would answer, that the pay of
the navy officers was increased in 1835, and that
of none others. Their pay was then increased
with the view of meeting the increased price of
provisions and of labor in every department of
life. Now, he believed that nine-tenths of the
evils under which our navy was suffering, resulted
from the high salaries paid to its officers. It was
composed of the most disorderly corps he knew of
in any existing Government. Indeed, itseemed ne-
cessary to keep a court-martial sitting nearly the
entite year for their trial for offences.
Here Mr. FILLMORE rose to a question of
order. He contended that the amendment was not
in order at this time. This bill proposed to pay
money due, according to a pre-existing law. If it
were msrely a bill making contingent appropria-
tions, it would be perfectly competent to limit and
prescribe the ameunt, and manner of making the
appropriation. The amendment in reality changed
existing laws, and he submitted whether it was in
order. *
Mr. MERIWETHER said he had anticipated
this objection. Whenever any one talked of redu-
cing the expenditures of the Government, they
were met with a question of order. So it was last
session, when the House limited the number of
officers. Certainly, if the House could limit the
nujafcer of officers, it might also limit their pay.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in
order,
Mr. FILLMORE appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and made some remarks on the ques-
tion of order.
The appeal was debated by Messrs. FILL-
MORE, CAVE JOHNSON, TILLINGHAST,
WISE, HOLMES, REYNOLDS, and CHARLES
BROWN.
The committee sustained the decision of the
Chair—70 in the affirmative, and 63 in the nega-
tive.
Mr. MERIWETHER then advocated his
amendment, and said there was no department of
this Government in which a compensation like
that which he proposed to reduce was given for a
similar grade of talent in the service of the Uni-
ted Stales. He traced the increased pay now given
to the year 1835; and said that, by a document in
his possession, he could show ihst it was then in-
creased, in some instances, 75 or 100 per cent, over
what it was before that year: whereas he now pro-
posed a reduction of only 20 per cent. He read a
tabular statement, showing the difference of the
pay of officers of various grades at the two peri-
ods mentioned. He also pointed out an increase of
the number of guns afloat, and the cost of pay for
each; and contended that the cost of the navy was
more now than it was during the war with Great
Britain. He advocated a reduction of this branch
of the public service at some length.
Mr. WISE replied. He admitted that the pay
proper of officers m the naval service was now ap-
parently greater than it was at the period of which
the gentleman from Georgia had spoken; but there
were then rations, and other things—which by the
sailors were termed, in their expressive phraseolo-
gy, "wee things aboot the deck"—which materially
diminished that difference, and left the pay but lit-
tle less lhan is now given.
Mr. W. v.ent into an explanation of the manner
in which ihe pay of the navy was increased in
1835, developing the principles on which ihe Con-
gress of that year—the best in which he had ever
served—and the controlling reasons which induced
such an increase of pay. He said that Congress
then determined to put the corps of officers on the
best footing, and to get the best men in the country,
by making the pay adequate lo their services; that
Congress acted on a principle which, he thought,
ought never to be lost sight of; that it was easy to
build i-hips—easy to fit out a whole fleet in a very
short time; but it required years to make a good
officer. Mr. W. thought if the gentleman wished
retrenchment, he had better move to strike out the
appropriation for increasing the materials on hand
for building ships. In that, the gentleman would
not strike a blow at the service. He also sug-
gested to the gentleman, instead of moving a hori-
