£46
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jection was, that the amendment compelled per-
sons to deposite in the past office packages of mo-
ney and manuscripts. He wished to confine this bill,
as to whatconstituted mailable matter, to the limita-
tions of the act of 1825. According to the con-
struction of the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads himself, packages of
lank notes and manuscripts would come within
the denomination of letter postage by the provisions
of this bill. Mr. P. said, under this view of the
case, he could not withdraw his amendment, or
vote for the amendment proposed by the chairman
of the Post Office Committee, [Mr. Merrick ]
He then went into a calculation to show how
enormous would be the postage on packages of
manuscripts or bank notes weighing from two to
three pounds, subject to letter postage, if transmit-
ted 400 miles or upwards. He characterized this ef-
effort on the part of the Post Office Department to
compel newspapers and pamphlets to be transmitted
through the mail, as a new-born zeal brought into
action since the passage of the law fixing and limit-
ing the rates to be paid the railroad companies for
transporting the mail. By that law, the pay of
these companies, for such services, was limited to
$300 per mile; the right being reserved to the de-
partment to send one ton, or four or more per day,
if necessary. Before the passage of such law, the
effort was to avoid carrying in the mail so much
of this kind of printed matter. But now, the effort
was to force it all through the mail, without regard
to ihe additional weight imposed upon those com-
panies, and the limitation on their pay. He then
went into some calculation, showing that, notwith-
standing those companies performed, in miles, only
the forty-eighth part of the whole mail service, and
received one-seventh of the cost for the whole
service, as sta'ed by the chairman of the Post
Office Committee, [Mr. Memjtck,] yet he thought
it' the weight of the matter transported was taken
into consideration, the charge would be found
to be not so enormous as supposed.
He then made a calculation in support of that
position, showing that, on the road between Balti-
more and Philadelphia, a distance of about one
hundred miles, and where the pay for the mail
service was about §30,000, the quantity of mail-
able matter transported was equal to four tons per
day, (two t ns each way,) or 1,460 tons per an-
num—the pay for which was little more than $1
per cwt. This he conceived to be but a reasonable
charge per owt. for such a distance. It seemed to
be the intention of the Postmaster General to con-
vey the idea that those companies received an
enormous price for the service they perform. Such
was not the case. The annual cost for carrying
the mail, he had understood, on the very route
cited above, previous to the erection of the rail-
road, exceeded the present cost, and at one time
amounted to $40,000. He then went on to argue
that, even if the Government did pay these compa-
nies a high price for the service they performed,
yet something was clue to the Slates and to the in-
dividuals who had constructed those roads for ihe
convenience of the public, on account of the great-
ness of Ihe undertaking, and the vast and unprofit-
able outlay of money. He was unwilling to make
tho^e road.' contribute to the piyrnent of ihe taxes
properly payable by oiher poriions of the country,
to sustain ihe Post Office Department. Hp con-
cluded wiih some further remarks m support < f bis
amendment.
Mr. MILLER, ss one of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, which had reported the
bill, felt that it was due to the chairman to state
that he bad concurred wiih him not only |n its ne-
cessity, on the special grounds stated in its previ-
sions, but as a preliminary and necessary step for
the other important bills contemplated by the com-
mittee—one of which was a reduction of po-tage.
He entered at large into the subject of the losses
ar d disadvantages which the Post Office labored un-
der in consequence of the competition (rem private
expresses, and showed the necessity for putting
them down; which he contended could not be ef-
fected unless by carrying out the provisions of the
bill, as intended to be modified by the chairman's
amendment,
Mr. CONRAD, as a member of the committee,
also expressed his conviction that this meaare was
indispensable for the preservation of the Post Of-
fice Department. It made little difference whether
the question really at issue came up on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Porter,] or the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Meb-
rick;] it was still a question whether the com-
petition of these private expresses operating
so injuriously to the interests of the depart-
ment, should be suffered to monopolize the most
profitable part of the business, or should be sup-
pressed1? He argued at considerable length to
show that already these private expresses had made
great inroads on the only valuable routes of the
regular mail, and that they would continue to en-
croach till they would also destroy the letter-carry-
ing business, unless this bill were passed.
Mr. WALKER supported the bill by reference
to the expenses of the West, where, in consequent
of ihe facilities afforded by steamboat communica-
tion from Pittsburg to New Orleans, the Post Office
Department must suffer an annual loss of postage
on letters and mail matter of not less than from
one to two hundred thousand dollars. It was a
common practice for large commission houses to
have tin boxes on board these boais, for carrying
letters and parcels from one city to another—their
correspondents haying one key, and themselves
another.
A commission house of this kind in Vicksburg
or Natchez could invite all their customers to put
their letters in their tin boxes; and for twenty-five
cents paid to the steamboat for its carriage, mail
matter amounting to hundreds of dollars might be
transmitted, Five or six commission houses, and
five or six rich planters connected with them—hav-
ing the control of their steamboats, in consequence
of being able to freight them—could get all their
letters postage free from New Orleans to Natchez,
and then to any city on the line of navigation;
while the producing classes in the interior of the
country had to pay double postage, because the
department cannot reduce the rates so long as these
frauds are practised.
The debate was continued by Messrs. CHOATE
and SIMMONS until half-past 3 o'clock; when,
On motion of Mr. CHOATE, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
MoNDiY, February 6, 1843.
Mr. KE1M presented the petition of John S.
Jennings, asking compensation for revolutionary
services.
Mr. MOORE presented evidence in support of
the claim of John D. S. Arden: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Timothy Denore: referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
BANKRUPT ACT.
Mr. CLIFFORD, on leave, presented the follow-
ing resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine:
state op Maine.
RESOLVES RELATING TO THE BANKRUPT ACT.
Resolved, That the Senators in Congress from this State be,
and they hereby ate, instructed, and the Keprp^entatives re-
quested, to ire then constant and continued ex<.rtiono for the
immediate and uncondition.il repeal of the bankrupt ^cr, pass-
ed at the extra f*e=?ion of (he 27th Congress.
Iici.r>loed, That d eu[>y of the foregoing resolution, signed by
the Governor, be forwnidetl by the Secietaiyof State to each
ot said Senators and Representative?.
In the House of Represent itives, January 31, 1843-
DAVID DUNN, Speaker.
In Senate, Februaiy 1-t, 1S43-
EDWARD KAVANAGH, Piesideut.
February I, 1S43—Approved:
JOHN FAIRFIELD.
A true copy:
Attest. PHILIP C. JOHNSON,
Secrelaiy of Slate.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed,
VIRGINIA. RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HOPKINS, on leave, presented certain
resolutions lately adopted by the Legislature of the
State of Virginia, asserting it, as the opinion of
the Legislature, ihat a representative is bound to
obey the will of his constituents, or io resign his
seat—declaring that Wm. S Archer, one of the
Senators from that State in the Congress of the
United States, by his votes in favor of a bank of
the United States, and for the repeal of that provis-
ion of the law for the distribution of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, which provided that
distribution should cease whenever the duties upon
imports are increased beyond twenty per cent., has
violated that great principle, and disregarded the
known wishes of his constituents. Also, instruc-
ting the Senators, and requesting tbe Representa-
tives from the Slate to vote for the repeal of the
tariff acts of the last session; to vote against any
tariff act not solely for revenue; to endeavor to
procure a repeal of the distribution act; to vote
fgainst, and use all proper means to prevent the
incorporation of a bank of the United States, or
any other institution with banking powers; and to
use all proper means to procure a repeal of the
bankrupt law: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said that a report had been
printed, and laid on their tables, purporting to be
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary, in
favor of the claim of Joseph Nourse. This was a
mistake; the committee having reported against the
claim, and this being the report of a single mem-
ber, which was rejected by the majority. He pre-
sumed that it was printed as the report of the
committee by mistake, under the order directing
the printing of the papers relating to the case. The
only way to correct the error, in his opinion, would
be to direct the Clerk, in making up the documents
of the House, to leave it out.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that, as the re-
port was drawn up by him, it was proper for him
to say thnt he knew nothing about the way it came
to be printed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to recommit
the report; but after some conversation, in which
Messrs. ROOSEVELT, BOWNE, and McKEN-
NAN took part,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON withdrew his motion;
and the first motion of Mr. Roosevelt, to direct
the Clerk to leave out the paper in making up the
public documents, was put and carried.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the regular order
of business, which
The SPEAKER said was reports of committees.
WABASH AND ERIE CANAL.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana, on leave, presented
the joint resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana
on the subject of the Wabash and Erie Canal;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CO WEN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which had been referred the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Philadelphia on the subject, re-
ported a bill to indemnify Amos Kendall for dam-
ages recovered against him by Stockton & Stokes,
for his decision against them while in the perform-
ance o* bis duty as Postmaster General, accompa-
nied by a report on the case.
The Committee o! Claims, in their report to the
Hou«e of Represei'tatives, made by Mr. Cowen,
in the case of Ames Kendall, among other things,
hold the following language:
"From ail (he ovidence in the case, the committee are satis-
fied tnat Mr. Kendall was governed by a desire to guard the
Post Ofiice Department, over which he presided, against loss,
by allowances which he believed unjust and illegal. That
purpose was adhsivd to with unusual pertinacity, but not from
any design to do injustice to the contractors. It is believed to
be import ant that honest gum dians of the treasury should
not be permitted io suffer for their fidelity. It is not often
that public officers err, as' Mr. Kendall did, in favor of the
United States; and ll those who, in their zeal to save the treas-
ury fiom unjim claims upon it, are subjected to suits for dam-
ages, and imprisonment, for whatever error they may commit,
without indemnity or relief, we may well question whether,
in all r.ise? of doubt to which the Government is a party, the
decisions will not be in favor of the claimant, especially "when
it 15 considered that errois against the Governmeat are veiy
rarely mode the subject of serious complaint."
The bill having been read twice, Mr. COWEN
moved to make it the special order of the day for
Friday next.
The SPEAKER said that Friday was already
set apart for other business.
Mr. COWEN was aware that the way was
entirely blocked up, and that the public business
was very pressing; but there was no chance of get-
ting this bill considered, unless a special day was
