Congressional globe.
§4?
assigned for it. He apprehended that the H. use,
upon an examination of this case, would find thai
it was one of the strongest that h d ever been pre-
sented for its interposition. It was a ca>>e that
only wanted a hearing to insure its favorable con-
sideration, and that hearing could only be obtained
by assigning a special day for its consideration.
Mr. C. concluded by moving that the bill be made
the special order of the day for Friday next.
The SPEAKER said that Friday was set apart
for other business.
Mr. CO WEN then moved Saturday; but
The SPEAKER said that Saturday was also
taken up.
Mr. COWEN then moved to take up the bill
now.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS argued that the case
should be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. COWEN was satisfied that, if the gentle-
man from Kentucky would turn his attention to
the case, he would readily agree that no examina-
tion was necessary. There was bo difficulty in
the way. It was a case in which a public officer
had suffered loss by endeavoring to protect the
public interests; and, in his opinion, the House
should protect such officers from loss or damage.
On the first trial of this case, tbe court being satis-
fied that the jury had given vindictive damages,
set the verdict aside, and granted a new trial; and,
upon the second trial, the jury unanimously cer-
tified that they were satisfied that Mr. Kendall
acted from the purest motives, and ia what he
believed to be the strict line of his duty.
Mr. I. C. CLARK called Mr. C. to order.
Mr. COWEN went on, and endeavored to ex-
plain the case. It was simply this: Mr. Kendall
declined to comply with an award of the Solicitor
of the Treasury, under the direction of Congress;
and, upon a mandamus from the district court, he
did comply with it He understood that Mr. K.
acted under the advice of the President and his
cabinet.
Mr. J. C. CLARK again called Mr. C. to order,
and he took his seat.
Mr. G DAVIS sa-d that they had passed laws
to prohibit extra allowances to guard the public
treasury against abuses, and the Executive and
the public officers had laughed at them. Here
was a similar ca-e. A law had been passed, which
it was Mr. Kendall's duty to carry into execution;
yet he had set it at defiance, and now came and
asked to be relisved from the consequences. Now,
he thought that it was a proper subject of inquiry
for the Judiciary Committee to consider hon? far
a public officer should act on his own opinions in
opposition to a law of Congress; and he hoped the
bill would be referred to that committee.
Mr. JOHN C. CLARK s'ated that there were
two propositions before the House: one was to
take the bill up and consider it now; and the other
was to refer it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He (Mr. C.) was against both of them, and
thought that the subject should ba considered in
Committee of the Whole House. He did not pre-
tend to say whether this was a just claim or not,
but it was due to the members of the H'>use that
they should have an opportunity to take this report
home with them, and consider it, hefire bem  com-
pelled to vote on it. He did not admire that sort
of railroad legislation, which would take a bill up
and pass it on the very day it was introduced; smd
he thought it would not be slighting the committee
who had made a report % this case, to take it up
and examine it in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COWEN said that, being opposed, as he
always had beep, to the consumption of the time
of the House, he would not press his motion, but
would acquiesce in the reference to the Committee
of the Whole.
The question was then put, and the bill and re-
port were referred to tbe Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUBARD, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of George Harrison,
paymaster in the Kentucky militia during the last
war; which was twice read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Also, he presented several adverse reports.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland asked,leave to
offer a joint resolution for rewarding the officers
who were engaged in the exploring expedition:
objected to, and aot received.
PORT PENN.
Mr. RODNEY submitted a resolution, (which
was agreed to,) directing the Committee of Ways
and Means to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king a suitable appropriation for the repairs of the
public pier near Port Psnn, in tbe Delaware
river, together with the lands and tenements there-
unto belonging, the jurisdiction thereof having
been ceded to the United States by an act of the
General Assembly of the State of Delaware, passed
January 29, 1791, with the express understanding
of the General Government, declared by acts of
Congress approved August 7, 1789, and July 22,
1790, to pay all necsssary expenses to support the
boundaries, and repair the said piers, on condition
of such cession being made.
Mr. WM. 0. BUTLER, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made an adverse report on the claim
of Caleb Atwater.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to provide
for the completion of the Potomac bridge; which
was read twice, and committed.
In connexion with this subject, the committee
had directed him to report the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate to this House a full statement of the manner in which
the several suras of money appropriated for the repair of the
Potomac bridge have been expended—m which the sums paid
fur materials, and to whom paid, the sums paid for work and
labor, and to whom, and the nature of the work and labor they
severally performed, shall be separately stated. And that he
also inform this House whether the officers, superintendents,
and hands employed upon said bridge, in its repair, have
been paid by the day, month, or year, and at what rate; and
whether any officer, superintendent, or hand, so employed, has,
duimg his employment, received compensation for any other
public service, and how much.
Mr. BAKER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on th? case of
Thomas W. Drewry.
COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. BOWNE, from th^ Committee on Pubiic
Buildings and Grounds—who were instructed, by
a resolution of this House of the 30th day of De-
cember last, to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing the office ot Commissioner of Public Build-
ings in this city, or of reducing his compensation—
made a written report, in which the committee set
forth the inexpediency of abolishing the office.
They, however, thought the salary should be re-
duced; but they deemed it invidious to reduce the
salary of this officer, without embracing in the
same bill the salaries of other officers of the Gov-
ernment niailarly situated, which, with the same
propriety and justice, required reduction.
He was understood to move that the report be
printed, (which was agreed to,) and that it be re-
ferred to the Select Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. BOARDMAN said he had a bill on that
subject, which he wished to present; and for the in-
troduction of which, as objection was made, he
moved a suspension of tbe rules.
The bill was read, for the information of the
House. It was "An act to fix the compensation
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings," and
proposed to fir the salary at $2,000, instead of
$3,000, as heretofore.
Mr. CLIFFORD hoped the bill would be re-
ceived, and passed.
The House agreed to suspend the rales for its
reception; and the bill was read a first and second
time.
Mr. FILLMORE said it would be better to put
the bill on its third reading.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved its engrossment,
with that view.
The yeas and nays were called for.
Mr. BOWNE said the Committee on tbe Public
Buildings, pursuant to the instructions of the
House, had given this subject a pretty thorough
investigation; and, while they agreed that the sal-
ary of the Commissioner should be reduced, the
committee were of opinion that it would be invid-
ious to reduce in an isolated case, when the officer
was receiving no greater excess of salary than nine-
tenths of the officers of the Government. The
subject of salaries generally had been referred to a
select committer, from whom it was expeqjed that
a general bill, reducing all salaries, as far as pro-
priety would admit, would be received; and to that
committee they wished this particular case to go,
wiih the report of the committee. Bat now a mi-
nority of the Ccmmittee on Public Buildings—i<a5*,
a single member of that committee, on his owii
motion, sought a suspension of the rales for the
introduction of a bill in this isolated case, without
waiting for the printing of the report just made,
and now it was put upon its engrossment, and a
disposition was shown to pass it right off. Where
was his colleague from New York, [Mr. J. C.
Clark,] who, a few minutes ago, protested against
hasty legislation when a bill was before the Hous",
supported by the unanimous vote of the Committee
of Claims, for the relief of Amos Kendall?!—a bill
which the chairman of that committee declared
had more merits than any other bill which had
been reported to this House. He was silent now;
and when a bill relating to the salary of an officer,
who was in the situation of nearly all other officers
of this Government, was brought in, it was pushed
through with hot haste, and was to be passed with-
out any consideration whatever. He (Mr. B.)
was not opposed to retrenchment, but in favor of
it; but he was opposed to the oppression of an in-
dividual when he : aw that he was singled out by
the malice of one man—he did not mean any one
member of this House, or of a committee of this
House—but a single man who was out of either,
but resident in this city—while othersin a similar
situation were left untouched.
Mr. HOPKINS said this bill proposed to reduce
the salary of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, and they had the statement of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bowne] that the committee
unanimously favored the reduction; and yet objec-
tion to the passage of this bill came from that gen-
tleman alone, after be had presented a report from
a committee recommending such reduction—which
committee should have reported a bill to carry out
their own recommendation. The House, however,
had permitted one of its members to report a bill,
and he did not deem its passage, under all the cir-
cumstances, to be legislating in hot haste. What
did the bill propose? To reduce the salary of a
subordinate officer of the Government to |2,000—-a
sum exceeding the salary of many of the Governors
of the Slates of this Union, and of many of the
judges of the States, whose station required talents
and energies far greater and superior to those
required by the duties of the office in question. At
this late period of the session, he thought he should
best consult the wishes of the House by demanding
the previous question. He however withdrew that
motion, at tbe request of
Mr. BOARDMAN, who, in the course of some
observations, said it was of some consequence that
this salary should be fixed before the general ap-
propriation bill was passed, as thereby provisioa
must be made for its payment.
Mr. WARD, as a member of the Committee on
the Public Buildings and Grounds, said they were
in favor of a reduction of this salary, bat they
thought it would be invidious to reduce it alone,
especially while the postmaster of the House,,
whose services were only for three months one
year, and about sis months the next, was receiving
#1,500 per annum; and Wilson, who occupied the
place of an officer in the rotundo, received $1,500
lor walking about there. It appeared to him that
those salaries should be reduced also. Now, what
were the duties of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings?
The fee-simple of the land on which all the pub-
lic buildings stand, and of all the reservations and
unsold lots in the city of Washington, is in the
Commissioner of Publ.c Buildings, as successor
of the three first commissioners appointed by Gen-
eral Washington. The original conveyances, and
the plats of the divisions ot the lands between the
proprietors and the commissioners, and all the let-,
ters, minute-books, accounts, and papers of every
