M§
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
description in relation to the city, are filed away in
the office of the Commissioner. The books of the
squares, reservations, &c., with the divisions of the
squares into lots, with the number of square feet in
each lot, are also kept in this office. These records
are the property of the General Government, and
have Been placed in a fire-proof office, under ihe
charge of an officer appointed by the Government,
and responsible to it for the faithful discharge of
his duties. "His principal duties are as follows:
To report to the House of Representatives, at
the commencement of the session, copies of all the
contracts for the past year, the names of the appli-
cants for said contracts, and the amount of their
respective bids.
To make to Congress, annually, at the com-
mencement of the year, a report of the manner in
which all appropriations for the public buildings
and grounds have been applied.
To submit all the estimates for public buildings
and grounds to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, to be examined and approved by
them, before they are reported to the House.
To form all the contracts, and disburse all the
moneys for materials furnished, or labor per-
formed.
To have a general superintendence of all per-
sons under him in the employment of the Govern-
ment, and to pay them monthly the amount of their
wages.
To attend at his office to the calls of all persons
on matters of business; to make examinations for
them; and to furnish reports, papers, and evi-
dence front the records of his office, when called
for.
To ascertain the number and value of public
lots; to make sales of the same, when necessary; to
execute deeds of conveyance to the purchaser?; and
to account for the proceeds.
To select and value donation lots.
To attend to suits depending between the United
States and individuals in relation to the public
lots.
To cause regular entries to be made of all the
moneys paid away on account of the Government,
and to keep each appropriation separate and dis-
tinct, and to procure vouchers (at his own risk) ihat
will pass the treasury.
To see that the necessary alterations and repairs
are made at the Capitol and the President's House;
and that the grounds at each place are kept m
proper order.
To take charge of the public reservations and
lots belonging to Government; and to protect from
injury the buildings, trees, shrubs, enclosures, cul-
verts, pipes, hydrants, cisterns, lamps and bridges;
and to prevent the removal of any stone, grave),
sand, or other property of the United Slates, on
any part of the public grounds or lots belonging
to the United States,.in the city of Washington,
To take an inventory of the plate and furniture
at the President's Blouse, when the President's
term of service expiies.
To take charge oi the house and furniture in the
absence of the President and h's family, and to
remove" the plate to some place of fafety.
To keep in order the iro,> pipi-s that conduct the
water from Smith's spring, by the Capiio', !o the
General Post Office, mid to ih.: Trtaury aiid 3 ate
Departments; and from Fountain square to the
President's House, and to the War and Navy De-
partments—a distance of more than three miles-.
These, with the fire plugs, are frequently out of
order, and require much attention.
To take charge of the Potomac bridge; to cau?e
it to be properly lighted; to guard against wanton
injuries and obstructions; and to preserve a due
police on, or near it, so as to insure the safety of
the passengers and of the public property; to ap-
point three efficient draw-keepers, and to see that
they discharge their duties faithfully.
To cause the rules and regulations prescribed by
the joint orders of the presiding officers of tbe two
Houses of Congress, for the care, preservation,
and orderly keeping and police of the Capitol and
its appurtenances, to be enforced by the five watch-
men or police officers appointed by him, and who
are responsible to him for the faithful discharge of
their duties.
To prohibit refreshments to be sold in any part
of the building or its appendages, except in such
rtoms as are appropriated to lhat purpose by Con-
gress; and that the bills of rates of the restaurateurs
(after having been approved by him) be kept past-
ed up in each room.
To cause the Capitol square and the Pennsyl-
vania avenue to be properly lightfd up on dark
rainv nights, and when the moon affords no light.
To pay the captain and the auxiliary watch
their compensation monthly, and to settle the ac-
count at the proper department.
The head of each bureau has under him many
experienced and well-informed clerks, who can
transact, and ha\e transacted, the business of the
office, for weeks at a time, in the absence of the
chief, without any public inconvenience. Not so
with the Comir.isstoner of Public Buildings. The
nature of his duties is such as to require his almost
daily attention to, and inspection of, the various
subjects committed to his charge. •
The Commissioner has disbursed and accounted
for more than one million eight hundred thousand
dollars within tbe last six years; and will have
heavy disbursements to make every year. More
fire-proof buildings are needed, and must be built,
to protect from t'ne ravages of the fire the very
many valuable papers and documents which are
now deposited in unsafe buildings, and in rented
houses. As the improvements increase, the duties
of the Commissioner are necessarily increased.
Now, while the committee were disposed to have
the salary of the Commissioner reduced, they
thought, in justice to that officer,who had faithfully
discharged hi-; duties, he should not be selected for
retrenchment, while others were left untouched.
He (Mr. Ward) was in favor of retrenchment;
and he hoped and trusted it would go on. He
hoped the HoU'<e would proceed, as be was sure
there was a disposition to retrench—to carry it out
in the bill making appropriations for the navy,
which was partially discu-.sed; and not only in the
navy and the army, but in the civil offices likewise;
and that the House would not thus invidiously se-
lect an officer who had faithfully discharged his
duties.
Mr. BRONSON moved to amend Ihe bill, by
striking out $3,000, and inserting #1,500; and on
this he moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, the main
question was ordered, and the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Bronson] was agreed
to; thereby reducing the salary from $3,000 to
$1,500.
Mr. ARNOLD was disirous to amend the bill,
by appending thereto his bill to reduce the com-
pensation of members of Congress; but he was in-
formed that such a motion was not m ordtr. The
bill W3S thrn ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. WISE requested the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arnold] to move to recommit the bill,
for the purpose of making it embrace all the other
reductions which had been proposed—and especially
that oi Ihe gentleman from Tennessee, to tednce
the pay of members of Congress. As he had the
floor, he (Mr. W.) would make that motion m the
name of Ihe gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. FILLMORE moved the previ us qu^tjon,
Mr. I50WNE Killed for the yeas .".ml navs.
Mr. ARNOLD hoped the previons quesii..n
would not bs entertained; as, thereby, his motion
would be cut off.
Mr. WISE. Will the previous q'ie:tion cut off
toy motion tu recommit?
The SPEAKER rcp'ied in the affirmative.
Mr. WiSE. Well, we want <hc yens and nays
on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. The pre-
vious question was ihcn seconded—-the vote in the
affirmative (taken by Messrs. Weller find Linn)
being 110 The noes were not taken,
Mr McKENNAN then moved that the bill be
laid on the tgble.
This motion v. a-, rejected—yeas 31, nays 161, ?s
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Barton, Bowne, William O. But-
ler, John Campbell, Staley N. Clarke, Cross, Cushmg, Haw-
son, Doig, Everett, Gilmer, Granger, Henry, Holmes, How-
ard, William W. Irwin, Lowell, JMcKennan, Powell, Alexan-
der H. H. Stuart, Sumter, Taliaferro, Richard W. Thompson,
Underwood, Ward, Watterson, Welter, Edward D. White,
and'Wise—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Ather-
ton, Aycngg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Birdseye,
Black, Blair, Boardman. B>yd, Brewster, Brisgs, Brockway,
Bronson, A- V. Brown, M. Brown, C. Brown, Jeremiah Brown,
Burke, Burnell, William Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Pat-
rick C. Caldwell, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Carv, Casey, Chapman, Childs,
Chittenden, John C. Ciark, Clifford, Clinton, Colquitt, James
Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Crawford,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard T>. Davis, Dean, Deberry,
Doan, Eastman, John Edwards. Egbert, Fessenden, Fillmore,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornarice, A. Lawrence
Foster. Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Gid-
dings, William O. Goo if, Gordon, Graham, Gwin, Halsted,
Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hudson, Hunt,
Charles J. In^ersolt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson,
Keim, John F.Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy. Lane, Linn, llt-
ilefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay,
McKeon, Mallory, Alfred Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mathews, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Medill, Meriwether,
Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Newhard, Oliver,
Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne, Pearce, Pen-
dleton. Pope, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Rayner, Reed, Red-
ing, Rencher, Reynolds, linkway, Rlg^s, Rodney, Rogers,
Roosevelt, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Sanford, Saunders, Sewell, Shepperd, Shields, Truman
Smith, William Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely,
Stratum, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sweney, Jacob Thomp-
son, Titlinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Turncy, War-
ren, Washington, Westbrook, Joseph l. White, Christopher
H Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wmthrop, Wood, Yorke,
Augustus Young, and John Young—161,
Tbe main question was ordered to be now put;
and the bill passed.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired whether the morning
hour had not expired?
The SPEAKER said it had.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Un!on.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the House go into
committee, with a view to take up his retrenchment
bill, No. 548—[laughter]—the most important bill
now before Congress.
The SPEAKER decided lhat the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fillmore] had
precedence.
Mr. M. A, COOPER, by general consent, intro-
duced a bill "amendatory of the act establishing a
branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, and defining
the duties of assayer and coiner." The bill was
read twice, and ordered to lie on the Speaker's ta-
ble for tbe action of the House.
Mr. ARNOLD rose to a question of order. He
wished to know whether he was to understand the
Spcaku as having decided that bis motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on a particular bill
(No. 548) was out of order?
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York had precedence. He sug-
gested that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Arnold] might aitsm his objcct by moving to take
up his bill in committee, which a majority would
be competent to do.
Mr. ARNOLD said he never could get the floor
in committee. The presiding officer always hap-
pened to be against htm.
Mr. GILMER gave notice that he should take
the earliest opportunity, when the House resolved
i'sclf m'o Committee of th  Whole, to move to
tike up the bill reported la t session from the Se-
lect Committee on 'he Cur.-ency.
The qv stion was then taken on going into com-
mi'tee, ?nd decided in the affirmative—ayes 104,
noes not coi'nt'M, (Mr. Allen of Maine took the
chair )
Mr. ARNOLD moved th'f the committee post-
pone th" further consideration of the navy bill, with
a view to take up his bill, (No. 548 )
Tellers were ordered, [Mes«rj. Ri-adsnd Under-
wood,] and repor'ed ajy?s 55, nets 79.
So the committee refused to postpone the navy
appropriation bill.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The committee then resumed Ihe consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the support
of the navy; the qncsti^n being on the amendment
of Mr. Meriwether, reducing the pay of the
officers twenty per cent.
Mr. PnoFPiT (who fas entitled to the floor)
not bei-'g in the hall,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON observed that the ques-
tion before ihs committee was a very limited one,
am! should not, he thought, bring on any general
debate as to the merits of the navy or its sizs. It was
