CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 184:
Volume 12* •••No. 17.
Continued from No. 16,
the consideration of the appropriations before we have correct
information upon the amount of a piobabie income: There-
fore,
jResolved, That this appropriation hill be laid aside inform-
ally; and that a committee be appointed to inquire and report
upon the probable revenue; to report a bill, arranging the du-
ties upon imports so as to raise the largest amount ol revenue;
and further to report upon the best mode of retrenching ex-
penses, so as to make the revenue meet the expenses.
The CHAIR said the resolution was not in or-
der.
Several members: "It is not offered."
Mr. HOLMES said he now gave notice of his
intention to offer the resolution, and also of his in-
tention to move that a committee be appointed,
whose duty it should be to examine into the causes
of a failure in ihe revenues of the Government; to
repoft to the House the proper means to be resorted
to, to supply tbe deficiency; and to report whether
it was not proper to cut down—not the navy, not
the army, not the civil list—but ail and every salary
and emolument now enjoyed by any person in the
employ of the Government, in a honzontal scale.
Tire question was now presented, whether we
should have a Government such as Mr. Jefferson
wanted, and which he (Mr. H.) did not want; or a
Government such as the expuience of the last w/w
taught us was the most proper—a Government
wiih adequate means of defence. It must, he
thought, be evident that we could not carry on our
Government wiih a revenue of §10,000,000, unless
we abandoned our navy—not wnb such & revenue,
unless we were content 10 have a passive com-
merce. It was needless to think of keeping ships
in every quarter of the globe, without a navy to
enforce their lights and the decrees of tins Govern-
ment. New, whilst he wished to sustain our com-
merce, we had before us the discovery lhat ou'r
means were decreasing, whilst our expenditures
were increasing. The resources on which alone
we had to rely, were those derived, in the first
place, from a tax on commerce, and, in the second,
from direct taxation. What was the present
position of our commerce? In 1816, our trade
was in the most flourishing condition, and nil
countries- were tributaries to the United States,
Then, was introduced a system ol indirect taxation,
for the benefit uf internal industry. The encour-
agement given to internal industry had the effect
of diminishing import";, and of breaking down
commerce. As commerce decreased, so did the
duties derived by Government from imports. The
failure of the one produced a failure of the ather.
What was the answer of thise friends of home in-
dustry, when the prediction was made, that, by
„fostering it, we should diminish eommeice, and
lessen the duties derivable frou imports? They
j aid, when import duties fail, tax those establish-
ments and pursuits which your policy has reared.
The time had now arrived when thi; prediction was
verified, and when, by pushing the tax upon com-
merce to an extreme, for the benefit of these domes-
tic establishments, the revenue had failed. There
must either be a resort to commerce, by reducing
the tariff; or to excises and other direct taxes, as
held out by the advocates of home industry, when
commerce was first taxed for their benefit. But
did any one believe that if a tax of 20 per cent,
were imposed upon all the iron, coal, cloth,
spirits, and oiher articles manufactured in the
United States, it would be paid? Most assuredly
not. Were such a measure to be carried, he be-
lieved that it would excite an insurrection, m com-
parison with which the famous "whiskey insurrec-
tion" would be but as a small breeze to thehowl-
iDg storm. Could gentlemen seriously think of
taxing the wheat of Indiana or Illinois, the cotton
of Mississippi, the means of exhausted Maryland?
'These States could not now support iheir State
Governments. They could, with difficulty, strug-
gle against the weight of indebtedness upon them.
All other measures would be of no avail, except
a modification of the tariff and a revival ol free
trade. However painful it might be to the manu-
facturers, they must be told that the questien was
not whether theirinterests should suffer, but whether
this great Republic should survive or perish. The
tariff must be brought down to the sole objects of
revenue—the revtnue point. There was one point,
which, whenever arrived at, produced smuggling;
and also a point which was too low, because a
higher one would producs more revenue. Genile-
men might depend upon it, should the present
tariff be allowed to remain in force two more years,
there would be little or no revenue at all. He
had lately seen a letter from Mr. Everett, our
minister at London, in which it was s'ated that
he had ascertained, beyond a doubt, that the
most extensive preparations were making to carry
on a system of smuggling along the whole of our
frontier. He had also been told by a ftiend who
was acquainted with tbe lake trade, that great prep-
arations were making for smuggling. (A voice:
"Whataie the}?"] A large amount of capital had
been invested in erecting warehouses, and m the
construction of vessels suited to the business. An
efficient police was also engaged to further tbe de-
signs of smugglers, and thereby enable ihemto
bring in goods at a cost of from 10 to 12 per cent,
to the American'merchant.
He called attention to what the Whigs of the
present Congress had done. Did they dream, when
they created the present high tariff, that in less
than six months the revenue would lapse into one-
half of what they estimated? Was it not their
duty to propose some mode of reliel? They said
their hands weie tied, and lhat they had not the
executive power. Tiie Democrats contended
that they were not responsible, being then in a
minority. The Executive could not act, because
Congress was not with him. Congress would not,
because it was divided into parties. Parties would
not, because they were engaged in President-ma-
king. Thus, whi'st the question with us was, wheth-
er a Northern or a Southern man should be Presi-
dent, the Government was gradually going to
decay-
He should not vote for any diminution of sala-
ries, unless he could carry ont a total reform. He
wished members would come to the rescue. The
people, be it It assured, wculd take matters in their
own hands, unless Congress should soon act as be-
came it. Congress should cut down the salaries of
its own members, as well as tbe salaries of officers
of the Government. Such a measure—general m
its character—would, he thought, have a salutary
effect. Let not gentlemen talk of cutting down the
navy only. Lei them not say tha> its officers were
idle and dissipated. Pass this reduction < f their
pay alone, and it would be a direct censure cast
upon them He referred to the situation of the
country during tbe last war, when dismay was
spread over the land, and when the hearts of some
of the stoutest patriots quailed at tbe thought that
our country had too hastily entered into a contest
with England. Nothing but the achievements of
the navy dispersed the gloom, and enabled us to end
(he war in one blaze of glory. He related several
anecdotes of our navy, and also of the British ser-
vice, in order to illustrate his portion, that it was
not necessary to the efficiency of the navy that its
officers should always be fighting, or, like Nan-
tucket whalers, always on the ocean.
He was, in time of peace, for keeping the navy
in a state of efficiency to be prepared for war; and
deprecated Mr. Jefferson's Chinese policy, which
prevented the growth of that arm of national de-
fence. Did gentlemen expect—with our mer-
chants competing with Great Britain in every
clime, in the sale of those manufactures so essen-
tial to her existence, and contesting with her the
carrying trade, which enabled her mercantile ma-
rine to keep up her military marine—that we
should escape from the-same attack that was made
on China, if our navy should be dismantled? Gen-
tlemen from the West, who were so much opposed
to appropriations for an efficient navy, thought
themselves perfectly ensconced behind the moun-
tains, and as secure from the British Paixban guns
as a tortoise within her shell is from the birds and
beasts of prey; but they might find themselves
mistaken. He declared it as his belief that, with-
out tbe protection of an efficient navy, there was
not a point in the country watered by our rivers
that would not be assailed by British cannon from
their steamships, in ihe event of a war with that
power. The Atlantic and the Gulf were admitted
to be assailable by all; but gentlemen thought that
the mighty rivers of the interior were safe. There
was not one of them that was so. Did any gen-
tleman suppose that the British steamships could
not run up the Mississippi, and lay the towns on
its banks under contribution? Whoever doubted
it, deubted the application of means to ends. Nay,
tr ore; there were the Northern lakes, which could
be covered by British fleets before any preparation
could be made to meet them. Gentlemen were
aware that ships from Liverpool, of one thousand
tons, could now enter Lake Ontario, through the
Welland Canal. Suppose a war should be declared
with England. Their steamships could go up the
canal, take possession of every take, take posses-
sioa of the peninsula of Michigan—go up the
Mississippi, and take possession of the towns on
its banks; and where were we, without a navy, to
meet them? What dependence was there on the
much-vaunted Western rifle? Why, we might as
well attempt to take possession of tbe rock of Gib-
raltar with the artows of the Indian, as to assail
one of these mighty engines with rifles.
Now, hi? proposition to each and every member
of the House was this: to put their bands on their
hearts, and resolve to extricate the country at
once from the difficulties in which it is involved;
lhat a committee be appointed to inquire into the
best mode of accomplishing that object, and adapt-
ing the remedy to the situation of the country and
its resources, without any regard to sectional in-
terests or to President-making. Mr. H. referred
to the embarrassed state of the treasury, the de-
ficiency of revenue under tbe late high tariff, and
the growing increase of the public debt; and showed
that, without some adequate measure of relief, the
country would soon be driven to the alternatives
spoken of by the gentleman (M m Georgia, [Mr.
Cooper,]—of direct taxation, or the abolishment
of the navy and aimy. Extensive preparations
were making for smuggling goods into the coun-
try, which would reduce our tevenues from im-
port-.. to a still lower state. Under these circum-
stances, he appealed to gentlemen to lay aside party
feelings and sectional interests, and adapt their
legislation to the welfare of the whole country.
It was not now a question whether one interest
should be fostered at the expense of another, nor
whether the people could live under a smuggling
trade; but whether the Government should bs
carried on.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana observed that, from
the commencement, of this session down to the
present hour, it had become extremely fashionable
among that portion of the members who were
pleased to term themselves the Democracy, to
avail themselves of every occasion to denounce
the Whig party—denounce their principles, and
impeach their motives of action. The speech of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
just delivered, was a continuation of these attacks;
and he could wish that the province of defending
his party bad fallen into abler and belter hands.
He had, some days since, determined to take the
first opportunity to make that defence; and, weak
as it m;ght be, he would now make it. It would
be well if gentlemen of the Democracy, before
ihey denounced the principles of the Whigs, would
declare what their principles were. The Whigs,
they said, were the high tariff party, the distribu-
tion party, and the bank of the United States par-
ty; bat what were their principles? There seemed
to be a difference of opinion among gentlemen ol
