$6%
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
yet unpaid: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
eitizens of Pennsylvania, complaining of the em-
barrassments of the country, which they ascribe to
the want of a sufficient circulating medium; and
recommending, to cure these evils, the issue by the
4 General Government, to be distributed to the
States and Territories in a representative ratio,
$200,000,000 of stock, based on the public domain:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Michigan, relative
to a survey of a military road by the General
Government, leading from Saginaw to Mackinac;
which were referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. FULTON presented joint resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of Arkansas, recommending
. Memphis, Tennessee, as the most suitable point
on the Western waters at which to establish a dock
yard, and naval depot, and national armory, and
urging the passage of a law for that purpose: refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING said he had received resolutions
adopted by the grand jury of the city of Mobile,
with a presentment, in which it was stated that
the room in connexion with the custom-house at
that place, in which the circuit court of the United
States was holden, was dilapidated, and so entirely
unfit for that purpose that the judges were un-
willing to risk themselves, or juries, on any future
occasion. In consequence ot the court-house of
the county being occupied in the holding of county
courts, it was utterly impossible to get such por-
tion of that building as would do for the purposes
of the district court.
Mr. K., therefore, submitted the following reso-
lution, viz:
Resolved, That ttie Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the construction of a building in the city of Mobile, lor the
accommodation of the district court, or for the repair of the
room connected with the custom-house, heretofore used for that
purpose.
Mr. BAGBY remarked, that, from his own per-
sonal knowledge, the statement of the condition of
that room was true.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
Hardin county, Kentucky; and Mr. MILLER pre-
sented a memorial from Warren county, New
Jersey, preying for the repeal o£ the bankrupt law;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to send
to the Senate a copy of General Jackson's letter to the War
Department, dated Nashville, Septernber5, 181S; with a copy
also of the paper transmitted by certain officers, justifying the
declaration of martial law, and his other acts liavins; for their ob-
ject thesafety and defence of New Ortfeans.
Mr. TAPPAN, on leave, introduced a bill ta
repeal the act entitled "An act paswd 10th March,
1818, to change the time of holding the circuit and
district court's of the State of Ohio," approved June
1st, 1§42; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, ihe bill for the
relit f of William Selden, Treasurer of the United
State., was taken lip as in committee of the whole.
Mr. G. explained that the bill, for which the
Committee on Claims had reported an en'ire sub
stitute, was simply a bill to enable the Treasurer
of the United States to pay over to the owners of
Iheslaveslost on board the Comet and Encomium
the indemnity paid by the British Governm-nt for
said slaves, which was on deposite in the treasury.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to;
and there being no proposition further to amend
the bill, it was reported to the Senate, and ordered,
as amended, to be engrossed for a third reading.
The following resolution, heretofore introduced
by Mr. Benton, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested (so far as it may
be compatible with the public interest; to communicate to the
Senate copies of any remonstrance or pioteyt addressed by
General Cass, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pienipoten-
tiaiy ol 1 tie United States at the court of France, to that Gov-
ernment, against the ratification, by France, of the quintuple
treaty, anil of all correspondence between the Govern
merits of the United States and France, and of al! communica-
tions from the said General Cass to his own Government, and
from this Government to him, relating thereto, and relating to
the late treaty with Great Britain.
Mr. ARCHER said that, since the resolution
was laid on the table the other day, at his instance,
he bad conferred with the department in relation to
it; and he understood that it was the Secretary's
opinion that the object of the resolution was em-
braced in an airecedent call made some days ago,
at ihe instance of the same honorable Senator. If
that was the caie—though he would not objsct to
the resolution—he thought it was superfluous. The
papers could come in at a proper time, under the
former resolution.
Mr. BENTON thought himself that the papers
called for were included in the other resolution;
but, as that was a general call, and a very exten-
sive one, the answer might be delayed some time.
He was disposed to make a separate call, so as to
get these papers at an earlier day than they could
be had under the former resolution.
After a few further remarks by Mr. ARCHER,
the resolution was adopted.
RETRENCHMENT, ECONOMY, AND GOV-
ERNMENT RESOURCES.
The resolutions introduced on Tuesday last by
Mr. McDbffie, on the propriety of adopting
measures to revive commerce, replenish the impov-
erished exchequer, and to arrest the accumulation
of public debt, by reducing the tariff of the last session
to a revenue standard, and by practising a rigid
system of retrenchment, economy, and accounta-
bility, came up for consideration.
Mr. McDUFFlE ..aid that those resolutions in-
volved questions of paramount importance; having
more or lew in effect the state of the Union involv-
ed, he asked that they might be postponed till Mon-
day next, at which time he would respectfully a<k
the Senate to take them up.
The motion was agreed to.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
At Mr. CRITTENDEN'S request, the joint
resolution from the House, providing for the es-
tablishment of two agencies for the inspection and
purchase of water-rotted hemp in the States of
Kentucky and Missouri, for the use of the navy
of the United States, was resumed as in committee
of the whole; and, there being no proposition to
amend, it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN called for the yeas and nays on
the pending question, which was that of ordering
the resolution to be read a third time: and they were
ordered.
Mr. McDUFFlE, before the question was taken,
begged leave to ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs if he understood hira correct-
ly, R3 having stated that water-rotted hemp of this
country was to cost more than imported hemp?
Mr. BAYARD answered that, when Ihe subject
was under consideration b  fore, he had referred to
memorials from hemp grower?, and found by them
that their estimate of a remunerating price was
#280 per ton, or $14 per cwt. But this, evidently,
was a mere matter of opinion, and there could be
no doubt that the estimate was too high. The im-
ported hemp was generally purchased at Boston, at
rates varying from $175 io ft 180 or $900 per too. By
a communication from the city of New York, heh«d
learned that the pi ice of imnorted hemp there was
§225 for the best qualttv of Russian hemp. He
did not at all understand the resolution as hav-
ing any tendency to author.ze the purchase of tho
home article at higher prices than those for which
the foreign article of equal value couid be obtain-
ed. This was not its object. It was merely tu
establish agencies in the States mentioned, t<7r thi
purpose of inspecting and encouraging the prop-
er preparation ot hemp suitable to the purposes
of the t.avy; the effect of which would be loana-
ble the home grower to furnish a proper article
equal to the foreign article, and, ia all probability
cheaper.
Mr. McDUFFlE was opposed to the principle of
rnakirg the General Government the nurse of par-
ticular interests, He understood 'he proposition
now to be, that an agent was to be sent to Ken-
tucky, and another b> Missouri, for the purprse rf
instructing farmers in the better management of
their business. Besides the expense of providing
these instructors, the hemp was to cost something
like 30 per cent, more than foreign hemp.
Mr. MOREHEAD (at considerable length) en-
deavored to show that the objections urged against
the measure were unfounded. He maintained that
the effect of having agents in Kentucky and Mis-
souri, competent to give instructions for the best
mode of preparing the article for the navy, would
be, in the first place, to enlarge the market, and pro-
duce competition against the foreign article; next,
to insure a home supply, independent of foreign
countries; and, finally, to induce better and cheaper
terms for the Government. At present, the foreign
article has a monopoly in the market, because our
hemp, which is fully as good, is not as well pre-
pared. But as soon as our farmers arrive at some
exact and efficient process, they will be able to fur-
nish suitable hemp to the navy, probably much
cheaper than the price-now paid for foreign hemp.
He pointed out the discouragement to our farmers
in the West, of having to send their hemp for in?
spection to Boston, under the probability of its be-
ing rejected for some imperfection in the prepara-
tion merely, which, if properly instructed, they could
avoid.
Mr. KING did not see how it was expected
that agents from Kentucky and Missouri (in all
probability, like the agent in'Boston, mere judges
of the article in a prepared state, suitable for naval
purposes) could be more competent to teach farm-
ers their business, than the farmers themselves
were of finding out the npcessary knowledge to
enable them to water-rot the hemp, so as to pro-
duce an article entitled to holi competition with the
foreign article. He understood it was not expect-
ed that the Government was to be at the expense
of forwarding the hemp, when selected, to the naval
stations where it was to be used. So far, then, the
market in Kentucky or Missouri, it was supposed,
would be the same as in Boston. But this would not
be the case; for the agent there would be subject to
influences and circumstance; which would neces-
sarily lead to his purchase of the supply required
for the navy, whether the article was as good as
the foreign article, or not; and whether at a higher
price, or not. The result would be, that the navy,
in the end, would have to pay extravagant prices
for the worst kind of material.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not intend to occupy
ten minutes in the few remarks he had to make.
It was extraordinary that his friend from Alabama
did not see that his argument against the influence
to be exercised over agents was as applicable to an
agency at Boston, as to one%it Kentucky or Mis-
souri. If an agent could be induced to make se-
lection of inferior hemp at extravagant prices in
Kentucky, why could he not be induced to do the
same thine in Boston? Where was the difference
between the a'mosphere of influences in the two
places'! But was not the agency in the market ia
Kentucky as capable of being con'rolled effectually
by the Secretary of the Navy as. that of Boston had
be^n?
Mr. C. stated in detail the inconveniences under
which the growers of hemp at p/esent labored in
Missouti ard Kentucky, and the advantages which
they and tit- Government would derive from resi-
dent agents.
Mr. WOODEU'xY said that, if it could be point-
ed out that the Government was to be the benefi-
ciary rf ibi- measure, ho >-.-oKld be as favorable to
it as r.cy of its suppoiteru, provided it was upon
genera! principles, and could, a'- such, be carried
out f.ir the benefit ot 'he Government, in every-
thing else required for the use of the navy. But
if it was to be merely limited and specific in its
application, and a particular interest (and that, not
the interest of the Government) was to he Ihe bene-
ficiary, he could not giva his a«ent to the proposi-
tion. If the principle is good, and the Govern-
ment is to he thr gr«-at g?mer, why not apply it to
timber f. r the u^e of the navy—to iron, to bread,
fl"ur, beef, pork, and naval supplies of every kind?
Why not send agon's to inspect the putting up of
beef and pork, (he manufacture of flour, the cut-
tm  down of umber, ->sd the sroel'ing of iron, to
be used i:i the navi? There was no complaint of
ihe present mode of obtaining th>*se things by pro-
posals and contract. Experiei.ce had proved ltri§
