CONGRESSIONAL GtOfift.
from his seat in the House ; and the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Fickens,] who express-
ed some doubts. But the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Mason] had expressed his most unqualified
approbation of the reporl^as it was drawn and
presented.
Mr. PICKENS reminded the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that the resolution accompanying
the report was originally drawn in a different
shape from that in which it was presented.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL was glad the gentle-
man from South Carolina had reminded him of
that fact. He originally drew the resolution; and
at the time the gentleman from South Carolina
dissented in committee, it stood simply as a reso-
lution to discharge the committee from the further
consideration of the subject; but, as several mem-
bers desired it, he modi&ed the resolution, and it
was put in the form in which it was presented to
the House. The gentleman from Maryland he
(Mr. J. R. Ingersoll) must, therefore, consider as
having made an attack on the Committee of
Ways and Means, and on its members individu-
ally, to whom, he begged to assure, him, the re-
port was carefully read.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON was glad to hear that
explanation from the members of that committee.
His purpose was not to arraign that committee;
but to show the importance of attaching the signa-
tures of members of committees to the reports made
to that House, and the necessity of caution in ex-
tending the courtesy to an individual to make a report
for an entire committee. He had nothing to say
in relation to ihe adoption of the report; he weuld
simply say, that this case proved that it was neces-
sary to correct a public error. That public error
■was, that the reports made to this Hou«e were the
reports of committees, and not of-mdividual mem-
bers of committees. To this be wished to call the
attention of this House and of this country, and to
enter his protest against that practice by which
public opinion was so essentially influenced, and,
as had been shown, by single individuals to whom
the powers of committees weie conceded by cour-
tesy. In this way, false public opinion was created
on subjects brought before Congress for its action.
He protested against such a practice, and insisted
that reports should come to that House with the sanc-
tion of a majority of a committee.
After a few worth from Mr. EVERETT, Mr.
AYCRIGG, and Mr. WISE,
Mr. AYCRIGG called the attention of the House
to the fact, that the r^)orl which had elicited this
debate was made by him as an individual member
of a committee, and it did not purport to be the
report of the committee.
Mr. REYNOLDS moved the previous question;
which, after some observations from Messrs. EV-
ERETT, BARNARD, and the SPEAKER, was
seconded; the main question was ordered to be put,
and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOMLINSOCV, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives ot Captain WiUiam Smallwood
Tiller; and it was read twice, and committed.
Mr. WARREN, fiom the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report, and then offered
a resolution to authorize the Committee of Claims
to employ a clerk.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said this question had
been voted upon, and voted down repeatedly by the
yeas and nays; he would therefore move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The resolution was laid 011 the table—68 votes
in the affirmative, and 63 in the negative.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CRAWFORD (the recenily elected Repre-
sentative from Georgia, to supply.the vacancy oc-
casioned by the death of Mr. Habersham) rose,
and was understood to make an inquiry from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cii. Brown.]
on a subject ^f a personal nature. The honorable
gentleman spoke veiy jnandtbly, but ne was un-
derstood to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
if, by his remarks of yesterday, he had intended
to cast an imputation on him, (Mr. C.,) or to in-
sinuate thatmeanswere mcrted to, in bis election,
which were not proper, legal, or honest. The re-
matks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania were
to the effect that he had heard, when, at the last
election for members to the next Congress in Geor-
gia, the entire Whig delegation was defeated, that
their defeat was caused by General Apathy; but
now that they had been able to get one crumb of
comfort, by the election of one member for the
(ail of the session, they hailed it as a great tri-
umph, and a glorious victory. But might not that
result, the gentleman from Pennsylvania inquired,
have been caused by General Apathy also? He [Mr.
B ] further said, he would ask any gentleman from
Georgia to rife in his place, and say that the result
of that election was caused by a single measure of
this session. Was that gentleman [Mr. Crawfobd]
elected to make a national bank? Was he elected
to perpetuate the high tariff? He [Mr. Brown]
had not seen that gentleman's votes yet, but be
would vote differently from the Whigs of his sec-
tion of the country, if he voted for these measures.
He again was understood to call upon the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to say whether he had
intended to cast any personal reflection by these
remarks.
Mr. C. BROWN said he would answer the
question of the gentleman. He did not, by expres-
sion or by implication, impute that, by any contri-
vance either of the gentleman from Georgia, or of
the constituents of that gentleman, the vacancy
caused by the death of Mr. Habersham had been
supplied. He only incidentally remarked, as the
gentleman's election had been mentioned, that it
was called a glorious victory and a great triumph,
when it was nothing else than the election of a
member to fill a vacancy for the tail end of the ses-
sion. He knew nothing that could justify him in
imputing anything wrong to the gentleman from
Georgia; on the contrary, he had always under-
stood that he was a high-minded, honorable man;
and those who voted for bimdid so, doubtles.-, with
the purest principles. If the gentleman wished
him to explain further, he would do so. [Cries of
"that's enough "]
Mr. CRAWFORD had not heard the gentleman
from Pennsylvania very distinctly, but he under-
stood that the gentleman had said that he was
elected as the tail end of a member.
Mr. C. BROWN said bis words were, that the
gentleman was elected for the tail end t f a ses-
sion.
He further ad^ed, that he was surprised that
the gentleman should suppose that there was any-
thing disrespectful meant by the remarks to which
his attention had been Galled; and he thought the
gentleman from Georgia was the only gentleman
in this House who would so interpret them. He,
however, begged to assure the gentleman that no
imputation was meant on his part.
Mr. CRAWFORD was understood to say, that
as the gentleman from Peensylvania had disclaim-
ed any disrespectful imputation, he had nothing
more to say.
Mr. C. BROWN would, however.be pleased if
the gentleman frora Georgia would respond to the
question; which he yesterday submitted, as it was
important that the House should know whether he
was elected in consequence of any measures of ths
session, or to sustain those Whig principles which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. White] had laid
down—[laughter]—namely, a na'ional bank, a
tariff, and distribution.
Mr. CRAWFORD did not respond, and here
the conversation terminated.
At thi< stage of the day's proceedirgs, a message
was received from the Senat", by Asbdry Dickins,
esq , their Secretary, accompanied by the 'word of
Washington and the staff of Franklin, charge
of their Serjeant-at-arms, stating that, the Senate had
unanimously adopted the joint resolution pre-
senting the thanks of Congressto SamuelT. Wash-
ington for the said, memorials.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, from the Coo.mittee on
Commerce, reported a bill to continue in fo-ce
an act therein named, relating to the port of Balti-
more. Mr. K. expressed the hope that it would
be now acted on.
After some conversation between Mf=sis.
SMITH of Virginia, KENNEDY, and CAVE
JOHNSON, the bill, having been read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed, was put upon its third
reading, and passed.
Mr. THOMAS W. WILLIAMS, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill to re-
duce the salary of the surveyor of the port ot
Camden, N. J. The bill was read three several
times, and passed.
Mr. S. J. ANDREWS, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to repeal the act enti-
tled "An act to extend the collection district ot
iscslss©t "
Mr. FESSENDEN hoped that this bill would
now be taken up and passed. No objection hav-
ing been made, the bill was read a third time and
PaMrd'HOWARD said he was instructed by ths
Committee on Public Lands to move that bill
numbered 334 be taken up and acted on. Ob-
jection was made, and the bill was not taken up.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired. .
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON rose to offer a resolution
connected with the interesting ceremony which
took place the day before yesterday, (presentation
of the sword, &c.) He was about to submit bis
resolution, when
Mr. SMITH of Virginia rose, and suggested
that, by general consent, the call on the committees
for reports should be continued.
The SPEAKER said he would pursue that
course, if no objection was made.
Mr. MORROW, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize certain persons
to change the location of lands they are entitled to
by treaty stipulations: read twice, and ordered to
remain on th<> Speaker's table for action.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint res-
olution for the relief of certain contractors for
carrying the United States mail: read twice, and
reported to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JOSEPH L. WILLIAMS, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill for the relief of Walker, Carutbers, & Co :
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole Home.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported Senate bill entitled "An act for
(he relief of Richard Henry Wilde."
Mr. B. hoped the bill would be now taken up
and passed.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia objected. He hoped
the bill would be allowed to take its course.
Mr. BARNARD thereupon moved that the bill
be printed, and that it lie on ihe Speaker's table.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
Pepper and others: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of th~ Whole House.
Mr. WATTERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relic-f of certain claimants under the Cherokee
treaty of 1835-G: read tssnco, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS asked leave to report a bill to re-
peal and modify the duties on salt.
Mr. BRIGOS objected.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief o; John Peck, and a bill for the relief of
K'ther Sawyer: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. OOllDON. from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, rcportsd a bill to am. .id and explain the
act of 31 May, 1830, entitle-' "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An set for thereof of certain surviving
i-(fleers and solders of the Revolution:'" read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. G also made an adverse report.
"Adverse reports were >eade from different com-
mi'tees, by Messrs. MORRIS. BAKER, and
STATTON.
ANNUAL REPORT FROM THE PATENT
OFFICE.
Mr. R. McCLELLAN called up the motion,
hitherto submitted by him, to print 5,000 extra co-
pies of the annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents.
Mr, SMITH of Virginia opposed the motion.
