CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
should be so altered as not to compel those boats
on the Sound, to the hazard of life and property, to
use those chains.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. D&YTON present® a memorial from citi-
zens of Trenton, in which they express a favorable
opinion of the plan commonly called the exchequer
plan, and recommend the passage of a law incor-
porating in it the principles of that plan: laid on
the table.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
Phineas Beatiet and Nahum Andrews, represent-
ing that they had invented a new apparatus and
machinery for raising wrecks, wiih which they
have s^ved a great deal of property, and praying
Congress to pass a law for their relief, by exempt-
ing all goods which they save from wrecks from
the payment of duty: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. LINN presented joint resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of Missouri; declaring that the
right to the Oregon Territory is alone in the United
States; and that that right is just, andcafinot be aban-
doned without a disgraceful sacrifice of the nation-
al honor; and that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to protect our citizens to the fullest extent,
who emigrate there, in the rights of property and
all the privileges which pertain to citizens of the
United States. They instruct the Senators, and
request the Representatives from that State, to use
their exertions for the adoption of such measures
as will tend to a speedy and uncontrolled posses-
sion of that territory: on motion by Mr. BENTON,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McROBERTS presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Illinois, on the sub-
ject of the Oregon Territory, declaring that the
title of the United States to it is indisputable, and
averring that the safety of ber title was greatly en-
dangered by the concessions made in the late treaty
to settle the Maine boundary, and that it will be
more endangered by a longer delay on the part of
the United States to assert her title and take pos-
session of the Territory. They instruct the Sen-
ators, and request the Representatives to vote
lor the bill introduced by Senator Link, to occupy
the Territory: read,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, House bill for the
relief of Jacob White.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Israel Ketchum, for
indemnity for losses sustained as sub-contractor
under Farrow & Harris.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reportf d a bill to incorporate the
Georgetown College, in (he District of Columbia;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, the Judiciary
Committee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill for the relief of Weaver
and Hayberger; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was di*charged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of the citizens
of the county of Galena, Illinois, praying that the
' city of Galena might be made a port of entry.
Mr. H. also reported back, from the same com-
mittee, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely pes'poned, the bill
to establish a port of entry at the city of Galena,
in the State of Illinois.
The question was put on this recommendation,
and the bill wa-. rejected.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Pension?,
reported back, without amendment, and wiih a
recemmendation that it do pass, the bill for the re-
lief of James Gray.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committcp on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of F. A. Kerr;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of William Walker; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they be indefinitely post-
poned, House bills entitled
An act for the relief of Sampson Brown.
An act for the relief of Eliza Whiteman, and
An act for the relief of William Patterson.
Mr. BATES, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Hillman, reported adversely to the passage of the
same, on the ground that she^Was entitled to re-
lief under the existing laws; and, on his motion,
leave was granted to her to withdraw her petition
atid papers, with a view to present them at the
proper department.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up, as in committee of the whole, the bill in
relation to the two per cent, fund of ths State of
Mississippi.
Mr. WALKER explained that the bill merely
authorized that State to apply $25,000 of the two
per cent, fund, which had been relinquished to her
for another purpose, to the completion of the rail-
road from Brandon to the Alabama line.
There being no amendment proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate; and, being engrossed
according to order, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a joint resolution, appropriating
$1,000 to experiment with the plan of Josiah W.
Kirk, for guarding steamboats on the Western wa-
ters against snags, &c.; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of John W. Skidmore; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. KING, the previous orders were
postponed, and the.bill for the relief of the heirs
of William Fisher was taken up as in committee
of the whole; and there being no proposition to
amend, it was reported to the Senate, and, being
engrossed according to order, was read the third
time and passed.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the fund
received from the British Government as indemnity
for slaves lost on board of the Comet and Enco-
mium, being engrossed, was read the third time
and passed.
Engrossed bill for the relief of Casper W. Wea-
ver, was read the third time and passed.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House bill (No. 645) making appropriations
for the support of the army and of the Military
Academy, and for armories, arsenals, arms, and
munitions of war, and surveys, for the half calen-
dar year ending the 30th of June, 1843, and for
the fiscal year beginning 1st July, 1843, and end-
ing the 30th of June, 1844, was taken up ss in
committee of the whole; and the following amend-
ments, reported from the Committee on Finance,
were read, and placed under consideration: Page 3,
after line 53, insert, ' For arrearages for the com-
pleting quarters and barracks at Fort Severn, Mary-
land, $9,023 50;" page 6, line 115, after "year,"
injert, "Including a survey of the direct commu-
nication from Albemarle Sound to the Atlantic
ocean;" page 6, after line 125. insert, "For con-
tinuing the meteorological observations at the mili-
tary posts of the United Siates, under the direction of
the Surgeon General, for the said fiscal year.g^OflO;"
page 6, after line 125, insert, "For the continu-
ation of improvements, on the Missouri, Missis-
sippi, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers, for said half
year, $50,000; and for said fiscal year, $100,000 "
Mr. GRAHAM moved a verba! amendment to
one of the amendments; which was adopted.
The first two amendments were then adopted.
The que tinti beinf put on the third—'hat up.
propri-iting $2,000 for continuing meteorological
observations—
Mr. BENTON asked the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee if this proposition came from the
Surgeon General?
Mr. EVANS replied that it came from the Sec-
retary of War.
Mr. BENTON asked if the Surgeon General
had not made a report adverse to the proposition;
and whether the committee had had that report be-
fore it, and had given it consideration?
Mr. EVANS replied that the Surgeon General's
report was not among the documents before the
committee; and, therefore, was not taken into con-
sideration, further than it was known to the com-
mittee. But the Secretary of War thought the con-
tinuation of the observations important and neces-
sary; and in this opinion the committee concur-
red.
Mr. BENTON said that, as it appeared the Sur-
geon General's report bad not been before the com-
mittee, and as it was desirable that time should be
allowed for examining and considering it, he hoped
this item would be passed over for the present.
Mr. EVANS remarked, that there was no ne-
cessity for the delay. With a general knowledge
of the contents of that report, the committee had
concurred in opinion with'the Secretary of War,
that the continuation of the observations was im-
portant and necessary.
Mr. LINN said that, some years ago, he had
looked into this subject. He believed he was a
member of a felect committee appointed for the
purpose. During his investigation, he found that
the War Department, in 1817 or 1818, had institu-
ted the system of requiring medical men at the dif-
ferent military posts of the United States to make
meteorological observations for the information of
the Government and the country. In consequence
of this system, a vast amount of information
reached the department from year to year; but it
lay waste and useless for want of generalization
and arrangement. At length, a gentleman of the
army undertook the arrangement on his own re-
sponsibility, and published the result in a book,
which has ever since been esteemed of the most
valuable character. Had such observations been
collected, and in a suitable form, accessible to per-
sons intrusted with the selection of sites for milita-
ry posts and fortifications, such a waste of life as
that which occurred at Fort Gibson (when, in two
years, a whole regiment was swept off by disease
growing out of location) would not have occurred.
He considered it a matter of great interest to con-
tinue these observation?, and declared his convic-
tion that they could not be intrusted to one more
capable of performing the duty with satisfaction te
the public than Mr. Espy.
Mr. L. pronounced a warm eulogium on Mr.
Espy's scientific fitness for the office, and decried
the attempts which had been tnade, from time to
tim , to throw ridicule on his phylosophy of storms.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rejoiced to hear the liberal
and enlightened sentiments expressed by the Sena-
tor from Missouri. He (Mr. C ) believed be was
himself, m some measure, obnoxious to the impu-
tation of having spoken lightly of Mr. Espy's the-
ory; but he felt pleasure in now making atonement,
by avowing hts repentance. He give the proposi-
tion of continuing Mr. Espy in office his hearty
concurrence.
Mr. WALKER declared th^t he had known
Mr, E«py for thirty years—ever since he was a
teacher, and he (Mr. W.) a pupil under bis instruc-
tions. He had, since that gentleman bad turned
his attention to meteorological subject?, made him-
self Kcquainted wiih his theory, and felt perfectly
satisfied it was founded in truth. He considered
the work he was now engaged in for the Govern-
ment, one of the most eminently u«eful works of
science to which public encouragement could be
given.
Mr. BENTON hid not said anything against
Professor K-py, nor was it his intension to do so.
4|1 that was beside the ques'icn at issue. Tba
true sta'e of the cisc was thi.': In an appropria-
tion bill of last session, a sum of $3,000 was
appropriated for ih"continuation and arrangement
of meteorologies! observations in the department
of the Surgeon General On the strs-pgih of this
sppropriaiion, the Secretary of War 'appointed
Mr. Espy, and instructions were issued to the whole
army to furnish him with observations, and that
he should bs considered as attached to the depart*
