$68
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment of the Surgeon General, while he was to
have Ihe Surgeon General and the array under his
control. It was making a new bureau, at the head
of which Mr. Espy was to be placed. And thus,
by a side movement, or indirect beginning, that
which could not be attempted openly, was effected.
The foundation was laid for this new bureau; and
now the structure was about to be raised. It was
not to stop at this $2,000. After the thing is made
fast, there will be a regular establishment. He
would read the report of the Surgeon General.
[Here Mr. B. read the report, stating that Mr.
Espy had done no service for his department,
either as clerk or otherwise, since Ivs appointment;
and that there was no occasion in the department
for his services.]
Mr. B. contended that the Surgeon General
was fully competent to have the necessary obser-
vations made and collected, and that the service
would be effectually done if this appropriation
was never made. It was not necessary to create a
new bureau for the purpose of holding a scientific
correspondence with all the world. If already,
within less than a year, it had grown up (as gentle-
men averred) to 1,500 correspondents, it would very
shortly require several clerks to do nothing else
but frank letters. There was no knowing where
the expense was to end.
Mr. EVANS objected to any postponement of
the bill on the supposition that the report of the
Surgeon General was necessary. The Committee
on Finance was aware of it; ihe Senator from Mis-
souri had it before him. All that conld be known
from delay was already known.
Mr. BENTON contended that it was impioper
to make this amendment, everyway it could be con-
sidered. The House of Representative'* had left
out the appropriation, having a full knowledge
not only of the Surgeon General's report, but of
the recommendation of the Secretary of War,
whose letter to the Committee of Ways and
Means is dated so far back as 13th January.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that, in what he
had to say upon this subjeet, he ccrtainly did not
mean to make any insinuation against the Surgeon
General. He had the pleasure of an acquaintance
with that gentleman; and he believed a more wor-
thy and respectable man did not exist. Mr. Espy,
like all others who had made discoveries of any
importance, had been assailed by ridicul-; and
probably the zeal which enabled men to make im-
portant discoveries, always eairied them beyond
the bounds of prudenre. This had been Mr. F.,py's
fate in the beginning; but his mind was now ma-
tured. And he (Mr. B.) believed with the Senator
from Mississippi, that in his particular branch
of science, he was exceeded by no man living;
such was the opinion entertained of him by the
most enlightened foreigners.
The great objection seemed to be, that, bv the
adoption of this amendment, a new bureau would
be created. But would this be the case? What
facts had they before them to warrant such an in-
ference? Directly the reverse sremed to be the
cae. Mr. Espy was to be attached to Ihe ofiice
of the Surgeon General. Ifc was to net under his
authority and direction; ami to receive, a« com-
pensation, $2,000 per annum. Would that be the
establishment of a new bureau, any more than
the appMn'ment of an additional clcifc in any de-
partment of the Government? He could not see
by what possibility anew bureau was to grow out
of it.
But what was the object of the proposition? He
desired to bring it distinctly before the get,ate. !n
AuguM, 1833, an apnropmtion wa-> made (of
which he had no knowledge at the tim ) for pro-
curing meteorological oh-irrvations, under the di*
rection of the Surgeon General, who appcmeir
Mr. Espy to the performance 0/ tha  doty; and, af-
ter he had been roost advantageously engaged upon
it for a great lesg'h of time, it was now proposed
to cut him down by legislation. D,'d it not seem
very invidious to aim at that geMiom-n, rod him
alone? Had he done anything'.o merit <mcn treat-
ment? If it were deemed proper to make these
observations at all, at the different military posts,
there ought to be some gentleman of scientific ac-
quirements to generalize them; for the mere naked
observations would be of little avail.
The >« eriator from Missouri [Mr. Linn] had
just put into his hands a book, which showed the
estimation in which Mr. Espy was held by the
most scientific body in the world—he meant the
French Institution of Natural Science.
Mr. Buchanan, having read a passage from
the work referred to, remarked, that the case could
be summed up in few words. Congress had already,
by a law, made an appropriation for the purpose of
employing such an agent ss Mr. Espy; and he
had been employed, not as the head of a bureau,
but as a subordinate in the office of the Surgeon
General, where he had rendered eminent service
to the cause of scienee; and the question was now,
whether they would, by refusing to adopt this propo-
sition, drive that gentleman from the pursuit in
which he had been engage 1 so much to the advan-
tage of the military and the naval service, and to
the enlightenment of all mankind. For his own
part, he could not conscientious:y do that, by legis-
lation, which would operate as a sort of personal
attack upon this gentleman, whom he believed to
be better qualified than any other man for this im-
portant service.
The'debate was continued by Messrs. WALKER,
CALHOUN, BENTON, TAPPAN, and EVANS;
and then the question ms taken on the amend-
ment, and decidtd m the affirmative—yeas 28, nays
13.
The other amendments were also adopted.
Mr. MILLER, chairman of the Committee on
the District ol Columbia, calied the attention of
the Senate to the proviso regulating the appoint-
ment of cadets for West Point Academy, in which
it was, in future, to be by apportionment to con-
gressional districts, giving each member of the
House a right of nomination. It was limited to
the number of Representatives and Delegates.
He, moved an amendment, allowing one nomina-
tion for the District of Columbia.
This was aarced to.
Mr. KING pointed out a difficulty that ruight
arise from the reduction to the number of mem-
bers by- the new apportionment, [266 ] Hereto-
fore, although the Secretary of War had the pow-
er of making the nominations, a practice had
grown up of allowing each member of Congress
in turn to make a recommendation from his dis-
trict. But there were some appointments made by
the Secretary him>elf, without reference to locality;
which enabled him to appoint the sons of military
officers—a privilege so ptoperand necessary, that
it ought not to be withdrawn.
After some discussion on this point, it was sug-
gested that an addition of ton cadets for that pur-
pose might be made; and the bill was so amended,
as that the number of cadets will he one for each
congressional district, and ten on general appoint-
ment by ihe Secretary of War.
Mr. CONRAD moved an amendment to appro-
priate §10,000 for removing obstructions from'the
mouth of the Red river. He pointed out the ne-
cessity of immediate action on this subject; as, if
something were not speedily done, the channel of
that river would be cbai.ged into the Achafalays,
and the course of the river thrown into the Gulf of
ieo.
Mr. EVANS hoped this amendment would not
be al'owed on this bill. Theie was a bill before
Ihe Senate on the subject ot improving the naviga-
tion of the R?iss\ssippi river and us tributaries, to
wh'Ch i' could more p!0,periv be attached.
The amendment was negatived.
The bill ®aj then tepoi!■ d back to the Senate;
and the amendments bei' g concurred in, i; was
ordered to he read a third time; and subsequently
it wi! - read a third hm?, and passed.
On motion of Mi. WHITE, the Oeri.Vr then
went hiio ox'.cul'ive (session; and afer ; oiae time
sj eat '.h; h, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Eniday, Fcbiuary 10, 1843.
Mr. BEESON presented ihe pr< ceedmgs of a meet-
ing ot citizens of Fayette county, Pennsylvania,
held at the court-honre in Uniontown, on the 4th
February inst.; and aho, the memorial of Andrew
Stewart, George Mason, Daniel Black, esq'rs, and
two hundred and thirty-seven others, in which they
respectfully request the Congress of the United
States to authorize the issue of two millions of
3 per cent, stock to be#Jivided among the States,
for the payment of which the public lands and
their proceeds to be specifically pledged: referred
to the special committee on that subject,
Mr, J. C. EDWARDS presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Missouri, in reference to the
Territory of Oregon: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. READ of Pennsylvania presented a remon-
strance, signed by sundiy citizens of Bradford
county, Pennsylvania, against the repeal of the
bankrupt law: laid on the table. *
Mr. MEDILL presented the petition of Win.
Wheatley, clerk of the penitentiary in the district
of Columbia, praying the allowance of compensa-
tion for certain services rendered to the institution.
Mr. JOSEPH H. WILLIAMS moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the joint resolution
of yesterday, in relation to the Cherokee treaty,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole; and,
wi.hout taking the question, the motion was enter-
ed, and passed over by general consent.
Mr. LINN moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the proposition of the Committee of
Claims to employ a clerk was negatived; and de-
sired the motion to be entered.
Mr. ■ CAVE JOHNSON insisted upon taking
the question of reconsideration now.
Mr. LINN withdrew his motion.
GEN. JACKSON'S FINE.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the resolution for refunding the fine
imposed on General Jackson, at New Orlears, by
Judge Hall, in 1815.
Mr. DAWSON, who was entitled to the floor,
commenced addressing the House on this subject;
but bad spoken but a few words, when
Mr. EVERETT rose and objected, that the sub-
ject on which the gentleman was addressing the
House was n )t in order.
The SPEAKER said that reports of committees
were in order; but believing that all the commit-
tees had reported, hs had allowed the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Dawson] to commence his
remarks on the next business in order.
Mr. FILLMORE insisted that the strict order
of business be observed.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked if it was not
too late to interrupt the gentleman from Louisiana,
after he had commenced his remarks, and been
recognised by the Chair.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Louis-
iana had been permitted to proceed by courtesy,
on the supposition that there were no reports of
committees to make. As the regular order of bu-
siness was insisted on, the Chair must observe it.
Mr. EVERETT rose to a privileged question,
and moved a reconsideration of the vote referring
the bill for the occupation and settlement of Ore-
gon, reported by the Select Committee to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House. As the bill on the
same subject, which came from the Senate, was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relation?, he
thought this bill should be referred to the same
committee. It was, therefore, that he now moved
that the vote on the reference to the Committee of
the Whole be icconsidcred. Mr. E. concluded by
moving the previous question, under the operation
of which the motion for reconsideration was car-
ried—aves 88, noes 50.
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, and under the
opeiation of the previous question, the bill was
re'r-rred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FILLMORE
committee.0.
Mr. WELLER moved to suspend the business
of ihe mornisig hoar, m order to allow Mr. Daw-
sow !•■ proceed v.i h his re-maiks on the resolution
to refund Generr.l Jackson's fine; but, on putting
the question, the motion was rejected.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in relation to Ihe twelve
million loan, together with the accompanying doc-
uments, was ordered to be printed.
then called far reports of
