272
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ed while pending before them, passed "An act supplementary
to an act to incorporate the subscribers to the Mississippi
Union Bank;" wheiein, under the magic title oP'supplement,"
they endeavored to do indirectly what the conscience of eveiy
member checked him m doing directly. They maoe changes
in the charter, by way of supplement, which, but a few days
before, they had declared, under oath, would vitiate the whole
instrument. This procedure was m violation of all parliamen-
tary rule, known m this or any other enlightened country; and
it can be considered in no other light than a legislative Iraud,
because it violated not only the constitution, according to then-
own showing, but also one of their express rules of order,
which prohibited the repeal of any law the same session at
which it was passed. On the 15th of February, 1838, this act
took the form and shape of law. The very first section changed
altogether the attitude of the State to the bank. In the original
act, the State, being amply indemnified, agrees to stand as the
security of the stockholders; in this supplemental act she be-
comes primarily liable for $5,000,000. In the original act, no
individual but a citizen of the State can subscribe and take
stock; m this act, the State becomes a subscriber for stock,
and, by express repeal, gives up her ten per cent, of the
profits, her five directors, and her accommodation loan of
^kxijOOO, and becomes a partner in the hanking adventure. All
this lsdone under the tahsmanic word "supplement," without
submitting it in any way to the people ! Now, it must be ap-
parent to the commonest understanding, that it was not in the
powerof the Legislature to make the State a subscriber for
stock in that bank—to render her liable feu the sum <>f $5,000,-*
000, or any other amount—to change her attitude in any respect
towards thestockholdersin the bank—to eniaige or diminish
her interest m the bank, as it stood at (he passage of the ori^i-
nfel charter, without submitting it to the action of the people.
Thia right had been expiessiy reserved to the people m their
fundamental law; and, until they had been consulted in the
manner prescribed, all action by their supposed agents was
null and void; and the whole world were bound to tak&-notice
of it. These propositions are so self evident, no man of candor
and discrimination will dispute them. The only question re-
maining is, Does thepreseritsupposed liability arise under and
by virtue of the supplement?
It is apparent that it does so arise—lbt, fiomt the very terras
of the mortgages for stock which were drawn up by the officers
of the bank, and which have been recorded m almost every
county of the State; m which it is set forth that the intent of
the mortgage is to secure the payment of only $10,500,000; leav-
ing $6,000,0)0 (the sum already sold) to be paid by the State, by
virtue of the supplemental act. Sid. It if apparent fiom these
facts, that, at the time of the issuance of the five mi lions of
bonds now held abroad, there were no sub-enbers for stock;
that the books of subscription had not been kept open six
months, as required by the original chartei, that no bonds for
stock,and no mortgages to securc them, had been taken; that no
directors had been appointed by the Executive to examine and
pass upon the validity ol the mortgages; and that not a dollar
had been paid m on a single shaie ol stock, theiefore, they
must have been issued m pursuance of the supplemental act;
or else there is more baseness in this whole Uansaction than
ever characterized any other act of public lunctionanes 3d.
It is apparent, fiorn the very terms ol the power ol attorney
irom the managers of the bank to the commissioners who went
abroad to sell these bonds. Tins power of attorney, after rrci- ,
ting that the act to mcorputate the to the Mi&hissip- j
pi Union Bank had been passed by one legislature, and, m !
eonlormity to the constitution, had been published, and re- •
faired to the next succeeding Legislature, which had passed j
and confiimed the said original act; and that the Hamo was ap- i
proved by the Governor, on the 5tl\ day of February, 1&3S,— ;
continues: "And whereas the said Lc^latuie last above men- !
tioned passed an act entitled An act supplemental to an act to j
incorporate the buhscubers of the Mississippi Union Hank, ;
which was approved by the Governor, February 5th, 1838; and
whereas the Governor of the State ol Mississippi lias, puisnant
to the provisions of the oaul supplemental act, subscribed, in i
behalf ol the said Suite, fifty thousand shares of the capital i
stock of said bank, «md has executed twenty-five hundied bonds
Of tho said State of Mississippi, foi the sum ol two thousand '
dollars each," dec 11 truth can produce conviction, surely ,
this question is now placed beyond cavil. 4th. It is scU-evi- ;
dent, that the purchaser of the bonds h.id not only constructive, '
but actual notice, that the faith of the State could not be pledged j
undei the constitution by an act of the Legislature, without a '
confirmation by the people; that the supplemental act had not \
been confirmed by the people, and that the bonds he purchased j
were issued "pursuant to the provihions of the said supple- !
mentary act!!"—because this power of attorney to the com-
missioners is made part and parcel of his contract with them, !
and it contains a full statement of these lacts. j
Mr. Gwin contended that the cx'racr read by !
the Clerk Irom his colleague 'j letter wa1- the basis |
upon which the canvass m Mississippi, in the ,
election of 1841, was founded. The question was |
not, "Shall the b^nd.s be paid?1' but, "Shall we !
assume them as the bonds of the State, and not |
provide for their payment by taxes? or s*ha!l we !
assett the unconstitutionality under which they \
were issued, and refuse to lay the tax, because it j
was not the debt of the State?" He slated the
fact, that not a dollar of the money for which the ;
bonds were sold had been received by the State; ,
that the bonds were sold by agents of the bank, ap- :
pointed by authority of the unconstitutional *-up* ■
plement—the money received by the bank, and !
used by it. Not a dollar ever went into the Stale 1
treasury, or was under the control of a State offi-
cer; and the archives of the State show no evidence
of the existence of any such obligation as due from
the State, He further observed, that the State
authorities had offered no obsiruction to the bond-
holders, if ihey wished to seize the assets ol the
bank. In fact, they had publicly expressed a de-
sire that this course should be adopted.
Mr. G. said he differed with the statement of
Governor McNutt as it regarded the worthlessness
of these assets. He thought, if they were properly
managed (as he had no doubt they would be,
by the present board of assignees) that there
would be a large surplus, after paying the
circulation, to be applied to the liquidation
of those bonds. In addition to these asset?, there
were also the mortgages of the stockholders for ten
millions and a half of real estate—some of it the
best in the State, and equal in productiveness to
any on the face of the globe-r-which the first legal
men in the State believed would be held liable at
law for the payment of these bonds. He was no
lawyer himself, and would not trust his own
•opinion; but the one he now stated, had the sanc-
tion of some of the ablest members of the bar in
this country. No obstruction had been thrown in
the way of the bondholders, who wished to pro-
ceed to foreclose these mortgages, and seize the
assets proper of the bank, which, in the aggregate,
exceeded fifteen millions of dollars; and which,
if the property mortgaged was held liable, would
more than pay the whole of the bonds, principal
and interest. Thus those bonds, so much talked
of, were really more likely to be paid than the
bonds of those States which had paraded their res-
olutions against repudiation before the country.
Mr. G. said that he had alluded yesterday to the
courte the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] was reported to have pursued, during the
. negotiations at Ghent, on the subject of the navi-
gation of the Mississippi rivpr by British vessels.
He did not believe that gentleman was now sincere
in the apprehensions he had expressed. Blue
lights had been held out to our enemies during the
last war, to designate the most exposed points of
our territory.
The gentleman from Massachusetts may be
pointed out as the finger-board, directing Great
Britain to what he deems our weakest point of de-
fence. He has dtclared that, in the event of war,
or insurrection in the slave States, our slaves
would all become free. The great object of his
life seems now to be, to bring about ihis result; for
the accomplishment of which, the whole South will
be drenched in blood. What more effectual as-
sistance can he obtain in accomplishing his object
than ihe power of Great Britain concentrated, on his
suggestion, at the South, and sending her war
steamers into the midst of the slave States of the
Union? In this emergency, if the States call on
the General Government for assistance—if the
enemy shall excite imurifction among our slaves,
according io the doctrines of the gentleman—they
are all to become free; and his great object will
thus be accomplished. Whether or not it was the
intention of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
bring about this result, his course <sn this subject
is more likely to produce that effect than any other
that could be suggested. The alternative of war,
if the State debts are not assumed, comes from a
Representative on this floor, who once held the
exalted station of President of the United States;
and will, at once, be taken up atid acted on by
Gieat Britain. It has been contended that the cit-
izens of other countries cannot understand the
'"metaphysical distinctions," as the gentleman
calls them, between the Federal and State Con-
stitutions. They will no longer need authority on
this side of the water on this subject, after the
remarks delivered by that gentleman yesterday.
The gentleman entertains much horror at the
doctrine of State repudiation of debts which they
had never contracted; yet he was the advocate of,
and voted for, the bankrupt law, which established
the most wholesale system of repudiation of honest
and undisputed debts ever known in this or any
other country. Aceoiding to the gentleman's theory,
it is disgraceful for a Stale, in defence of her oon-
stituiion, to refuse to assume a debt contacted in
her name; yet it is proper and highly msritorious
for citizens of that State—many or all—to repudi-
ate their honest debts, contracted in accordance
with the constitution and laws; in contracting
which, they acknowledge they have received full
value. He (Mr. G.) would give an instance in
point, to show the practical operation of the gen-
tleman's theory of honorable repudiation of ac-
knowledged private debts, and dishonorable repu-
diation of unacknowledged State debts.
A number of commercial houses in Liverpool,
and other parts of Europe, during the glorious
era of paper money from 1835 to 1840, created
agencies m Mississippi and Louisiana, for the pur-
pose of advancing upon the crops of the planters, to
insure shipments to their houses. The competi-
tion in this lme of business, as in most others, was
carried to such an extent, that the agents of the
houses, to secure the custom of the planters, ad-
vanced much more than the real value of the cot-
ton. The result was, that these planters became
indebted to the merchants in Europe—in many in-
stances, to large amounts. Bering and Brothers,
for instance, became the holders of the unpaid
balances received in moi:ey by the planters, over
and above the price for which their cotton sold.
Baring and Brothers send over these claims for
collection; the planters, having become insolvent,
go into bankruptcy, surrendering assets to the
amount of ene cent, and thus pay their debts to
their creditors. This is all honorable and praise-
woftby, according to the theory of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. But these same Barings
hold some of the bonds issued for the Union Bank
of Mississippi, which the people of the State, or a
large majority of them, say were issued in viola-
tion of the constitution and laws, for which they
have never received a red cent; and, yet, because
they do not step forward and assume this unau-
thorized d(bt, for which they have got nothing,
the gentleman says the country k disgraced and
dishonored.
Mr. G. said he could adduce even a stronger
case than the foregoing, which was one of actual
occurrence. This celebrated Union Bank itself
became a great cotton-broker. It advanced mil-
lions of dollars for cotton, at the rate of $60 per
bale of 400 pounds, (equal to 15 cents a pound,)
and shipped this cotton to the Barings, who ad-
vanced the bank upon it in money about §30 or $35
per bale. The cotton was sold for less than this
advance, by considerably upwards of one hundred
thousand dollars, as he (Mr. G ) bad been inform-
ed, and believed. The bank broke, and has gone
into bankruptcy, and assigned its assets; yet there
is no complaint against all this, and, according to
the gentleman's notion of bankruptcy, it is all hon-
est and honorable. But the same bouse of the
Barings receives in hypothecation, from the Bank of
the United States, upon which they loan said bank
money, certain bonds, purporting to be bonds of
the Slate of Mississippi, unacknowledged by the
State, and f*r which she received nothing, no more
than she did of the cotton-advances to the Union
Bank; yet, because a majority of her citizens de-
clare these fact-, and refuse to impoverish them-
selves by taxation to pay those bonds, they are pro-
nounced by the gentleman from Massachusetts as
dishonest, and that they have disgraced their coun-
try.
A large amount of exchequer bonds was forged
not lorg since in Great Britain, and passed into
the hands of innocent holders before the forgery
was detected. That Government has repudiated
them,—yet we hear no cry of disgrace or dishonor
against that nation for thus acting. The State of
Mississippifcontends that, as these bonds were issued
in violation of her constitution and laws, they are
no more operative than if they had been forged;
yet she is branded with dishonor and disgrace for
not assuming the payment of them, because they
are in the hands of innocent holders. Great Brit-
ain has repudiated a part of her national debt,
(which she does not contend was not paid to her,)
by taxina theinctme of those who hold her stocks.
One individual, whose annual income from inter-
est on Government stock was §100,000, now, since
the passage of that law, gets but |80,000 clear
from ihe same debl; yet no censure is cast by our
moralists here upon that nation, for thus repudi-
ating an acknowledged debt; while Mississippi is
to be branded with infamy because she refuses to
tax her people to pay an unacknowledged debt, and
for which she has received nothing. Wagon-loads
of continental money issued during the revolution-
ary war, and by the issuance of which the States were
enabled to achieve their independence—countless
