CON&RESSION AL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1843.
Volume 12"*-No. t8.
Continued from JVb. 17.
obligations of the several Slates, issued in various
shapes at the same time, and for value received,
have been repudiated; yet no brand of national
dishonor seems to have attached to us from this
causs,—yet Mississippi, in refusing to acknowledge
an unauthorized debt, for which she received noth-
ing, has disgraced the nation!
Mr. G. said he could cite cases throughout the
whole civilized world, of national debts for which
value had been received, being repudiated, without
such nations being branded with dishonor; yet this
nation is pronounced dishonored, because the State
of Mississippi refuses to acknowledge a debt never
legally or constitutionally contracted by her, and
frota which her people received nolenefit. Sir,
said Mr. G., this pretended horror of Mississippi
repudiation is as hypocritical as it is msufhng.
The whole band of stockbrokers, fundmongers,and
paper-money robbers, in this country and Europe,
and their agents, here, are bellowing about Missis-
sippi repudiation, to draw public attention from
their own infamous systems of swindling. Sir,
said Mr. G., we have been taunted by these men,
who live upon the labor of others, through the
machinery of the banking, credit, and paper-money
systems, until even the Robespierre of the Harri-
son Administration—who r. a-- as fond of cutting off
heads officially, as that monster was in reality—has
attempted to cast ridicule upon his (Mr. G.'s) col-
league for wishing to cut down the public expend-
itures to the receipts into the treasury.
The gentleman from New York reminded his
(Mr. G.'s) colleague [Mr. Thompson] that it was
not at all necessary to retrench; for, if we got in
debt, the new doctrine of repudiation would very
soon relieve us. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Gjun9er] intended to be severe upon his (Mr.
G.'s) colleague; but, like the blind rattlesnake in
August, ha sank his fangs into his own politically
corrupt body. The only practical repudiaiion
known, in this country during this century, of ac-
knowledged, honest, and bona fide debts, had no
more zealous advocate than that gentleman. None
of ns have forgotten the theatrical valedictory pro-
nounced by him when this House was about passing
an act to repeal the great repudiating bankrupt law,
yet he has the audacity to get up, m the face of
this House, and sneer at repudiaiion! It wouM be
as apropos to hear a prostitute lecture about virtue
and morality. He said that this course of attack
upon his State would not be Emitted to; and, if
gentlemen travelled out of the usual course of de-
bate to male such attacks, they must expect to be
answered in a spirit becoming the Representatives
of a people who feared not the scoffs of the cor-
rupt, or the frowns of power, in asserting what
they believed to be their great constitutional rights.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had taken
the ground that the State debts must be assumed, or
there would be war with Great Britain; and he
pointed us to the fate of China, as a warning to us
to beware of a contest wiih that poweiful nation.
He (Mr. G.) did not court war with Great Briiain,
or any other nation; but the fear of such war
should never operate upon him so far as to induce
him to violate the Constitution of his country, in
assuming debts which that instrument gave no
authority to assume or pay. When the question of
war or assumption was prevented to him, he was
for war, as were his constituents. The mean, ti uek-
ling spirit to the power o. Great Britain, ihat is
manifesting itself in this country, wouM meet with
no response from the section of the Union from
which he came. Interested move deeply than any
State in the Union, as Mississippi it, m Ihe export
trade of the country, yet her citizens would bs the
first to resisl encroachment upon the fundamental
law of the land, whether that resistance led to war
or not. The spirit of crouching terviliiy was not
the proper one to exhibit to that nation. He, (Mr.
G ,) in the language of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] would prefer slapping John
Bull in the face, than to quail before his pof.er, if
he wished to have permanent peace with him.
It was a somewhat singular coincidence, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts justified the attack of
Great Britain upon China, put her in the right, and
and China in the wrong; and intimates that if we
do not assume the State debts, and a war should
be the consequence, we would be in the wrong,
and England right—the cause of war in the two
cases being similar. The gentleman appears to
be alwajs on the side of the British in his argu-
ments, if he is not so in feeling. The gentleman
made a great many suppositions of what would
happen en account of the lefusal of Mississippi to
assume the payment of these b®nds. I will meet
that portion of his argument, by supposing that
subjects of Great Britain should complain to their
Government that they had been defrauded out of
large sums due them by citizens of the United
States, in consequence of. the passage of an ex post
faeto law by this Government, which authorized their
debtors in this country to repudiate the debts con-
tracted in good faith, and for value received, before
the passage of this law. The Government of Great
Britain, through its minister here, applies to our
Government for indemnity to its citizens for losses
thus sustained," Our President and Secretary of
State pay no attention to the application. Great
Britain then resorts to that potent argument—the
PAixlian gun—and sends a fleet of war steamers to
Boston, todemandthe payment of the English debts
repudiated in that city under the bankrupt law.
What is then to be done? Why, according to the ar-
guments of the gentleman from Massachusetts—
avoid war by all means; apply to the Gen-
eral Government to assume these debts, and
get clear of the danger of the Paixhan guns.
He (Mr. G.) had less dread of these Paix-
han guns than appeared to operate on the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and could by no
such argument give up his opposition to the as-
sumption of Slate debts. He would not now
go into that question, but was prepared, at
the proper time, if necessary, to lay his views be-
fore the country. He had addressed the House at
this time solely to defend the State he had the
honor in part to represent, against the charges
made against her for the ground she had taken in re-
lation to these bonds.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland obtained the floor,
and yielded it for an explanation to—
Mr. GRANGER, who observed that he had net
sought the floor for the purpose of replying to the
very refined and polished remarks of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Gwin,] so far as related to
himself personally; but he had listened to the re-
marks of the gentleman, and to the paper just read
at the table, and he had a word to saj- about Mis-
sissippi morality as that gentleman taught it. Why,
what was the case, as the gentleman made it? It
was, that the State of Mississippi incorporated a
bank with fifteen millions of dollars capital; and
then went on to enact, by a Legislature composed
of a majority of the polit:cal friends of that gentle-
man, and who now held the same moral doctrines
declared by this same Governor McNutt, that the
Governor should subscribe, in the name of the State,
for one-third of the stock. The stock was sub-
scribed for, and the bonds to pay for it jsrere signed,
and put in the market, and sold at par value. The
money was received for them, and constituted part
of the capital of the bank. He would call en the
gentleman to say whether there was another stock-
holder to this bank.
Mr. GWIN said that there was; and ihat bonds
to ihe amount of tea millions were given for the
balance of the stock, and recorded in every county
in the State.
Mr. GRANGER said that these bonds had been
repudiated.
Mr. GWIN denied that they had been, and said,
that they were well secured, and could be collected.
Mr. GRANGER contended that every dollar of
the capital of this bank consisted of the money de-
rived from the sale of these State bonds, which
was all paid iDto the bank; and when it became in-
convenient to pay them, the gentleman found out
that it was unconstitutional. He came not here to
speak with disrespect of any man who had been
elevated to the chief magistiacy of a State; but he
must say that, after these bonds were signed—after
the funds were received for them—it was only neces-
sary to turn to that letter of Governor McNutt to
come to the conclusion that it was only when pay-
day came, that he started h ck in holy horror from
the debt. He would go further. If he mistook
not, there was a large amount of bonds out, qon-
stituting the capital of the Planters' Bank of
Mississippi. These bonds, the nature of which
must be known to the gentleman from Mississippi
and his colleague, had not yet heen repudiated. He
asked the gentleman to state, in his place, his
opinion wheiher these bonds should or should not
be paid.
Mr. GWIN, in reply to the question of the gen-
tleman, would say that all of the candidates of the
Democratic party m Mississippi, during the contest
in 1841, had declared themselves against repudiat-
ing these bonds. After the exhaustion of the as-
sets of the Planters' and Railroad Banks, that were
properly applicable to the payment of these bands,
ihey declared their willingness to meet their oppo-
nents in providing means to pay any glance of these
bonds that should temain unpaid;"but the party op-
posed to the Democrats in the State had, in the
last election, refused to pledge themselves to lay a
tax to pay these bonds. The Legislature of the
State, at several sessions, had attemp'ed to put the
Planters' and Railroad Banks in liquidation, to ap-
ply the assets to the payment of these bonds; but
had been met with obstacles, on account of the sup-
posed chartered rights of the banks; which had.
caused the failure of the application of these assets
to this purpose. The Senate of Mississippi, at the
time, composed of a major'ty of Democrats, had
declared, unanimously, that these bonds were the
bonds of the State—the present Governor of the
State being a member of the Senate at the time.
Mr. GRANGER inquired if he was to under-
stand the gentleman from Mississippi to be in
favor of repudiating the bonds of the Planters'
Bank of Mississippi?
Mr. GWIN denied that he was, or ever had.
been, in favor of repudiating those bonds.
Mr. GRANGER said he did not mistake the
signs of the times; it might not be unimportant to
know and remember what the opinions of the
gentleman were on that subject.
Mr. WISE, (in a firm tone, to the friends aronnd
him.) What does he mean, by its being important
to know that?
Mr. GRANGER hoped .the House and the
country would remember that declaration of opin-
ion. The gentleman had said that he was in favor
of paying the bonds of the Planters'Bank of Mis-
sissippi; and he (Mr. G.) hoped they should see
no repudiation of those bonds. He hoped, too,
that gentleman's honorable colleague [Mr. Thomp-
son] would be of the same way of thinking.
Now about the Union Bank bonds. He there de-
clared, in his place, what the gentleman from.
Mississippi himself would not, and could not, con-
tradict. -"The law granting the power, and directing
ihe subscription for the stock of the Union Bank of
Mississippi, was passed by a Legislature, a majori-
ty of whom were all your hard-money and hard-
currency men—your men who read to the rest of
the nation such elegant lessons on bank profligacy
and bank corruption. Now, was there a prettier
specimen of it than in the Union Bank, which went
into operation on the money raised by the sale of
those bonds? He had no sympathy with the specu-
lators, who stood in the markets to run down the
credit of the States, that they might buy their
bonds below par; but, in this case, every dollar, of
the $5,000,000 raised by the sale of these bonds
