274
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
went into that bank, and it was the only money
raised for the operations of the Union Bank—a
bank whose stock was subscribed for by a hard-
money Governor, under a law passed by a hard-
money Legislature.
Mr. GWIN said, as the gentleman appeared to
understand the political complexion of that Legis-
lature very well, he would ask h;m if the "Whig
. Senator at the other end of the Capitol, from that
State, was not elected by that Legislature?
Mr. GRANGER said he knew it was so; for,
after the passage of that law by a Legislature
which had a hard-money majority, there was such
a storm raised that many of the members resigned,
and a Whig majority was left.
He then went on to allude to some epithets
which he said had been used towards him by the
gentleman from Mississippi, and said he should
notice arguments, and not epiihets. He then asked
the gentleman from Mississippi if he was pre-
pared to rise in this hall, and say that the Union
Bank of that S.ate ever issued a dollar spon any
funds bat those she raised by the sale of these five
millions of bonds? ^And whether be was in favor of
laying a tax to raise a single dollar for the repay-
ment of them? He (Mr. G.) had nothing more to say
on this subject, than, to declare that he stood there
ready to verify every assertion he had made.
But one word on the subject of State debts, and
the remarks which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. AdamsJ made yesterday. He [Mr.
Granger] did not agree with that gentleman in
many of the positions which he assumed; and on one
he agreed most fully with the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Gwin.J And when foreign stockhold-
ers came here, aad paid they knew not abroad
that there wlis-any diffetence between the stock of
the different States of this Union, and that they had
been deceived in advancing their money, believing
that the faith 01 the General Government was
pledged for its repayment, he would, with the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, turn to them and say,
Why was it, then, that you bought Illinois bonds at
40 cents, and other State bonds for 30 cents—some
even for 15 cents—New York 6's for 80 and 90
cents, and Massachusetts at par? For he did not
come there to glorify his own Slate, but to slate
the facts as they stood. Ye*, when a foreign bond-
holder came to buy State bonds, and said he con-
sidered that they were all guarantied by the faith
of the United Slates Government, he [Mr. Granger]
would tell him that his own actions proved that he
knew to the contrary.
Another word on this subject. It was a pity—
a grievous pity—whatever some gentlemen might
think of it, as connecied with this whole subject,
that the land bill of 1832, or 1833, or whatever the
year was, did not become a law.
If that land bill had become a law of the land,
and the distribution had taken place amongst the
States, they might not have been driven to re-
pudiation. And if the surplus funds of 1835 and
1836 had been divided out among the States in
the proportion in which they were entitled to it,
they would never have seen what they had seen.
And he there told the gentlemen who heard him,
that there was not a Slate of th« Union—unless it
was not already determined to repudiate—that
would not call upon them in some form or other
—either that of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
W. C. Johnson,] or some other—to make the
common property of the nation be for the com-
mon benefit of the Slates.
He regretted to hear the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] say that British steameis
could go to Mississippi and conqucr that Stale.
He differed from him entirely en that subject, al-
though he had never seen in that gentleman any
thing that looked like favoring the Britti-h. He
had watched that gentleman's conne towards Great
Britain closely, through his whole life; and though
he thought the gentleman from Massachusetts
would do justice to all nations, he had often seen
that the.revolutionary blood which was in his veins,
and the veins of his sire, rose up; and on any ques.
tion of doubt between us and Great Britain, that
gentleman was made what had been called a pretty
"good hater." Tfle gentleman from Massachu-
setts was the last man against whom a charge
should be brought of favoring the British, though
he (Mr. Grahgbr) did not agree with him that the
steamers of Great Britain could go up the Missis-
sippi. The valley of the Mississippi alone was
competent to protect her. He was, however, a lit-
tle surprised the other day, and more surprised
now, that some indignation had not been expressed
in relation to some remarks of another gentleman
on this floor. The gentleman from Mississippi
charged almost treason to his country on the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, for intimating that
British steamers could conquer the single State of
Mississippi; and yet an eloquent gentleman from
South Carolina, on the navy appropriation bill the
other day, told them that British steamers could go
up the Mississippi, and lay waste, not only one, but
every State bordering on that river; and they then
heard no charge from the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, nor had they now heard any charge against
the gentleman from South Carolina—no,nota word.
After a few other observations, he resumed his
seat.
The SPEAKER then announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
Mr. ADAMS obtained permissicn to correet an
error into which the gentleman from New York
had fallen. He denied that he had said British
steamers sould go up the Mississippi, and conquer
that State; but he had supposed a case, and in-
quired what this Government would do under such
circumstances.
Mr. GWIN said the gentleman from New York
had accused him (Mr. G.) with applying epithets
to him. He (Mr. G.) had applied but one epithet
to the gentleman. It was, that he was the Robes-
pierre of the Harrison administration, and was as
fond of cutting off heads officially, as that monstsr
had been in reality. He wished to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact, that the gentleman
from New York had, at the last session of Con-
gress, declared in his place—and with a self-satis-
fied air that cannot be forgotten—that he had de-
capitated 1,700'postmasters.
Mr. GRANGER said he did not object to that
at all. It was fair and legitimate.
Mr. GWIN asked to what, then, did the gentle-
man allude? It was the only epithet he had us_ed
in connexion with the gentleman's same; andfas
the gentleman had remarked, he thought it per-
fectly legitimate. The observations addressed to
the House a few days ago, by that gentleman, in
reply to his (Mr. G.'s) colleague, who had con-
tended for bringing down the expenditures of the
Government to the national receipts, were intended
to reflect upon the State of Mississippi for the posi-
tion she bad taken in relation to the Union Bank
bonds. He (Mr. G.) thought that the gentleman's
doctrine of private repudiation, by ex post facto
laws, was more odious than what was chargcd
upon Mississippi, if the charge were true; and he
used the expression that, like the rattlesnake, he
had sunk his fangs into his own politically-corrupt
body, instead of wounding his colleague. Did the
gentleman from New York object to this expres-
sion, in this connexion?
Mr. G. said that he would not trespass on the
courtesy of the gentleman from Maryland, who
had yielded him the floor, so long as lo go into an
argument to disprove all the positions taken by the
genileman from New York in regard to the Union
Bank bonds—not one of which was tenable—which
held the Slate liable for these bonds. He was pre-
pared to show to the satisfaction of every impartial
man, here oi elsewhere, that there was neither le-
gal nor constitutional liability on the State to pay
these bonds; snd he was willing to abide the de-
cision of the country as to whether a moral obli-
gation rested, where lhare was none constitutional-
ly or legally. He would remark, that the Legis-
lature that chartered this bank had been character-
ized as a hard-money Legislature by the gentleman
from New York; but he omitted to state that near-
ly every Whig m it voted for the bank and supple-
ment—that the Whig party in the Legislature of
that State went almost en masse for all the bank
charters that had beea passed; and that party
• had the management of all the banks after they
went into operation, and had led them to bankrupt-
cy ; as the same party had the United States, in its
short rule since the 4th of March, 1841.
The subject then went over, Mr. W. C. Johnson
having the floor for the morning hour on Monday.
WEST FLORIDA.
Mr. LEVY called for the special order of the
day, being a bill for the relief of inhabitants of
West Florida; which was taken up, and Mr.
LEYY entered into some explanatory statements
respecting the position which the question had as-
sumed.
Mr. ADAMS also explained.
Mr. LEVY then addressed the House at length
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and in favor of the jus-
tice of the claim.
Mr. ADAMS addressed the House in reply to
Mr. Levy, a'nd concluded with moving to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. LEVY said he was very desirous to say a
few words in reply to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and for that purpose entreated him to
withdraw his motion.
MV. ADAMS did not do so, but called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and the mo-
tion to lay on the table was negatived—yeas 72,
nays 77.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurring upon the motion to re-
commit the bill,
Mr. S. J. ANDREWS moved the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main
question ordered to be now put. The effect of this
motion was to bring the House to a direct vote up-
on the passage of the bill.
On taking the question, the result was the re-
jection of the bill by a vote of ayes 36, to noes 113.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland obtained the
floor; but,
Mr. LEVY said he rose to a privileged question. *■
He moved a reconsideration of the vote by which
the bill had been rejected. *
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order,
as coming from a Delegate, who had no vote, and
therefore could not have voted with the majority,
which circumstance alone entitled a gentleman to
move a reconsideration.
Mr. WELLER said that, in order to enable the
Delegate to get in his remarks, he would himself
move a reconsideration of the vote just taken.
Mr. LEVY then took the floor, and, after some
interruption, caused by questions of order and
motiens to adjourn, addressed the House in con-
tinuation of the remarks made by him to-day, and
the conclusion of which was prevented by the ex-
piration of bis hour.
Mr. LEVY concluded by moving the previous
question.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to lay the motion on
the table, and it was carried.
Mr. J, L. WILLIAMS offered the following
resolution, which was considered and adopted:
jResolved, That the Committeeon Indian Affairs inquire and
report to this House what amount of expenditure has been im-
properly charged to the appropriation of July, 1836, and what
amount of expenditure has been improperly charged to theap.
propriation of 1838—which appropriations were for carryiag
into effect the Cherokee treaty of 1835-'6; and that said com-
mittee have power to send for persons ana papers.
Several resolutions of inquiry were then pre-
sented and adopted, and
The House adjoarned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 13, 1843.
/ Mr. BARROW presented a memorial numerous-
ly signed by practical engineers, and 9,000 citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, complaining of the operations of
the steamboat law of 1838, and pointing out its de 
fccts aa regards the mode of inspecting and testing
steamboat boilers. Mr. B. said the memorial was
drawn up with great abihty, and pointed out the
defects of that law in a clear and satisfactory man-
ner. He said the subject was then before the other
House; and the motion he would submit in relation
to the memorial there would have been different
if he did not know that the subject was before the
other branch of Congress. He then moved th&fc
