2?8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
RETRENCHMENT, ECONOMY, AND gov-
ernment RESOURCES.
She resolutions introduced on Tuesday last by
Mr. McDoppib, on the propriety of adopting meas-
ures to revive commerce, replenish the impov-
erished exGhequer, and to arrest the accumulation
ofpublic debt, by reducing the tariff of the last ses-
sion to a revenue standard, and by practising a ri-
gid-system of retrenchment, economy, and account-
ability, came up for consideration,
Mr. McDUFFIE addressed the Senate for
about two hours, treeing the condition of the coun-
try to its true foundation, and pointing out the ne-
cessity of retracing those steps by which the Gov-
ernment had been led astray, throush unwise and
improvident legislation. Mr. McD.'s speech (of
which a full report is in preparation) was distin-
guished for its eloquence and comprehensive lange
of policy. He took a bold and uncompromising
stand upon the three main prepositions of his resolu-
tions: that the present distress of tbc country was
due to the system which had overflowed the treasu-
ry at the expense of commerce, and had superin-
duced a state of things which necessarily led to an
inflated currency, enormous expansions of the cur-
rency, txtended credits, wild speculations, disas-
. trous disappointment, and, in time, consequent
bank contractions, revulsions, prostration, and ruin.
Either in perfect ignorance of, or wilfully blind to,
the true sources of the evils which exist, a tariff bill
had been passed last session, the sure effects of
which have been the decaying and crippled stale of
commerce, which rendered it utteily incapable of
longer sustaining the Government.
With an impoverished and exhausted treasury,
and a national debt rapidly accumulating, the Gov-
ernment had adopted the suicidal policy of putting
shackles on that commerce which had been its sole
support for the fifty years of its existence, had car-
ried the country triumphantly through two exhaust-
ing wars, had subsequently paid off an enormous
national debt, and then been forced to swell the
public coffers to repletion. It was absurd to hope
for any relief for the present condition of the coun-
try-from attempts to regulate the currency and ex-
changes. These were things which would best reg-
ulate themselves, by being fett to work out their
own cure. Gentlemen, to relieve the country,
must retrace their steps, and remove from com-
merce the shacliles they had so unwisely and im-
providently imposed upon it; (hey must revise
their tariff law, and bung down duties! to a reve-
nue standard; ihey must abandon their natrow-
sighted policy of protecting special interests, at the
expense of other interests of incalculably moie im-
portance; and they must economize and retrench
the expenditures of the Government.
On each of these points Mr. McD. expatiated
with great eloquence and ability; pustaining his
views by arguments no less cogent and statesman-
like than original.
On the suggestion by Mr. EVANS, the resolu-
tions were parsed over informally till to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the previous orders
cfijthe day were postponed, and the Senate took up,
as' in committee of the whole, the hill entitled "An
act authorizing the President uf the United Stales
to issue to the heirs of J«ha Campbell a patent for
the remainder of a private land claim at Prairie da
Chien,in the Territory of Wisconsin."
There being no amendment proposed, the bill
^as reported to the Senate, and ordered to be rn-
grorted for a third leading.
Mr. KERR, from the Judiciaiy Committee, re-
potted back, without amendment, an 1 with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bin entitled '!An act
for the relief of Grrhaoi A. Woiih, one of ihe
sureties of Samuel Edmund*, dccoas.-d "
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the pre-
vious oiders ot the day were postponed, ar.d the
Senaie took up for ronsiretation as in committee
t.f the whole, Hoess bill entitled "An act to au-
thorize the enic!m°nt or reg ter of the brig Naeva
Grenada." There being nc amendment prep< ted,
the bill was reported to tBe Senate, sad, according 10
order, read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, Franklin Whit-
ney bad leave to withdraw his petition and papers
from the flies of the Senate.
> On motion by Mr, ARCHER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the peti-
tion and papers of William Evans.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the Senate took up, as in
committee of the whole, the bill from the House
for the relief of W. W. Street; which was consid-
ered, reported to the Senate, read the third time,
and passed.
The joint resolution for the distribution of cer-
tain copies of the Oens'to returns, and Compendium
of the Sixth Census, was taken up as in committee
of the whole; and, after a few remarks by Messrs.
HENDERSON and KING in opposition to its
paesage, and by Mr. TAPPAN in its favor, it was
ieported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the Senate took up, as in
committee of the whole, ihe Senate bill to grant a
tract of land to Villeneuve LeBlanc, in considora-
* tion of the benefit derived to the public lands from
bis services to damming up the mouth of False
river.
Mr. BARROW and Mr. HENDERSON de-
fended the bill, on the ground of services rendered
to the United States. They stated that the exer-
tions of this individual had reclaimed to the United
States nearly 500,000 acres of land; and that, not-
withstanding his exertions were to benefit his own
property, by damming this river, and that he had no
ltgal claims against the United States, yet they
thought it but just that he should be remunerated
with 1,000 acres of the land reclaimed, for his
trouble and great expense in making the dam
which had reclaimed it.
Messrs. CALHOUN and KING opposed the
passage of the bill, on the ground that there was no
legal claim; that the individual had performed the
work for his own private benefit, without the au-
thority of the United States—without regard to the
benefit or injury to its property; and the principle
involved was a new and dangerous one.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and rejected,
on yeas and nays—yeas 11, nays 19.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 13, 1843.
Mr. FORNANCE presented the petition of G°o.
Richards, William .Vangezer, and 19 others, citi-
zens of Pottstown, Montgomery county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the distribution of $200,000,000
national stock.
Also, the p 'tuion of J. C. Slemmer, J. E. Weeks,
and 35 others, citizens of Pottstown, Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to restore
to Amos Kendall his personal liberty, and remu-
nerate him for ihe loss sustained by several suits
recently brought against him.
Mr. CHARLES A. FLOYD presented a peti-
tion that Greenport, in the county of Suffolk, New
York, be made a port of entry.
Mr. DODGE ol Wisconsin presented the petition
of James B. Estis, of Iowa county, Territory of
Wisconsin, asking Congress for remuneration for
property destrojed and services rendered the United
States during the war with the Sac Indians, m the
year 1832.
Mr. BURKE presented the petitions of Susanna
Vinton, Polly Chase, Elizabeth Hall, Submit
Roberts, Isabel Bogbee, Mary Wood, Maccy
Bemis, and Lydia Sanders, prajing to be placcd on
the roll of revolutionary pensioners: referred io the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr HASTINGS presented the memorial of 103
fa/mcrs of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking CuR-
pichs to iquslize ihe tariff, and in just reference to
their „iaptrsof wool and bides.
Also, ihe memorial of 63 farmers of Carroll
county, Ohio, on the same subjtct.
Also, the memorial of 35 farmers of Columbiana
county, Ohio, op ihe same subject.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL presented the
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania, in favor of refunding to General Jackson
the fine imposed on him by Judge Hall in 1815;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MOORE rose and said he was about to
moves resolution, which he hoped would meet with
the concurrence of his brother Whigs of the House.
It was, that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the W hole, for the purpose of proceeding
with the resolution on the subject of General Jack-
son's fine.
Mr. READ rose to a question of order. By the
23d rule, this was one of the days assigned for the
reception cf resolutions from the several S ates,
without debate; and he called upon the Speaker to
enforce that rule. He had business of importance
belonging to his State, which he bad for a long time
been waiting in vain to present.
Mr. CUSHING asked if this was not the day as-
signed for the consideration of the bill on the sub-
ject of commercial treaties, introduced by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy]
The SPEAKER informed ihe gentleman from
Pennsylvania that he was right in the construction
he had given to the rule; but the bill reported by the
gentleman from Maryland had been made the spe-
cial order for tr-day, and could not be set aside but
by general consent.
Mr. READ appealed from the decision of the
Chair. He made this appeal for the purpose of be-
in:; heard once in ihe course of the session. He
had not, since he had been here, been able to get the
floor for five minutes.
The SPEAKER said that the appeal was not
debatable, and put the question to the House; which
was decided by sustaining the decision.
Mr. HOPKINS hoped that, by general consent,
the House would, before proceeding to the regular
order, take up and refer the bills from the Senate;
which being agreed to, the following were severally
read twice, and referred to appropriate committees:
The bill ior the relief of the heirs of William
Fisher.
The bill to prevent the employment of private
expresses on the mail routes, and for the prevention
of frauds on the Post Office; and
The bill in relation to the two per cent, fund of
the State of Mississippi.
DOMESTIC HEMP.
The joint resolution of the House, with the
amendments cf theSenate thereto,to establish agen-
cies for the purchase of American water-rotted
hemp, was taken up; the question being on the
amendments of the Senate.
The amendments being read, Mr. SMITH of
Virginia moved to lay the resolution and amend-
ments on the tabic; which motion was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 136.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS moved the previous
question, and it was sustained by the House; and
ihe amendmenis of ihe Senate were concurred in.
COMET AND ENCOMIUM.
The House then took up the bill for the relief of
Wnliam Selden, Treasurer of the United States,
on the question of concurring in ihe amendment of
the Senaie. ■ This bill was originally entitled "A
bill for the relief of claimants to indemnities re-
ceived from the British Government for the loss of
slaves from on board the Comet and Encomium at
Nassau, Bahamas."
Mr. STANLY moved the previous question,
which was sustained; a motion to lay the bill on
the table was negatived, and the Senate's amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved a reconsideration of the
i-ote by which the amendment was concurred in,
for the purpo-« of offering some observations there-
on. He then proceeded with some remarks in op-
position to the bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS'S hour having expired—
Mr. CUSHING observed that the gentleman
from Oh:o, in the course of his remarks on this
bill, h%d made allusion to himself, among others,
when speaking of the resolution in consequence of
which the vote casting censure on him was passed;
and he had not only travelled out of the issue in-
volved m it, but, throughout the whole of his re-
marks, had indulged in lhat exaggeration of lan-
guage which xvas to be anticipated from a person
whose mind was governed by this one idea, and
was, therefore, incapable of entering into the eie-
