CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the payment of a debt; which must he made, in the end, by
some form of public taxation.
I cannot forbear to add that, in a country as full of resources- -
ofsuch abundant means, iftheybobut judiciously called out—
the revenues of the Government, its credit, and its ability to
fulfil all its obligations ought not to be made dependent on tem
porary expedients or on calculations.
The necessity of further and full provision for supplying the
wants of the treasury will be the more urgent if Congress, at
the present session, should adopt no plan for facilitating the
financial operations of the Government, and improving the
currency of the country. By the aid of a wise and efficient
measure of that kind, not only would the internal business and
prosperity of the country be revived and invigorated, but im-
portant additions to the amountof revenue accruing from im-
portations might also be expected. Not only does the present
condition of things in relation to the currency and commercial
exchanges produce severe and distressing embarrassments in
the business and pursuits of individuals, but its obvious ten-
dency is to create also a necessity for the imposition of
new burdens of taxation, in order to secure the Government
and the country against discredit from the failure of means to
fulfil the public engagements.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, February 13,1843.
The contents of the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury to the President of the United States, may
be summed up as follows:
The Secretary estimates the receipts during the year 1843 at
®20,483,358 36, to be derived from the following subjects:
Customs ...... $13,000,000 00
Lands  2,500,000 00
Miscellaneous sources - 1(4),000 00
Loans and treasury notes ■ - - 4,883,368 36
To which he adds the balance in the treasury on
the 1st of January, so far as can be ascer-
tained  2,840,041 72
Aggregate of means
-  23,3<?3,400 08
The expenditures during the same period as follows.
Civil and miscellaneous • $4,445,122 00
Military service, &c. ■ 9,2hti,428 00
Naval service ..... 7,831,223 00
Interest on loan and treasury notes - - 1,320,000 00
$22,932,773 00
$300,627 08
Estimated balance on 1st January, 1844 -
The sftretary than stales that this estimate does
not include private bills, and other items of appro-
priation not contained in the official estimates. Of
treasury notes, there are $11,068,977 69 outstand-
ing; of which the whole, except §2,409,390 16,
carry interest after maturity. To provide for these,
the Secretary recommends that authority be given
to place them on the same footing with other
treasury notes. The letter then concludes wilh a
recommendation that a duty be imposed upon tea
and coffee, and such objects not now taxed, as
would increase the revenue? of the Government.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to refer the message
and report to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and to print them; and on this motion he moved
the previous question.
Mr. WISE asked the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fillmore] to accept, as a modification
of his motion, certain instructions to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, which he read from his
place. They were, in substance, instructing the
Committee of Ways and Means to examine into
the state of the finances, aad to report to the House
whether, in their opiuion, the revenues of the Gov-
ernment will be sufficient to sustain its operations
through the coming year; and, if not, what measures
ought to be adopted to provide the necessary ways
and means for carrying on the Government.
Mr. FILLMORE refused to accept the modifi-
cation.
Under the operation of the previous question, the
reference was made, and the printing ordered, as
moved by Mr. Fillmore.
Mr. WISE then moved a reconsideration of the
vote just taken upon the question of printing the
message and report; and upon that he had a word
to say.
He felt, at the moment, eome little excitement
from the manner in which he had been treated by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Fillmore.] He called for the reading
of that communication with a purpose which, he
had no doubt, the honorable gentleman anticipated;
and that purpose, he would confess to the House,
was this: From what occurred between the hon-
orable gentleman and himself the other day, when
he catechised him as to his opinions of the ways
and means of the Government, it would be remem-
bered by the House that, whether the gentleman
intended to evade an answer or not, he was most
successful in not answering. When he (Mr. W.)
a*ted him what was the opinion of the Committee
of Ways and Means with regard to the opinions
of the Secretary of the Treasury that there would
be a surplus of debt, a surplus of bonds, and a
surplus of outstanding treasury cotes, the gentle-
man gave no definite answer. He (Mr. W.)
wanted to ascertain whether the Committee of
Ways and Means (whose appointed duty it was,
by the standing rules of the House, to ascertain
for themselves whether the Executive reports were
correct) thought that the Secretary of iheTieasury
had given a true statement of the condition of the
finances; but he could not get an opinion from the
honorablegentleman on the subject. He would now
ask the honorable gentleman for an expression of
his opinions on this important subject Did he, or
did he not, agree with the calculations of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury? He (Mr. W.) ventured
to say—and the gentleman might contradict him
if he dared—that he did net agree with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in his calculations as to the
means of supplying the wants of the treasury.
Mr. FILLMORE observed that there was one
remark in the message, just read which was un-
deniably true; and that was, the declaration that it
was the duty of the Executive to inform Congress
if there was likely to be a deficiency in the rev-
enues. He believed that the usage of the Gov-
ernment had been invariably, not only for the
Committee of Ways and Means to look to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for information on this sub-
ject, but for Congress to do so also. Now, in an-
swer to the gentleman's question, he would say that
the Committee of Ways and Means had been wait-
ing for that communication, and had not come to
ny settled opinion in relation to it.
Mr. WISE. Do I understand the gentleman to
say 
Mr. FILLMORE. One word more.
Mr. WISE. Oh! I'll wait.
Mr. FILLMORE resumed. The gentleman
from Virginia had charged him with answering
that gentleman unsatisfactorily, or wilh evasion.
The gentleman from Virginia, however, when he
(Mr. Fillmore) got through his explanation, said
that he was satisfied.
Mr. WISE said he was satisfied then, as he was
now, that the gentleman evaded the question.
Mr. FILLMORE said, if the gentleman did
think so, he must submit the question between
them to the country. But he told the gentleman
from Virginia that he had formed no opinion, but
had besn waiting for information from the Treas-
ury Department on which to form an opinion.
Mr. WISE asserted, in the presence of that
House, that, the other day, he asked the gentleman
from New York what his opinion waf; and he de-
clared, as he did to-day, first, that it was the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to inform the
Congress of the United States upon the condition
of the finances. With that he agreed. The Sec-
retary, at the beginning of the session, did inform
them on the state of the finances; but the gentle-
man from New York had called for additional in-
formation, which he told them, the Other day, the
Secretary had not yet furaished. But on Friday
or Saturday last, the Secretary furnished the gen-
tleman from New York with a statement, (which
was, in substance, confirmed by the messaee now
received,) and on that statement he (Mr. W.) put
several interrogatories to the gentleman from New
York on that floor; after which, the gentleman
from New York came to his seat, and asked him if
he thought he [Mr. Fillmore] had answered him
to his satisfaction. He (Mr. W.) told him, and he
was trying to demonstrate, that he thought he did
not wish to answer at all; and he then put it to the
gentleman from New York, at his desk, to know
what his private opinion was, ss chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means; and whether he
agreed with the Secretary of the Treasury? And
the gentleman adiaitted,tbat he did not sgree with
the Secretary in his general conclusions.
• Mr. FILLMORE. Mr. Speaker, 
Mr. WISE. Will the gentleman deny that?
Mr. FILLMORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WISE. Sir,—T
Mr. FILLMORE. I told him that I had no
opinion to express.
Mr. WISE. Did not tha gentleman admit that
he agreed with me, that the Secretary was not cor-
rect in his conclusions?
Mr. FILLMORE. No, sir.
Mr. WISE I sffirm it before heaven and earth.
[Great sensation ]
Mr. FILLMORE. I care not who affirms it—It
isnot.so. [Cries of "order."]
Mr. WISE said he would not call upon witnesses
to confirm his statement; for he should call upon
no man lo back his word: bul whoever denied it
might—and might according to his own manner—
be responsible for it.
Mr. FILLMORE replied that, if the gentleman
recollected it differently from him, (Mr. Fillmore,)
he should like to hear his statement. But, accord-
ing to bis recollection, he did not give any opinion
whatever.
Mr. WISE knew not, nor cared not, whether any
one heard what had passed between himself and the
gentleman from New York, or noT; but, at the mo-
ment that gentleman declined to express a specific
opinion—the moment he declared that he was not
prepared to express a specific opinion on the subject
—that is, to enter on calculations of the ways and
means—he (Mr. W.) declared that that gentleman
did say that he did not concur with the Secretary
that the ways and means would be sufficient, or
that a surplus would exist. If the gentleman from
New York did not make that declaration at the
time to which he referred, he (Mr. W.) was not
then standing at that desk, and he was dresyning
then. He knew this was the age of Mesmerism;
he knew this was the age of Millerism; he knew
this was the day when truth falls in the streets;
but he had never yet given way to any of these
theories. He could not believe that he had been
in a Mesmeric sleep when the conversation to
which he had referred passed; for the gentleman
came to his seat to inquire what he wished to
know, and he told that gentleman distinctly what
he wanted to know. He told that gentleman that
he wanted to know if the Committee of Ways and
Means had a different opinion from the Secretary
of the Treasury—or whether he was willing that
the position s of the Secretary of the Treasury should
go forth to the country, that there would be ways
and means sufficient, so that if the President should
be compelled to call an extra session, all the re-
proach would fall on the Executive. He (Mr.
W.) insisted then, as he did now, that not only
was it the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury
to report to this House on the ways and means, and
submit his views, but that it was the duty of the-
Committee of Ways and Means, and of the chair-
man of that committee especially, himself to judge,
and to examine, and to report; and of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to say whether
it was correct and true.
As he said the other day, our Constitution took
double security on this subject; for they were to
have not only an executive, bat a legislative re-
port. B-n had it come to this, that, when it suited
the purposes of gentlemen, ihey would throw all
the burden of legislation on the Executive, and
discbarge themselves from all legislative duties and
responsibilities? Had the Committee of Ways
and Means no duties to discharge on this subject?
This was cot their language on other subjects—on
the great question1; of finance, and of the land,
law, and on various other questions which were
submitted to Congress. The gentlemen at one mo-
ment repudiated Executive dictation; and at the
next moment, when it suited them, they asserted
that the Executive alone was responsible. He
(Mr. Wise) must say that, as many laurels as that
gentleman had won sines he had been chairman of
the Committee cf Ways and Means, that confes-
sion which he had made for himself and for tha
Committ?e of Ways and Means, after an exami-
nation of kindred subjects at this session and the
two sessions which preceded it—that they had
formed no opinion on the ways and means of this
Government—was a very extraordinary one.
What! a chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, on this 13th day of February—within
two weeks of the adjournment of the last session
