CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
of this Congress—at the very last hoar of ths third
session of Congress, to proclaim to this country
that he had no opinion on the ways and means!
Mr. FILLMORE begged permission to explain.
Mr. WISE said he should like to have an ex-
planation.
Mr. FILLMORE explained that he meant he
had formed no opinion independent of executive
communications.
Mr. WISE asked the gentleman if he believed
the communication of the Secretary of the Treas
ttry was correct.
Mr. FILLMORE replied that he had no means
of showing its incorrecmess, and he had no reason
to believe ihat tbe Secretary was a dishonest man.
Mr. WISE inquired if the gentleman from New
York believed in the data of the Secretary?
Mr. BOTTS rose to a question of order. The
gentleman from Virginia had no right to poll the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means in
this way.
Mr. FILLMORE rose to explain.
Mr. WISE begged the reporters to take note of
tbe gentleman's explanation. And what was it?
It w&s this: "I have no opinion independent of the
information of the Secretary of ths Treasury."
What is your opinion about the information of the
Secretary of the Treasury? "I have no means of
showing that it is incorrect." Well, now, what
■was the gentleman's opinion at last? Nothing at
all. The gentleman from New York said, the
other day, that if the data of the Secretary were cor-
rect, why then his calculations were correct.
He (Mr. W.) asked if the Secretary's data were
correct; and the reply was, "I have no means of
knowing whether they are correct or incorrect."
And this came from the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who confessed that, inde-
pendent of the Secretary of tbe Treasury, he had
got no opinion at all. Did they believe that he
had gat no opinion? The gentleman did not say he
had got no opinion; but though he had got no spe-
cific opinion, he (Mr. W.) believed he bad a gen-
eral conclusion as to the correction of those data.
Now, he asked for the motive for the concealment
ot those opinions. He asked why there was not
a report from ihat committee?
Mr. FILLMORE asked the gentleman from Vir-
ginia if he believed tbe report made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, as he was nearer the Execu-
tive than he (Mr. F.) could be; or whether the gen-
tleman from Virginia had any means of knowing
that it was false.
Mr. WISE. This is not a question of falsehood.
ILaughter.] He begged gentlemen to wait for an
answer before they laughed. He told the gentle-
man from New York that he differed wholly from
the Secretary of the Treasury. Had they got their
answer? [Laughter.] Now, would the gentleman
answer him a question? Did the gentleman from
New York believe in the correctness of tbe Secre-
tary's report? [Criesof "That's fair."] Now, let
gentlemen laugh. He (Mr. W.) differed from the
Secretary of the Treasury, and he believed his
data would be found to be a sandy foundation, and
that the superstructure based upon it must fall ne-
cessarily.
The gentleman pursued these remarks in this
strain some time, and expressed his dread of an
extra se-sion, and his desire to avoid its necessity.
Mr. FILLMORE replied, and Mr. WISE re-
joined.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was glad to hear this
declaration lrom ths gentleman. If that gentle-
man, standing upon this floor, and speaking the sen-
timents of this Administration, declared that an
extra session ought not to be called, and that there
were no reasons for it, he (Mr. F.) was truly
glad to hear it. As to whether the Committee of
Ways and Means had discharged their duty or noi,
he bad but little to say. The prtsent was the short
session; and, daring its continuance, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had to peiform the duly
of examining a double set of appropriation bill? 
for the half calendar year, and for the fiscal year.
They had also before them a proposition to bring
back into the treasury money which was said to
have been hitherto squandered; also, the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury that
means should be provided for carrying the depart-
ment through the year to the 1st of January next;
and also the exchequer project, which had occupied
much of their time. These were the duties which
they had to perform during this short session.
Whether the committee had been diligent or not,
it was for the House to say. With what ability
the duties had been performed, it certainly did not
become him to say. But if it was a fact (as con-
ceded by the President in the message just read)
that it was the duty of the Executive to inform
the House as to the state of the finances of the
country, he put it to the gentleman to point out a
single fact which indicated that the Committee of
Ways and Means had abandoned all measures to
carry the Government through the year. The
committee took up the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in which that officer, staled that there
would be enough means to carry on the Govern-
ment through the half calendar year, and through
the fiscal year to June, 1844, and then leave a
million and a half in the treasury. When
doubt began to be expressed as to the accu-
racy of the Secretary's calculations, the commit-
tee, unconnected as they were by any near re-
lations to the Administration, caused inquiries to
be made of the Secretary, with a view of afford-
ing him an opportunity to revise his estimates.
Therefore it was that he addressed a letter to the
Secretary, calling on him for the amount which he
estimated would be received and paid out during
the year.
He. would say to the House, that it was in the
power of the Executive, if he saw fit, to exhaust
the treasury, for the purpose of calling an extra
session of Congress. Such a thing might be done;
if it was done, the Executive would be responsible
for the extra session.
It was known ihat large appropriations would
be made by this Congress, to lie over until next
year. Now, it was only necessary for the Presi-
dent, in the exercise of his power to control the ex-
penditures of the?e appropriations, to exhaust the
treasury, by paying them over before they were ab-
solutely needed; and thus create the very necessity
(an extra session) which the gentleman deplored.
If there should be no more expended during the year
than what was appropriated by Congress for that
period, he should say that, in his opinion, the ways
and means of the treasury would be sufficient. He
only asked that the Government might be admin-
istered as it had been in years past. In such an
event, be did believe that the means of the treasury
would prove sufficient. He believed he had said
all that was necessary on this head.
As to the instructions to the Committee of Ways
and Means, moved by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] all he had to say was, that ha
deemed them unnecessary. They implied a cen-
sure upon the committee; and he knew not what
duly they had emitted which calltd for censure
upon them. The committee had never neglec'ed
to consider carefully anything that was recom-
mended by the Executive.
Mr. WISE then rose ard withdrew his motion to
reconsider the printing of the me.'sagf; after which,
The House at'jonrned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 14, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern. laid befoie the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, in further compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 28th of December
last, the following statement, showing the amount
of accruing duties daring the 3J ard 4tU quarter1?
of the past year, and the value of the imports and
exports for the last quarter, a?> follows:
Acrruwgdutiesdimng the 3d quarter - - S"),305,506 31
Accruir.g dunes during the4th quarter - - 2.579,339 2S
5,884,895 59
Value of imports ami exports during the .till (|iiar!er of 1842—
Imports fiee of dnly - . S6,lc0,60t
" paying duly . . 7,197,493
 ?13,64S094
Exports of foreign eoodn—
Free of duty "- - - 1,023.609
Paying duty - • . 1,219,532
Exports of domestic produce
2,243.101
25,229,818
27,472,919
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the State of Maine, praying for the repeal
of the bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, presented a memorial from Lubec, Maine'
praying such legislation on the part of Congress
as will produce greater reciprocity in our commer-
cial regulations with foreign powers: ordered to
lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, leave was
granted to Molly Luther, Mary Chase, Daniel
Peck, and George Johnson, to withdraw their peti-
tions and papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from Rmh
Milligan, praying that the sum of $220 continen-
tal notes, paid to her husband, since deceased, for
his services daring the revolutionary war, may be
made good to her or her children, by sueh general
and equitable law ss may be finally passed on the
subject. Mr. L. remarked that, if any committee
should be hereafter raised to take into considera-
tion the subject of paying the debts of the States,
he would move the reference of this petition
to that committee. It struck him, however, that
there would be more propriety in paying off the
old revolutionary debt, before the idea of assuming
the debts of the States was entertained. For the
present, he moved that the petition be laid on the
table. Agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred the amendments of the House to the Senate
bill for the relief of "William Da Buys, postmaster
at New Orleans, reported the bill back, with a
recommendation that the Senate concur in the
amendments.
The question was put, and the Senate con-
curred.
Mr. CHOATE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of
Robert Fulton; which was read, and dfderedtoa
second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented joint resolutions,
adopted by the Legislature of the State of Maine,
instructing the Senators and requesting the Repre-
sentatives from that Slate to vote for the abolish-
ment of the Military Academy at West Point, in
the State of New York, and for the adoption of
such a plan of military instructions as will be im-
partial in its operations, and consistent with the
spirit and genius of our liberal institutions; which
was read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made a report, (which was ordered to be printed,) ,
adverse to the passage of the House bill for the
relief of Major Thomas Harrison.
On motion by Mr. BATES, leave was granted
to Thomas Flanagan to withdraw his petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Comme/ce, to which was referred the resolution of
the Senate, instructing that committee to inquire
into the expediency of abolishing the system of
revenue cutters, and to employ a part of the navy
of the United S'a'es in that service, made a report,
(which was ordered to be printed,) accompanied
by a resolution, declaring that it was inexpedient
to adopt th? recommendations cf the resolution.
Mr. H., flora tbe same committee, to which had
been referiea Home bill er>tired "An act toreduce
the number and compensation of tbe officers and
others employed in the port of "New York," re-
ported it back, with an amendment to strike out
the preamble.
Mr. WOODBURY submitted the following reso-
lution, wh'ch was ag-eed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
in orm the ';■■■ nats of the net amount of 1 evenue received from
the customs m Me month of January, JStb, according to the
current returns made to the Treasury Department.
^ Mr. LiWN presented a petition from Markham
ifistoe, late postmas'erat Warren, Benton county,
Mifsouri, preying that t'.e amount of a judgment
obtained against, him in the circuit court of the
united States from the Missouri district may be re-
funded to hiir.: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented a petition from Abraham Wil-
cox, representing that he is the father of twenty-
two children, praying aid of the Government to
