eoMsftEssioNAL atom.
m
taise a company to go to the Oregon Territory,
and for grants of land, &c.; which was read, and
laid on the table.
The resolution of the Committee on Commerce,
to discharge that committee from the further con-
sideration of the resolution of the Senate of the 27th of
December last, directing it to inquire into the state of
our tonnage, freights, and commerce, and to report
whether they were prosperous under our existing
regulations with foreign powers, &c., and to refer
the same to the Secretary of State, and directing
him to make the inquiries touching the matter, and
to report thereon at the next session of Congress,
was taken up; and, after a few remarks by Messrs.
HUNTINGTON and WOODBURY, was adopted.
The following resolution introduced by Mr.
Benton on yesterday, was taken tip for consid-
eration; and, after a lew remarks by Mr. ARCHER,
not in opposition to its adoption, bat expressing the
belief that the call was unlike any ever made, it
was agreed to, viz;
Resolvedi That the President of the United States be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate a copy of the commission, or
letter of instruction, which may have been eiven to Daniel
Webster, Esq., Secretary of State, to treat with LordAshburton,
late special minister from Great Britain to the United States,
Theengrossed joint resolution directing the trans-
fer of the stock held by the United Stales in the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal Company, to the State of
Maryland, and to the cities of Washington, George-
town, and Alexandria, on certain conditions, came
up for a third reading.
Mr. KING remarked that one of the conditions
in the bill on which the steck was surrendered,
was, that the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal shall be
completed to Cumberland. He inquired of the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] whether he
considered that the terms of the bill were such as
authorized the Government to reclaim the stock
in case the terms of the bill were not complied
with.
Mr. MERRICK replied that, if the conditions
were not complied with, the whole of the stock
would revert to the Government.
The resolution was then read the third time, and
The joint resolution for the distribution of cer-
tain copies of the Census Returns and Compendium
of the Sixth Census, was read the third time and
passed.
The bill relating to the appointment of Assist-
ant Postmasters General, vesiiDg the power to ap-
point them in the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, was read a third time,
and passed.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BERRIEN said that he had given notice to the
Senate on yesterday, that he would on to-day move
to fix a day for the consideration of the bill to re-
peal the bankrupt law. He was disposed to cive
notice that he would on Monday next ask the Sen-
ate to take that bill up for consideration. He said
that it was desirable that the inlormation obtained
from the Secretary of State, ?s to the operations
of the law, and the report of the committee on the
subject, should be as widely disseminated as possible
before they were railed upon to act finally upon
the bill; and it was desirable to Rive further time to
Senators to consider the report of the Judiciary
Committee,and the smendraer.ts recommended by
it. He supposed that all that was desired by delay
could be accomplished by Monday next.
Mr. YOUNG preferred that the bill should be
then taken up, and made the special order for Mon-
day next; bu , on being informed that such couise
would place the bill behind othrr r-pecial order?,
he acquiesced in the suggestion of Mr. Berrien.
RETRENCHMENT, ECONOMY, AND GOV-
ERNMENT RESOURCES.
The resolutions introduced on Tuesday last by
Mr. McDcjfie, on the propneiy of adopting meas-
ures to revive commerce, replenish the impov-
erished exchequer, and to arrest ihe accumulation
of public debt, by reducing the tariff of the last
session to a revenue standard, and by practising a
rigid system of retrenchment, economy, and ac-
countability, came up for consideration.
Mr. EVANS (in reply to Mr. McDuffie's re-
marks of yesterday) addressed the Senate for up-
wards of two houis and a half, discussing at large
the various topics involved in the resolutions of the
Senator from South Carolina, and the additional
resolutions which he had himself submitted.
At the outset, he remarked, it was withveiy great
reluctance that he rose to occupy any portion of the
time of the Senate at this late period of the session,
when there were so many important and pressing
matters demanding its attention, in the discussion
of these resolutions—resolutions which he feared
were to end in discussion alane. Nevertheless, as
they were deemed of very great importance, (as
they certainly were,) and had been discussed with
ability by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie,] who always evidenced an ability in
whatever he undertook to discuss, he felt it to be
his duty as briefly a? possible to subtniisuchremarks
as the hasty consideration of the subject would ena-
ble him to make. The resolutions of the honora-
ble Senator were chiefly directed to the condition of
the treasury—to the finances and commerce of the
country; and a very large portion of the speech
with which the Senator bad favored the Senate was
directed to the condition of the business of the
country, which he (Mr. E.) admitted were
inseparably connected. He agreed with the Sena-
tor fully and thoroughly, that the commerce of the
country was crippled to a very great extent, and
that butiness was deeply embarrassed. He would
not differ from the honorable Senator as to the
terms of the resolution, which proposed a system
of economy and retrenchment, and of limiting the
expenses of Government to the income which may
be derived by the treasury from all sources. He
would agree with the Senator, that the commerce
of the couniry was greatly embarrassed and crip-
pled; bat he differed from him radically as to the
causes which had occasioned it, and as to the effi-
cacy of the measures which he proposed to revive
it.
Mr. E. then proceeded to a minute investigation
of the measures which he conceived had led to the
derangements of the currency, to which he mainly
attributed the distresses of the country. He vindi-
cated the course which he and the friends with
whom he had acted took in defence of the State
banks, after they had been stimulated by the Gov-
ernment and broken down, and when the Adminis-
tration turned round on them, and endeavored to
destroy them.
Having disposed of .this brauch of the subject,
he advened to the position assumed in the Sena-
tor's rejolutions—that the tariff law was the came of
the condition of the country, and that a revision of
that law would resuscitate commerce. He con-
tended that the commerce of the country was two-
fold —foreign and domestic ; and that the one was
dependent on the other; so that, if domestic com-
mercc languished and fell into decay, so must foreign
commerce. It was, therefore, more reasonable
totracctbc crippled state of foreign commerce to
cjuses which had operated on domestic commerce,
than to what the Senator contends was for the pro-
tection and benefit of rhe home msaufactuiing in-
terests identified with domestic commerce. In
tracirg out their causes, he (Mr. E.) had satisfied
himself that they bad their origin in the want of
a sound currency of uniform value in every part
of the Union. This, he contended, was the great
si.urce of the evils under which the country labcred.
In speaking of the condition of the treasury, and
i's resources, he assumed that ihe dutiable imports
of the year 1843 would be forty-two millions—
yielding a revenue from customs of thirteen or
fourteen m.liions of dollars. He estimated that
the actual expenditures of the Government, inde-
pendent of the interest on debt, would net rxcced
twenty-two millions of dollars for the year ai.d a
h?lf endtrg 30;h June, 1844. He combated the
idea that .he debt could, by any possibility, reach
to what hsd been assumed by some—thirty or forty
millions before the end of the year. It did not at
present exceed twenty-five million^; and could not
be increas-d one dollar without a law of Congress
to that effect; of which therfe was no possible chance
now, at this late period of the session. The reduc-
tions and tetrenchments effected by Congress in the
appropriation bills rendered it certain that the Gov-
ernment could get along very well, and without
the slightest embarrassment, by being allowed to
fe-issue treasury notes already authorized. Those
bearing interest were already at a premium, and
would naturally stay out without any effort; and it
would be only necessary to allow the treasury
notes falling due this year to bear interest, to keep
them out too, and prevent them from embarrassing
the treasury.
Mr. E. attributed to the passage of the tariff law
of last session the revival of the credit of the Gov-
ernment, and ihe high appreciation of the Govern-
ment stocks in the money market.
Speaking of his resolutions, to the effect that it
is the duty of the several States to make provision
for meeting their engagements, and sustaining their
credit, he contended that, the General Government
had a right to make that declaration, without in-
curring the censure of the States, inasmuch a? the
depreciation of their credit reactcd on the credit
of the United Slates; and besides, as a creditor of
some of those Siates, at least to the amount of six
or seven millions, the United States was entitled
to the rights of a creditor, in regard to expressing
its opinions.
He also maintained that the General Govern-
ment, being the Government of the same people
who owned the Slates themselves, was bound to
render those States, in their necessity, whatever
assistance it was in its power to afford. How that
was to be done, was a matter of consideration, and
could not, at this late period of the session, become
a proper subject of discussion.
Mr. E. concluded by proposing the following
amendment to the resolution of Mr. McDdpfie:
for which see proceedings of the I5th Feb.
Mr. DAYTON moved to strike out the last three
resolutions of the amendment, with a view to in-
sert the following:
Resolved, That the distrust and obloquy cast upon the Fed-
eral Government by reason of (he failure of certain States to
make prompt payment nf their debts, is an unjust and unfound-
ed imputation upon its credit and good faith; that, while this
Government deplores the misguided policy of those States
which have embarrassed themselves, it disclaims all liability,
legally or morally, for such delinquency; while, in vindication
ol its own unblemished faith and honor, it appeals with confi-
dence to its past history.
Mr. D, then remarked that he had no dispo-
sition to embark in the general discussion which
had arisen on .these resolutions; but, having submit-
ted this amendment to one of the resolutions, he
would feel gratified if the Senate would afford him
a few moments in which to express his views on
the subject of his amendment. It was very de-
sirable to him that the matter should be postponed
till to-morrow, pledging himself to occupy the Sen-
ate but a few minutes at that time.
Mr. RIVES remarked that he wished to submit
a paper which he had prepared, expressing his own
views on the subject-matter brought into the dis-
cussion on these resolutions. It was not then in
order to submit this paper as an amendment to the
resolutions pending; but, with the leave of the Sen-
ate, he would present it with the view—if the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Dayton] was rejected—of submitting
it as a substitute for the last three resolutions of she
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans ] The p*p«r
was read.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that both of the amend-
ments ptoposed, and the paper submitted by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, would be re-
ceived and printed. They were received, and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that he was exceed-
ingly sorry to find that, when there were just about
two weeks of the session left, a general discussion
was likely to be opened «p on a proposition out of
which no practical good could gro.7. If the dis-
cussion was permitted to progress, the whole ses-
sion "i-ouid le consumed unprofitable debate.
He therefore rose for the simplo purpose of giving
notice to the Setate that on to-monow, as soon
afier ihe remarks of the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Dayton] fs he conld get the floor, he would
move to lay the whole of the propositions on the
table; and he trusted that all those Senators who
were anxious to proceed wiih the practical business
of the session would be in their places, and sus-
tain, by their votes, the proposition he intended tQ
make.
