CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ALLEN did not believe that the discussion
•which was suggested on the introduction of ihe
resolutions of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. McDotfie] was unprofitable or un-
wise; and if he bad even supposed that such was
the case with reference to those resolutions, he
should have changed his opinion after the intro-
duction of the several propositions now laid before
that body. The proposition submitted as an
amendment to the resolutions of the Senator from
South Carolina, intended to present to the Senate
the question of the assumption of the debls of she -
States, having come before them on the responsi-
bility of a Senator, it would be unbecoming in the
Senate, in the present emergency, not to meet the
question fully, fairly, and openly. He then said
he rose for the purpose of expressing the hope
that, under no circumstances, would the Senate
agree to the motion which the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Merrick] intimated his inten-
tion to submit. Tne language of the resolutions
of the Senator from Virginia admonished them of
the consequences which would be fairly deduced if
the Senate adopted this side way of dispositig of the
question; that delusive hopes would be enteriained
that this Government would endorse the faltering
credit of the States, by directly or indirectly assu-
ming their debts. Such (said he) would be the effect
of the failure on the part of the Senate to express
its opinion on the subject. The negative act of a
failure to express an opinion against the assump-
tion, would be construed as giving a shadow of
countenance to .the scheme. He appealed to the
Se-na'e to meel the question fairly, and to make the
vote of laying the lesolutions on the table a test
question.
Mr. BUCHANAN was very much impressed
with the same considerations expressed by .the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Mbiuiick ] that a
protracted discussion on these resolutions and
amendments would obstruct the pressing and ne-
cessary business of Congress jet to be acted upon
this session. There were but fifteen days of the
session yet unexpired, during which a very large
number of public and private bills must be actcd
upon. No compensating benefit could be expactfd
from the discussion of mere abstract questions lead-
ing to no action; for experience had shown that
resolutions of this kind were, from time to time,
offered and discussed at former sessions, for weeks
upon weeks, without leading to any practical re-
sults. He instanced several occasions, within a
few years back, in which much time had been de-
voted to abstract discussions. At the fame time,
as the question of the assumpiion of the Slate
debts, or of agisting the States to get out ol their
indebtedness, had been mooted, he concurred in
the opinion that it was now necessary to have
some unequivocal fxpres-ion of the semiments
of the Senate on thxt point, and would le glad
if it could be brought up either in the foim
proposed by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Rjvks,] or in some other form; for he desired an
opportunity to give expression to his tentimmts.
But he feared so much dii-.cu^sion would take place,
and so many subjects of eonirovery would be
opened up before the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia could come up, that an opportunity
would not be affon'eu of taking the vote ot the
Senate directly on the question: and he ccuU,
theiefore, wish it had been brought forward by the
Senator as a distinct pinpostlirn, on which a vote
could be taken directly, fie (Mr. B.) would, how-
ever, call upon the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee to make a report on the memorials a«d pe-
titions which had been referted l  that committee
in such numbers doting the session, and hoped he
would be prepared, in a day or two, to make that
report.
Mr. EVANS said that no petitions were before
the committee on the subject of the assumption of
the State debis.
Mr. BUCHANAN said there were great, num-
bers of petitions and memorials referred to the com-
mittee on the subject o' issuing Government scrip,
based on the public lands, to ths amount of
$200,000 000, for the relief of the States, which was
the same thing.
Mr, EVANS replied that petitions in relation
to a currency of two hundred millions of dollars of
that kind had been referred to the committee; but
they had nothing to say about the assumption of
the State debts.  
Mr. BUCHANAN referred the Senator to the
very last petition be (Mr. B.) bad presented, and
which had been referred te the committee.
Mr. ARCHER concurred with the Senator from
Ohio, that, the question having come before the
Sesate—-no matter in what shape, or how—it
would not now do to give it the go-by; and that
there ought to be a direct vote upon it. He also
concurred with the Senator from Maryland, in the
necessity of applying the remaining time of the
session to the real, practical business of legislation.
He hoped, therefore, the suggestion he would throw
out would meet the unanimous concurrence of
every Senator. It was, that, after the Senator from
New Jersey (who is entitled to the floor, and to
whom it is in courtesy due) shall have expressed
his views to-morrow, the vote on the amendments,
in their order, and then on the resolutions, will be
suffered to be taken without further debate.
Mr. DAYTON, seeing that the sense of the Sen-
ate was in favor of a speedy termination of a dis-
cussion which, if it proceeded, would obstruct
the public business, would most cheerfully waive
any intention he had of accompanying his amend-
ment with a few remarks.
Mr. ARCHER was sorry the Senator waived
his right to the floor; for he was assured, even if
any indulgence were implied in the opportunity, it
was fully due, and would be gladly accorded to a
Senator who had so seldom availed himself of his
privilege to address the Senate. He (Mr. A)
would suggest that, as soon as the amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey shall have been dis-
posed of, the direct vote on the question, which it
seemed now so necessary to meet openly and frank-
ly, could be taken on the amendment proposed by
his honorable colleague, [Mr. Rives;] and that be-
ing disposed of, on any other amendments lo be
offered, and,finally on the resolutions themselves,
without any debate.
Mr. RIVES said he very cheerfully waived any
right of accompanying his resolutions with any re-
marks, in accordance with the suggestion of his
colleague.
Mr. WALKER thought, a; the Senator from
New Jersey had waived hi* ri ht to speak, and the
Senator from Virginia had done the same, there
could be no difficulty in the way of proceeding at
once to the vote, and the whole matter might bj
disposed of iri half an hour.
Mr. CALHOUN objected, that there was not,
at that late hour, a full attendance of Senators; and
it was extremely desirable' every Senator should
have an opportunity of recording his vote upon
such a momentous subject. He would, therefore,
suggest the propriety of agreeing, by general con-
sent, to take ihe vote at one o'clock to-morrow, and
let u be .understood that a full attendance will be
expected at 'hat hour.
Mr. SIMMONS did not understand the addi-
tional resolution on the subject of State credit,
which wa<> offered by the Senator from Maine, had
any bearing whatever on the question of the as-
sumption of the State debls. He thought it would
be very difficult to tr-ke silent votes on such incon-
gruous resolutions and amendment?; for if all were
adopted, they would make a string of contradic-
tions.
Mr. MERRICK should persist in hi^ notice, 'hat
if the discussion was to proceed, he should move
to wotow to lay the whole subject on the table.
He would do thi=, not to evade any question, but
simply to s.et forward with the public business.
At such a late period of Ihe session, it was insuf-
ferable that every possible question of agitation
which detracted the country should be got up to
the total «nnihilation of all ibe practical legislative
duties of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved an adjournment;
but gave way to
Mr. LINN, who submitted a resolution ahich
h« had intended to offer in the morning hour. Af-
ter which,
Mr. McDUFPIE observed that, yielding to the
very forcible reasons urged by the Senator from
Maryland, much as he desired to answer some of
the remarks of the Senator from Maine, he would
waive all right of reply, on the understanding that
the question on the amendments and resoluiions
would be taken to-morrow, at 1 o'clock, without
debate.
On motion of Mr. LINN,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tdesday, February 14,1843.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD of Maine presented a peti-
tion signed by certain widows of officers and sol-
diers of the revolutionary war, to wit: Jane Record,
Abigail Record, Miriam Hull, Margaret Tobin,
Hannah Lombard, Betsey Penfilly, Sarah French,
Sylva Conant, Lucy Bailey, Mary Stevens, Mar-
garet Cushman, Mary Needham, Rachel Field,
Anna Gold, Sarah Perkins, Mary Hubbard, Sarah
Smrtevant, Elizabeth Fletcher, Mary Holmes,
Mary Fuller, Jennet Washburn, Polly Soale,
Naomi Briggs, Mehitable Perkins, Anna Tucker,
and Sarah Gardner, residing in Buckfield and vi-
cinity, Oxford county, Maine, praying for an ex-
tension of the pension law of July 7, 1838; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union—a bill for that purpose being
now before that committee.
Mr. BOWNE presented the petition of Frede-
rick Juiiand and 29 other citizens of Greene, Che-
nango county, New York, praying that Congress
will promptly act upon and adopt the exchequer,
or plan of finance, as recommended by the Presi-
dent. *
Mr. McKEON presented the petition of inhabi-
tants of the city of New York, praying for a reduction
of the expenses of the National Government, the
abolition of the franking privilege, and a reduction
of the rates of postage.
Mr. J. T. MASON laid on the table additional
papers in relation to the claim of Jona. Shafer of
Washington county, Maryland: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JACK presented the petition of 117
citizens of Clearfield county, in Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route along the
Snow Shoe turnpike, in said county: referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
EXCHEQUER.
Mr. BARNARD rose and inquired if there was
a special order for to-morrow.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BARNARD then said that, without moving
any special order, he should ask the House to go
into committee on Thursday, with a view to take
up the exchequer bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing,] and the substitute
for that bill submitted by himself. He wished that
subject to have preference over all other business.
Mr. ARNOLD obtained the floor, and was about
to call up the special order, (bill No. 548;) when
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON wished to know
whether the special order overrode all other busi-
ncss, the morning hour included.
The SPEAKER said it did.
At the request pf several gentlemen, Mr. AR-
NOLD yielded the floor, with a view to the recep-
tion of reports from committees.
Mr. J. T. MASON presented a petition from the
State of Maryland, numerously sipped, asking for
the relief of Amos Kendall f/ota the fine imposed
on him by the circuit court of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. MALLORY, from the select committee on
the coast survey, made a teport.
Mr. ARNOLD presented a petition from the city
of New York, numeiously signed, praying a re-
duction of postages, and the passage of bill No.
548. [Licghtrr.]
Mr. GiDDlNGS, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report upon the claim of
John J, Bulow.
Mr. RANDALL of Maine, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of the
owners and crew of the schooner Blooming Youth;
a bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the'
schooner Dove, of Lippican; and a bill for the re-
lief of the owners and crew of the schooner Flo-
