i§4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
suming the payment of these bonds, is, lhat the
money was never received by the State, but by the
bank; for whose acts and debts the State is not lia-
ble, as the act under which it was organized is un-
constitutional and of no effect, so far as the liabili-
ty of the Siafe is concerned. As to having pocket-
ed the live millions, and starting back with horror
"when pay-day came, there is more poetry than
troth in it. The State has always been willing to
appropriate every dollar of the assets of the bank
to the payment of the bonds, except that poriion
■which has been paid to the bank by repudiation
under the bankrupt law, and thus passed out of the
control of the bank. He presumed the genileman
entertained no holy horror at thus destroying the
means ef the bank to pay these bonds, to the
amount of one or two millions of dollars.
• The gentleman stated further, that the bonds
•Were sold above par. This is not I he fact. They
■were sold under par, if £old and silver was to be
the standard, and on a credit; in both respects vio-
lating the unconstitutional supplement under which
they were issued. The bank sold her checks upon
this fund at a premium, it is true, in exchange for
her irredeemable depreciated paper. She first dis-
honored her paper, and then shaved the holders m
selling her checks; and this is called selling her
bonds above par.
He would detain the House no longer at prfsent;
yet he would, before tbe session closed, pay his re-
spects to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Granger,] as a teacher of morals to the Slate of
Mississippi, as it may be instructive to the people
of that State to know who ihe honor-and-dignity
party there had selected as thdr champion here.
Mr. GRANGER said, before he ptoceeded to
comment on -the remarks of the gentleman from
Mississippi, he would make a remark on another
subject. He then quoted from the published re-
ports of the debate between himself and the gentle-
man from Mississippi on a previous day.
Mr. G. then went on to say that he wished his
disclaimer to be broad. He considered tbe matter
as past. Unless his disclaimer had been made'
in good faiih, it would not have be^n made at all.
His rentalks were made after full advisement; and,
had his intention been to insult the gentleman,from
Mississippi, no disclaimer whatever would have
been offered.
Mr. GWIN wished to know whether he wns to
understand the gentleman as having said or im-
plied anything derogatory to him.
Mr. GRANGER, said he did not mean to attack
the chaiacisr of the gent'eman from Mrwi^ippi.
He wishfd Ihe House and the nation to pais upon
what had occurred betwren iliom.
Mr. GWiN said he wished tn know distinctly,
inasmuch as the gentleman had alluded to the sub-
ject, whether he attributed to him any conduct un-
becsming a member t>( the House of Representa-
tives and a gentleman.
Mr. GRANGES, said, no; he did not intend to
assail, in any manner, the conduct or motives  f
the gentleman from Mississippi. He further stated
lhat he felt it due to himself to s-. y that tha word
"brag," at the conclusion of bi-< prnie i tpeech,
"was not u=ed by him.
Mr. THOMPSON of is*ip,">i (M,-- Oramoer
yielding the floors) said he wishe.i to call the atten-
tion of tbe gentleman from New York to other
portions of his reported n tna-ks. That gentleman
stated that, in making ihe motion he did a few
days since, bis (Mr. T.V) objects wfre nvo-foM:
one Wits to get up a political excitement; the o'her
was to bring ir,to itisripute the cftd" of i-e United
Stales. Nov/ {ivlr. T. sfufl) he w.'r ir^nj a\'e of
acting ia his represer.'a'ive cap?,city wi'h any rpch
objects or motives. H-j vbole oom-e m thir
House was a refutation of the chvges; and to
make sucii n negations >>,*as doing him a manifest in-
justice.
Mr. GRANGER said he did sanpo<c that
the gentleman wished 10 get up a political dis-
cussion upon this subject, and he also supposed
that tbe genileman wished, by setting up such a dis-
cussion, to throw upon the majority in Coneress the
responsibility of having brought the credit of the
Government of ihe United States into disrepute.
Mr. THOMPSON rose and said that, in thus
supposing, he supposed what was false.
Mr. GRANGER. What did you say?
Mr. THOMPSON said that, tn supppsing him
to act wiih ihe imputed objects, he [Mr. Granger]
supposed what was false.
Mr, GRANGER resumed, and proceeded to vin-
dicate himself from the charge that he had un-
justly declared that, after receiving $5,000,000
upon bonds sold, the Slate '-f Mississippi had repu-
diated those very bondr. He had stated no more
than what he could prove. He had ststed that,
under the laws of Miss's-sippi, the Governor of that
State was authorized to sign a large amount of the
bonds of the Union Bank, and to subscribe to
$5,000 000 of the stock of that institution. The
Governor did sign the bonds, and did subscribe to
the stock of the bank. The bonds—to the amount
of $5,000,000—were sold, and the money paid,
and became the capital of the bank. The bonds
were sold for $5,080,000; being a premium of
$80,000.
Mr. GWIN rose to make a correction. The
bank issued j.ost notes, which were irredeemable,
and under par. It sold its checks on the Bank of
the United States for irredeemable paper, which
never was at par with gold and silver. The bonds
were sold under par, and payment received in irre-
deemable paper, contrary to law, and in violation
both of the charter of the bark, and of the supple-
mental charter, which was passed subsequently.
Mr. GRANGER resumed, and disclaimed the
idea of intending to speak disrespectfully of the
Governor of any State in the Union, He then
went into an examination of the condition and his-
tory of the Usion Bank of Mississippi—contending
that the supplemental charier, now so universally
condemned, was passed by 14 Whigs and 36 Dem-
ocrats. Its charter was signed bv the Governor;
and subsequently he signed $5,000,000 of bonds,
in accordanec with that charter. The bonds were
sold, and the mency received ir.to the Union Bank.
How did the authorities of Mississippi then treat
this insti'niion? They recognired it as a bank,
and declared that the dividends on the §5,000,000
should go towards internal improvement and edu-
cation. Subsequently, the Stale borrowed §75,000
of the bank, and then $95,000 more. It caused
certain lots in Jackson city to be sold, and received
in payment promissory notes, which it caused to be
discounted as mercantile paper at thi^ same Union
Rani'. Mr. G. read from the message of Gov.
McNult in 1841, in which the Governor treated of
the finances of the State, an;! the transactions with
the Union Bank. It would be perceive'!, by read-
ing Ihe message, that the Governor declared that he
had yielded to ihe public will m what he had
done.
Mr. GWIN said that Ihe Governor did not al-
lude to the sale of the bonds, when he said he hi-!
yielded to tbe public will, contrary io his own opin-
ions; but refenert to his having signed the char'ei
of the bank.
Mr, GRANGER resumed, and reiterated the po-
sitions which hs had previously aisnmed. IT 
cor.t"nded that the Governor had s'gi;ed the bonds,
and cjmplaincd that he h"d to bear the odium of
acts which he did not satict:on. H°. read a letter,
written in May, m which it was slated that the
gemlmnan from Missi.vMppi [.VTr. Gwin]—who w.-.s
to b? ihe bearer-—would explain Ihe causes of the
non navroen' of the b -pds, &e.
lVtr. GV:'ij.' mm! that ihe letter re'erred to by the
g- r.iieinan ws>s w>i'-<n by Judge foruer, of ih 
Supreme CjuU of Mississippi, H ■ (Mr. G.) Nd
never heaid of it i.i'U'1 it appopre-i in pr-r>t.
Th-' jn.'sr? wiotc 'o him a'ter tV pt'bi'cition, ask-
ing if Is-.- ("r. G.) lecoJiocte-l h.wirg carrird the
letter, and a'-n v heiher h? r-mcmhered having a
convci?aii"jj wiih him (Tc'c; T ) upon ihe sub-
ject; to which he replied, -ha- he lic-ilKcwd neither
the '-re n--r 'he o'ber.
iV-r. GR^HGSRsaid the letfer to ^hich he re-
ferred w« written t<> show that ihe Union Bank
never received but $5,000,000 on the bonds.
Mr. GWIN ssid the letu-r wos written after ihe
bond? were isstsed.
•Mr GRANGER said it was (rue; but tbe Gover-
nor signed the bonds.
Mr. GWIN. Nobody doubts that.
Mr. GRANGER resumed, and, after some far-
ther remarks, cpncluded by saying that, had the State
of Mississippi, yielding to the force of hard times,
asked the world for time to pay her obligations,
instead of repudiating them, her action would not
have had the disastrous effect on the credit of tbe
country which was now experienced.
Here Mr. ARNOLD rose and claimed the floor.
Mr. GWIN wished five minutes to explain.
Mr. ARNOLD declined yielding.
RETRENCHMENT.
. Mr. ARNOLD moved that the Committee of ihe
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of bill No 548, in
order that it might be acted on in the House at
once.
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that the adoption cf
this motion would preclude all opportunity for
amendment. He proposed to the gentleman to
withdraw bis motion and submit a resolution, that
the Committee of the Whole shall proceed at 3
o'clock this day to vote upon all amendments
offered, or that may be offered, to the bill.
Mr. ARNOLD accepted of the proposition.
The resolution for taking the bill out of commit-
tee at 3 o'clock to-day was then agreed to—ayes
92, noes 78.
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD tbe House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union, [Mr. Baiee;s in the chair.]
House bill No. 548, "A bill to reduce the com-
pensation to the members of the Senate, members
of the House of Representatives, and to the dele-
gates of the Territories, and repealing all the laws
on the subject," was taken up, and read through,
together with the amendments made thereto by the
Select Committee, to whom it had been referred at
the last session of Congress.
The bill having been read,
Mr. GWIN offered the following as a substitute
for the bill; which was read for information:
A BILL to retrench the expenditures of the Government of the
UnitedStatPs.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That, from and after the 30th day of June next, the pay and
emoluments of all offices existing on the 4th day of March, (in-
clusive.) 1825, under the Government of the United States,
whether civil, military, or naval, which have been increased
since that period, shall he reduced to the rate at which they
then were: Provided, That, in every case where the pay and
emoluments of any office have been reduced since the 4th day
ofMarch, 1825, this act shall not be so consttued as to change
such reduction.
Sec 2. Andbeit further enacted^ That, from and after the
30ih day of June next, the pay and emoluments of every office
under the Government of the I/nited States, whether civil, mili-
tary, or naval, created since the 4th ofMarch, 1825, shall be
reduced attheivue of twenty per centum.
Seu 3 And, be it further enacted, That no officer under
the Government of the United States shall be allowed any extra
compensation whatever.
Seo. 4 And be it further enacted, That, whenever the ses.
sion of Congress shall be protracted beyond five months, the
per diem pjy of the members thereof, thereafter, shall be at the
rate of four dollars.
M3C 5. And be it fuuher enacted, That all laws and parts
of laws inconsistent with this art be, and die same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. HUNT also offered she following as a sub-
stitute for the bill, which was read for informa-
tion :
Be 7t enacted by the Sena'e and House of Representatives
of th* United States of America in Congress assembled-.
That, instead of the ddiiy compensation now allowed by law,
theiP shall be paid, annually, to the Senators, Representatives,
and Delegoie* from Territories, of every futuie Congress of
the United Stales, the following sums, respectively, that is to
<?ay. Tn the President of the Senate pro tempore, when there
is no Vice President, and to the Speaker of ihe House of Rep.
resentatives, time thousand dollars e?tch; to each Senator,
(other than the President pio tempore, as aforesaid,) member
of the House of Repierentadves. (other than the Speaker,)
and Delegate. the sum of fifteen hundred dollars.
Pec. 2 And be it further e7iactedt That, in addition to the
pay provided *'>r in the first eec;ion of this act, each Senator,
at evi ly session of Confess, and every meeting of the Senate
m the recess of Congress, af:erthe 3d day of March, 1843, shall
bo allowed and paid four dollars A. r eveiy twenty miles Of es«
timated di&fance, hy thfi most usual road, from his place of resi-
dence to the seat of Congress, at the commencement and end of
eveiy such session ard meeting; and each Representative and
Delegate of every luture Congress shall be allowed and paid
four dollars for every twenty miles of estimated distance, by
the most usual road, from his place of residence to the seat of
Ongress, at the commencementand end of every such session;
«nd the sfoiosaid allowances shall be certified and paid, in the
same manner as the dally compensation and travel fees to
members of Congress have heretofore been.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts, on thesubjectof compensation to members of the Sen.
ate and of the House of Representatives, and Delegates ef TejN
