CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rltories, be,' and the same are hereby, repealed) from and after
the 3d day of March, 1S13.
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS asked leave to offer
an amendment.
Mr. CUSHING observed that there would be
time enough to offer amendments after the debate
had closed. All these amendments were consu-
ming the short time allowed for debate, and he
must object to any more of them.
The CHAIR then stated that the bill 'having
been referred to a select committee, and reported
back, with amendments, by that committee, the
regular order of proceeding would be, first to pass
oh the amendments of (he committee, and such
amendments as might be offered to ihem; and thea-
to consider such amendments as might be offered
by members of the House.
The amendments of the committee were then
read; and the question was put on the first amend-
ment proposed, substituting the 5th day of Decem-
ber next for the 1st day of November, [the time
the bill is to go into operation,] and decided in tiia
affirmative.
Mr. MOORE offered several amendments, which
were not heard;' but the Chair dccided them to be
out of-order.
Mr. CUSHING moved to strike out the first
section of the bill; but the Chair decided the
amendment not to be iu order.
•After a conversation on points of order by Mes rs.
CUSHING, MOORE, ARNOLD, BARNARD,
and the CHAIR, during which there was a good
deal of noise and confusion, and no practical
result,
Mr. CUSHING moved that the committee rise;
which motion was rejected—ayes 70, noes 73.
Mr. CUSHING then moved lhat the committee
rise and report the bill.
Mr. ARNOLD claimed the floor, and said he
would not yield it for any such motion. The gen-
tleman might go on and discuss ihe pending
amendment if he pleased.
Mr. CUSHING inquired of the Chair whether
in this amendment he might discuss the question
of the compensation of members of Congress
generally.
The CHAIR said it would not be in order to do
so.
Mr. CUSHING. Then I understand there is no
way of discussing the merits of this bill.
The question was then put on the next amend-
ment, whicji was to insert the word "mileage" in
the 90th line, so as to make the sentence read
"No Senator shall be allowed for mileage a sum
exceeding six dollars per day"—but no quorum
voting
The CHAIR made a count of the House, and
ascertained that a quorum was present.
Mr. HOLMES then offered an amendment to
the amendment, providing that no member of Con-
gress shall receive a greater sum for mileage than
his reasonable travelling expenses from the place
of his residence to the seat of Government, to-
gether with #8 per day for every day's travel.
The CHAIRMAN inquired where the amend-
ment of the gentleman fr< m South Carolina was
intended to come in.
Mr. HOLMES replied. Anywhere you may
think proper.
Mr. ARNOLD said if the amendment did not
apply, he should object.
Mr. HOLMES suggested that it should come in
alter the word "mileage."
Great confusion ensued, in the course of whkh
many gentlemen were on the floor speaking at
the same time. Ultimately the committee agreed
to rise, and the committee rose accordingly at
half past 1 o'clock, and rc-poited progress,
Mr. CUSHING then rose to a privileged qaes.
tion.
The SPEAKER inquired if it was of a personal
nature.
Mr. CUSHING replied that the Chair would
judge when he had made his motion; but he should
have the opportunity to appeal, if the Chair should
decide against him. He theft moved a recon-id-
eration of the vote ly which it was agreed to fix ci
three o'clock to terminate debate in committee of
the whole; arid on that he moved the previous
question, and called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
for the previous question; and there was a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CUSHING withdrew the call for ihe yeas
and nays, but it was renewed in another qt arter,
and they were ordered. The yeas and nays were
then taken, and the motion to reconsider was nega-
tived—yeas 89, nays 110, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Amngton, Atherton, Bidlack, Blaclc,
Botts, JBowne, Brewster, Charles Brown, Burke, William
Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patn&k C.
Caldwell, Cary, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A.
Cooper, Edward Cross, Cashing, Daniel, Richard D. Davis,
Doan, Doig, Eastman, Ferris, John G. Floyd, Gerry, Gilmer,
Wm. O. Goode, Gordon, Gustme, Gwm, Harris, Hastings,
Holmes, Hopkins, Howard, Ilubard, Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
"soil, William VV. Irwin, .John W. Jones, Keim, Littlefield,
Lowell, Robert McClellan, |McKeon, Mallory, Marchand, al-
fred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Medill, Mil-
. ler, Newhavd, Oliver, Osborne, Pickens, Plumer, Read,
•Rfrgers, Roosevelt, Saltonstall, Sanfoid, Shields, Sla.V, William
Smith, Sweney, Taliaferro, Jacob Thompson, TiOinshast,
Trotti, Van Buren, Ward, Westbrook, Joseph L White,
Winthrop, Wise, and Wooa--82.
NAYS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Arnold, Babcock,
Baker, Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Boardman, Bmgs, Aaron
V. Brown, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, John
Camp'oell, Wm. B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruth-
era, Casey, Chapman, John C, Clark, Cowen, Cranston, Cra.
vens, Crawford, Garrett Davis, Dean, Deberry, John Ed.
wards, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Fillmore, For-
nance, Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Patrick G. Goode, Graham,
Granger, Green, Hall, Halsted, Hay?, Henry, Ilouck, Houston,
Hudson, J. R. Insrersoll. James, Cave Johnson, Isaac D.
Jones, John P. Kennedy, King, Lewis, Linn, Abraham
McClellan, McKay, McKennan, Thomas F. Marshall, Mat-
tock?, Maxwell, Maynard., Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Morris, Morrov^Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge,
Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Ran-
dolph, Rayner, Renchor, Reynolds, Ridgway, Rodney, Wil-
liam Russell. Jan~.es M. Russell, Saunders, Sewell, Shepperd,
Truman Smith, Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, Alexander II. II.
Stuart, JohnT. Stuart, Summers, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull,
Turney, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Warren, Washington,
Welter, Edwatd D.. White, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Yorke, Augustus \oung, and John Youns—110.
Mr. MALLORY moved a call of the House.
Mr. ARNOLD was understood todepiecate that
motion as unnecessary, and as a dodging of the
question.
Mr. MALLORY said he never dodged anything;
he always sailed under an open flag.
Mr. ARNOLD. Then meet the question now.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will meet it now, and else-
where, too.
Ttie SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
Mr. MALLORY called for tellers on his call for
Ihe yeas and nays; and Messrs. Wellkr and
Boardman were appointed; and they reported a
majori'y in favor of the yeas and nays; which be-
ing taken, resulted thus—yeas 65, navs 130.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the Mouse resolve
i'self into a Committee of the Whole: agreed to.
The SPEAKER called Mr. Gilmer to the
chair.
Mr. GILMER asked to be excused. He could
not undertake to keep older in the pre.cat ,-tate of
ihe committee. Bet ides, he wished to cfliVr some
amendments himself.
Mr. Undkkwood was then called to the chair,
and the committee, immediately resumed the con-
sideration of bill No. 548. ,
Mr. ARNOLD claimed the fio?r.
Mr. HOLMES rose to a question of order, claim-
ing the floor upon an amendment which he offered
when the committee was last in session.
AOer some debate, in which Messrr, BRIGGS,
HOLMES, BOWNE,ARNOLD,and the CHAIR-
MAN participated, it was decidcd that Mr.
Holmes might proceed.
Th« amend ment offered by Mr H. provided that
no member of C.>ngr.--ss shell receive fi r miieape
a ^um stealer tlun his aeiual expenses in trav  1-
iii.g to and from the seat of Government, and
per diem during the time occupied m so travel;ini;.
The CHAIRMAN said (has a'tfcougfc the amer.o-
r.iMit would make the section read very a'.tit-
wirdly, he ruled it adiukf.ible, as germane to tne
sebj.fc:.
Mr. HOL'VSES said hs did rot c;re ma-, h
whether the biil was to be f assed in a sjmmetrie.al
form or not He went for tbs> reform of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold;] and the orl?
fauit wh ch he had to find with it was, that it did
cot reach the ultima thule. He was perfectly con-
vinced that the present was the time to cut down the
expenditures of this Government. If the opportu-
nity was now lost to make a deep incision, Con-
gress would never have it in their power again.
The expenses of Congress were now so large, that
he wondered the people continued to submit to
them. He would not speak of their per diem, but
to the exorbitant mileage. Whether the pay were
fixed at eight or at six dollars a day, it would al-
ways give Western members an adequate sum.
But this reduction would put others residing nearer
the seat of Government in an awkward predica-
ment. The main feature of a republican govern-
ment was equality. Now, he should not feel him-
self upon an equality with many members, did he
come here with as low a compensation as $6 a
day. He argued that members residing near
wero liab'e to expenses, in exercising the rites of
hospitality to their constituents, who frequently
visited Washington, whieh members at a distance
did not have to incur.
He also objected to the mileage now allowed,
because it practised a deception upon the people,
who supposed lhat members received only enough
to pay their expenses, and give them a decent sup-
port. According to the bill now before the com-
mittee, they were yet to receive $6 for every 20
miles travelled. Now, the railroad cars would
carry them 283 milts a day; which number; divided
by 20, and multiplied by 6, would give the
amount received for one day's travel in the cars—
§84. He was for cutting down the mileage of the
members.
As for cutting down the salaries of the cabinet
ministers residing in Washington, he thought it
unjust. Their present salary of #6,000, as many-
gentlemen on that or knew, was wholly inade-
quate. He did not thmk they should be sheared of
the little ability they now possessed to contribute
to the hospitalities of the metropolis, and render
our Government, through themselves, respectable
in the eyes of foreign ministers. The gentleman
who introduced the biil was estopped by the Con-
stitution from making it applicable to the President
and the judges. Was it not equally improper to
cut down the salaries of the cabinet ministers, who
bore a near relation to the President, and who
had to remain here, not a few months, but all the
year, and live independent <0f their business at
home? They could not, like members of Con-
cress, return to their farms, their merchandise, or
their professions; but were compelled to remain all
the year in an expensive town; therefore it was
lhat be thought it would be extremely unjast to
cut down their present salaries 20 per cent.
He begged the gentleman from Tennessee to as-
sent to his amendment and his suggestions, since he
would thereby, in case of the passage of the bill,
achieve a great triumph. The bill would cut off
about $2,000,000 from the expenses of the Govern-
ment. If the gentleman did not assent to his
amendnlentfor reducing the mileage—coming, as he
did, from a remote section of she Union, and there-
fore emitled to <!raw a bf;avy mileage—he would
subj-ict himself to the imputation of inconsistency.
He declared here, in his place, that ail the coun-
try demanded a retrenchment. What he protested
against was, the culling off a fe-v of the outer
branches of the tree. Unless it received an effect-
ual pruning, it would not be in proportion to the
root-i which supported it, and which were now
weal; i nd decayed. Gentlemen must either con-
ser.r to b: ina down ths tariff to a revenue standard,
or eke reduc? the expenditures of the Government
to the maasme of its reveiiu.'.
N 'W i:e observed, with great satisfaction, that
the Hsr.se received, yester^av, a commanicatiott
fi'um the President of the United S.ates, and had it
in.-tantl/ referred ro the Committee of Ways and
Means. He was ! > judge, from lh.it, that there
weioi reformers c.t boih side, of the House, willing
to tuka the stf!/g s toss cf the President, and to
look mt.< the present (/at-1 of the country, and see
whe hex its institutions can be preserved. He re-
joiced that the Commit'ee of Ways and Means
had shaken off frcm themselves that indolence of
responsibility which had hithe rto kspt them inac-
tive, and were now about to take this matter in
hand, and investigate it thoroughly. He hoped
they would soon recommend some practical me as-
