2B6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ure, and not suffer this Congress to adjourn without
bringing in a tariff sufficient to meet the expendi-
tures of the Government; and that they would
bring down those expenditures to a revenue tariff.
He hoped that they would, disregarding particular
or sectional interests—the interests of the hemp
grower or the cotton manufacturer—provide for
the economical expenditures of the Government,
by laying the burdens of taxation equally on all.
It was but six months ago that it was predicted by
the gentleman from Boston [Mr. Winthrop] that
the present tariff would produce a revenue of
twenty-six millions; and the result had proved that
the sacrifipe then made of the interests of the many
for the benefit of a few, had greatly aggravated
the financial embarrassments of the Government.
Mr. CUSHING observed that he should speak
to the limited question embraced in the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Souiij Carolina, [Mr.
Holmes,] He did not believe that any poriion of
the people of the United Stales called for a reduc-
tion of the compensation of members of Congress,
either in regard to their ptr diem or mileage; and !
he begged leave to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the remarkable fact, that they werfe at the
very close of the session, with the prospect that but i
a small minority of the present members of the
House would ever come back again. They were,
therefore, legislating for their successors, and not
for themselves; and reducing not their own
coft}peos3tioUj but that of those who were
to come after them. He utterly rejected the
idea that, in consideration of any existing straits
la the treasury, they should refuse adequate com-
pensation to members of Congress, seeing ihat thai
treasury belonged to a rich, powerful, and growing
people, both able and willing to pay thiir servants
a fair and just compensation for their services, He
denied that-the compensation at piesent paid was
too much. The Government of the United States
was administered upon the assumption that its offi.
cers should be paid for their services, and not suf-
fered, as in other Governments, to serve without
pay, and derive their compensation trom perqui-
sites, or other indirect means. If members of Con-
gress were not paid for their services, that hall
would be filled, as was the case wilh the British
House of Commbns^with an opulent aristocracy,
and those who were dependent on them. And if,
again, they were to receive an inadequate compen-
sation, the result would be the same, by compelling
those who were poor to retire, and leave the way
open to their richer competitors. It was a mis-
take, then, to suppose that the reduction of the
pay of members of Congress was a Democratic
measure. Oh the contrary, nothing could be more
opposed to the principles of Democracy; for it
would throw that House and its legislation into the
hands of an aristocracy.
Mr. BEESON said the few minutes remaining
would afford him time to define his main position
on the bill. It was this: The expenditures of the
Government must be brought within its means.
That was a fixed fact—quite as redoubtable as any
fixed fact which had of late been brought to their
notice. His dislike to a reduction of the pay of
good public servants (and such they certainly were
in the mass) was great; but his dislike to the run-
ning up any higher on the people our heavy public
debt and taxes was still greater. We are in great dis-
tress, public and private. By some kind of hoenspo-
cus, we have been brought 10 this condition without
the intervention of war, famine, {;• pestilence. Yes
we have been brought to the age ot ' iron money
and black broth," a . it was foretold we should be;
but not by the Democratic hard money policy, ,-.s
a Coon prophet, in 1840, fahely asserted. The
journals of this Congress would show what party
it was who, in the name of paper money and high ;
wages, go for no money and almost no wages;
who, on the question of resumption of Lay-
men t by the banfe of this District, decided,
substantially, that resumption here should de- i
pend on resumption nowhere. The record shows '
that an act o! Congress had made the resumption
of the District banks to depend on the resumption
of the banks of Baltimore and Richmond. The
Baltimore batiks resumed in their own good time,
but not in good time for the banks of this District.
No, indeed; they must be tinkered so as to make
resumption here dependent on resumption at Rich-
mond; which was in principle, he repeated, to make
resumption here depend on resumption nowhere.
This was but one step in that learned policy, which,
by expanding the currency in the ratio of ten nom-
inal dollars to one real dollar, and then contracting
it as much, had robbed the people of hundreds of
millions of property, and the Government of its
revenue, and brought back, with a vengeance, the
age of iron-money and black broth. Hear the
time expired.
The time having arrived for terminating debate,
the committee proceeded to act on the amend-
ments to the first section, which was in these
words:
Be it enacted by ike Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That, at every session of Congress, and eveiy meeting of the
Senate in the recess of Congress, after the [fifth day of Decem-
ber next] first day of November next, each Senator shall be
entitled to receive six dollars lor every day he shall attend the
Senate, arid shall also be allowed six dollars lor every twenty
miles of estimated distance by the most usual road from his
place of residence to the seat of Congress, at the commence-
ment and end of every such session and meeting; and m case
any member of the Senate shall be detained by sickness on his
journey to or from such session or meeting, or after his arrival,,
or shall be unable to attend the Senate, he shall be entitled to~
the same daily allowance. And the President of the Senate
pro tempore, when the Vice President shall be absent, or
when his office shall be vacant, shall, during the poriod of his
service, receive an addition to his compensation as a member of
the Senate, six dollars for evei y day he shall attend the Senate:
Provided, always, That no Senator shall he allowed for mile-
age a sum exceeding the rate of six dollars per day from the
end of one such session or meeting to the time of taking his seat
in another, except he shall have actntall] travelled the entire
distance for wkichsuch mileage is allowed: A.nd pr ovided.ako,
Thatit shall be the duty of such Senator, when be applies to the
President of the Senate for a check, or to have hia account cer-
tified, to state the number of days he has actually attended, and
also the number of days he has been absent, and whether said
absence was owing to sickness or otherwise; and unless such
member shall certify that he was absent by reason of sickness
.of lumselj or family, or by leave of the House, it shall be the
duty of the Prcs.dent to give him a check or ceitificate only for
the time he actually attended.
[Note.—;Parts to be stricken out as recommended by the Se-
lect Committee to which this bill was referred, are printed with-
in brackets, and insertions in italics.]
The first question was on the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
which is given above; on which tellers were or-
dered; and Messrs. Cave Johnson and Tilling-
hast were appointed; and they reported 98 in the
affirmative, and 64 m the negative.
The amendment to the amendment was, there-
fore, agreed to; and the amendment as amended
was agreed to.
Mr. MERIWETHER hoped the chairman
would call the House to order; for there was so
much confusion, that he could not hear what the
committee was doing. He hoped gentlemen would
be called upon to take their seats.
An amendment was moved—but by whom could
not be learned—to allow no Senator more than
$300 for mileage for any one session.
The amendment was agreed to; 102 voting in
the affirmative, and 68 in the negative.
Mr. WISE said that he had an amendment,
which he wished to come in as an additional pro-
viso.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, we cannot
hear a solitary word.' [Roars of laughter.] They
are laughing here like hyenas. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr, WISE repeated that he had an amendment
to come in, by way of proviso: Provided that,
besides his pay, no Senator shall be allowed—
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, this question is
not debatable. [Great laughter and confusion.] I
object, Mr. Chairman, to this debate. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. WISE. I am not debating it. I am dic-
tating my amendment to the Clerk.
Provided, further, That, besides his pay, no Sen-
ator shall be allowed [cries of "roast beet"] any
rations [cries of "whether was it beef cr not"] in
kind, other than beef—[hisses.]
Mr. ARNOLD. Oh, let him go on.
Mr. WISE m continuation—not roasted, [laugh-
ter,] and not to exceed a cost of §2. [Loud and
long continued roars of laughter,]
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, I have an
amendment to the amendment; it is as follows:
Except "the guard," who are to receive foreign j
missions after the 4th March next. [Roars of
laughter.]
. Mr. WISE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a questioa
of order. [Laughter.] .1 move a further amend-,
ment to except the Senate, where there is no mem
ber of the guard. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN decided all these amendments
to be out of order.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, order must be
restored, for we cannot hear a word. [Laughter.]
Gentlemen are designing—I charge, sir, that they
are designedly making a noise. [Renewed laugh-
ter, crie3 of "order," and the loud hum of voices.]
I hope, sir, the Chair will preserve order, or we
must stop. [Laughter in all parts of the House.]
The CHAIRMAN then announced the question
to be on the amendment recommended by the com-
mittee, as follows: "Provided, always, That no
Senator shall be allowed for mileage a sum exceed-
ing the rate of six dollars per day, from the end of
one such session or meeting to the time of his
taking his seat in another, except he shall have ac-
tually travelled the entire distance for which suc/i
mileage is allowed."
Mr. ARNOLD hoped that amendment would be
adopted, for it was a very good one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN then stated that the question
was on the amendment recommended by the com-
mittee to the proviso, which requires each Senator,
when he applies to the President of the Senate for
a check, or to have his account certified, to state
the number of days he bad actually attended; and
also the number of days he has been absent, and
whether said absence was owing to sickness, or
otherwise; and unless such member shall certify
that he was absent by reason of sickness of himself
or family, or by leave of the House, it shall be the
duty of the President to give him a check or cer-
tificate only for the time he actually attended.
[The amendment was the words printed in
italic.]
Mr. MOORE rose to move an amendment; but,
in the confused state of the House, his object was
not distinctly heard. It was understood, how-
ever, to be a motion to strike out that entire pro-
viso.
Mr. BRIGGS was heard addressing the Chair,
above the noise which prevailed, but not a word
was distinguishable at the reporter's desk.
Mr. EVERETT was understood to move to
strike out the words "of himself or family, or by
leave ef the House."
Here was a loud cry of "read the section as it
now stands amended."
The Clerk read it accordingly; and the strange
admixture of anomalous and contradictory matter
of which it was composed, elicited roars of laugh-
ter; especially that part which required a Senator
to certify that, when absent, his absence was by
reason of sickness of himself or family, or by leave
of the House; thus making his payment for days
on which he might be absent, in some cases, de-
pendent on his ability to show that he was absent
from the Senate by leave of the House of Represent-
atives.
The CHAIRMAN put the question on striking
out the words, "of himself or family, or by leave
of the House," and he decided that he believed the
motion-to be lost.
A division was called for.
Mr. ROOSEVELTsmggested an amendment, to
strike out the word "House," and insert "Senate."
[Loud cries of "No, no "]
The amendment was negatived; and the amend-
ment proposed by the committee was agreed to.
Mr. HASTINGS was understood to move to
strike out all the section, and insert a substitute
which he had prepared; and which provided that,
from the commencement of the present session of
Congress, and henceforth, each Senator should re-
ceive per ciem, and §4 for every twenty mile3
travelling, to be by the uiual route; and that, on.
taking ti e 1>a!h at the eommencenient of the ses-
sion, they should be sworn to restrain the franking
privilege to letters on such Senators' own business,
or the extension of liberty by the circulation of
documents, &c.; and providing further, that the
soldiers of the army and the sailors of the navy
