CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
shall have $1 a month added to their present pay
—[Cries of "Agreed"]—and that all laws or parts
of laws conflicting with this act should be thereby
repealed.
Mr. WISE asked for tellers on that amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. Does the Chair decide that
that is in order?
The CHAIRMAN said the latter, part certainly,
was not in order.
Mr. WISE. Oh! that's the best part of it.
Mr. ARNOLD said he understood it was not in
order to move to strike out all after the enacting
clause, until the bill had been gone through.
Mr. WISE said this amendment only proposed
to insert a substitute for a section, and not for the
entire bill.
Great confusion ensued, in the course of which it
was understood that Mr. MOORE moved to strike
out "six dollars as the per diem of Senators, and
insert $7," to make it correspond with other por-
tions of the bill.
The amendment was lost.
Mr. MOORE was then understood to wove to
strike out the last proviso. The motion was nega-
tives.
Mr. WISE moved to strike out the word "six"
wherever it occurred in that section, and insert
"four," thereby proposing to reduGe the per diem
to $4.
Tellers were called for, and ordered on this
amendment, and Messrs. Coles and Reynolds
were appointed; and they reported 56 in the affir-
mative, and 82 in the negative. The motion was
therefore negatived.
Mr. WELLER moved to strike out the word
"six," and insert "five," in the clause of the bill,
so as to make the pay of members of Congress Jive
dollars a day.
Pending this motion,
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the committee
rise: carried—ayes 88, noes 63.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
Mr. T. W, WILLIAMS offered a substitute for
bill No. 548; which wag ordered to be printed.
After ineffectual efforts on the part of various
members to get in resolutions and reports,
On motion of Mr. READ,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 15, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance wiih a resolution
of the Senate of the 7th ult., statements showing in
detail the price at present received by the railroad
companies for the transportation of the United States
mail, the amount paid them, the extent of service,
and the price formerly paid for the same service
by the old mode of conveyance; which, on motion
by Mr. MERRICK, was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Governor of Iowa, transmitting joint res-
olutions adopted by the Council and House of
Representatives of that Territory, in favor of an
appropriation by Congress for the purpose of hold-
ing treaties for the purchase of the lands of the Pot-
tawotamieand other'tribes of Indians; which, on
motion by Mr. LINN, were ordered to He on the
table.
Also, presented the credentials of William H.
Haywood, Jr. who has been elected by the Legis-
lature of North Carolina a Senator from that Slate
for six years from the 4th of March next; which
were read, and ordered to be placed on file.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the proceedings of a
public meeting of citizens of the county of Wash-
ington, Pennsylvania, in favor of the establish-
ment of a ma.il-route from the town of Washing-
ton, Pennsylvania, to Sieubenvilie, Ohio: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition from James
Wilson, porter to watch the public grounds at the
Capitol, (commonly called "posey watcher,'-) rep-
resenting that he is employed seventeen hours per
day, and praying Congress to allow him additional
compensation: referred to ths Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CONRAD presented a memorial from Reu-
ben Drake and R. G. Cluarles, proposing to Con-
gress to enter ints a contract with the Government
to reclaim public lands now useless to the Govern-
ment, for the consideration of a portion of the
lands which may be reclaimed: * referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands:.
( - Mr. BENTON presented a memorial, signed by
48 captains of steamboats navigating the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, representing that the toll now
exacted for going through tlje canal at Louisville,
on the Ohio river, is ruinous to trade, and such as
the commerce and business on the river could not
pay; and representing that there are evils in the
construction of the canal which unfit it for the
business which is new done on that river; and,
for the purpose of ridding the commerce of the
ruinous exactions imposed on it for passing through
this canal, and affording adequate facilities to the
increasing commerce, they pray that a canal
may be constructed by the Government, on the In-
diana side of the river, of sufficient capacity for the
passage of larger boats than those which now as-
cend the river.
Mr. B. proposed to refer the memorial to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WALKER remaiked, that the canal spoken
of in the memorial was not now adapted to the
commerce of the Ohio river, and to ihe boats which
run on the Western rivers; that it was of such
capacity as to prevent the construction of a cla?s
of boats which Were of large dimensions, and of
greater speed, and such as were called for by the
increasing commerce. If boats of a large class
attempted to pass, they were subjected to serious
injury by the rocks which were permitted to pro-
ject from the sides. A brat of which he was some
time since on board, in attempting to pass through,
was seriously injured. If the locks were consider-
ably enlarged, and the canal cut square down to
Ihe bottom, it might be made of sufficieut magni-
tude for all the boats which run there. There,
however, seemed no disposition on the part of the
company to do this, and to prevent the collection
of these onerous tolls. If those difficulties were
continued,he would go in for a sufficient grant of
the public land in Indiana to that State, on the con-
dition that she will construct a canal adequate for
the accommodation of the commerce on those
rivers.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he was much gratifi-
ed to hear of the introduction pf the petition by the
Senator from Missouri. There was no subject,
in connexion with the commerce on the Western
waters, of more interest than that of the removal
of the obstructions m the falls of the Ohio river.
He then made some remarks on the great interest
which the stockholders of that canal received on
their investment, which was about 18 per cent.
Commerce, he said, was obstructed to a very great
extent; the large class of boats were excluded en-
tirely from the upper river, owing to the utieven-
ness of this canal. It was almost impossible for
a single canal to answer the purposes of the in-
creasing ascending and descending commerce on
that river; therefore a canal on the other side of the
river was demanded. He could not hope lhat any-
thing would be done at the present session of Con-
gress, in regard to the subject; but he did hope that
the Western Senators and Western members would
urge this matter until ihe navigation of the Ohio
should be relieved from this obstruction, and com-
merce from the onerous burden which was im-
posed upon it by the exactions of the e-mai com-
pany. He believed lhat when the matter was ex-
amined by the committee, it would be found that
it wa*s practicable to construct to a canal on the
Indiana side of the Ohio, to remove thi obstructions
io the commerce there.
Mr. TAPPAN did not agree vn h the other Sen-
ators as to ti eir opinions of the boss mode of re-
moving the obstacles complained of. It was his
opinion that a canal ought not to be made. The
obstruction in that river, at Ihe falls, was a ridge of
soft limestone running across the navigation of the
river. The current would be as smooth above as
below, if the Government of the United Slates
would (as it ought to do) improve the navigation at
this point, by removing a considerable portion of
the ridge, which would do away with ihe necessity
of a canal on the Indiana side. When the matter
came up, he would urge an improvement of the
navigation at that point.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. LiNN presented a memorial from the Legis-
lature of Missouri, on the subject of improvement
of the great swamps in the southeast portion of
Missouri, and the northeast portion of Arkansas;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Also, presented a memorial of a committee ap-
pointed by citizens of St. Louis, asking Congress
to adopt measures for the occupation and settle-
ment of the Territory of Oregon; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, presented a petition of citizens of Frank-
lin county, Missouri, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Port William to Little
Piney, in Pulaski county, Missouri: refejred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petitiou
from Elizabeth Raymond, the widow of Joha
Raymond, an officer ef the army of the Revolution,
for a pension: refeired to the Committee on Pen-
sions. -
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensi ns,
to which were referred the petition of Samuel
Thomas for a pension, and the petition of Sarah
Williamson for a pension under the act of July 7,
1838, moved that the committee be discharged
from their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the War Department, wljjch was com-
petent to grant the prayers of the petitioners: agreed
to.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that they be indefinitely postponed, the bills
from the House for the relief of Prudence Crouch,
and for the relief of David Munn. The reports
accompanying were orde-ed to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report (which was ordered to be
printed) on the petition of William Morrow, pray-
ing to be indemnified for losses sustained by him
in consequence of the violation of his contract for
the performance of certain work at the Washing-
ton arsenal.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report (which was ordered to be print-
ed) on the petition of Charles Dehault Delassus, for
remuneration for money forcibly taken from him
for the public service at the capture of Baton
Rouge.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Madame De Lusser
and her legal representatives.
On motion by Mr. T., the previous orders were
postponed, and the bill was taken up and consider-
ed as in committee of the whole; and, there being
no motion to amend, it was reported to the Senate,,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned, the bill from the House for the relief of
James Mount; and,
On motion by Mr. W., the previous orders of
the day v/ere postpoued, and the above bill was
taken up as in committee of the whole, and indef-
initely postponed.
Mr. WILCOX, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported bac'r, whGut amendment, and
with a recommendation ibat it do pa.s, the bill
fmm the House for the payment of certain com-
panies of Michig-n militia. *
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the previous
order? of the day v/ere pos'po.ied, and the above
bill was taken up, as in committee of the whole-
ami, after a few remarks by Mr. KING, who con
tended that if the militia were entitled to pay, they
couid receive it under existing laws; and by Mr.
PORTER, showing the reason why they could not
rcceive pay without a special law; the bill was re-
