5m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Read, Reding, Rodney, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell,
James M. Russell, Saltonstail, Saunders, Seweil, Shepperd,
Shields, Truman Smith, Wm, Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Steen-
tod, Stokely, Stratum, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Sumter, Tal-
iaferro, Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Trotti, Trumbull*
Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Ward, Wfeller, Westbrnok, Jo.
eeph L. White, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, and
Yorke—145.
. So the House refused to adopt the amend-
ment.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
were then read through, (being the whole bill.)
Mr. McKENNAN suggested a verbal amend-
, meat. He moved to strike out the surplus words,
"by the usual route," in the clause relating to
mileage; since that clause now provided that the
. mileage should be eomputed according to the post
•routes.
Objection was made, and the motion was not en-
tertained.
Mr. TURNEY inquired what would be the
effect of rejecting the amendments of the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said it would throw the House
back upon the original bill before it was sent to
the Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were then concurred in, with-
out a division; and the bill, under the operation of
the previous question, was ordered to its sngross-
mem.
Mr. BRIGQS moved a reconsideration of the
vote ordering the bill to its engrossment. This
motion, under the operation of-the previous ques-
tion, was rejected.
The SPEAKER. When shall the bill have its
third reading?
Many members. "Now."
Mr. SMITH of Virginia objected to the third
reading of the bill at this time, and moved thai it
be printed, in order to enable members to see what
they were voting on.
Mr. FILLMORE expressed a strong desire to
have the bill now disposed of.
Objection being still made, on the ground that
the bill was not actually engrossed—
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that 12 o'clock to-
morrow be appointed for its third reading, and that
it be printed in the mean time.
Mr. BRIGQS moved a suspension of the rulee,
in order to have the bill put on its third reading at
this time.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked for the yeas and
Bays on the motion to suspend; but the House, by
a vote of 24 yeas to 133 nay?, (not one-fifth,) re-
fused to order them.
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Linn and W.
W. Irwin,) who repotted ayes 128, noes 54.
So the rules were suspended, with a view to put
the bill on its third reading at this time.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL rose to a question of
order. The House had suspended the rules so as
to allow the question to be put, whether the bill
should now be read the third time; but did not
decide that the bill should be read the third time.
The SPEAKER said the rule was suspended for
tbe purpose of reading the bill the third time ibis
day; that rule declaring that no bill shall be read
tbe third time on tlo same day that its engross-
ment is ordered.
The bill was then read the third time; and, under
tbe operation of the previous question, was passed—
yeas 166, nays 48, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews. Arnold, Ar-
rington, Atherton, Babcock, Baker, Beeson, Bidlack, Blair,
Boardman, Brewster, Brigga, Brockway, Bronson, Aaron V.
Btowd, MiitonBrown, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke,
William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Cald-
well, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell,
Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Childs, Chittenden, John
C. Clark, Clifford, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cravens,
Crawford, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Daw-
eon, Dean, Deberry, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Eg-
bert, Fiflmore, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Furnance,
A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings,
Gilmer, Goggin, P. G. Goode, Wm.O. Goode,Gordon, Graham,
Granger, Green, Gwin, Hall, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Henry,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, James
Trvin, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac D. Jones,
Keim, Andrew Kennedy, King, Lewis, Linn, Littltfleld,
Abraham McCleilan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKennan,
McKeon, Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Samson Maton,
John Thomson Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks, Maynard,
Medill,Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow,
Newhard, Oliver, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge,
Payne, Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Rayner, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Rodney, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Ruesell, James M. Rus-
Bell, Sanford, Saunders, Sewell, Shepperd, Shields, Slade,
Snyder, Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely, Stratt&n, John T.
Stuart, Summers, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson, Triplett,
Xrottl, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Van Rens-
selaer, Wallace, Warren, Washington, Weller, Westbrook,
Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Yorke, and Au-
gustus Young—166.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Aycrigg,
Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Black, Bolts, ftowne, William
Butler, John Campbell, Clinton, Colquitt, Cranston, Cross,
Everett, Ferris, Fessenden, Halsted, Howard, Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, John
P. Kennedy, Lane, Lowell, Thomas F. Marshall, Maxwell,
Miller, Pearce, Pickens, Alexander Randall, Randolph,
Saltonstall, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Tatiaferro, Richard
W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Ward, Watterson, Ed-
ward D. White, Joseph L. White, Winthrop, Wise, Wood,
and John Young—48.
Mr. MOORE moved tbe reconsideration of the
vote just taken on the passage of the. bill, and
moved the previous question on that motion.
The previous question having been seconded by
the House, the main question on the reconsideration
was put, and decided in the negative without a di-
vision-
Mr. FILLMORE moved to amend the title of
the bill, by inserting after the word "territories,"
the words "and other officers," which was agreed to.
Mr. McKENNAN moved to amend the tille as
amended, by substituting for it the words "A bill
to establish a uniform rule for computing the- mile-
age and per diem compensation of members of
Congress, and other cfficers of the Government:"
rejected without a count. The title as amended
was then agreed to.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN moved the reconsiders-
tion of the vcte adopting the title of tbe bill; and
called for (he previous question, which was second-
ed; and, under its operation, the motion was nega-
tived.
The House then adj.iurned.
IN SENATE.
Thorsday, February 16, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro Um. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, and one from the Navy Department, show-
ing the number, names and compensation of the
clerks employed in those departments, and bureaux
connected therewith, during the yfar 1842; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment transmitting additional information, under
a resolution of the last session, in connexion with
the New York commission for the investigation of
the affairs of the custom-housr- referred to the
Committee on Printing, to examine into the neces-
sity for printing it.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from the
Board of Trade of the city of Pittsburg, recom-
mending an appropriation for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital at or near that city. Mr. S. remarked
that the session was so far gone, that he presumed, if
the memorial was even referred to the appropriate
committee, there was no probability that they
would examine into the subject before the close of
the session. He therefore moved to lay it on the
table: agreed to.
Mr. S. also presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing held m Washington county, Pennsylvania, in
favor of the establishment of a mail route from
the town of Washington, in Pennsylvania, to
Steubenville, Ohio: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office'and Post Road.-..
Mr. WOODBRIDQE presented a memorial from
the Mayor and City Council of the city of Mon-
roe, Michigan, in favor of an appropriation for
completing the works for the impiovement of the
harbor at the mouth of the river Raisin; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, presented the pieamble and joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan, recommend-
ing appropriations for the improvement of harbor-!,
and protection of commerce on the lakes: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commtrce.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, it was
ordered that the pieamble, and resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, ptesented at the last ses-
sion of Congress, in favor of an appropriaiion for
the completion of the wotks in the harbor of St.
Joseph, Michigan, be taken from the files, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS, from the "Committee cn Finance,
rrported back, with an amendment, the bill making
appropriation for the naval tervice for the half-
calendar year beginning on the 1st of January,
1843, and ending on tbe 30th of June, 1843; and
for the fiscal year beginning on the l t of July,
1843, and ending on tbe 30th of June, 1844.
Mr. E. gave notice that he would, on to-morrow,
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the above bill.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred numerous memorials
and resolutions of the State Legislatures on the
subject of Congress passing a law to restore Mr.
Kendall to his personal liberty, reported a bill to
amend the laws relating to imprisonment for debt
in the District of Columbia; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WOODBRIDQE, from the Joint Committee
on the Library, to which the subject bad been re-
ferred by resolution of the Senate, reported a bill
to provide for the publication of the debates and
proceedings of Congrer-s, in connected series, and
to authorize one or more contracts for the pur-
pose; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
the bill from the House for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of Nathaniel Pryor, de-
ceased.
Also, made an adverse report on the petition of
the heirs of Joseph King, a paymaster in the revo-
lutionary war, praying for the settlement of his ac-
counts and an allowance of bounty land; which
wa« read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pension?,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
re<;jammeadation that it do pass, the bill from the
House entitled "An act to allow a pension to
Nancy Williams, widow of David Williams, who
was one of the captors of Major Andre."
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, trom the Committee
on the Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the joint resolution from the House relating
to patents for bounty land.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report (which was ordered to be prifited)
on the petition of Lewis Lambert, praying allow-
ance of interest on certain moneys paid by him for
public lands, the sales of which weie cancelled,
and th® moneys refunded.
On motion by Mr. S., the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of the General Assembly
of Indiana, prayiisg allowance of bounty land to
the rangers and militia in the service of the United
States daring the last war; and it was referred to
tbe Committee on Military Affairs. -
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back, with an amendment, House bill entitled "An
act for the relief of George May field," approved
July 27, 1842; then,
On motion by Mr. S., the above bill was taken
up, as in committee of the wholf; and its provisions
having been explained by him, and the amendment
agreed* to, the bill was reported back to the Senate,
read the third time, and finally passed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill explanatory of an act in relation to lands sold
in the Greensburg (late St. HtIfna) land district,
approved August 29, 1842; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. CONRAD, tbe previous
orders of the day were pos'poncd, and the above
bill was taken up, as in committee of .the whole;
and, there being no amendment offered, it was re-
ported to the Senaie, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third rending.
Mr. WILLIAMS was tmdersircd to inquire of
the chairman whether the object of the bill wa? to
take back the lands, and to give the purchasers their
money; if so, he wanted some explanation of its
proviiions.
Mr. SMITH replied that tbe bill involved ibe
same principles as v.-ere involved in the bill for the
relief of Clark Woodroof, which had passed. This
bill was explanaxry of ths act of last session,
which authorized a reiurn of the purchase money,
