234
Congressional globe.
proceeds of the public lands among the several States, accord-
ing t ■ the federal population, is hereby admitted and affirmed.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that it would not be
in order.
Mr. MILLER merely read it as a notification
that he would move it when in order, as an amend-
ment.
Mr. CONRAD moved a postponement of the
subject 10 Tuesday next.
Mr. WALKER, on this motion, moved an
amendment, that the postponement be till to-mor-
row instead of Tuesday.
The CHAIR explained that the vote would first
be on the postponement for the longer time.
Mr. WALKER conceived his motion, as an
amendment to the motion of the Senator from Lou-
isiana would have precedence.
Tke CHAIR decided not.
Mr. KING said the Chair was right. But he
would submit to the consideration of Senators,
that, inasmuch as the repeal of the bankrupt act
was a question to be discussed on Monday, and
there could be no doubt it would not be got through
in one, or, indeed, two day?, whether a postpone-
ment of these resolutions to Tuesday would not
virtually be the same as giving the question the
go-by, the same as if laid on the table. The sub-
ject involved questions on whifch every Senator
had made up his mind; for he could safely assert
that no one question of general policy had ever
received a more thorough discussion than that of
the distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
to the States; and there was nothing in the new
idea of an assumption of the Stale debts, or the
power of Congress in the matter, that could not be
fully considered in one night; so that gentlemen
could come to-morrow as well prepared to vote, as
they could on any day next week. If put over
till Tuesday, either Ihe resolutions or bill for the re-
peal of ihe bankrupt act will have to be laid onlhe
table; "whereas both subjects may be disposed of
by proceeding with the resolutions to-morrow, and
voting on them before Monday; leaving that day
free to proceed with the subject of the bankrupt
law.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was compelled to say a
word in consequence of the remarks of the Senator
•from Alabama, [Mr. King,] touching the sugges-
tions which he (Mr. W.) made as to the day proper
to which to postpone the resolutions under discus-
sion. When Monday was moved by the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] he (Mr. W.) mi?-
gested that Tuesday would be a better day. His
strongest objection to postponing the subject till
Monday, was, because the bankrupt bill had been
postponed to, and made the order for, that day;
on which day he hoped that bill would be taken
up, and proceeded in till final action. He was the
mora willing for that course, because the resolu-
tions now before the Senate, being more properly
morning-business, could be proceeded in duiing
the morning hour of each day. Monday being the
day proposed by the Senator from Louisiana to
which to postpone, he (Mr. W.) was compelled to
rejtct oae or the other of ihe subjects as the busi-
ness for that day; and it was in that alternative he
suggested to the Senator from Louisiana Tuesday.
Extremely anxious as he was to have a direct vote
and cxpress'on of opinion by the Senate on these
resolutions, which involved so many wrinus cmi-
siderations, yet he believed it was mere important
to the couniry that the act for ihe repeal of the
bankrupt law should be passed, than to have an
expression of opinion on these resolutions. It was
his desire that both questions should be voted upon
and disposed of; and, wilh that view, he would first
vote to postpone the resolutions till to-morrox*; and,
if not then, to the next daj; and, if the matter was
to be postponed till the next week, he should feel
it his duty to vote for Tuesday as the day for their
final disposition, that they might not interfere with
•the bankrupt act. If they were postponed till
Tuesday, Senators would come ihere with the un-
derstanding that they were to be finally disposed of
on that day. He had no doubt that it could be ac
isomplished.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that be was not
among those who believed that ihese resolutions
are mere abstractions. He held t'aem in a vsry
d ff*r nt light The subj ct iT>t?oh*ed was one of
the greatest magn.tude < ver presented 'o the con-
sideration of the Senate of the United States. It
was fraught with consequences, that no man who
anticipated the worst, anticipated half as bad as the
reality will be. As the question was presented,
in his opinion they were under the highest obliga-
tions to themselves, to the public credit, to the
States, to the country, and to the world, to have a
free and direct expression of the. opinion of the
Senate on the subject of these resolutions. Con-
sidering this, as he did, he held the repeal of the
bankrupt law—as obligatory as he felt that
to be on the Senate, both on account of its
unconstitutionality and inexpediency—as noth-
ing compared to an expression of an opinion
on these resolutions—absolutely nothing. If
it depended upon his vote to decide between
the two, he would not hesitate the hundredth
part of a moment. He would consider the time
well consumed, if they devoted every moment
of the remaining time of the session to the dis-
cussing of that subject, except what was necessary
to be devoted to the consideration of the appro-
priation bills; and even these should not stand in
lis way. But he did not deem it necessary to oc-
cupy so much time upon it; for there was scarcely
a single aspect of the question which was not
fully understood by the country. The only one
which had not been fully discussed, and public at-
tention strongly called to, was the proposition al-
luded to by the Senator from Maryland, of issuing
$200,000,000 of stock, founded on the public do-
mam, or its proceeds He rejoiced that that Sen-
ator had not expressed himself favorable to the
scheme, because it showed, even on his part, a
flinching.
Mr. MERRICK interrupted, and said he flinched
from nothing which duty required of him.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had not intended to
irritate the honorable Senator by making use
of the word; what he intended was, that he had
shown rather a hesitation about expressing him-
self in favor of the proposed scheme. He was
glad that the honorable Senator had done so. He
supposed he countenanced an opinion rather
against it.
Mr. MERRICK said he had made no specific
proposition. What he said was, that his State
claimed, as she had always clairacd, her share of
the public l ds; but he was not prepared to say in
what mode they should be distributed, but to leave
it to the wisdom of Congress to determine.
Mr. CALHOUN said he would pass that by.
That was the only aspect in which the question
was not thoroughly discusser1; but it was an aspec
which required fall and ample discussion—such dis-
cussion as, from the nature of the question, it ought
to receive. That was the only practical form iu
which it could be presented to the country; and if
there were any in the Senate who concurred in
that proposition—which, he must fay, was one preg-
nant with ihe greatest disasters, involving, as ii did,
the sovereignly of the States, the purity of
ihe Constitution, the permacency of the Federal
Union, and the happiness of ihe people,—he must
my that, if there was any Senator in favor of the
scheme, he hoped he would move a specific proposi-
tion; if not, ihit some one would presentitin a nega-
tive form, that a direct vole might be taken upon
ii. The two parties (those in favrr of yssumphon,
and those oppoied to it) stood in very different
positions. The postponement of action would be
on the siee of those in favor ef ademption;
for it would be ren'idered as a decision
against us. He claimed, as a matter of fair-
ness, (which, he was sure, gentlemen would
accord,) to give those who were opposed lo
assumption in any form aa express vale upon
i>, that the country might truly understand
what were the impressions of that body upon a
subject full of such momentous consequences.
They were now standing m the midst ot extraordi-
nary timet; the consequences of which would run
far beyond the days of the youngest amongs; them.
Deciric the question one way or the other. All tha1
he wished was, that an early day should be ap-
pointed for taking the vote upon the subject; tor
the longer it was put eff, the more improbable it
would be that they would get an expression of
opinion. And as the subject was not unfamiliar to
Senators, he hoped they would go on with it to-
morrow: that would afford ample time to investi-
gate and mature their judgments. With this view,
he concurred that the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Walker] had the right to make the motion
that it be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. CONRAD said he still retained his original
opinion,-that the subject ought to be postponed to
Tuesday. The experience of the Senator from
Alabama always, in his opinion, was entitled to
respect; and no doubt he was correct in stating that
questions involved in these resolutions had been
heretofore fully discassed, and gentlemen had
made up their minds on most of them. But it
must be admitted, that the power and policy of
assuming the debts of the States had not—at
least, since he and others had had a seat in that
body—been discussed. And it was not proper to be
called upon to vote en such questions, without time
being given to examine into the subject, and to come
to a justconclusion. This is a novel question—one
that has arisen in the public mind within the last
eighteen months. He concurred with the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] in viewing
it as a most important and moirientous.question; and
the more he viewed it in that light, the mere im-
pressed he was with the conviction that time should
be given for its deliberate consideration. Mr. C.
proceeded at considerable length to show why it
was necessary to make the postponement till
Tuesday.
Mr. HENDERSON ealled to the attention of the
Senate a f.ict, (which it seemed to him had been
overlooked,) that the first time the question of the
assumption of the debts of the States was publicly
mooted, was m the Senate in the session of 1839
and 1840, when a lengthy and elaborate discussion
arose on resolutions, which he read from the jour-
nal. These resolutions he considered as full and
declaratory on the part of Congress as any that
could be now adopted. They we re on the journal,
wilhout a dissenting vote on their passage; and,
not being rescinded, should stand as the opinion of
Congress till they were. Nothing new could be
effected by a restoration of the same declaration.
He gave a sketch, from his recollection, of the pro-
ceedings on their adoption. Until then, the idea
of the assumption of the State debts had not even
been broached in the newspapers. But they had
not the effect of extinguishing the idea. It was one
which had since spread widely through the coun-
try. If, then, the declaration of Congress failed to
have the effect anticipated, what effect could be ex-
pected from its restoration? He entirely agreed
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, who had sta-
ted his experience, that mere abstract resolutions
never effect anything. Yet, if these resolutions,
useless as they would be, and impeding as they
did, by their discussion, the business of the session,
were pressed to a vote, he should vote sis he did
on this occasion to which he had alluded; for his
opinions had undergone no change as to the want
of power in this Government to assume the debts
of 'he Siates.
Mr. WALKER said his colleague was greatly
mistaken in supposing that this question of assump-
tion originated in this Senate, or in this country,
No, sir, it is nf foreign birth; it is of British origin.
It crossed ihe Atlamic in 1839, in the form of an
authentic circular, from British bankers, calling
for that "ir.ore comprehensive guaranty" of the as-
sumption of the debts of the State' by this Gov-
ernment. The assumption was a British, and not
an American proposition; auo, ai; sach.it was en-
countered by the resolutions < f the Senate in 1839.
But this British proposition is now re-echoed on
this continpn*—it has ben solemnly introduced by
a cisticgi;i<-h:d member of Ihe other House at this
session—it appears, ia port, in Ihe resolutions now
befoif- us of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans,]
and t f the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick.]
The proposition we mu:t now meet, is that pro-
posed in ihe other House—'o distr.bote two hun-
dred millions of a s'ock debt of this Government
among the S ates, to enable them to pay their
debts. This s'ock is to bear ait annua! interest of
3 per cent., and professes to be based, in whole Of
