CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£9T
gress lo change she time of heading the United
Stale* court at Knoxville from the first Mondays
in May and November to the third Mondays of
April and October; which was referred to the Com
mittee oil the Judic:ary.
Mr. ANDREW KENNEDY, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill for the reli-f of Salimarsh aad Overton;
which was twice read, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ike Whole on tbe state of the Union.
MILITARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs-', reported a bill to divide the Uni-
ted States in'.o two military districts; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion by Mr. PENDLETON, the same
committee was discliargtd from the further consid-
eration of the resolution directing ihem to inquire
into tbe expediency of abolishing the office of Ma-
jor General of the army of the United Slates.
ST. AUGUSTINE. *
Mr. STANLY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
purchase a lot of ground in the town of St. Angus-
tine, Florida; which was read twice, and refeired.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Wolfenden; which was twice read, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
On motion by Mr. STANLY, the Committee cf
the Whole was discharged fiom the further consid-
eration of the bill; and it was read the third time,
and passed.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. ADAMS, Irom the Committee on Fonign
Relations, to which had been referred the bill from
the Senate for the adoption of measures for the oc-
cupation and settlement of the Oregon Territory,
and for extending the laws of the United States
over the same, together with the House bill on the
same subject, reported them without amendment,
with the rpoommendation that they do not pa^s.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the. Comm'tee on Rev-
olutionary Petitions, repor'ed the following bills;
which were read twice, and committed:
A bill allowing a pension to Ebtnczer Dewey.
A bill for the relief of John Rose.
A bill allowing a pension to Frederick Hopkins.
He also made several adverse reports on peti-
tions for an extension of ih* pension jaws.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee cn Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the lelief of John P.
Jjicbuyler; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. DOAN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adver e report upon the petition
of Richard B. Brumfie'd.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS, from a select com-
mitlee, reported a bill to provide for the purchase
of waler-ioited hemp for the use of the United
States navy; which wao road twice, and commilted.
He also submitted a joint resolution, authorizing
tbe Secretary of War to cau<e a survey to be made
of ceriain portions of Grand and Spring rivers;
which was read twice, and Cimm ttrd.
Mr. GORDON, from the C< mmittee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion ofHorace B. Abby.
Mr. WINTHBOP, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported the following thiee several
bills, which were iead twice and commitled:
A bill authorizing the establishment of ceriain
buoys, and sphdl.s, and fog bells,for 'he safety of
navigation.
A biil authoriz'ng t'<e election of certain light-
houses for the fi-cal year ending June 30, 1844,
and for other purposes. ,
A bill authorizing ihe survey and examination
of sites for light-houses and lieht-boat'.
Mr. AYCRIGG, from the Com mittee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports upon the petitions
of John Bull, jr., Simon Kenlou, John Dixon,
Christopher Lambert, John Owen, Empson Ham-
ilton, and Sarah Pratt.
Mr. THOMAS W. WILLIAMS, from the
Committee on Commerce, made an adverse report
upon ihe memorial of Charles H. Russell and
Charles Potter.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made a report upon the petition of
J. Eper Cowan, accompanied by a bill for the re-
lief of the lege! representatives of Antoine
"Wques and others; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, from the Committee on
Commerce, movsd that thf bill to establish a ware-
housing system be made the special order for to-
morrow, with the understanding that it be disposed
of during the day.
Mr. PICKENS said he h®ped no such agree-
ment would be made by the House.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY expressed bis intention
to move a suspension of the rules; but, after a few
words of conversation between him and the Speak-
er, the subject dropned.
Mr. A. RANDALL moved that the Committee
on Commerce be dii-charged from the consideration
of the petitions from inhabitants of the Sia'e of
Maine relative to the effects of foreign treaties,
and thai the same be committed to tbe Committee
of the Whole Home on the state of ihe Ur.ion.
The motion was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. BURKE, it was ordered
that Jes<e Roberts have leave to withdraw his pe-
tition and accompanying papeu from the files of
the House.
On the motion of Mr. STOIiELY, it was re-
solved that the Committee on the Militia be in-
structed to inquire and report what amendments
are necessary and proper to the laws of the United
States, lo insure the preservation cf the public
arms of the United States distributed to the militia
of the several States; and to report by bill or other-
wise
Mr. RENCHER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to (vhich was referred the hill
from the Senate entitled "An act for the relief of
Benjamin Murphy," reported the same, with an
amendment; and it was commilted lo the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
On the motion of Mr. ROOSEVELT, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform tins
House at what lime an answer may be expected to the resolu-
tmn adopted on the Cih day nf August last, calling upon him to
fnrmuh this House with copies of the qnaiterly accounts o( the
collectors, naval officers, and purveyor of the port of New
York, requued by (he act of Maich 3,1811, of moneys received
by them respectively for forfeitures, rents, compromises,
<tc.
Mr. W. SMITH submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That, in all future publications'of theArravand
Navy Register of the Uniicd States, there shall be affixed,
opposite the name ol each person published therein, m separate
columns', the annual payol such officer orpetson, the amount
paid him for rations, servants, and forage, and the gross amount
paid or allowed him mall respects for and on his account, and
for and iluiing ihe year preceding t uch publication.
The resolution was adopted.
U. S. StlUADRONS ON FOREIGN SERVICE.
Mr. BURNELL submi^d the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he hereby
if, directed to report to this House, at the next session of Con-
gies?, a statement of the several vessels composing the squad-
rons of the United States for thelaist six years, together with the
names of the commanders of such pquarirons, and the name of
the officer commanding each vessel oi every squadron. Also,
the foreign ports which each vessel h. s enteied dining the Umf
of her remaining on her station, or while proceeding to it, and
the tunc which she remained m each of said ports; and where
the public service has been a cau«*e of unusual d'tenuon, that
he state the same; and, a'so, •,vhcih',r, n> !,'•< opinion, any such
vessels have remained unnecessary long in foreign ports;
whether the attention of the commander of any squadion has,
m all such cases, been called theieto; what such cases have
been, and what proceedings have been instituted m relat'on to
them: and that hereafter the Secietaiy of the ISavy leport to
thn House annually, at the commencement of each ses&ion of
Congiess, a statement, as above, applicable to the current
>ear.
Mr. WISE objected to the recept on of the reso-
lution.
Mr. BUR NELL said, if h-; could have the op-
portunity to explain, he thought the House would
ad< pt the resolution. It caHed upon ihe Seereiaiy
of the Navy to report, at the next sc-sion of Con-
giess, on a subject upon which the country bad
been held m almost toial ignorance.
Mr. WISE called the gentleman to order—the
resolution not being debatable, as it had been ob-
jected to.
Mr. BURNELL continued to explain. He said
he was calling for information a year hence.
Mr. WISE called the gentleman to order.
Mr. BURNELL said ha was only following the
example of tbe gentleman from Virginia himself.
Mr. WISE demanded when he had set him the
example?
The two gentlemen sat down, making mutual
explana'ions, and the subject went over.
Mr. BURNELL, however, rose again in a short
time, and moved a suspension of the rules for the
reception of that resolution.
The question was taken, and the motion nega-
tived.
THE SOMERS CASE.
Mr. SNYDER submitted the following res-
olution:
ResoHeU, That the Committee on the Jlldiciai-y inquire
whether Samuel R. Betta, district judge of the United States
for the southern district of New York, reluaed to entertain a
complaint of murder, alleged to have been committed on the
high seas, upon the around that he had other business of a civil
nature to occupy his time; and to report to this House the
piojier proceedings to be taken on the oecasion.
Mr. SNYDER sent up to the Clerk's table the
following communication of Judge Betts, to be
read to the House:
"Application is renewed before me this evening,
on the affidavit of Margaret E. Cromwell, for a war-
rant to arrest Commander Mackenzie and Lieutenant
Gansevoort, for illegal homicide, committed by
ihem on board the United States brig-of-war
Somers, on the high seas, on the 1st day of De-
cember last, in putting to death Philip Spencer,
Samuel Cromwell, and E-iisha Smalt.
"Without scanning the allegations upon which
process is demanded on this second application, or
at all entering into the inquiry as to the forum
properly having cognizance of the charges; and
supposing that no question was involved as to the
competency of the civil courts to take jurisdiction
of the matter, or of the fitness of their so doing, I
do not feel that Ihe complaint is one that I ought
to enterlain and investigate under existing circum-
stances.
"By the act of September 94, 1789. section 33,
Conjress authorized a justice or judge of the
courts of the United States, or any judge or justice
of the peace of the State, to cau-e any person ac-
cused of an offence agams>t the laws of the United
States to be arretted, committed, or bailed, as the
case might tequire.
"The act of Congress of 23 i August, 1841, ex-
tended the like authority to com misstoners appointed
by the circuit court.
"There are a large number of officers resident in
this city and Kings county, who have equal au-
thority to institute and entertain these proceedings
with the judges of ihe United Slates courts.
"The judicial business of the district courts of
this district, including the administration of the
bankrupt act, is, by various acts of Congress, as-
signed to the district judges exclusively. It is no-
torious that these ministerial duties absorb the en-
tire time of the district judge of this district, and
that he has not been sbie, since ihe 1st of February
last, to devote any portion of his time out of court
to cases of criminal complaints, every one of
which has necessarily been first brought before and
parsed upon by some other of the above author-
ized officers. Nor has he been able to sit with the
circuit judge in court during that period, except in
a few eases requiring indispensably the presence
of bosh judges.
"It is most manifest, from ihe detail? given in the
affidavit of Mrs. Cromwell, that if the civil magis-
trate takes cognizance of this complaint, he must
necessarily go into a particular examination of all
the facts arid circumstances attendant upon the
homicide, to ascertain whether it be a case for com-
rnitmeni; and if so. whether bail can be allowed, and
under what terms.
"Tbe affidavit slates that the naval court of in-
quiry has been employed from day to day in exam-
ining witnesses in relation to this matter, from the
30th day of December last to this day: and, al-
though some greater despatch might probably be
attained before %civil magistrate, in the mere ex-
amination of witnesses; yet, as the prosecutrix has
employed private counsel, and prays to be heard
by them; and ?.s, doubtless, in case of any pro-
ceeding, counsel will be allowed the accused,—the
