298
CONGRESSIONAL OtOBE.'
adman
disposition of questions of evidence, and other
poinis incident to like examinations, may reasona-
bly be expected to consume an amount of time
equivalent to what can be saved by the greater ex-
pedition of a single magistrate in taking proofs.
"This would accordingly compel me to suspend
the business now pressing upon the court for a pe-
riod of two or three weeks, and devote that length
of time to the hearing of these charges.
"It was, no doubt, a motive of weight with Con-
gress, in conferring power on so many officers to
take preliminary examinations on criminal charges,
to leave the judges of ihe United Slates courts
free to devote themselves to other duties exclusive-
ly allotted to them.
"Under these circumstances, I return the papers
submitted me to the prosecutrix.
(Signed) "SAftl'L R. BETT8  
"New York,
Thursday evening, Jan. 19, 1843."
Mr. SNYDER desired also to have read the let-
ter of Mr. Benjamin F. Butler; but objection was
made. He moved a suspension of the rules.
The motion to suspend the rules was rejected—
ayes 30, noes not counted.
The following is the letter referred to:
TRIAL OF COMMANDER MACKENZIE,
Fourth Day—February 4.
Before the court-martial resumed its proceedings this morn*
ing, Benjamin F. Butler, esq , had a lengthy conversation with
the judge advocate, and afterwards seated himself at one of the
side-tables, prepared to take notes of the proceedings
AH the membeis of the court were present at 11 o'clock,
with the exception of Captain Smith, who is seiiously indis-
posed.
The judge advocate informed the court that he had received a
communication front a distinguished member of the New York
bar; and, as it contained nothing improper, he would lay it be-
fore the court.
The court was then cleared for upwards of an hour. After
our readmission, the judge advocate road the following docu-
ment:
"The undersigned beg to state that they have been employed
by the relatives of acting midshipman Philip Spencer, (one of
the persons for the murder of whom Commander Mackenzie is
on trial,) to attend this trial, and take part therein as counsel, if
permitted by the court. The undersigned, therefore, most re-
spectfully request that they may he permitted, as such counsel,
to be present; to examine and cross-examine the witnesses pio-
dnced, by propounding such questions as may he approved by
the court; and to offer, from time to time, such suggestions m
relation to the proceedings, and to present such comments on
the testimony when concluded, (subject to the like approbation
of the court,) as they may deem neceasaiy.
"The undersigned respectfully ofler their opinion, that the
court possesses full power to do so; and that the nature of the
investigation to be had, and the interest naturally and justly telt
therein by those for whom they appear, render it proper that
the same should be granted by the court
"IJENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
"CHARLES O'CONNOR.
"New York, February-1, 18-13 "
The Judge Advocate: lam oideied to read the following de-
cision:
"The court ia of opinion that the above communication be
placed on the record, and decide that the application contained
in it be not granted."
The President: The couU stands adjourned till Monday at U
o'clock %
The court accordingly adjourned.
MINT AT DAHLONEGA.
Mr. M. A. COOPER, asked the favor of the
House to take up ami pass the bill which he had
introduced, entitled "A bill explanatory of the act
establishing a branch mint at Dahlonrga, Georgia,
and regulating and defining the duties of assayer
and coiner of said mint."
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL stated that the director
of the Philadelphia mint wrote to him some time
yince, expressing great solicitude about this bill,
and desiring to know its provision;.. He (Mr. I.)
enclosed the director a copy of the bill, but had
not yet heard from him on the subj ct. He sug-
gested that it would be better to watt for fuither in-
formation before the passage of ihe bill was urged.
Mr. M. A. COOPER taid no one would have
any objection to tbU bill. Its object was merely to
define the duties of assayer and coiner, which are
now assigned by the diiector of the mint.
The bill was then read a third tia:e, and passed.
OCE&COKE MARINE HOSPITAL.
On motion cf Mr. WASHINGTON, the bill
in relation to the marine hospital st Ocraccke,
N. C., (reappropriating $10,000 to that institution,)
was taken up. *
No objection having been made, the bill wss
ordered to be engrossed, and then read a third
time and passed.
ELECTIONS 10 THE NEXT CONGRESS.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL said he would make an-
o'lier attempt to have his bill (No. 649) taken up—
to suspend the operation, for two)ear?, of the second
section of tbe act of 1842, apportioning the repre-
sentatives to Congress among the several States.
[The effect of this bill, will be to repeal the clause
by which the States are directed to elect members
from single districts in every Siate.]
Mr. FILLMORE objected to having any special
day set apart for any bill like this, when so many
appropriation bills remained undisposed cf. If,
however, this bill was to be taken up, he wished
another bill, (651,) "regulating the manner of ta-
king testimony m contested elections," to be acted
on at the seme time.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from ihe further consider-
ation of the bill which he had referred to.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to discharge the com-
mittee from the second named bill above mentioned,
The motions were severally put and carried.
PRECEDENCE OF BUSINESS.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY having obtained the floor—
Mr. PICKENS rose to a question of order. He
wished to know whether the subject (reciprocity
treaties) assigned as a special order for yesterday,
was entitled to come up and have precedence to-day.
TheSPEAKERsaid it would;having been called
up by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ken-
nedy] just before the adjournment.
Mr. WISE said it was called up, but no action'
taken on it by the House.
Mr. PICKENS, regarding this as an important
point, wished to have it decided. When so many
important bills remained undecided—the army bill,
the civil and diplomatic bill, the exchequer bill—
he wished to see if it wa^the will of the House to
pat them aside, for measures of a partial interest.
It often happened that dajs were set apart for the
transaction of Territorial and District business,
which was no', taken up; yet no one claimed that
it should go over from day to day, and have pre-
cedence.
The SPEAKER said, that to assign a day to
Terntorial or District business generally, was dif-
ferent from assigning a day to the cAsideration of
a particular bill. Should the House specify the
the bilK which were to he acted on, whenever it as-
signed a day for Territorial or District business, such
bills would, of course, have precedence from day
to day, until disposed of; but such was not the
practice of the House.
Mr. PICKENS said he did not understand the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Kenned?] as call-
ing up his jnint resolution.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Mary-
land did call it up, as the journal showed.
The vote was then taken upon the appeal of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens]
from the decision of the Speaker, and the judgment
wes sustained.
On motion of Mr. W. O. BUTLER, the Com-
mittee of the Whole were discharged, from the
consideration of the bill to amend the act respect-
ing the organization of the army, and for other
purposes.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tilling-
hast in the chair,) and took up the following joint,
resolution:
JOINT rf.i-rOLfjTION coiieenmig the leimination of certain
c .mmercial treaties.
Hpxa'ppfl !>'j ih°. Senate avd ITnvse of Representative# of
tJm United States of America ni Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, re-
quester!, whenever he shall doom it compatible with the public
interest, to make known to the Governments 01'Denmark, Swe-
den, the Han-'eatic republic?, Prussia, Austria, and Russia, in
r.-mioimisy with the stipulations ot the existing commercial
treaties between said Governments and the United States, the
desire and intention ol this Government to termmatesuch com-
motcia! treaties now m force between said Governments and
the United States op have contacted to allow the parties there-
to to import on equal terms, as regards duties on merchand'se
and tonnage, each into the ports of'the other, goods, wares, and
merchandise other than those of the growth, pioduce, or
manufacture of the nation in whose vessels the same are
borne.
Sec. 2, And be it further resolved, That,w all future ne-
gotiations which may be opened with the aforesaid Govern'
nients, or with any other, it is the policy of the United States
to confine the privilege of reciprocal importation, on equal
terms as to goods and shipping, to goods, wares, ard merchan*
dise the product of the countries from whence, and in whose
ships, they are imported, or the product of such contiguous
countries thereto as usually carry on their foreign commerce
through the ports of ifae same.
Mr. KENNEDY addressed ths committee at
length, explaining the object of the resolution, and
reviewing our commercial treaties generally.
Mr. McKEON next addressed the committee on
the subject of the bill; but he expressed his appre-
hension that there was scarcely time to effect
much good legislation thereon at the present ses-
sion. He then went at length into the broad
question.
Mr. CUSH1NG followed in advocacy of the
resolution.
Mr. TRIPLET! next took part in the discus-
sion, and submitted an addition as an amendment,
to protect the commerce of the United States, as the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. J. P. Kennedy,]
by his resolution, which was then under considera-
tion, only propesed to protect the navigating inter-
ests; and he pioceeded to explain snd advocate his
amendment. He admitted that he considered it
too late to effect much at this advanced period of
the session; and that he had mainly risen, therefore,
to call attention to the subject; and he hoped his
amendment would be printed, that it might be con-
sidered preparatory to future legislation.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the committee to report
these resolutions to the House, that they might ba
brought under its control and disposed of to-day.
Mr. BREWSTER appealed to his colleague to
to allow him to make some remarks in committee;
and he appealed to him more particularly on the
ground that he did not often trouble the House,
and would not now, were it not that he considered
this a subject of particular importance.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had simply risen to
make an appeal to the House; and with that he con-
sidered he had discharged his duty. He begged to re-
mind gentlemen that most of the appropriation bills
remained to be acted upon—and appropriation bills
of a most important character, including one re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in
relation to the boundary treaty, and other bills of
great interest to the country; amongst which there
was the bill in relation to the warehousing system,
while there Were but 13 working days of the session
remaining. It was indispensable, therefore, that
this subject should be disposed of to day.
Mr. BREWSTER said it was very seldom that
he troubled the House; but he must ask the privi-
lege of doing so now. He then proceeded to dis-
cuss the general principles involved in the resolu-
tions, illustrating his positions by numerous refer-
ences, and treating the subject in an elaborate and
argumentative manner.
After Mr. Brewster.had concluded his re-
marks,
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
rise, in order that he might make a motion to dis-
charge it from the further consideration of the
subject. It was apparent to all, that this resolu-
tion could not be passed, or sufficiently discussed,
at this late period of the session; and that it de-
layed the action of the House on objects of indis-
pensable necessity. Mr. F., however, withdrew
his motion at the request of
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut, who, after a
few remark*, renewed the motion, ar.d the com-
mittee rose and reported progress,
Mr. KENNEDY moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further considera-
tion of the resolution; which was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered a resolution direct-
ing the Secre'ary of the Treasury to make a re-
port to Congress, at the next session, on the sub-
ject of the inspection laws of the State of Louisi-
ana.
After the reading and reference of several com-
munications from the Executive Departments, the
following bills were twice read and referred:
The bill relating 'o the appointment of Assist-
ant Postmasters General.
The joint resolution for the distribution of the
Compendium of the Sixth Census; and
The joint resolution for the transfer of the stock
