CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
held by the United States in the Chesapeake ami
Ohio Canal Ctmipanv to the Stale oC Maryland, and
the cities of Washington, Georgetown, and Al-
exandria, on certain conditions.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 17, 1843.
Mr. Cpthjert, Senator from Georgia, appeared
in his seat to-day.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the proceedings of a
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, in reference to the bill which came to this
body from the House of Representatives, proposing
a reduction of the number of officers and others
employed in the custom-house of New York city.
Mr. W. remarked that this meeting of the Cham-
ber of Commerce was held on the 14th instant.
They unanimously adopted a report at that meet-
ing, a copy of which he now presented. It em-
bodied, in an extended form, the views of the
merchants of that city as to the wants of commerce
and business there, according te their experience.
He was exceedingly desirous that the statements in
this report should be read by Senators before the
bill should be acted upon; and, wuh that view, he
proposed to make the motion that it be printed; and
he hoped the Senate would indulge him by giving
their unanimous consent for that purpose, to do
away with the necessity for the reference of the
morion to the Commi.tee on Priming; and, as
another inducement for that course, he remarked
that the Committee on Commerce, who had unan-
imously reported favorably to the passage of the
bill, (at a meeting of the committee at which he
was not present,) had since instructed their chair-
man to move the recommitment of the bi.l to that
committee.
The memorial was then ordered (o he printed,
and referred to the Committee on Conynerce.
Mr. W. also presented a statement of the busi-
ness of the port of New York by a comparison of
the years 1826, 1827, and 1828, with the years
1839, 1840, and 1841. The statement (said Mr.
W.) contained information valuable to the Senate,
■while acting on this bill. He therefore moved
that it be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said be had bem directed
by the Committee on Commerce to ask the Senate
to recommit the bill to reduce the number and
compensation of the officers and others employed
in the port of New York; and, with thnt view, on
his motion the above bill was taken up and re-
committed,
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill to continue m
force an act therein mentioned, relating to the port
of Baltimore.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the pre-
vious orders of the day were postponed, and tie
above bill was taken up as in conimi!tee of the
whole; and no amendment being propostd, it was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. H. also reported back from the same com-
mittee, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pai«s, House bill entitled "An
act to reduce the salary of the surveyor of the port
of Camden, New Jersey."
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from
BucknerThruston, representative of Ch^rlesWynn
Thruston, deceased, an officer in the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed commutation pa>: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from
sundry cittzens of Delaware, urging upon Con-
gress the passage of a law authorizing the issue of
$200,000,000 of stock, based on the public domain,
to be divided among the States and Territories in
a representative ratio, l\ir their relief; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Several adverse reports of standing1 committees
on private claims were taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they do pass, House bills for
the rrlief of L',m?.n N C<>i;!', ar.d f< r the tchtf of
Sfli-rr.i.n B.neiton.
Mr. S. also, from the same commitiee, reported
back, with an amendment, the bill for the relief of
Jeremiah Kimball.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that they ibe indefinitely postponed, the fol-
lowing bills from the House, viz: '
The bill for the relief of Jane McGuire, widow
of Major Thomas McGuire;
The bill for the relief of Mary Elder; and
The bill for the relief of Patrick Masterton.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, (accompanied
by special reports, which were ordered lo be print,
ed) the following bills from the House, viz:
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Harris.
The bill for the relief of Leah Tenure; and
The bill for the relief of Henry Freeman.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Ashael
Brainard; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading, accompanied by a special report, which
was ordered lo be printed.
On motion by Mr. PHELP3, the Committee
on Pensions was disclarged from the memorial of
the widow of Richard Zanizinger; and it was refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation (hat it do pass, the bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Gresham, widow of George Gresham.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that they be indefinitely postponed, house
bill for the relief of George Hommell, and (he bill
granting a pension to Joseph Watson.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill for the re-
lief of Elizabeth Powers.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Groands, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill to fix the compensation of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Several bill? from the House were read twice,
and referred to appropriate committees.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate took
up, as m committee of the whole, the bill from the
House for the relief of Thomas King of Ten-
nessee.
The bill was opposed by Mr. KING, on the
ground that, if the individual was entitled to an
invalid pension, he could, on application at the de-
partment, procure it under the general law.
Mr. SEVIER explained why it was he could
not receive a pension under the general law, ot
which, he contended that, in justice, he was en-
titled.
There being no amendment proposed to the
bill, it was reported to the Senate, ordered lo a
third reading, was read a third time and passed—
ayes 15, noes 13.
Oil motion bv Mr. BARROW, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the Senate took up and
considered, as in committee of the whole, the bill
for the relief of Nancy Hambright, widow of
Captain John Hambright, deceased; and there be-
ing no amendment offered, it was reported to ike
Senate, read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the bill to allow a
pension io Esther Augur, (which the Commitiee
on Pensions thought there was no necessity for
the pas-sage of, believing the pension could be
obtained by application at the department) was
taken op and laid on the table; and leave was
granted to the petitioner to withdraw from the
files of the Senate her potion and papers, with
the view of presenting them at tfce department.
Mr. MILLER moved to postpone the previous
orders, with a view of taking up the bill to incor-
porate the ^Georgetown College, in the District of
Columbia.
Messrs. YOUNG and PHELPS opposed the ta-
king of bills out of their proper place on the calen-
der, and giving them precedence over private
claims which had bpen so long pending.
Mr. MILLER pointed out the necessity of for-
warding action on this bill, so as to secure the ac-
tion of the other House on it.
The question was put; and the Senate refused to
take the bill up.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the bill for the
relief of Samuel D. Rose and others was taken up
as in committee of the whole; and there being no
propesition to amend, it was reported to the Sen-
ate, read the third time, according to order, and
THE QUESTION OF ASSUMPTION.
Mr. RIVES called up his resolutions (inserted in
yesterday's paper) on the subject of the assumption
of State debts, and declaring the opinion of the
Senate that Congress can never assume ihose debts,
in any form, without a violation of the Con.
stitution, and committing a gross act of inexpedi-
ency.
Mr. HUNTINGTON inquired whether those
resolutions took precedence of the business on the
calendar after the morning hour?
The CHAIR was understood to say that they
did not.
Mr. RIVES remarked, that, in the discussion of
yesterday, it was understood that the reso'utions
postponed till to day would be the business in or-
der for this day. That was the understanding on
yesterday.
Mr. KING was understood to say that, from the
action of the Senate on yesterday, those resolutions
were not to be considered the business of the morn-
ing hour, but the business of the day, from the hour
of one o'clock.
Mr. RIVES, inasmach as the Chair had made
a decision against the understanding of yesterday,
moved to postpone all the previous orders, for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of those
resolutions.
The Senate was then divided on the motion to
take up the resolutions; and the Chair, on making
a count, said the motion was not carried.
Mr. RIVES called for a division.
The Senate was again divided on a count; and
the Chair announced that there were 20 in the af-
firmative, and 
Mr. ALLEN here called for the yeas and nays.
Messrs. CRITTENDEN and HUNTINGTON
simultaneously interposed, and asked the Chair
if it was in order to make a call for the yeas and
nays after the Chair had decided that the motion
was lost.
The CHAIR said he had not so decided; he had
not announced the vote, and it was in order to de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 22, nays 22, as follows:
„ Y.EAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan.
Calhoun, Cothbeit, Pulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Rives!
Sevier, gmith of Connecticut, Sturcreon, Tappan, Walker,
Wilcox, Wilhama, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22
NAYS—-Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayaid, Berrien, Clayton,
Conrad, (..raft?, Ciiitenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Hender-
son, Hurmngton, Mangum. Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps
Smith of Indiana, Spu<rue, Tallmadge, and WoodbrWge—22,
So the motion to proceed to the consideration of
these resolutions was decided in the negative.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
The bill to indemnify Maj. Gen. Andrew Jack-
son for damages sustained in the discharge of his
official duty, came up in order as in committee of
the whole, on the ameodment of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. LINN said, the very best argument he
cculd offer against the introduction of the proposed
amendment, and m favor of the original bill
would be found in the report made by the com-
mittee i-f the House of Representatives to which
this subject had been referred. It was recommend-
ed, in that report, that the money should be
granted to General Jacfoon in consideration of his
distinguished military services, and the gratitude
due io him for his successful defer.ee of New Or-
leans.
If it wss to be put upon the ground of a re-
wa;d for his military services, it was evidently
inadequate. No one could question the patriot-
ism, the valor, an" the distinguished nature of the
military services of Major General Andrew Jack-
son, as displayed throughout the whole coarse of
