Mo
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the late war, and particularly at the closing scenes
of that war. If, therefore, the act of restoration of
the sum of $1,000 was to be taken to be in con-
sideration of the distinguished military services of
General Jackson in the defence of the country, it
would be perceived at once that 110 friend of the
General could vote for the bill, nor could General
Jackson himself accept the money upon any such
terms.
The bill introduced by him (Mr. L.) at the last ses-
sion, as well as at this, was plain and simple, re.
quiring the proper accounting officer of the Treasu-
ty Department to ascertain the amount awarded
against General Jackson at New Orleans, for an
official act done by him, and to repay that amount,
with interest accruing upon it; and in the remarks
which he had made at the time of the introduction
of the bill, he bad placed the matter on the same
ground upon which other cases of a similar nature
had been placed, where penalties had been awarded
by the civil courts against officers for acts commit-
ted in the discharge of their official duties. He
had adduced various parallel cases, one of which
occurred as late as the year 1823, vshen a military
officer (Colonel Purd?) was induced to arrest per-
sons suspected of disaffection, even in time of peace,
without any such strong necessity to justify the act
as existed in the case of General Jackson, and was
amerced in damages. The matter was referred to
Congress; and the committee to which it was re-
ferred, without hesitation, reported in favor of re-
funding the money; although the incarceration of
the individuals (which was the offence complained
of) was committed during a time of peace, and
without the strong and urgent necessity under
which General Jackson acted; and it was deter-
mined, by the committee and by Congress, that ibe
money ought to be refunded, because they believed
the officsr had acted in the faithful discharge of his
duty, and that it was his z^al in the service of his
country which lay at the bottom of the act; that it
proceeded from patriotism, and from that alone.
He believed there was no case in which the Con-
gress of the United Siates, being convinced that
the act proceeded from patriotic motives, and was
done in good faith, and urder a sense of duly, had
refused to restore a sum of money which had been
taken from an officer in the shape of damages.
This bill was strikingly analogous to the one in
favor of Matthew Lyon, which had passed ibis
body. In that case, a line which had been im-
posed upon him by a district judge of the Uni'ed
States, was, after the lapse of forty years, restored
to his heirs, upon the groutid that he acted with
good intentions; and the question whether the judge
who imposed the fine acted right or wrong, was not
agitated. The money was refunded, because the
Senate of the United States thought it had been ta-
ken from him improperly; but there was not, as in
this case, (where the judge acled in his own case,
and acled as both judge and jury,) a word said
about injury to the character of the judge by re-
funding the money.
Why should the case of General Jackson be
made an exception? Why should he not have the
same justice rendered to him, as had been rendered
to all olher officers in the service of this Govern-
ment? They would recollect Ihe cases of General
Brown and General Wilkinson, hen ihe decisions
of the courts rested upon the violation of the State
laws, as well as the laws of the United S.ales.
These cases were analogous to the present. He
referred also to a case which occurred during the
late war, where six individuals had been arrested
upon suspicion of treachery, anc suit was after-
wards brought against the officer who ordered the
arrest, and he was amerced in the vum of §9,000.
And the Congress of the United States, after a de-
liberate examination of all the circumstances of
the case, required ihe money to be refunded.
But it seemed that General Jackson's ease was
to be madean exception lo that rule which had been
so universally acted upon in all other cases; that il
was to be made an exception upon political grounds;
or perhaps gentlemen might indulge ia an act of
revenge upon the aged and the absent—like the ab-
sent statue of Brutus from the ancient noble group;
and he would say, that tbs absence of action in this
case, would render ihe case more remarkable.
He had hoped that the vote would have been
taken upon the bill without discussion, as had
been done in the case of Matthew Lyon. It
seemed to be otherwise ordained, however; and he
would proceed to make a few remarks upon the
subject. In all such cases as the one they were
now considering, the law was necessarily silent.
Necessity had no law. The question was, whe her
this was a case of that description; and upon this
point there seemed lo be no difference of opinion in
the minds of those who were not biassed by strong
party feelings. They all agreed that his conduct
was justified by stern necessity; that he acted, at
all events, upon motives of the purest patriotism.
The President of the United States, as well as
Congress, at that lime, was aware of every step
taken by General Jackson. The President had it in
charge to see the laws of the country faithfully
executed. Did the conduct of General Jackson, on
that occasion, meet with any rebuke from
President Madison? If his conduct bad beeu
an outrage or a violation of the laws, why did
not the authorities take the necessary steps to ar-
rest his course] No, sir, there was scarcely a dis-
senting voice throughout ihis bror.d latid, from the
opinion that he bad acted correctly; and the only
question that could come up now, was, whether he
carried his measures beyond the point wh'ch ne-
cessity absolutely required. In no point of view
in which you can examine ihe subject, could his con-
duct be regarded in a more exalted light than that
which exhibited him continuing his vigilance until
there was not even the appearance of danger remain-
ing. But this was a point about which gentlemen
would differ. In one of his official reports, made in
January, 1815, Gen. Jackson fold the Administra-
tion that, notwithstanding ihe enemy had disap-
peared from the coast, yet he would continue the
same measures for the security of the country
which he had heretofore had m operation. Ther«
had not been quoted by gentlemen who had enter-
ed into this contest, eiiher in Congress, or through
the newspapers, anything to controvert the truth
of the declaration, wherein General Jackson an-
nounced to the wcrld that he would con'inue,
until evpry shadow of danger had disappeared,
to use the most vigilant measures for the protection
ofthecountry. Was not this determination right?
Was it not prudent? Was it not commendable?
The rumor of peace, which arrived through the
British fleet, was near disorganizing his army.
This was the reason, and the sole reason, why
General Jackson thought it necessarv to rdax no
effort, no exertion, lor the safety of the place. But
to revert to the position that necessity has no law,
(Mr. L. said,) he would point out to Senators the
instance where, under the o'd articles of Confeder-
ation, the Slates violated the Constitution by rais-
ing an army in time of peace. It was justified
alone oil the ground of necessity. And for fear
that his mere assertion would not be sufficient,
(Mr. L. said,) he would, with permission of the
Senate, read from the25 h num.berof the Fedeialist.
[He here read the passage referred to.] Tne
charier of the Bank of ihe United Sta'es had,
on various occasion1, been jusiified exclusively on
the ground of necessity. It was inferred that the
power to create such a charter, if it did nut ex-
ist m the Constitution, at all events ought to exist;
and it was, theref< re, argued to be lawful, on the
ground of necessity. The invasion of our ter-
ritory, theburnirg of the Carolire, and ihe mur-
der of Durfee, were defended, on the ground of the
necessity of Iheca-e on the part of Great Britain.
Will, sir, (continued Mr. L.,) the present Pres-
ident of the United States, in refusing to sign the
bills for a United States bank, which Congress
presented to him, condemned by many per-
sons for rot yielding i# his constitutional scruples;
and with the permission of the Senate, I will read
a few remarks in this connexion, frcm a speech
delivered in this chamber, on that occasion, by a
very distinguished Senator from Kentucky, long
celebra'ed for his unsurpassed eloquence. [Mr.
L. here read extracts from the speech of Mr.
Clay, to which he referred.]
Sir, you must well recollect ihe .thrilling effect
produced by the Senator I have quoted when he
said, in his own emphatic manner, "1 am not brave
enough to throw myself down in the way of the
prosperity of my country." All recollect, sir, that
that Senator clearly intimated that if the President
had constitutional objections to signing the bank bill,
he should have permitted the bill to become a law,
notwithstanding those objections. Mr. L. referred
to many oth'.-r instances in point, showing that the
party which now opposed this bill on constitution-
al grounds, had uniformly waived such scruples
when other officers in the public service were to be
relieved from the consequences of assuming arbitra-
ry power over civil rights, in the conscientious dis-
charge of their official duty.
Why, he asked, was Genera! Jackson to be
mads a solitary exception to this general rule?
Why was he alone less worthy of a fair, just, and
impartial consideration, than others whose services
were less ifiomentou3 to the country? Why was
this bill alone to be denominated "a bill for the
relief of Major General Andrew Jackson?" Who
asked for "relief" for General Jackson? Not him-
self—not one of his friends. It was an indemnity
for damages which he sustained in the perform-
ance of a military duty, which saved the country
from an invading enemy. The original bill, as he
■ (Mr. L ) had introduced it last sear, and this ses-
sioa, studiously kept clear of any reference to
Judge Hall. It might have been passed without a
word of debate. It" was not by its friends that any
allusion or unnecessary introduction of Judge
Hall's- conduct had been brought up. They had
been forced into the question of its propriety; but
they were, and still are, satisfied to have the bill
in a form so simple as to make no mentioa what-
ever of the Judge. All they want is to do an act
of even-handed justice towards General Jackson,
such as had always been extended to other officers
in the public service, under similar circumstances.
Mr. MILLER addressed the Senate for about an
hour in opposition to the bill, whether amended or
not He'conte nded that there was no necessity for
it, growing out of the case itself intrinsically, be-
cause, on the ground taken by the friends of the
original bill, no proof had been produced, or could
be produced, that ihe fine was eiiher illegally or
unconstitutionally imposed ; and, on the ground
taken by the amendment, it would be entirely an
inadequate remuneration for Gen. Jackson's mili-
tary services at New Orleans.
Mr. M. then pr'ceeded to sta'.e the circum-
stances under which the fine had been imposed,
with a view of showing that it was for a contempt
of conrt, in resisting the authority of the writ
of habeas corpus, and sus-psnding the civil func-
tions of the law, by an unconstitutional and arbi-
trary exercise of mili'ary power. He contended
that General Jackson himself claimed Ihe restora-
tion of this fine, on the bold and open grounds that
the judgment of the court was iniquitous and un-
lawful. He referred to his letter of the 1st of Au-
gust, 1842, addressed to Jacob Gibson, in proof of
this; and contended that, if the friends of General
Jackson could not now show that the course taken
by Judge Hal! was iniquitous and unlawful, the
claim must fall to the ground. That they could nke
do this, was the position he assumed; and insuppoot
of the assumption, he referred to ihe history of thrt
constitution, of martial law,(which he considered in-
definable, unless by negation,) and to the history
of the writ of habeas corpus, from the act defining
its powers in the reign of Charles II. dawn to the
present day.
He maintained that it was not either justice or
generosity; for,.ai to the one, the law had been the
offended p vty; and as to the other, the sum was too
ins gnificant, that stirred up this question after a re-
pose of cight-and-twenty years. It was, he con-
tended, a mere movement at a cri'ical time,
to make political capital out of the sym-
[aihiej of a grateful people, for a meritorious
military cffi:er whose glory was even yet
thought capable of lighting his successor to the
PresideHey once more lo the seat from which he
had descended. This he ttiought could pccount
for the excitement got up at Stale Legislatures, in-
ducing them tc instruct their Senators and Repre-
senta'ivc-s in Congress t~j -idvoca'e this bill. It
could account for ihe petitions poured into Con.-
gtess day after day on the subject, and for the
