CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
noise made about it abroad among the people. He
denied (bat it was any fclain on General Jackscm's
fair fame, lhat the record of this fine ihould be pre-
served. On the contrary, he contended that it was
one of (he brightest ornaments in-the page &f his
history, that be had bowed to the supremacy of
the law and the Constitution, and paid this fine
in atonement for the wound he had inflictcd on
both.
If it had been either a pecuniary grievance, or
a blot upon the escutcheon of his name, why did
his friends, while to long in power—why did the
the Congresses fresh in tha recollection of the
transaction—why did the Van Buren administra-
tion, keen to catch at anything to do justice to,
or gtatify, the military chiefiam who appointed
the saccession—tiegltct the duty which now has
sprung up so suddenly, and appears so urgem?
Why let this act of duty sleep for a quarter of a
century? It was because they had no conviction
that it was necessary, either in support of General
Jackson's character, or of their own continuation
in power. Bat new there was a necessity to catch
at everything calculated to have a bearing on the
presidential election of 1844. It was for this that.it
was now proposed ts take back the hero of New
Orleans to the scene of his military glory, with all
Congress at his heels, and sanction, by an official
act of natienal legislation, an outrage on the Con-
stitution and the laws of the country—and that, too,
over the grave ot Dominic Hall, who had faith-
fully discharged his dutier, acd left the only monu-
ment the country had to appeal to of an inde-
pendent ju lge braving an aibitrary power sttcli as
he had to contend with. He should vote against
the bill in any form.
Mr. McROBERTS sai! he was somewhat stir-
prised that this question should be considered in
any way connected wiih politics; anil that the State
Legislatures were pouting in iastiuctiom-, wiih a
view to control the votes of Senators in relation to
this subject, for political purposes.
They had been asked, Why the necosity for
acting upon it-now? What n<-w motive had
prompted the tneatu e? He would tell the Senate.
It was because it must be acted upon st an eai ly
period, if it was to be done m the lifetime of the
distinguished man who wa> the subject of it. It Was
for the purpose of letting him see and read upon
the statute-book of this country that the fine had
been restored to him, that its passage was asked for
dow. v
But why was it that so much excitement had
sprung up in the country within the last six mouths
upon this subject? Why was it the Legislaturfs of
the States had interfered? It was because of your
refusal at the last ie.'sion of Congress to render this
act of justice; to re.-tore the fine which had been
unjustly imposed, and which this nation, he would
venture to assert, would, at no distant day, restore.
And he would say further, that, if Senators wonkl
but do that which it was obligatory upon them- to
do, the act would be passed this very day. He re-
joiced to find that they had now a new view of the
subject. They had not only an avowal that the
act of General Jackson was an outrage, but they
had the avowal fiom the gentleman on the other
side, that the money should never be returned,
either with or without the declaration that it was
considered an outrage by the Senate; for he was
always glad to see a man come out boldly and de-
clare bis opinions: and the gentleman from New
Jersey had done so on this occasion. He declared
himself against the restoiation of the fine on any
term?; and lhat he was against it because of his
great reverence for the Constitution, and his anx-
iety that it should be preserved unimpaired. This
might be very good reasoning to satisfy the honor-
able gentleman; but what were they to infer from
all this? That General Jackson was to be regard-
ed as being adverse to the preservation of the Con-
stitution? Had he no patiiotism? Had be no
love for the institutions of his country? What
other man UviDg had shown himself so staunch a
friend to both? Had he not periled everything in
defence of thos^ insti'iuticms ami of that countiy?
No other patriot living had evtr performed such
signal acts of patriotism, and exhibited himself so
true a friend to the Constitution under which we |
live.
Thpy were told that, if they restored this money,
it would amount to a damning reflection upon the
character of Judge Hall. How, he would ask,
could the character of the Judge ha involved m the
deci-ion of the Senate upon this ques'ion? He had
called General Jackson before him, and imposed
the fine: the fine was paid; and, by its payment, the
offence was atoned for. Was it not? The man-
date of the court had been obeyed. Where, then,
was there cause of complaint? No; it was not
this. The reputation of Judge Hall was not im-
plicated; there was some other reason by which
gentlemen were actuated. As for tfee alleged con-
tempt of court, he wotvld say a few words upon
that point. What was meant by a contempt of
cour ? It would be recollected that a judge of a
di tiict couit had betii impeached before this body
some years ago, for acting in his own cise, (and,
by-the-waj, though he was not cashiered, he nar-
rowly escaped—there being mere than twen
ty votfs in favor of his condemnation,) and
the subject having b=en in this way brought
to the attention of the Senate, a law was passed de-
claring what the law should lie in jefereuce to con-
tempt; and the principles of itie common iaw upon
that subject were embodied in the act. What was
considered a contempt of coun? It was some act
done in the presence of the court—some act winch
rtflecied directly upon the coutt Si a eourt. Was
it pretended that such was the case here? Judf:e
Hail himself admitted that nocouJtwai, held from
the time martial law was declared until the aimy
was disbanded It could have been, therefoie, no
contempt of court; and if it were held that Judge
Hall conld punish fur a mete contempt of his per-
son, he must be permitted to say it was a new doc-
trine. No such caie had ever orcuircd. He
would challenge acy man to produce an adjudica-
ted ca.-e oi the kind. General Jack on might, he
would admit, have been prosecuted m a civil ac-
tion; but he could not be punished for a contempt
of court.
Mr. McR. then referred to the record of the
couit, to show that no contempt ef couit had ever
been alleged by Judge Hall himself. He was at
a loss to know how it could be contended that a
military commandant was not the absolute master
of his camp. True, there was nothing expressed
in the Coastitution or the laws in regard to this
matter. But the very power to declare war, it
seemed to him, canied with it necessarily the
power of the General to command his own camp;
and the General must be himself the judge as to
the limits of his camp.
Suppose 3 utlge Hall had gone into the camp, and
commenced arresting his soldiers why, a propo-
sition involving consequences like these would
make the matter too ridicidous for argument. Mr.
McR. then alluded to the case of Matthew Ljon,
who had done some act for which he was fined
$1,000, and imprisoned for six rnon h-; and Con-
gress afterwards restored the money to his heu<,
without any allegation oi leflection on the charac-
ter of the judge who imposed the fine. Nor was
that the only parallel case; there were the cases of
Hampton, Pardy, Wilkinson, and Brown; in ail
of which the juries had siven iuavy damages.
And the money had been re.-torcd, without any re-
flection upon the characier of the judges or the
juries. These men acted as mnch in violation of
law as General Jackson did; and some of them
aciwd far more severely, for they put the men
whom they urrested m irons; whereas General
Jackson had nieiely ordered the Judge out of tis
encampment—and very properb; and for this he
was fined $1,000; and, in point of principle, there
could be no difference whether the money was
paid into the treasury of the United States, or
whether it went into the pecket of die prosecutor.
And a as it possible that,while the Government had,
in all other cases, restored the money uncondition-
ally, when they came to the ease of Andrew Jack-
son be could obtain the restoiation of his
money only by taking an in;uh? Thank God,
(said Mr. McR.) he will not accept it upon such
terms.
One word more. Judge Hall was present when
martial law was declared; and what did he do upon
that occasion? He exclaimed, "Now the country
will be saved; without this, it would be lost." He
approved the act—nay, even couns lied it. He
desired that the bill should pass the-Senate, and
the money be restored unconditionally; but, unless
it could be passed as offered, and without amend-
ment, he would be compelled again to vote against
it, because he would not consent to convey an in-
sult to the venerated hero, which the amendment
contemplated. And he would venture to predict
that, if it were refused at this session, it would not
be at the Ides of March in another session lhat it
would be passed, but at the earliest moment of the
assembling of Congress.
Mr. LINN, after a short explanation between
him and the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Mil-
ler] as to his allusion to "political objects" in
bringing forward this bill, (which Mr. L. utterly
repelled,) referred to the following extract from
Mr. Jefferson's letter to John B. Colvin, esq., as
a justification of the principles on which General
Jackson acted at New Orleans; it was in relation
to General Wilkinson's case:
Extract of a Utter from Mr. Jejferson to John B. Cotvin,
Esquire.
"To proceed to the conspiracy of Burr, and particularly to
General Wilkinson's situation in New Orleans. Ill judging
this case, we are bound to consider the state of the information,
correct and incorrect, which lie then possessed. He expected
Burr and his band from above, a British fleet from below, and
he knew there was a formidable conspiracy within the city.
Under these circumstances, was he justifiable, 1st. In.seizing
notorious conspirators. On this there can be but two opinions:
one, of the guilty and their accomplices; the other, that of ali
honest men. 2d. Sending them to the seat of government,
when the written law gave them a right to trial m the Tern*
toryi The danger of their rescue; of continuing the machina^
tions; the tardiness and weakness of the law; apathy of the
j udges; active patronage of the whole tribe of lawyers; unknown
dispositions oi the juries; an hourly expectation of the enemy j
salvation of the city, and of the Union itself which would have
been convulsed to its centre, had that conspiracy succeeded—all
these constituted a law of necessity and self-preseivation, and
rendered the sahis pc.pulisupreme over the written law. The
officer who is called to act on this superior ground, does indeed
risk himself on the justice of the controlling powers of the Con-
stitution, and his station makes it hie duty to incur that risk,
lint those controlling powers, and his fellow-ciuzens generally,
are bound to judge according to the circumstances under which
he acted. They are not to tian&fer the information of this place,
or moment, to the time and place of this action; but to put them-
selves into his situation. We know here that there never was
danger of a British fleet from below, and that Burr's band was
ciu&hed before it reached the Mississippi. But Geneial Wil-
kinson's mlormation was very different, and he could act on no
other.
"From the&e examples and principles you may see what I
think on the question proposed. They do not goto the case of
persons charged with petty duties, where consequences are
trifling, and ume allowed for a legal course, nor to authorize
them to take such cases out of the written law. In these the ex-
ample of overleaping the law is of greater evil than a strict ad-
herence to us imperfect provisions. It is incumbent on those
oniy who acccpt of gieat charges, to risk themselves on great
occasions, when the safety of the nation or some of its very
high interests aie at stake. An officer is bound to obey orders;
yet he would bu a bad one who should do it in cases for which
they were not intended, and which involved the most important
corisequeaces. The line ofdiscrimination between cases may
be difficult, but the good officer is bound to draw it at his own
pen!, and throw himself on the justice of his country and the
rectitude of his motives.'5
Having thus shown that the law of necessity
justified the declaration of martial law, he would
now ask the Senator from New Jersey, if he bad
been placed in the same circumstances in which
General Jackson was placed, would he have acted
as General Jackson did?
Mr. MILLER said that, without a perfect
knowledge of every circumstance, he could not 
Mr. LINN did not want a conditional answer.
He merely required a definite reply, one way or
othei; for particular circumstance;* did not altes
the actual fact of declaring martial law.
Mr. MILLER said he would sot have acted as
General Jackson did.
Mr. LINN said that was a definite answer.
It could oniy be accounted for by tbe lawyer-like
way ia which professional gentlemen view ques-
tions of mere abstract principles. It amounted to
this: that the Senator fromNew Jersey, with his ci-
vilian notions, sooner thanyield them would suffer a
foreign enemy to overrun the country, and destroy
the very Coastitauon itself, than suspend that Con-
stitution for a moment, that the enemy might be
expelled, and both country and constitution be pre-
served.
He did not, in saying this, impute anything per-
sonally disrespectful to the Senator from New Jer-
seyj he only meant to illustrate that this was not
