CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
to the plan and estimate recommended by the Secretary of
War.
For continuing the breakwater at Plattsburg, New York, for
the said half calendar year, fifteen thousand dollars; and for the
said fiscal year, twenty-fire thousand dollars.
For repairs of pier, and preservation of harbor of New Castle,
Delaware, for the said half calendar year, ten thousand dollars;
and for the said fiscal year, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuation of the Delaware breakwater, for the said
half calendar year, fifty thousand dollars; and for the said fis-
cal year, fifty thousand dollars.
For completing the improvements of Cape Fear river, below
Wilmington, for the said half calendar year, ten thousand dol-
lars; and for the said fiscal year, thirty thousand dollars.
For improving the navigation of Savannah river, Georgia,
for the said half calendar yeai, fourteen thousand dollars; and
for the said fiscal year, twenty-eight thousand dollars.
For removal of the obstructions at the mouth of Suwannee
uver, Florida, for the said half calendar year, ten thousand dol-
lars; and for the Baid fiscal year, twenty thousand dollars.
For removal of the obstructions to the channel of Mobile
harbor and. bay, for the said half calendar year, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars; and for the said fiscal year, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For preservation, repairs, and gradual completion of the
harbors on the lakes, other than those enumerated, for the said
fiscal year, sixty thousand dollars.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
For continuing the Cumberland road in Ohio, for the said
half calendar year, fifty thousand doliais; and for the said fis-
cal year, fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the Cumberland road in Indiana, for the said
half calendar year, seventy five thousand dollars; and for the
said fiscal year, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For continuing the Cumberland road in Illinois for the said
half calendar year, seventy five thousand doliais; and for the
said fiscal year, seventy-five thousand dollars,
For arrearages due (or expenses incurred in making a sur-
vey and estimate for the location of the Cumberland road from
Vanualia, Illinois, to Jefferson City, Missouri, as required by
resolution of the Senate of January thirty, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-nine, for the said fiscal year, one thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-nine dollars and eighty-one
cents.
Mr. MALLORY raised a question of order; and
contended that the amendment (which is a trans-
cript of the "harbor bill") could not be entertained
in connexion with this bill.
Mr. SPRIGG requested the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Thompson] to withdraw the amend-
ment.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in or-
der.
Mr. RICHARD W. THOMPSON then ad-
dressed the committee up to the expiration of his
hour, in favor of tffe amendment.
Mr. SPRIGG took the floor at 2 o'clock, and
addressed the committee for half an hour against
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Thompson,] and against large appropriations
generally; but in favor of the adoption of some
measures for the improvement of the Western wa-
ters.
Mr. RICHARD W. THOMPSON then modi-
fied his amendment, by adding a proviso that
#25,000 of the appropriation for the Slates of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, be applied to the construc-
tion of a bridge across ihe Ohio river, at Wheeling.
Mr. BROCICWAY then moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. R. W. Thompson, by substi-
tuting for it the harbor bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON contended that the
amendment of Mr. Brockway was not in order.
The amendment of the Senate could be amended,
but no two amendments could be ottered at the
same time.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment of the
Senate was m the nature of an original proposition;
and, therefore, a motion to amend it could be
amended.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brock-
way's amendment, and it was rejected—ayes 45,
noes 97.
Mr. HOWARD offered an amendment to the
amendment, making appropriations for the im-
provement of the river Raisin, Lake St. Clair, and
other rivers in Michigan: rejected.
Mr. BOTTS offered an amendment to the
amendment, appropriating §50,000 for improving
the navigation of the James river, below Rich-
mond: rejected.
Mr. Tit. LING HAST offered an amendment to
the amendment, appropriating $10,000 for the im-
provement of the navigation of Providence river:
rejected.
Mr. SALTONSTALL offered an amendment
to the amendment appropriating, $10,000 for the
breakwater at Sandy Bay, Massachusetts: re-
jected.
Mr. MALLORY offered an amendment to the
amendment, appropriating $30,000 for the comple-
tion of the locks at the northern termination ot the
Dismal Swamp Canal: rejreted.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN offered an amendment to the
amendment, appropriating §80,000 for the marine
hospitals on the Wi stern waters: rejected.
Mr. GOODE of Ohio offered an amendment to
the amesdment, appropriating $70,000 for removing
the bar and other obstructions in the Maumee
river: rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN offered an amendment to the
amendment, appropriating $30,000 for the continua-
tion of the breakwater at Portland, Maine; re-
jected.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut offered an
amendment to Ihe amendment, appropriating
$30,000 for the improvement of the Thames river:
rejected.
Mr. TOLAND offered an amendment to the
amendment, appropriating $10,000 for the repair of
the piers at Reedy Island, on the Delaware: re-
jected.
Mr. CROSS offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
For completing the military road from Memphis, in the State
of Tennessee, westwatdly, passing through the State of Ar-
kansas, to the frontier of said State. [Amount not stated.]
This was also rejected.
Mr. BLAIR offered an amendment to the amend-
ment, appropriating $5,000 for Ihe improvement
of the harbor of Whitehall, New Yotk: rejected.
Mr. YORKE offered an amendments the amend-
ment appropriating $5,000 for the improvement
of —  river: rejected.
Mr. CALHOUN offered an amendment to the
amendment, appropriating $5,000 for the improve-
ment of the entrance into the harbor of Beverly,
Massachusetts: rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. R. W.
Thompson's amendment to the amendment of the
Senate, and it was rejected—ayes 61, noes, 9G.
The question then recurred on the question of
concurrence wilh the amendment of the. Senate;
on which tellers were demanded, and Messrs. Mil-
ler and Morris were appointed; and they reported
93 in the affirmative, and 98 in the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The committee concurred in the amendment, in-
serting the words "ihe District of Columbia" afier
the word "Territories," in the section which re-
quired that cadeis should be residents of the di^-
tric's, Territories, or District of Columbia, from
which they professed to be appointed.
The committee did not concur in the amendment
which gave power to appoint ten cadets "at large;"
the vote in the affirmative, as taken by Messrs. W.
O. Bdtler and Cave Johnson, tellers, b-ing but 40.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
to the House.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON in the House renew-
ed the motion to amend, which he bad submitted
in the Committee of thu Whole; and on that he
moved the previous question, and called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. W. O. BUTLER moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON raised a question of or-
der in relation to the relevancy of the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. R, W.
Thompson ]
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Afirr a f.-w words iromMessrs. MOORE,FILL-
MORE, WARREN, and oihers,
Mr. PICKENS renewed the motion to adjourn;
which was negatived.
The question was then taken on seconding the
previous question, which was agreed to; and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON calied for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. R. W. Thompson,] and they were or-
dered; but, as a division was called for, they were
taken on the first branch of the amendment, making
apprupiiations for various harbors and internal
improvements. This division comprehends all of
the amendment, as above printed, except thai which
makes an approj riation for continuing the Cum-
berland road.
The House refused to adopt it—yeas 74, nays
132, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andiews, Babcock, Bdkei, -Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Board-
man, Brewster, Briggs, Jeiemiah Brown, Casey, Cbilds, Chit-
tenden, John C. Clark, Staiey N. Clarke, James Cooper,
Cowen, Garrett Davis, Dean, John Edwards, Everett, Ferris,
Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Patrick G. Goode, Gran-
ger, Iienry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, James Irvw, William W.
Irwin, James, Andrew Kennedy, Lane, McKennan, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maynard, Morgan, Moms, Morrow,
Oliver, Pearce, Pendleton, Plnmer, Randolph, Ridgway, Riggs,
Saltonatall, Slade, Stokely, Stratton, J. T. Stuart, Sweney,
Richard W. Thompson, Til!inghast,Toland, Tomlmson, Trip-
lett, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Edward I). White,
Thomas W. Williams, Wmthrop, Yorke, and John Young
-74
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Arnold, Arrington, Barton, Beeson,
Bidlack, Black, Botts, flowne, Royd, Brockway, Bronson,
Aaron V. Brown, Buvke, William Butler, William O.Butler,
Green W, Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Calhoun, John
Campbell, William B, Campbell, Thos. J. Campbell, Caru-
thers, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Jolquitt, Mark A. Cooper,
Cranston, Cravens, Cross, Cushing, Daniel, Richard D. Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Don*, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Feesen-
den, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fomance, Thomas F.
Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, William O.
Goode, Gordon, Graham, Green, Gwin, Hall, Ilalsted,
Hastings, Hays. Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hunter,
Charles J. Ineersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones,
John P. Kennedy, King, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell,
Robert McClel ian, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand, Alfred
Matshall, Thomas F. Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Max-
well, Mediil, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard,
Osborne, Owsley, Payne, Pickens, Pope, Powell, Ramsey,
Alex. Randall, Rayner, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rogers,
Roosevelt, William Russell, J. M. Russell, Sanford, Saunders,
Seweil, Shepperd, {shields, William Smith, Snyder, Sprigg,
Steenrod, A. H. II. Stuart, Summers Sumter, Taliaferro, John
B. ihompson, Jacob Thompson, Trotu, Trumbull, Turney,
Underwood, Ward, Warren, Washington, Watterson, Weller*
Westbrook, Joseph L. White, Joseph L. Williams, Wise,
and Wood—132.
The question recurred upon the second division
of the amendment, which related to the continua-
tionfof the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois—Mr. Thompson having
80 modified it as to exclude any appropriation for
a bridge at Wheeling, Virginia.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and taken,
and this portion of the amendment rejected by a
vole of—yeas 65, nay& 127, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Amhews, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Blair, Boardman, Brockway,
Bronson, Jeremiah Brown, Burnet), Calhoun, Casey, Childss
John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, Cowen,
Oiavens, Cross, Garrett Davis, Dean, John Edwards, Fessen-
den, Fillmore, Patrick G Goode, Granger, Hastings, Henry,
Hudson, James Irvin, James, John P. Kennedy, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Lane, McKenrian, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Medill, Mor-
gan, Morris, '(MDrrow, Newhard, Pendleton, Alex. Randall,
Rayner, Reynolds, Ridgway, William Russell, Saltonstall9
Steenrod, Stokely, John T. Stuart, Richard W, Thompson, Til-
linghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Triplett, Trumbull, Van Rens-
selaei, Wallace, Weller, Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Wit.
hams, Winthrop, and John Young—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Arnold, Arrington, Babcock, Barton3
Bidlack, Birdseye, Biack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Biown, Charles Brown, Burke, William Butler*
William O. Butler, Giecn W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Cald"
well, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Caruthers, Chapman, Chittenden, Clifford, Coles,
Colquitt, M.uk A. Cooper, Cranston, Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Doig, Eastman, Joha C. Edwards,
Egbert, Everett, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, For-
nance, A. Lawrence Foster, ThomasF. Foster, Gamble, Gates,
Gentry, Geny, Gilmer, Goggin, William O. Goode, Gordon,
Graham, Green, Gwin, Hall, Ilalsted, Hays, Hopkins, Houcka
Ilouutoii, llowaid, Hubaid, Hunter, Chailes J. Ingersoll, Jack,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, King, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield,
Robeu McClellap, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand, Al-
fred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Osborne, Owsley,
Parmentei, Partridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Pow-
ell, Ramsey, Randolph, Reding, Rencher, Riggs, Rogers,
James M. Russell, Sanford, Saunders, Shepperd, Shields,
Slade, William Smith, Snyder, Spxigg, Stratton, Alexander
II. £1. Stuart, Summers, Sumter, Taliaferro, John B, Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Trotti, Turney, Underwood, Ward,
Warren, Washington, Watterson, Westbrook, Joseph L. Wib
liams, Wise, Wood, and Yorke—127.
The secord amendment of the Senate, appro-
priating $9,000 for certain barracks, was concurred
in; aho the amendment directing the survey of a
ship channel from Albemarle sound to the Atlantic
ocean.
The next amendment, appropriating 12,000 for
cariymg on meteorological observations at the mil-
itary posts, under the superintendence of the Sur-
geon General, came up on the question of concur-
ring wnh the Committee of the Whole in their rec-
ommendation that it be rejected. [This is for Pro-
fessor E py's scheme.]
The } eas and nays were asked for, but refused.
Tellers weie ordered [Messrs Cave Johnson and
L, W. Andrews,] who reported, (after much cog.
fusion, and a second count,) ayes 91, noes JQ3,
