304
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- So the House rejected (he recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole; and, therefore, the
amendment of the Senate is agreed to.
The next question that came up was on concur-
ring in the report of the committee rejecing the
amendment ©f the Senate, which went to authorize
the appointment of 10 cadets at large, and one
' from the District of Columbia, in addition to one
from each congressional district, as provided for in
the original bill.
On taking the question on this amendment, the
report of the committee was concurred in, and
consequently the amendment of the Senate was
negatived.
The next question wss on the amendment of the
. Senate appropriating $100,000 for the improvement
of the Ohio, Missouri, Mississippi, and Arkansas
rivers; and the question was pat in the form of
concurring in the amendment of the Senate, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 89, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Baker, Barton,
Beeeon, Boardman, Borden, Bowne, Boyd, Brig°s, Bronson,
Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, William O. Butler, Calhoun,
William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Cat others, Casey,
Childs, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, Cowen, Cravens,
Cross, Cushing, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Dean, John Edwards,
John C. Edwards, Egtert, Ferris, Fessenden, Fillmore, For-
nance, A. Lawrence Foster, Gentry, Gerry, Patiick O. Goode,
Granger, Green, Hastings, Hays, Henry, Hudson, Charles J.
lneersotl, James Irvin, William W. lrwm, Jack, James, Isaac
D. JoneB, John P.Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy, Lane, McKennan,
Marchand, Thomas F. Marshall, Mathiot, Medill, Miller, Mitch-
ell, Moore, Morrow, Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter,
Pearce, Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Benjamin Randall, Alexan-
der Randall, Reynolds, Ridgway, William Russell, James M.
Russell, Saltonstall, Slade, Spngg, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely,
Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, John B.
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tilling-
hast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer.
Wallace, Washington, Weller, Westbrook, Edward D. White,
Joseph L. While, Thomas W. Williams, and Winihrop—-105.
NAYS—Measrs. tiherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Arnngton,
Aycrigg, Babcock, Biulack, Birdseye, Black, Bla'r, Brewster,
Charles Brown, Buike, William Uutler, Green W. Caldwell,
Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell, Chapman, Chittenden,
John C. Clark, Clifford, Coles, Colquitl, Mark A. Cooper,
Cranston, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Doig, Eastman,
Everett, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Thomas F. Foster,
Gamble, Gates, Gilmer, Goggin, William O. Goodo, Gordon,
Graham, Hall, Halsted, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Hubanl,
Hunter, Hunt, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Lewis, Linn,
Littlefield, Robert McClellan, McKay, Malloiy, Alii ed Maishall,
Samson Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynnnl, M«riwpther,
Morgan, Oliver, Paitndge, Payne, Pickens, Powell, Ramsey,
Randolph, Reding, Riggs, Rogeis, Sannders, Shepperd, Snyder,
Stratton, Sumter, Taliaferro, Tomhnson, Trotti, Tuvney, War-
ren, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, Wood, Yoikc, and John
Young—89.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, here reported, on leave, the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill for the halt' calendar
year ending the 30th June, 1843, and the fiscalyear
beginning on the It July, 1843, and ending on the
30th Jane, 1844; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on ihe slate of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 18, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro km. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depast-
ment, trammitliog copies of accouais rendered by
the agents for disbursements to Indians; which,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, was ordered lo lie
on the table, and be printed.
Alio, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Treasury Department, in compliance wiih
a resolution of the Senate,calling upon that depart-
ment for information of what was dor.e bj it with
the appropriation for Ihe erection of a marine hos-
pital at or near Octacoke inlet, transmitting cor-
respondence upon the subjeel; which was,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial and pro-
ceedings of a meeetmg of citizens of Uniontown,
Pennsylvania, in favor of the issue of $200,000,000
of slock by Ihe Federal Government, based on ihe
public lands, to be di;tributed to the States in a rep ■
resentative ratio, for their relief; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Also, presented a memorial from citizsns of
Erie county, Pennsylvania, urging upon Congress
the propriety of passing a law to restore Mr. Ken-
dall to his personal liberty; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAGBY presented joint resolutions, adopted
by the Legislature of Alabama, in favor of a re-
duction of ihe price of the public lands in that
State, which have been frequently in the market,
and could not be sold at the present Government
price: ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a memorial from
Wm. H. Briggs and others, of Macoupin county,
Illinois, maintaining that all international difficul-
ties can be settled by a reference to seme friendly
power, and asking the Senate to exercise its con-
stitutional power, and insert an article in all future
treaties by which, in a last resort, such difficulties
may be decided by an umpire mutually agreed
upon by the parties: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they do pass, House bills for
the relief of George P. Pollen and Robert Coiegate,
and for the relief of S. Morris Wain.
Mr. E., from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Benjamin Adams & Co., and o:her?;
which wss read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. E., from the same commutes, reported
back, without amendment, House bill for the re-
lief of Thomas Weaver and Jacob Heyberger,
sureties of the Nornstown and Valley Railroad-
Company.
Mr. E-, from the same committee, to which had
been referred a memorial from importers of Ger-
man goods in tbe city of Philadelphia, praying the
regulation by Congress of the value of Germsn
coin, reported a bill to fix the value of certain for-
eign moneys of account, in computations at the
custom-house; which v as read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. McROBERTS, fiom the Committee on tbe
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred the ioifit retolu'ion of the Senate author-
izing tbe Postmaster Genera! to ccn'rscl with
Me sis. E. B. & S. Ward for carrying the mail
from Chicago to St. Joseph, made a report, ac-
companied by a resolution, in favoi of the rejec-
tion of the joint resolution.
Also, reported back from the same committee,
wilh a recommendation lhat it do pas?, the biil for
the relief of John W. Skidmore. The reports, in
both the^e eases, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill granting a pension to
William McPherson; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the previous
orders of the day weie postponed, and the above
bill was taken up as in committee of the whole;
and there being no motion to amend, it was reported
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
DEAF, DUMB, BLIND, AND INSANE.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana rose to ask leave to in-
troduce a bill granting land to'he several States
for the eJucation of the di*af, dumb, and blind, and
for the relief of insane persons.
Mr. S. said, a word of explanation from him, un-
der the circumstances, might be proper. Tne bill
was precisely similar to the one he had introduced
at the last session. At lhat time he had made a
few remarks, and had presented some statistics on
the subject. At that time he laiew that it was ex-
pected that he would bring up for consideration the
subject at this session. Such was then his inten-
tion; but he had not been able to do so at an earli-
er period, and he'confessed that he had little or no
prospect of seeing a final vote taken on the propo-
sition at this session. Still, he desired to keep the
matter in the eye of the Senate and the country
until action could be had. He wished to say, be-
fore retiring from ihe Senate, that the subject was
near his heart; and he believed it to be one of the
measures that would finally enlH in its favor the
philanthropy and best wishes of the Senate and the
country. He would not detain the Senate; he rose
merely to exclude, by a single remark, the conclu-
sion that he had in any degree abandoned the
measure, or despaired of its success.
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, and referred to ihe Committee on the Public
Lands.
Several bills from the House were read twice,
and referred to appropriate committees.
The bill for the relief of Thomas King, of Ten-
nessee, was read ths third time, and passed.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read «>nd adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate the total amount of the two per
cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands m the
State of Ohio, together with the entire cost of the Cumberland
road from Cumberland to the Pennsylvania line; and also fiom
Cumberland to the Ohio river.
Mr. YOUNG of Illinois presented the petition
of Rose Hawe (late Rose Bailly) of Illinois, pray-
ing the relinquishment of the reversionary inter-
est of the United States to two sections of land,
reserved to the daughters of Mo-nee, by her last
husband, Joseph Bailly, by the treaty with the
Pottawatomies of the Prairie and Kankakee Band?,
made at Camp Tippecanoe on the 20th of October,
1832; which, on his motion, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Commit'ee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
irom the House for the relief of Joha Wolf-
enden.
THE QUESTION OF ASSUMPTION.
The CHAIR announced that the resolutions
moved by the Senator trom Virginia [Mr. Rives,]
concerning the assumption of ihe debts of the
States, and the pending amendment?, were in or-
der.
Mr. BARROW moved to lay tbe resolutions on
the table.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays
on ihe motion; which were ordered.
Mr. RIVES hoped ths -Senator would consider
the vote on the motion a test question on the res-
olu'ions.
Mr. WALKER remarked that he would not
take it as any te t ot the op.!),on of ihe Senate; for
if the resolutions were now iaid upon Ihe table, he
should, on every morning du^ng ihe session, move
to take them up; and if ne should fail in that ef-
fort to get a vote ori the resolutions, he would him-
self introduce resolutions upon the subject, to test
the sense of the Sena'e.
Mr. BARROW said, in voting, he should not
consider it a test vote. He deemed this remark
called for, in consequence of ihe remarks of the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives] and the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Walker.]
The question was then put on the motion to lay
on the table, and decided in the negative—yeas SO,
nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Clayton,
Crafts, Crittenden, Dayion, Evans, Glaham, Huntington, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Tallmadse, White, and Wood bridge—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberis,
Rives, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22.
Ths CHAIR then announced that the resolutions
of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rivf,s] were be-
fore the Senate, as follow*:
Jiesolved, That another of the prominent causes which tend
to prolong and increase tbe financial embatrassments of the
country, and to retard the ultimate restoration of public and
private credit, is the uncertainty and suspense thrown
over the policy of this Government, in regard to the
debts of the States, by the agitation of projects for the
virtual assumption of those debts by the authorities of
the Union; that while this uncertainly is peimitted to
exist, its mischievous etloct is to foster delusive hopes
ot reliel fiom a quarter whence it can never legitimate-
ly proceed, and to divert the attention of the indebted States
fiom that timely and energetic application of their own re-
sources to the fulfilment of their engagements, which they
would otherwise make, and winch is the sole natural and prop-
er reliance for the liquidation of their respective liabilities;
and it is, therefore, urgently demanded by the interests of the
parties immediately concerned, as well as by those of tiie
country at large, that Congress should now explicitly and un-
equivocally declare the views it entertains of the appropriate
and constitutional sphere of its powers and duties in relation to
this subject.
Resolved, That, in the fundamental division and allotment
of political power established by the Constitution between the
Government of the Union and those of the several States,
there is no power or authority given to the former to provide
for the payment of the debts incurred by the latter, m virtue of
their undoubted competence, and within their separate and ex-
clusive jurisdiction; that any attempt by the General Govern-
ment thus to assume, and impose upon the people of the
Uuion, the debts of individual States, would be notmersly a grow
