CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
consumption of time. The Senator from Ohio, the
Other day, had made an appeal to him to ac-
cept the proposition which he had submitted as an
amendment of his resolutions. This he could not
do, in the manner and form in which it was offer-
ed; but he had prepared a modification of that
amendment, so as to make it applicable to the issue
of the two hundred millions of Government stock.
He had no objection so to modify his resolutions
as to make them, applicable to the mode of as-
sumption. If this met the views of the gentleman
from Ohio, he would adopt the modification.
Mr ALLEN said his object in presenting the
amendment, was to embrace the proposition of
the issue of Government stock, called the two
tfundred million scheme, and all other schemes
which authorized the issue of scrip predicat-
ed upon the proceeds of the public domain. He
had not drawn up that amendment with anything
like ostentation; and. as the phraseology employed
by the Senator from Virginia embraced very near-
ly the true object which he had in view, he was
perfectly content that the gentleman's modification
should be substituted for the amendment which he
had proposed.
The modification proposed by Mr. Rives was
then accepted as a substitute for Mr. Alleh's
amendment.
Mr. GRAHAM apprehended the question should
first be taken on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. .MERRICK was of opinion that, now, the
next question in order would be on his amend-
ment.
Mr. BUCHANAN apologized for not address
ing the Senate on this occasion. It was eviden
that this discussion interfered with the bill of the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Linn] for refunding
the fine imposed on General Jackson by Judge
Hall, and also would be likely to interfere with the
•bill of the Senator from Georgia on the subject of
the bankrupt law. As soon as these subjects should
be disposed of, he would feel himself pledged to
bring forward the question, involved in these reso-
lutions, in a few direct petitions which he would
present; and, on that occasion, he would claim the
indulgence of the Senate to grant him one half
hour forthe expression of isissentiments.
The question then coming up on Mr. Merrick's
amendment,
Mr. BERRIEN observed, that this being a prop-
osition to strike ''in one or more ot the original
resolutions, could not, u he conceived, take prece-
dence of a proposition to ptrfect the oiiginal prop-
osition by amendment. Before a motion to strike
out is in order, it i. competent to entertain a mo-
tion to amend. The modification of the second
resolution not having been put to the vote, but be-
ing accepted by the tramer of the original proposi-
tion, did not affect the right to amend. He would
th#refore submit an amendment, to be decided be-
fore the motion to strike out could be entertained.
As he understood, the object of the Senator from
Virginia was to obtain a direct vote on the question
of the constitutional power and expediency of en-
tertaining any proposition for the assumption of the
debts of the States by the General Government. If
confined to that object solely, he could see no objec-
tion to the expression of opinion required; but these
resolutions go beyond that object, and bear an infer-
ence which may create an objection with several Sen-
ators to vote on them. They leave the inference
that the Senate denies the constitutional power of
the Government over the question of the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the public lands, or the pub-
lic domain itself. His desire, in the amendment he
should submit, was to exclude any inference be-
yond the naked question on which the Senator from
Virginia proposed to obtain the vote. The Sena-
tor would see, that if the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands were distributed among the States,
they could apply the amount to the payment of
their debts, or any other purpose; yet this would
not be the assumption at which the Senator's reso-
lutions are aimed. His amendment to the second
resolution was a proviso that nothing therein eon-
tained shall be deemed to affirm or deny the power
of the General Government to distribute to the
States the proceeds of the public lands, or to sur-
render the public lands tc the several States to
which they belong.
Mr. BAYARD understood the state of the case
to be, now, that these resolutions of the Senator
from Virginia, having come up as a substantive
proposition, and a modification of one of them hav-
ing been accepted, the next amendment in succes-
sion was on the proposition of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,] to strike out, and sub-
stitute certain resolutions offered by him. The
amendment of the Senator from Maryland then
stood as an amendment to the original proposition;
and it was, therefore, competent to any one to go
a stage farther, and move to amend the amend-
ment. He would, therefore, move to amend the
amendment, by striking out the second resolution,
and inserting the substitute he should send to the
Chair.
The CHAIR explained that the motion of the
Senator from Georgia to perfect the resolution,
would be in order before either motions to strike
out.
Mr. BAYARD believed the Chair was right.
His amendment could therefore lie over till the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia was dis-
posed of.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought it was now perfectly
manifest that, if this discussion was to proceed, and
amendments on amendments were to be considered,
it would be utterly impracticable to advance
any further this session with the ordinary business
of legislation. The proper despatch of the real
business yet to be accomplished, and the due delib-
eration of the vast and momentous questions which
must necessarily be called up in this discussion,
were incompatible. It was but a few days sgo,
when there was a full session, (or pne very nearly
full,) that this whole subject In another form bad
been deliberately laid on the table. These resolu-
tions of the Senator from Virginia escaped the fate
of the resolutions of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, with the various amendments pending to them,
by the mere accidental circumstance of being
out of reach, though substantially before the
Senate. They were merely outside of the rules by
which, technically, they could be considered as
pending amendments; but now they come up with
all the vitality of the original resolutions of the
Senator from South Carolina; and as many, if not
more, amendments are to -be discussed, one after
another, till every remaining hour of the session is
to be consumed upon them. Virtually, they should
be considt'ied as having gone on the table with the
original resolutions to which they were intended to
be appended; and the gentleman might just as
well make a motion to take up the resolutions of
the Senator from South Carolina again, as to pro-
ceed with these resolutions. Now, he would ask,
had not the rights of legislating in this way some
assignable limits'! Is the ordinary business of
Congress to give way to this reiteration of abstract
discussions, leading to nothing, and not even hav-
ing any professed object of direct action in view1}
Are the gentlemen who stand pledged to certain
views, er who have brooded over this subject till they
think they are enlightened enough to come to a decis-
ion, the only persons whose wishes are to be consult-
ed? The Senator from Virginia, who introduced
these resolutions, had doubtless investigated the
subject thoroughly; and, being satisfied himself,
now called on every one else to vote without dis-
cussion—not even deigning to bestow upon the
Senate the information m his power to bestow. He
seems, on the contrary, to imagine that they are
such invaluable propositions, that, once they are
proposed, it is the duty of the Senate to vote upon
them in silence and in reverence. And what sub-
jects do they involve? Subjects of the gravest and
most momentous character—touching the very
foundations of the whole fabric of our Government
and institutions. These were not questions to be
hastily and hurriedly voted upon, and without dis-
cussion. Yet it was obvious no time remained of
this session for discussing any one branch of these
subjects.
These resolutions are put forward as of vital and
pressing necessity, to arrest the doctrines spreading
abroad in relation to the assumption of the debts of
the States. What effect of that kind can they pos-
sibly have? Will they arrest public opinion? Is
the Senate of the United States constituted for the
manufacture of public opinion? Is it to be the
Propaganda of public sentiment? If gentlemen ex-
pected this, they would be disappointed. They
could neither make nor crush public opinion. Their
resolutions, even if they were passed, would amount
to nothing. They would hav.e no legislative effect,
and could not manufacture the public opinion ex-
pected from them. The more they are discussed,
the more discussion they will create among the
people; so that, instead of crushing the sentiments
they are intended to extinguish, they will excite
their development and extension. He, for one,
had no opinion to conceal, or shrink from avowing
in the face of the world If gentlemen wanted an
expression of his sentiments on this subject, they
should have it, vote or no vote. He told them now
that, in his opinion, this Government was under
no obligation whatever, moral or legal, to assume
the debts of the States, incurred for their own in-
dividual purposes. It was his opinion that the
faith of the General Government was not commit-
ted in the slightest degree by the obligations of the
States to their creditors. He trusted the day was
frr distant when any state of things could exist in
which it would be expedient even for the General
Government to entertain the subject, in arty shape
er form, of interfering for the adjustment ot State
obligations. But much and decidedly as he was
opposed to such interference, he was not prepared
to say that, in the long hereafter which may be
viewed >n perspective, a case may not possibly
arise in which the embarrassment of one or more
States may be such that, if not relieved, they may
endanger the General Government itself and the
whole Union. And viewing that possibility—and
he only looked upon it, as at present informed, as
a bare possibility—he was not prepared to pledge
himself, by s&y obligatory vote, against such line
of conduct as the best policy and best interests of
the country might demand at his hands.
After reviewing the whole subject in a great
variety of lights, Mr. C. concluded by remark-
ing that he could not vo e for the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia, nor did he see how any friend
to the great principle of distribution could vote for
it. The question of the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands to the sev-
eral Slates was one which he and his friends had
maintained with r11 the zeal and energy of which
they were capable; they had never doubted the
constitutional power to make that distribution.
They considered it a question placed beyond the
possibility of doubt. But the amendment of the
Senator f romGeorgia at one® sanctions a doubt upon
that point in the outset, by stating that this res-
olution is to be understood as neither affirming nor
denying the power of the General Government as
to the distribution or surrender to the States of the
public lands. He could not vote for it, and he
trusted the friends of distribution would not.
Mr. BAGBY explained; and, in the course of
his explanation, he denied that he had attempted
to manufacture public opinion by anything which
he had said; and he asserted that he was as little of
a political propacandist as the Senator from Ken-
tucky himself. Smcc he had had the honor of a
seat in ihe Senate, he had never played the part,
nor attempted to play the part, of a political propa-
gandist. He had never introduced into this body
what'ho gentleman was pleased to denominate ab-
stiact propositions; and, if he adhered to his present
impressions, in all human probability he never
should. Indeed, hs had gone further; for he had not
only not introduced abstract propositions there, but
h  had not even entered into their discussion until
he was driven to it by the remarks of other Sena-
tors on this floor. Great, and vital, and important
as these and kindred propositions were, he had
not entered into this discussion to manufacture
public opinion; for he was not vais enough to be-
lieve that he could manufacture public opinion, even
for those who generally think with bim; much less,
for others whodtffered from him. But, little as he
expected anything which he said to have any effect
on the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
he must say he was a little astonished at the small
importance that Senator seemed now to attach
