310
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it by Mr. Roberts. Such were the facts of the
case. Was it any wonder, then, that the Pres-
ident of the United States, as soon as he found
out [the character of Bela Badger, and those
he had been the means of putting in office,
should request Mr. Roberts to turn them out
again? It was his duty to request them to be re-
moved. And why could not Mr. Roberts have re-
moved them? Had he not put them in at the
request of the President? He had suffered dictation
in the first instance—why not in the second? The
reason was obvious. A change had come over
* the spirit of his dream. When he took the office,
he was a friend of Mr. Tyler; when he was re-
quested to make the removals, he was a friend to
the chief of another division of the party. The
officers to be removed were the open and avowed
friends to that chieftain; and Mr. Roberts was
willing they should continue in office, to abuse
and vilify Mr. Tyler, to promote the election of
Mr. Clay. These very crimes were qualifications
in his eyes that fitted them for that service.
Those were the immediate causes of the removal.
It was on record. Mr. Roberts had published his
own guilt to the world, and it needed no committee
of this House to give it a broader circulation.
There might have been other causes operating
in the President's mind when he was removed. It
might have been that Mr. Tyler did not know him
so well when he appointed him; he might have
beard afterwards that Mr. Roberts had been a de-
cided opponent of General Harrison during the
war; he might have seen on the records of the
Senate, what he had not noticed before he ap-
pointed him—that Mr. Roberts had been one of
those who had attempted to tarnish the fame of
General Harrison, by refusing in the Senate of the
United States to honor him. He might also have
subsequently seen that Mr. Roberts was tbe author
of the foulest slander ever propagated in this coun-
try, having attempted to tarnish the reputation of
the wife of a hero and statesman—that which no
honorable man would ever attempt to bring into
politics. Mr. Tyler might not have known all this;
and when he had become informed of it, Mr. B. ap-
pealed to this House and the country if he was
not right in removing him; and Mr. B. only wished
that he bad placed his removal on higher grounds—
on the grounds which he had last stated; but one
and all of them were sufficient, and there was not a
man in Pennsylvania, whose feeling was not cal-
lous, whose heart had not been deeply dyed in
political partisanship, that had not rejoiced at the
removal.
Mr. B., in conclusion, withdrew his motion, say-
ing that his purpose was answered by the commu-
nication just received from the department, and that
he did not wish to couple the name of Calvin
Blythe any longer with that of Jonathan Roberts.
Mr. BARNARD now obtained the floor, and
moved that the House go into Committee of the
Whole on the subject of the exchequer.
The motion was voted down.
Mr. TOLAND then addressed the House in re-
ply to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Charles Brown.] He said it was not his custom
to take part in debates of this kind; and he would not
do so on the present occasion, but that ho felt it
due to his constituents to say something. He read
from the expose of Mr. Roberts, referred to by his
colleague, and contended that Mr. Roberts never
consented to become the tool of any man.
Mr, C. BROWN rose, and read a part of the
expose, containing a letter from the President to
Mr. Roberts, in which the President stated that
"Mr. Badger and Mr. Tyson have been the warmest contest-
ants. They may have made promises in anticipation of suc-
cess to particular persons, whom you may quiet by carrying
them out. I merely make you suggestions as from one friend
to another, to be adopted by youas your judgment may dic-
tate. I have one wish, I confess; and it is that Governor Shultz
should have the place of principal—an office, the duties of
which are light, and the income of some moment to him."
This, Mr. B. said, it was known was all carried
out, except that Governor Shultz's son was ap-
pointed instead of Governor Shultz.
Mr. Roberts himself says, in his own expose, that
his "appointments throughout were governed by the
EXFRBSSSD ttithes of the President
Mr. TOLAND resumed, and contended that the
fact stated by his colleague came from the letter
of the President, and not from Mr. Roberts. He
rose not to attack the President, but to vindicate
Mr. Roberts, who was removed because he would
not become the tool of any man. He did not rise
to speak against Calvin Blythe, He believed Mr.
Blythe was a man of high character, and he had
never asked for his removal. But the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] had attacked his reso-
lution as if he had intended, in offering it, to in-
terfere with the functions of the President. So
far from having any such design, he bad studiously
avoided affording even a shadow for such a charge.
He had not called on the President, but merely
for documents on file in the Treasury Department.
Were the departments to be sealed to members
desiring information?
Mr. WISE said that a mere call for papers on
file would give a partial view only of the question.
A call on the President would give the entire
view of it. He objected to giving the committee
power to send for persons and papers, because it
looked like an a'temp't to hold the President re-
sponsible to the House for his appointments.
Mr. TOLAND continued, and was understood
to say that the charges against the President, in the
matter of the removal of Mr. Roberts, were of a
very grave character, and should be investigated.
Mr. WISE said he was glad to see what was
the gentleman's object. It was impeachment.
Mr. TOLAND did not desire to have words put
in his mouth which • he did not say. He wished
inquiries to be instituted, not knowing where those
inquiries would lead him. If they led to an im-
peachment, he (Mr. T.) would not shrink from it.
Were he a friend of the President, so far from re-
sisting inquiry, he would encourage and demand
it.
Mr. STANLY next obtained the floor, and ob-
served that he thought it was too late in the session
to occupy the time of the House in discussing the
villany of Captain Tyler. The Captain had not
been able to get but one Democrat to support him;
and now there remained no one on that floor to de-
fend him, except the guard; two of whom, he un-
derstood, at least, we:e to receive fat offices after
the 4th of March. If the subject came up at an-
other time, he might say something upon it; but, at
present, thegame was too contemptible for him to
waste his ammunition upon it. He therefore
moved the previous question.
The previous question was sustained, and the
House proceeded to vote on the motion to print;
which was decided in the affirmative.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting the names of the clerks and other persons
employed in that department during the past year:
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Second Auditor,
transmitting a copy of the accounts rendered by
disbursing officers of the Government: referred to
the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, stating that, in accordance with tbe resolu-
tion of August 20th, 1842, a contract had been
entered into for the use of Babbit's anti-attrition
metal, and asking that an appropriation be made
to fulfil the consideration: referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Post Office De-
partment, transmitting a list of the clerks em-
ployed in that department during the past year:
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The following bills from the Senate were sev-
erally read twice, and referred:
The bill explanatory of the act entitled "An act
in relation to lands sold at ihe Greemburg or St.
Helena district, Louisiana," approved 2d Augubt
1842; and
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Madame de
Lusser, and their legal representatives.
The bill from the House for the relief of George
Mayfield, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto, was taken up, and the amendments con-
curred in •
Mr. EVERETT called up the motion for recon-
sideration of the vote on laying on the table the
resolution reported by the Committee of Claims,
allowing them to employ a clerk; and, under the
operation of the previous question, the reconsider-
ation was agreed to.
The question was then taken on laying the reso-
lution on the table, and decided in the negative;
after which,
The resolution was adopted—yeas 99, nays 72.
Mr. EVERETT then moved the reconsidera-
tion of the vote just taken, and called for the pre-
vious question; which was seconded by the House,
and under its operation, the reconsideration was
refused.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
William Wilcox; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. TILLINGHAST, the joint
resolution providing for the distribution of the
printed returns of the Compendium of the Sixth
Census, was taken up; and the amendments being
agreed to, it was passed.
EXCHEQUER.
Mr. BARNARD moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of considering the exchequer bill; and after
some remarks in opposition to the motion by
Messrs. UNDERWOOD and McKENNAN, the
motion was rejected.
Mr. BRIGGS asked if private bills were not first
in order; and, if so, the bill for the relief of Philip
Renault was the first on the calendar.
The SPEAKER said that the first business
would be the motion to print the reports of the
Committee of Ways and Means on the subject of
issuing |900,000,000 of Government stock, on
which the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Jacob
Thompson] had the floor.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said that several gen-
tlemen having solicited him to waive his right to
the floor for today, in order that the House might
proceed at once to the consideration of private and
Territorial bills that were on their passage, he would
do so, with the understanding that he might again
have the floor on Tuesday. This being agreed to,
by general consent,
The bill for the relief of Philip Renault was taken
up and read a third time; and, on.the question of
its passage,
Mr. BIRDSEYE called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, resulted in yeas 70, nays 98.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD proposed to the House to
proceed with the Territorial bills, and the bills re-
lating to the District of Columbia. These had all
been discussed, with the exception of the District
bank bills, which He proposed to give the go-by,
in order to avoid discussion on them.
Mr. ADAMS insisted on taking up first the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton; which
was the next in order.
After a short discussion as to priority of busi-
ness, in which Messrs. ADAMS, UNDERWOOD,
and McCLELLAN, took part—
The bill icr the relief of the heirs of Robert
Pulton was taken up.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN called for ihe previous
question on its passage.
Mr. BURKE moved to lay it on the table. The
report made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Hobard] was very argumentative and conclusive,
and showed that the claim was utterly without any
foundation.
After seconding the previous question, and or-
dering the main question,
The yeas and nays were taken, resulting in yeas
89, nays 59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. R. McCLELLAN moved tbe reconsideration
of the vote just taken, and called for the previous
question; under the operation of which the motion
was negatived.
SURETIES OF SAMUEL, SWARTWOUT.
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make a compromise with tbe sureties on the
ofBcial bond of Samuel Swartvvout, late collector
of the port of New York, came up on its third
reading.
