Hi
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he then mean Was—as the w&ole tenor ofhis remarks
would show—that He was unwilling to express an
opinion at that time, as to the power of Congress
to interfere in this matter. He did not intend to
say that Congress could exercise any power, ex-
cept such powers as were expressly granted, or
which were implied as necessary to carry express
grants of power into effect.
Mr. McDUFFIE resumed. He was glad to
hear the explanation of the Senator. He entire-
ly concurred with him in that view—as he pre-
sumed every Senator would—that they had all the
powers expressly granted, and which were implied
as necessary to carry out those in such grants.
He would now proceed to demonstrate (as he
believed it would not be difficult to do) that there
■was not only no such power granted by the Consti-
tution to the Congress of the United States, but
that the exercise of such a power was as positively
prohibited as human language could convey a pro-
hibition. What was it that was proposed to be
done? He besought gentlemen to realize a practi-
cal view of the matter. The stock which it was
proposed to issue, it was true, was to be sus-
tained in part by the income derived from the pub-
lic lands. But he wished to remove from the
minds of Senators all illusion upon this point. The
whole resources of the Government would be ne-
cessarily charged with the enormous burden con-
templated by the scheme of the issue of Govern*
ment stock. What were the powers to be exer-
cised? The whole money power of the Govern-
ment—the power of borrowing, and the power of
appropriating; the whole money power—a power
involving all the other powers of the Government.
This was the power to be brought into exercise.
And he asked if there was not, in reference to the
exercise of this power, a limitation as express as
human language could make it? It was declared
in the Constitution that Congress should have the
power of raising money—-for what purpose? To
provide "for the commen defence and general wel-
fare" of the Union. The only purpose for which
Congress could raise and appropriate money in
any form, was to provide for the common defence
and general welfare of the United States. Now,
if the payment of State debts—the interference
with, or assumption of State authority—could be
considered as embraced within the terms "common
defence and general welfare," he confessed that to
him language had lost its power, and they might as
well throw aside the Constitution at once. It seem-
ed to him particularly clear that the powers which
would be involved in the operation of this scheme
were positively and expressly prohibited by the
terms of the Constitution. Language could not
make it plainer; and he would not, therefore, con-
sume any more of the time of the Senate upon the
question of constitutional power.
They were thus arrested at the very threshold;
and all those who, with bim, entertained the opin-
ion which he had just expressed—that the exercisc
of such a power as this would be plainly uncon-
stitutional—must maintain the ground that any at-
tempt to impose upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States the exercise of such a power must be,
now and hereafter, destitute of any effect. They
could not pledge the faith of this Government for
any such purpose.
But suppose that, by a strained construction,
they could assume to themselves such a power as
this: when they came to consider its practical re-
sult, it would seem so totally to reverse all the
principles of the Government, and so far to de-
range the operations, the control, and the responsi-
bility of the whole system, as to render it evidently
unconstitutional, even independently of the ex-
press prohibition.
It was proposed to throw upon this Government
the responsibility of collecting taxes for the State?,
and to relieve the State Governments from all re-
sponsibility in the matter. He begged Senators to
consider this proposition; and, with that view, he
would repeat, that it was proposed that this Gov-
ernment should perform the part of tax-gatherer
for the several States—giving the State Govern-
ments the control over the fund, without any re-
sponsibility as to its collection. And, if tbey looked
at the manner in which the debts of the States had1
been contracted, and at the means by which
they had been carried on, under the most
extraordinary delusion, in the prosecution of
their works of internal improvement, he thought
they would be admonished—and that, ih strong
language—of the impropriety of the proposed
scheme of assumption. During the last few
years, about two hundred millions ef dollars
of foreign capital had been brought into the coun-
try. Was there anything that could so totally de-
range all the monetary affairs of the Government
as the introduction of this enormous amount of for-
eign capital? It was like a shower of gold poured
out upon the States; the natural operation of which
was to enhance the price of everything. And it
might not be inappropriate to say here, that the im-
portation of this immense amount of foreign capi-
tal had contributed as much as the extraordinary
expansion of bank circulation, or any other cause
whatever, to occasion those distresses under which
the country was now laboring. During the period
to which he had referred, a perfect delirium had
been produced. Men acted precisely as if they,
had been under the influence of some stimulating
draught. All responsibility in the disposal of the
public money was destroyed. And it would be
seen, by looking at the manner in which the public
works of internal improvement were carried on,
that all the agents connected with those works acted
precisely as if they imagined the funds devoted to
that purpose had rained down from heaven.
There was universal excitement—universal deli-
rium; and the consequence was, the works cost
three, four, or five times as much as they could
now be constructed for. What did this go to show?
It showed that those to whom the appropriation of
the money was confided, felt no sort of responsibil-
ity. And he would venture to assert, that, at this
very moment, there was no prudent man in the
United States, who had capital, who would take,
as a gift, nine-tenths of the internal improve-
ments made by foreign capital, if he were to
be bound by the terms of the gift to keep up
those works. They would not pay the expense.
And he must be permitted to say that the prac-
tice of borrowing money by the State Governments
(the most unfortunate of all schemes ever adopted
by any Government) had been their utter and ab-
solute ruin. And now, after the people had awa-
kened from their delirium, looked about them, and
surveyed the ruin which had been produced, was
it deseed that a new stimulus should be adminis-
tered—that they should be encouraged to engage
again in the same course of extravagance? Was
it proper again to administer the same dose, and
to produce again the same disasters? It was per-
fectly clear that the . practical operation of the
scheme would be to destroy the responsibility of
those to whom would belong the appropriation of
the public money. The State Governments were
to expend the money, whilst they were to be freed
from the responsibility of imposing taxes. Was it
not plain that, if they were required to impose
taxes upon the people, in order to raise the money,
the people would hold a salutary cheek over them?
There was no other way to hold them in cbeck, but
by making them directly responsible. But the ef-
fect of this system would be to destroy all respon-
ibility.
Upon the question of expediency, he would ask
what favor was it they were about to confer upon
the States of this Union? The worthy Senator
from Maryland had been pleased to speak of the
paternal character of this Government, and the ob-
ligations incident to that character. The paternal
character of the Government! This was not the
first time, by many handreds, that he had heard
this language used. Whenever the Government
were about xo do any wrong—whenever they were
about to violate the rights of any portion of the
people—they always assumed this paternal charac-
ter. It was a remark of Junius, (which was capa-
ble of specific application here,) that "whenever he
saw a Scotchman smile, he involuntarily put his
hand upon his pocket." When he (Mr. McD.)
heard the paternal character of this Government
spoken of, he was disposed to regard the proposi-
tion by which such a declaration was accompanied,
with more than ordinary suspicion. He asked
what was the practical character of the proposition?
Did gentlemen mean to inculcate upon the people
of the United States that this Government was en-
dowed (as a sort of godlike power) with wealth?—a
sort of inherent wealth, which it did not derive
from the people—that this paternal Government was
about to relieve the States by giving them money?
Were they, like children, to be deluded with such an
absurd picture as this? Give money to the people!
Why, all that this Government possessed, they
derived from the people. They had not a single
dollar that was not drawn from the pockets of the
people; and yet this Government proposed to re-
lieve the people by giving them money! Were the
people of these United States 'supposed to worship
this Government, as the Persians worship the sun?
God forbid! Let them meet the question plainly
and fairly. Every dollar that was given to the
States, must first be taken from the people of the
States; and for every dollar that they received in
one form, they must pay at least a dollar and
twenty-five cents in another form. This was the
inevitable consequence—and it could not be avoid-
ed. He asked Senators if they were willing to
give this money to the States, to be squandered by
them, and thereby place themselves under the ne-
cessity of calling upon the people for supplies?
The idea, therefore, of relieving the States by
granting them money, was drawing a distinction
between the Governments of the Stales and the
people of those Siates; which was totally destitute
of all practical foundation. To be sure, the idea
of many, he knew, was, that the money to be ap-
propriated to the States was to be col.ected in an
indirect form—by a system of indirect taxation—
leheving them from the burden of direct taxation;
but the distinction was totally destitute of founda-
tion. Did gentlemen suppose that, with a bank-
rupt treasury—while this Government was living,
from day to day, upon the miserable shift of bor-
rowing money, and after our commerce had been
cut down so that it would not even sustain the or-
dinary expenses of the Government—it could,
nevertheless, sustain the enormous expense of
granting $200,000,000 to the States? In less than
a single year, if this system were adopted, they
would have to resort to direct taxation.
But there was another view of the subject which
claimed their attention. The measure was pro-
posed for the purpose of relieving the States of this
Union; but, in order to do this, it would be neces-
sary to do something more. Suppose stock to the
amount of $200,000,000 be issued. What would
be the portion to which the State of Pennsylvania
would be entitled? It would not be sufficient to
pay anything like one half the amount of the debt
of that State. How would it be with Missouri?
Missouri, he believed, owed no debt at all. She
would be entitled, nevertheless, to her distributive
share of $3,000,000, and South Carolina to $4,000,-
000. With a bankrupt treasury, and a heavy
debt hanging over us, without the means of paying
that debt, it was proposed to throw upon the world
stock to the amount of $200,000,000, bearing an'
interest of but three per cent, What would the
stock be worth? The State of Missouri had no
debt at all. What would it be worth in the truly
economical and exemplary State of North Caroli-
na? What would Government stock, at three per
cent., be worth in the markets of the world? You
coula not adopt a more effectual mode to degrade
this Government, already bankrupt, than by issu-
ing slock to the extent of $200,000,000—double
the whole amount of the debt contracted during the
last war with Groat Britain! Why, it would be
extravagant to suppose that, when the Government
of the United States could not sell its six per cent,
stock at par, although its credit was then much bet-
ter than it now j—it would be extravagant to sup-
pose that this three per cent, stock would sell for
moie than fifty dollars in the hundred. It would
not be worth more. So that, in order to accommo-
date the indebted States, all those not indebted
would be forced to receive at par Government
stock, not worth fifty dollars in the hundred; and
yet they would have to pay their full proportion of
the taxation consequent upon the issue of this
stock. He believed it would be a common calam-
ity to all the States. He had no idea—particularly
