318
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BARNARD rose to offer an amendment to
the bill—in substance, the same as that which he
had offered as a substitute for the exchequer bill
introduced by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Cdshinu.]
Mr. FILLMORE rose to a question of order.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in or-
der, as it was not an original bill, but only an
amendment to another bilh
Mr. FILLMORE said he had supposed it was
an origiaal bill. He would, however, submit that
it was not in order, upon another ground. He sub-
mitted it to the Chair whether the subject of the
amendment was sufficiently analogous to that of
the bill now before the committee.
The CHAIR said that the bill was a proposiiion
to re-issue treasury notes. The amendment of the
gentleman [Mr. Barnard] purported to be a propo-
sition to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
borrow $15,000,000 from the Slate banks. It was,
in fact, only another form of borrowing money, and
therefore in order.
Mr. FILLMORE then rose and appealed to his
colleague [Mr. Barnard] to withdraw his amend-
ment, and allow the bill to pass without delay, as
it was indispensable to the wants of the treasury.
Let the appropriation bills be passed, and then it
would be time enough to offer the amendment.
Mr. BARNARD said there was only one condi-
tion on which he could consent to withdraw his
amendment—and that was, an assurance from the
committee and the House ibat he should have an
opportunity 10 submit and discuss his proposition
one day this week. Unless he pressed it now, he
would have no opportunity of doing so at all prior
to the adjournment.
Mr. B. called for the reading of his amendment;
and it wa« read through.
Mr. CUSHING expressed a desire that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Barnard] would per-
mit him to put in an amendment to his amendment,
so that the committee might have the whole sub-
ject before them.
Mr. BARNARD declined yielding to the request,
and observed that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts had better offer his proposition after he (Mr.
B.) had concluded his remarks.
Mr. Barnam then, went on to say that upon
reflection, he did not think there could be a
more fitting opportunity for him to discharge
what he conceived to be a great duty to the coun-
try, by presenting his proposition to the House;
nor did he think that there could be a more fitting
occasion than; the present for the House to con-
sider the subject. Here was a proposition, brought
in by the Committee of Way* and Means, for the
relief of the treasury by the mode-to which this Gov-
ernment had been in the habit of resorting, for six
yearspast,year after year, and session aftersession.
It was a mere temporary expedient to enable the
Government to get along from day to day, and to
maintain its credit without repudiation. He held
the treasury-note policy and system to be no
financial system whatever. It was an expedient,
and not a system; it was a mere temporary resort,
and not the adoption of a sreat financial measure,
such as ought to be adopted for the relief of the
treasury. Under present circumstances, however,
he made no opposition to the trcasury-no'e bill.
The object of that bill, as he understood it, as in-
troduced by the Committee of Ways and Means,
was merely to postpone the day of payment upon
treasury ijotes already issued andnow in the hands
of bona-fide holders, beyond the period of time
when the Government promised to pay them. That
was one object of the bill. Another object was to
induce the holders of these notes to keep them in
their pockets as investments, by the promise to
pay interest on them.
The Government issued its promissory notes for
the payment of its current expenses, just as an ir.di-
vidul might do under similar circumstances, for the
sake of gettirg along in a Jeremy Diddler sort of way
frotn day to day; and after the notes had become
due, proposed to raise the wind by asking the pub-
lic creditors to forbear to press their claims for
payment. This was the financial policy of the
treasury-note bill before the House; and he repeat-
ed, that he would not oppose it, but he must say
that it was a most wretched and ill-judged system.
He had never voted for a treasury-note bill, eiiher
under the last administration or the present; and
he should not vote for one until he was better sat
isfied than he now was that it was a proper mode
of raising money, and better satisfied than he ever
had been of the immediate pressing necessity of the
measure. His doctr:ne was, that, in a time of pro-
found peace, •ysrith a plenty of money in the money
market, whenever it was necessary for this
Government to borrow money, it was better to bor-
row it by way of a loan, than by the issue of treas-
ury notef. But still he was willing, in deference to
the opinions of his friends, that, as this policy h d
been pursued for six years, it should be pursued a
little longer. At the same time, however, he would
propose, as an amendment to it, a measure which,
if adopted by the House, would supersede all ne-
cessity for carrying on the operations of the treas-
ury by the means of treasury notes. The Gov-
ernment would then have no need to apply to the
holders of these notes to postpone their demands
for payment, and would have no need to offer them
interest to induce them to keep them in their pock-
ets. He would have preferred that his proposi-
tion should have come in, as he originally contem-
plated, in the form of a substitute to the exchequer
bill reported by the select committee of that House;
for, after all, the great object he had in view was the
adoption, not the creation (for that they all knew
to be out of the question) and nationalizing of a
currency. After the great political revolution
which took place in 1840, there was no one subject
to which the people looked with so much solicitude
as that of the currency, and which they so anx-
iously expected from the party they had placed in
powsr. The majority in Congress promptly an-
swered this universal demand, and attempted to
give to the country a sound, safe, stable, and uni-
form national currency, in the form of a good old-
fashioned bank of the United States. They failed;
and failed without any fault of their own. They
failed in consequence of the "fixed constitutional
fact" at the other end of the avenue, of which
they had heard so much. The plan that the ma-
jority then proposed, and which failed in the man-
ner stated, was the one which he should always
consider the best that could be adopted for the
country. They all knew, however, that that plan
could not be adopted under present circumstances.
Another plan had been proposed—that of the ex-
chequer; and the House had considered it at this
session, and decided against it by almost a unani-
moas vote; and he might be allowed to say that
that was a vote pronouncing condemnation as well
against the plan of the select committee, as that of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The exchequer
scheme of the gentleman from Massachusetts dif-
fered, is some unimportant particulars, from the
one of the Secretary of the Treasury; but, in his
opinion, the former was not relieved from the ob-
jections which weighed so heavily against the lat-
ter. Mr. B. then went on to compare the two pro-
jects, stating his objections to both.
We have had (said Mr. B.) the exchequer pre-
sented to us, and have discarded it by an almost
unanimous vote; and the condemnation of the plan
of the Executive was equivalent to a condem-
nation of the plan of the select committee; and be
believed that, at the present moment, it would find
no greater favor in the House. A bank of the
United States could not be had; and, in the mean
time, what were they to do? Were they to sit still
and fold their arms, and do nothing? Was there
nothing else to be done? Was there no plan which
could be devised, after rejecting both the bank of
the United States and the exchequer, of supplying
the country wtlh a safe, sound, and stable circu-
lating medium, through the operations of the Gov-
ernment? He contended that there was; and the
plan was one to which no Whig of the country,
consistently with his principles, could object.
Tho State banks had hitherto T)een resorted to,
under General Jackson's administration, with a
promise on bis part, and on the part of those vAo
stood around him, that a national currency of uni-
form value should be supplied. That plan failed,
as everybody foresaw it must fail. In the form in
which it was proposed that the State banks should
supply a national currency, the plan failed, because
there was no attempt to nationalize such a curren-
cy. It was all a currency of local banks, ard could
not circulate beyond their immediate neighbor-
hoods; and, for that reason, the plan failed. But
he contended that, through the agency of this Gov-
ernment, the currency of the State banks might be
iationalized, and made a safe, sound, uniform cur-
rency—and that, too, without a particle of risk to
the Government or to the people. If this, then,
could be done, wgs it not their duty to do it? The
effect to be produced in the prpsent condition of
the treasury was an important element in the plan
he proposed to adopt. The Government must
borrow money; it was already in debt, and had now
an amount of treasury notes outstanding, of from
eleven and a half to twelve millions of dollars,
which were already due, or soon to become due.
If they did not mean to borrow more money for
the current service of the Government, it was in-
dispensable that these treasury notes should be
kept out. The estimates and plans of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and of the Committee of
Ways and Means, all went on the ground that the
outstanding treasury notes were not to be paid at
the treasury when due. If they were to be paid
when due, then it was necessary that they should
borrow money to pay them. With the aid of five
and a half millions, (or about the sum borrowed
upon loan at the last session of Congress,) and by
keeping back the treasury notes now outstanding,
the treasury would be able to get oh during the year.
But so sure as these notes came in for redemption,
unless authority to re-issue them be given by this
bill, there must be a great deficit. At all events,
there stood the fact, that they had eleven and a half
to twelve millions of these notes outstanding; which
was discreditable to the nation, and he desired to
remedy it.
He deemed it a measure of high import, as it
furnished a currency for the country. He was of
opinion that, even if thi  treasury note bill should
be passed, it was quite possible that the treasury
might find itself in difficulties before the end of the
year; and he would take away from this Adminis-
tration the very possibility of an excuse for an ex-
tra session of Congress; and he believed his amend-
ment would accomplish that purpose.
He then detslied the plan which he proposed.
It was simple, be said, and could be comprehended
at a glance: there was no mystery about it. It was
intended to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to borrow from the Slate banks a sum of money
not exceeding 115,000,006—eleven and a half
millions of which would be required for the redemp-
tion of treasury notes; a large portion of which, he
observed in passing, was now in the hands of those
very State banks. So far, then, it was amere change
of the form of indebtedness, and a substitution of
one form of credit for another. The sum so bor-
rowed, however, was not to exceed the wants and
exigencies of the Government, and to be borrowed
from specie-paying bsnks; but in no instance more
than one-fourth of their capital; and in this way the
banks of every part of the United Stales would be
brought into use in furnishing the loan. For the
amount so borrowed, this Government would then
stamp the notes of the lending banks to the amount
borrowed from them and such notes should be
received in payment of public dues; and in case such
banks should suspend specie payments, c-ither for
these notes, or their notes generally, the Govern-
ment should be absolved frc*n all obligation to pay
io such banks the interest on their loans, which in no
case was to exceed 6 per cent, though he thought
it might be obtained at 5 per cent.
He-dwelt on the security which this bill would
provide, on the aid which it would furnish to the
treasury, and on the facilities it would extend to
commerce, by this prov sion of a concurrent circu-
lating medium; and enforced it on the attention of
the House in some general remarks.
Mr. CUSHING moved, as an amendment to the
amendment, the biJJ reported some time since by
the select committee appointed en that subject, en-
fcfjsd "A bill amendatory of the several acts es-
tablishing the Treasury Department,in which he
had made several changes, striking out one entire
