CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
von now, than with an appropriation bill, which
might stand over several days, if necessary, with-
out being affected by the delay; whereas every
hour's delay to the subject of the bankrupt law
rendered it more doubtful whether there -would be
time in both Houses to consider all the proposed
amendments of the Commit'ee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the bill would be taken
up, and acted upon forthwith; for if there was any
one bill in which the community was interested
more than another, it was this. There ought, if
possible, to be a decision at this session; it had
been already too long delayed.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped he would not be misun-
derstood as evincing any indisposition to proceed
with the bankrupt bill. He was ready, at any
time it was agreeable to the Senate, to state the
views of the Judiciary Committee. He thought,
however, there would be less interruption if an
hour or two were given to the navy appropriation
bill, so as to leave the Senate free to continue with
the bankrupt question till disposed of.
Mr. MERRICK was as anxious as any gentle-
man in the Senate to dispose of the bankrupt bill
as speedily as possible; but it appeared to him that
some courtesy was due to the chairman of the
Finance Committee, who had stated that the navy
appropriation bill would not occupy more time
than an hoar.
Mr. WALKER observed that both Houses of
the Legislature of his Slate had, in 1840, requested
their Representatives, and instructed their Senators
in Congress, to vote for a bankrupt law; in com-
pliance with which he had voted for the law of last
session. By a subsequent action of the Legisla-
ture, the instructions had been reversed, requiring
the delegation of the State in Congress to vote for
the repeal of the law of last session, or a modifica-
tion protecting the rights of creditors, and including
in the operation of the law banking incorporations.
He now gave notice that, when the subject should
be taken up, as soon as the amendments of the Ju-
diciary Committee should be disposed of, if the re-
peal bill was not adopted, he should move to make
the amendments called for by his Legislature.
Mr. SEVIER asked if the motion pending was
debatable.
The CHAIR was understood to say that a mo-
tion to postpone was debatable.
Mr. SEVIER said he owed it to the Senator
from Maine, much as he desired the bankrupt bill
to be taken up, to vote for his motion.
Mr. YOUNG proposed a compromise—to take
up the bankrupt bill, and pars it over informally
till to-morrow.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he, for one, was opposed
to any compromise on the subject.
Mr. EVANS said he was constrained to insist
on proceeding with the navy appropriation bill.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on Mr. Young's motion, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 93, nays 24.
Mr. EVANS then moved to postpone the pre-
vious orders, and take up the navy appropriation
bill; which was concurred in.
THE NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL
Was accordingly taken up as in committee of the
whole, and the amendments recommended by the
Committee on Finance were read.
The first amendment, being merely verbal, was
adopted.
The second amendment was to strike out from
the appropriation of $300,000 for clothing for the
navy, the proviso, "that the duties of the Chief of
the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing be hereafter
discharged by a captain of the navy, who shall
receive the same compensation that is allowed to
the chief of the bureau of dock yards."
Mr. EVANS explained that, in the opinion of
the committee, the captains of the navy were not
the sort of persons required to perform the duties
of,,Chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
It was a person rather of mercantile habits, ac-
quainted with business and accounts.
Mr. WOODBURY concurred; and said, if it
needs must be an appointment to be made from the
officers of the navy, it should be rather from the
pursers than the captains.
The amendment was adopted.
The third amendment was in the appropriation
for surgeons' necessaries and appliances' for the
sick and hurt of the naval service, including the
marine corps, to strike out the proviso: "That
hereafter no person shall hold the place of Chief of
the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery who shall not
have had five years of sea service."
Mr. MERRICK hoped this amendment would
not prevail.
Mr. EVANS explained that the committee had
had the subject under consideration for a long time,
and, from the mass of evidence before it, felt per-
fectly-satisfied that the proviso was inexpedient,
and that its effect would be to deprive the public
service of the most valuable officer now at the
bead of the bureau, who had done more, since his
appointment, to correct abuses and check expendi-'
tures than had ever been done in the same length
of time.
Mr. MERRICK thought the principle a good
one, of requiring the head of the bureau to have
had five years' experience at sea. On this ground
he opposed the amendment at great length.
Mr. BUCHANAN said ever since he had been
a member of that body, in all situations, and under
all circumstances, he had been opposed to legis-
lating men out of office, and particularly in cases
where the men were entirely competent to dis-
charge the duties of their offices. However much
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick]
might disavow any such intention in this case, he
(Mr. B.) would undertake to say that, from the
circumstances of the case, if this proviso should
not be stricken out, the inference throughout the
country would be irresistible. What was the na-
ture of the case? A constituent of his, (Mr. B.'s)
a physician of very high character in his profes-
sion, a man of most extensive learning, without
the slightest solicitation on his part, was brought
here and placed at the head of the medical bureau.
He never sought the office; the holding of it,
in fact, was an injury to his private in-
terests; and his determination was not to con-
tinue to hold it a single day beyond the time
when he should be enabled to complete the re-
forms which he had commenccd. It was, as he
said, at an inconvenience to himself, and from pa-
triotic motives alone, that that gentleman continued
to fill that office. And now it appeared it had been
suddenly discovered that this gentleman bad not been
at sea for five years, and consequently, according
to the opinion of the Senator from Maryland, was
not acquainted with all the diseases, epidemic and
endemic, to which seamen were liable. This was
the argument of the honorable Senator. But the gen-
tleman it appeared had been at sea for upwards of
three years, and had left that service only because
the Government desired his services in another
department.
He would forbear to go into the merits of the
question; he had no doubt the distinguished officer
who had made charges against this gentleman
believed every word he had stated; but, from
his position, he could not possibly be acquainted
with the facts. The gsntleman in question had
devoted himself to the remedying of abases in the
medical department; and, in these days of reform,
if he was to be legislated out of office, it could only
be because he had exposed those abuses.
Mr. CALHOUN ."aid he knew nothing about
the parties, even by reputation; but he was deci-
dedly averse to the system of displacing individuals
from office by legislation. It was a system which
was very likely to give rise to injustice; and if there
were no other consideration, this would be suffi-
cient to induce him to vote against sach a proviso
as that. He knew nothing of the gentleman who
was the subject of this proviso; but he could easily
imagine that, if he was indeed a reformer of
abuses, as had been represented, he would have
many enemies. There was no branch of the ser-
vice which was more liable to abuses than the med-
ical department. Upon this subject he spoke with
the light of experience, for the expenses of that de-
partment, when he went into the War Department,
he found to be as high as $100,000. And yet ii
was getting along with great difficulty. The expenses
were five times greater than they ought to be;
when they came afterwards to be reduced to
penses
and I
5,000, J
it was found that they could still be supplied with
all the comforts belonging to the medical depart-
ment.
He would not consent to give his vote in such a
way as to favor the system of displacing individu-
als from office by legislation.
Mr. CUTHBERT concurred with the Senator
from South Carolina that this sort of legislation
would operate unjustly, capriciously, and injuri-
ously, and ought not, therefore, to be counte-
nanced.
The debate on this subject was continued by
Messrs. BAYARD, MERRICK, STURGEON,
CALHOUN, WOODBURY, EVANS, and CUTH-
BERT.
The amendment was than adopted—yeas 27,
nays 7.
The fourth amendment was to strike out from
the sources of general expenses to be paid, the
words "for taxes and assessments on public prop-
erty;" which was adopted.
The amendments of the committee having
been gone through,
Mr. EVANS moved an amendment limiting the
payment of arrearages due in the medical depart-
ment to $50,000; which was adopted.
He next moved to insert an appropriation of
$6,000 for carrying into effect the joint resolution
of Congress, authorizing the establishment of two
agencies for the purchase of water-rotted hemp in
Kentucky and Missouri.
This subject was debated by Messrs. WOOD-
BURY, EVANS, CRITTENDEN, KING,
MOREHEAD, WALKER, BAYARD, and CAL-
HOUN.
Finally the proposed appropriation was limited
to $4,000; and the amendment, modified to that
sum, was adopted.
Mr. EVANS next moved a verbal amendment,
as to machinery necessary for the navy-yards; which
was adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, moved an amendment authorizing
the application of the $100,000 appropriated in the
navy appropriation bill of last session for the con-
struction of a floating or dry dock; on which con-
siderable debate arose.
Mr. HENDERSON moved as an amendment to
the amendment, an appropriation of $100,000 for
the construction of a dock at the navy-yard of
Pensacola.
Pending the question on these amendments,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 21, 1843.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave to report a Senate
bill.
Mr. BRIGGS objected.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON called for the orders
of the day.
PENSIONS.
Mr. WELLER asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state of
v Sj'on be d'Mlwged from the further consideration of bill
No. 295, heme: "An act to extend the pension taws to the soldiers
engaged in the Indian ware of the West, down to the treaty
made at Greenville, iu 1705."
Objection was made by Mr. MERIWETHER.
Mr. WELLER moved to suspend the rules; but
the motion, requiring two thirds, was not carried.
Mr. ADAMS wished to present a petition,
(Abolition,) and appealed to the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Jacob Thompson] to yield the fioor.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had refused many
gentlemen, and couid not now yield the fioor with-
our incurring the danger of losing his right to it.
THE STATE DEBTS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] to print 10,000 extra
copies of the reports of the majority and minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means against
the proposition to issue $-200,000,000 Government
stock to be distributed to the States.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi occupied the
morning hour on this subject, and principally in
defence of the course pursued by bis own State.
