§24
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rjiarned tft their, fitst Love, whither every other
Democrat would, if God' should only spare his life
to take a "sober second thought."—[Laughter.]
His colleague got back to the Democratic party.
He entered it under the Jackson banner, which he
was aniong the first to unfurl. Yes, his colleague
triumphed with that hero and statesman—his con-
stituents having pardoned him of former trans-
gressions, in consideration of his years, and of the
natural proaeness of youth to indiscretion! He
served with the Democratic parly in Congress until
1837, when, after he came to Washington, he
joined the Conservative clique; and, from that day
forward,' battled against the Democratic party. Not
joining the Federalists immediately, he stopped at
the Conservative half-way house, and there refresh-
ed himself, until that resting-place was razed to the
ground, when he went smack over to the embraces
of the Federal party. There he new is! Tiiere
he (Mr. Gf.) trusted he would ever remain ! There
he must remain, if he depended upon the Democ-
racy of old Chenango to rescue him! He (Mr.
G.) did not impeach his colleague's motives; he
only stated facts, which his colleague might ex-
plain if he thought proper. In his speech to-day,
he had sneered at the Democratic party, by calling
qne of their Governors the hero of clam-bakes, and
by denouncing the party with whom he once acted
as Locofecos and disorganizes. It had been well
remarked, that the devil could preach a good ser-
mon. Now he (Mr. G.) thought his colleague was
not a fit person to read a lecture to this Adminis-
tration on the subject of aposiacy, an4 to deal out
denuociations right and left upon it, and upon the
Democratic party ! Such lectures came with bad
grace from such an author!
Now, what was the principal ground of the gen-
tleman's complaint, and the fource of all his grief
in mourning over his fallen party? Was it that he
mourned the sacrifice of any principle which bound
his party together? Not at all: the gentleman did
not once allude to the principles of his party. It
was the loss of the spoils—the loss of power and
patronage and place that the gentleman lament
ed; and that was the loss of all lor which his par'y
•were contending. The gentleman talked about the
love of office, and the treacheiy of men in high
places; but he said nothing about the principles of
his party, nor did he utter one regret for the failure
of their measures. He (Mr. G ) was about to retire
from public life; bat he felt now as great an inter-
est in the success of his patty, and the triumph
Of their principles, as he would feel if he were to
continue in Congress. He was not surprised
at the gentleman's silence with regard to the princi-
ples of his parly; for, from what he could observe,
there was now no more of principle to govern that
party than there was in 1840. What had they
seen as the fruits of all the labors of that party,
now existing nowhere, as the gentleman was forced
to admit? The quarrel between the gentleman
and the administration he considered but as a
family quarrel. They were now disunited, but
would be soon united again, as they had the same
objects to pursue. They both wanted to establish
a paper currency for this great nation. What
was it that disunited them? Some of them went
for an exchequer, some for a bank of the United
States, and some of them were for bolstering up
the paper of the State banks by the aid of the credit
of the Federal Government. They all sought to
renovate thafsame system of paper currency, under
the evils of which the country was now suffering.
Now, he took it, that it would be in order to
glance at some of the schemes of this party, and,
among the rest, the two hundred million scheme of
the gentleman from Maryland. What was that
scheme? It was, that the Government should issue
two hundred millions of bonds, at an interest of
3 per cent., based upon the pretended sale of the
Government lands; in other words, two hundred
millions of Government paper to be put afloat,
without any adequate security for, its redemption.
What was the proposition of another gentleman of
the same side of the House? Why, that the Gov-
ernment should carry on the business of private
banking on private account, and, at the same time,
give currency to depreciated bank paper. But he
would return ba$k to this two hundred million
scheme; for he feared that all this longing after
paper money -was to end in it.
The CHAIR here called the gentleman from
New York to order for irrelevancy.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia hoped the gentle-
man might be permitted to proceed without inter-
ruption, as the other gentleman from New York
had been permitted to speak on the same subject.
The CHAIR made some observations not dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr. GORDON said that he would proceed in
order. He took the ground, that this party was not
to be intrusted with money, because of the extrava-
gant and impolitic projects they were forcing on
the House. He wished to know, before he intrust-
ed this Administration and this party with money—
(for he took it that this bill had emanated from the
majority)—before he intrusted them with money,
he wished to inquire into their system and policy
of government which, he presumed, would be as
much in order as to debate the Fan ueil Hall speech
of Mr. Webster. He wished to know if it was not
as much in order to allude to the finances of this
Government, as to what the gentleman had been
pleased to term ihe treachery of his political friends.
He wished to know whether the position taken by
a majority of that party, that it was competent for
the Government to issue this $200,000,000 of bonds
to be given to the S'ates; and be wished also to in-
quire, what relief it would be to the people. As
tbe prospect of relief from this quarter was too re-
mote, he was willing to pass it over, and inquire
what relief this exchequer was likely to afford.
The CHAIR here interrupted Mr. G., and said
that the topics he was disrussing were irrelevant to
the question before the House, and therefore out of
order.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS said he understood his col-
league as alluding to these subjects incidentally, as
illustrative of his argument.
Mr. WELLER said that the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. J. C. Clark] had been allowed to
allude to the>e subjects, and the Chair decided that
he was in order. The gentleman now on the floor,
therefore, had a right to discuss the same subjects
in reply.
The CHAIR made some reply not heard; when
Mr; WELLER appealed from his decision.
Mr. GORDON hoped the gentleman from Ohio
would withdraw the appeal, as the decision of it
would take largely from the time allotted him. [Mr.
Weller accordingly withdrew the appeal.] He
would be able to bring himself out, in order. The
gentleman gave a glowing de-cription of the temple
of the Whig party, with columns, and colonnades,
and its lofty dome; and complained that the man be-
hind tbe throne, at the olhei end of the avenue, had
exercised his great strength in tearing down
that mighty edifice. Why, it would not take a
Samson to tear down a log cabin; for even the
boys of this very city had made it their pastime
to pull down those very few models of Whig archi-
tecture that were found here. What were the col-
umns and colonnades of this mighty edifice, con-
structed and adorned, according to the glowing de-
scription of the gentleman? Why, he believed the
sign out of doors, whether the latch-string was
pulled in or not, was a cider-barrel and a coon-skin;
while the edifice it-elf was built of rough logs, with
the chinks between them stopped up with mud. It
was a temple of night re vel ry and debauch, where its
votaries drank hard cider, and gat themselves fud-
dled. But if this mighty man at the end of the
avenue, aided by the boys of the city, tore down
such a temple, he did more good than harm by the
act, and should be applauded for it. It was, to be
sure, a small business for such a mighty man to be
engaged in; though it must be admitted that he did
a better deod when he tore down the building, than
when he assisted in raising it. He believed that it
was at Faneuil Hall, and in the celebrated speech
made there, that this two hundred million project
was first broached. NoWj he should like to know
whether that project originated in this country or
in England; and whether it originated before, or
after, the visit of this mighty man to that country;
or before, or after, he got the thousand pounds for
his opinion on the subject of State credit.
If this project of the British fundholdeis was to
succeed, the Republic would be crushed. Adopt
this scheme, and the Government would be de-
stroyed, for two reasons: First, there would be a
consolidation of all the power of the States in the
Federal Government. Congress would have taken
upon itself to discharge all the obligations created
by the profligacy of the States, without the power
to restrain their extravagance- This would be
consolidation in its fullest sense, and would break
up our present form of government; for the States
would, in time, come to their senses, and would
shake off the odious burden imposed on them, by
repudiation or nullification. He took it upon him-
self to declare, that if his Slate (New York) was
to be saddled with the debts of tbe other Slates, he
would sooner go for repudiation or nullification.
He would sooner repudiate than entail on his peo-
ple debts created by the profligacy or extravagance
of others. The best way to preserve the credit of
the States, would be to preserve inviolate the faith
of the Federal Government. He should like to
know how the people were to be benefited by the
assumption of the Stale debts.
Whether war wi'th England would be a blessing
or a curse he would not undertake to say. He did
not know but it would be a blessing; for it might
arouse a spirit of patriotism, and enkindle the best
feelings of the hearts of the money-making people,
who were not unwilling to ask even a desecration,
of the Constitution itself, if thereby they could make
money. But even if a war with England would
be a blessing, the people of this country would do
no improper act to promote it; if, however, Eng-
land should espouse the canse of the Rothschilds and
the foreign bankers—of the Nicholas Biddies and
the brokers—and wiih thena should make common
cause, and wage war on our country and our Con-
stitution, Heaven knew he should wish tbe trial to
come at once, that the strength of our Constitution
and the bravery of our people might be tested. He
had said the people of this country owed an ever-
lasting debt of gratitude to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] for putting the
matter on the baa-is ou which he bad
placed it; but what was the tendency of
his argument? Why, that this Government must
necessarily assume the State debts, for it was shown
that a State might go on ad libitum, contracting what
debts she pleased, giving her bonds to foreigners
for the amount, and then this Government must be
dragged into the payment of her obligations; for
a single State had in this way the power to in-
volve this Union in a war with a foreign power,
notwithstanding the power to declare war was, by
the Constitution, placed, not with the Government
of a Slate, but with the Federal Government. Ha
would not discuss the validitj' of Mississippi bonds,
for that subject had been sufficiently discussed on
this floor. He cared not whether they were valid
or not, so far as the argument there was concerned;
but the idea that a State might contract what debts
she pleased, and that this Government must pay
them, or assume her indebtedness, was putting
this country in the power and at the mercy of a
single Sia c. Why, he would prefer consolidation
to such a state of things—he would prefer that the
State lines should be blotted out—that the whole
people of this Union, if they were to be compelled
to assume the responsibility of repayment, should
at least have a voice in the contracting of these
debts. He asked the House -what control the
State of New York, which he in part represented,
had either here or at home, in her State Legisla-
ture, or by her press, or her public meetings—or,
indeed, in any form—-over the contracting of the
debts of the States of Indiana, of Mississippi, or
of Pennsylvania. Those States contracted their
debis without consultation with New York; she
was not permitted to say a word on the subject;
and yet the modern doctrine which they heard
there was, that the pockets of the people of that
State were to be reached for the repayment and
liquidation of those debts. Now, he would appeal
to the chairman of tbis committee [Mr. Win- "
throf] as a patriet, as a statesman, and as a high-
minded man from Massachusetts, who had studied
the fathers of "the Constitution, whether this wild
scheme was ever dreamed of by those revered
framers of the charter of our liberties; and whether,
