326
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the object of the petition was provided for in the
general bill reported upon the subject.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial from citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying an increase of drawback on domestic
spirits manufactured from foreign molasses.
Also, reported back from the same committee,
without amendment, the joint resolution from the
House for the continuing of an additional clerk in
the Second Auditor's Office.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it be rejected, the bill
from the House for the relief of Seth Sweetser.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE remarked, that a few days
ago a joint resolution was reported from the Com-
mittee on the Library, for the publication of the
debates and proceedings of Congress. The same
committee had, since the resolution was reported,
considered it proper, necessary, and expedient that
the resolution should be accompanied by a report,
explaining the grounds on which the matter rested,
and showing the propriety of the publication. The
committee were anxious that the resolution should
receive the definitive action of Congress at this ses-
sion"; but should it not, unfortunately, be reached,
owing to tjae accumulation of other business, the
grounds upon which the committee acted would
be known hereafter. He then made the report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill from
the House to refund to Charles Holt a fine im-
posed on him under the sedition law, reported the
same back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it be passed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House bill for the re-
lief of Samuel Edgcombe, reported the same back,
without amendment, accompanied by a special re-
port recommending its indefinite postponement;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which had been referred
House bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William T. Smith, reported the same back,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. P., also from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill' from the House for the
relief of the legal representatives of Joseph W.
Neweombe, reported the same back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from citizens
of Manchester, St. Louis county, Missouri, pray-
ing the rights of pre-emption to certain town lots
in that place; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, presented a petition from a number of citi-
zens of Cape Girardeau, on the Mississippi river,
praying that that place may be made a port of en-
try; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
IQCrC8I
ASSUMPTION OP STATE DEBTS.
The resolutions introduced by Mr. Walker on
Monday last, were taken up and read, as follows:
Resolved, Thai the assumption of the debts 0/ the States,
contracted by tfiem separately, and for focal purposes, would be
a palpable violation of the Constitution of the United States,
a consolidation of all power in the Federal Government, and a
final and total overthrow of the safety of the States.
Resolved, That Congress having no power to assume such
debts, any act attempting such assumption would bo utterly
null and void; that it would not be obligatory upon the States,
nor could the people of tile States be lawfully required by Con-
giess to pay the debt so assumed; nor could any taxes imposed
by them for such purposes be collected; and it would be the
duty of a succeeding Congress to restore the supremacy of the
Constitution, by the entire repeal of the act of assumption.
Mr. WALKER remarked that he did not intend
to address the Senate on the subject of the resolu-
tions. He would not consume a moment ef its
time; but if it met the views of Senators on both
sides to permit a direct vote to be taken on them,
he would content himself by simply asking for the
yeas and nays on their adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. Walker reiterated the suggestion, that if
the Senate would consent to take a direct vote on
the resolutions, he would waive all right to discuss
them; but if it was the intention of any Senator,
so soon as he (Mr. W.) might take his seat, to rise,
with a view to evade a direct vote, and get clear of
them by a side vote, or move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table, he would persist in his right to
go on and discuss them then.
Mr. MOREHEAD rose for the purpose of sug-
gesting to the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Walker,] that the Senate was then very thin—too
much so to undertake to decide a great constitu-
tional question. It was certainly desirable to have
a full vote. He rose, then, not with any view of
discussing the principles of the resolutions, but lor
the purpose of suggesting to the Senator, for the
reasons urged above, to permit the resolutions to
lie on the table till to morrow, at which time they
could be taken up. In the mean time, they could
be printed. He (Mr. M.) felt some solicitude to
deliver his views on the resolutions, in very brief
terms. He was not then prepared to do so. He
hoped, therefore, the Senator would let the resolu-
tions lie on the table till to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD said he designed to move an
amendment to the resolution, which the Senator
from Mississippi would probably accept as a modi-
fication of his. He proposed to strike out all after
the word "resolved," with the view to insert the fol-
lowing:
That the Congress of the United States has no constitution-
al power to assume debts contracted by any one or more of the
States, unless for some end or purpose involving the common
defence and general welfare of the United States.
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to assume the debts of the
States, which have been contracted for mere State purposes.
Mr. WALKER said he could not consent to ac-
cept these resolutions as a substitute for his. They de-
clare only that it is inexpedient to assume those debts.;
while the object of his resolution was to assert the
great principle that Congress had no power to re-
peal the Constitution; and that, if it undertook by
law ta assume the debts of the States, such
act ot assumption, so far as it had any effect
at all, would be to attempt to repeal the Constitu-
tion; and, as such, would be useless and void, and
could never be carried into effect. That was the
great principle which he wished to assert by his
resolutions, in order to put an end to the hope
which might be entertained in this country, that
Congress would ever, or could ever, assume those
debts. And to put an end to the insolent overtures
which have been made, and the efforts which were
now being made, by the British stockholders, to
procure a guaranty of those debts by the Federal
Government, he wished to announce to them, that,
if they accomplished any temporary success at
one session of Congress, it would be of no effect.
As to this question of general welfare, as set forth
in the substitute, it was a question about which
the Democratic and Federal party had been con-
tending ever since the organization of the Gov-
ernment. Under the general-welfare clause of
the Constitution, the Federal party had always
sought a justification for whatever outrageous
measure they wished to foist upon the country.
They will continue to do it.
Mr. BAYARD, after having stated his under-
standing of the difference between the old Federal
and Democratic parties about the clause of the
Constitution alluded to, said the words used, in
the substitute he proposed, were the very words of
the Constitution; and, unless the Senator from Mis-
sissippi intended to be more constitutional than the
Constitution, he could have no objection to the
wording of the resolution. This was simply a re-
solution declaring that Congress had no right to as-
sume the debts of the States, except it be on the
grounds on which the debts of the Revolution.
were assumed—debts which were contracted by
the States for. the purposes of national defence.
Mr. WALKER said he would agree that the re-
solutions should be passed over informally, if Sen-
ators would agree that they should come up to-
morrow, at one o'clock.
The CHAIR remarked that, if they were passed
over informally, they would come up during the
morning hour, and could not come up at one
o'clock.
Mr. WALKER continued. He deemed these
resolutions of the utmost importance; for he be-
lieved, it a large vote was had in favor of them, it
would terminate the controversy about the assump-
tion of those debts; a controversy upon a subject
which was fraught with more direful consequences
to the Government, than any subject ever acted
upon by Congress. He believed, if the resolutions
met the sanction of the Senate, the conflict waged
by the foreign bond-holders to force an assumption
would be abandoned. Therefore, he would say
to Senators on the other side, (the Whig side,) that
if they would consent to let a vote be taken on the
resolutions to-morrow, he would agree to let them
be passed by informally.
Mr. BARROW was understood to say that these
resolutions could not be adopted without discus-
sion; for the doctrines of nullification embraced
in them would have to be discussed.
Mr. WALKER would be glad if the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Barrow] would show wheth-
er the doctrines of these resolutions had any re-
semblance to the doctrines of nullification, as as-
serted by South Carolina. He (Mr. W.) asserted
that it was within the power of Congress to repeal,
at any time, an act which it believed to be uncon-
stitutional; but he believed that the dectrine of
nullification, as asserted in South Carolina, was;,
that a single State could annul a law of Congress.
He wished that Senator to point out whether such
a doctrine was asserted in these resolutions. No;
no such power was asserted: but they merely as-
serted, in effect, that a subsequent Congress had the
power to repeal an unconstitutional act of a pre-
ceding Congress. They assert, secondly, that an
act to assume the State debts would be null and
void, and could not be carried into effect; and,
thirdly, that, if such an act were passed, it would
be the sacred duty of Congress to restore the Con-
stitution by its repeal. These were the principles,
and the only principles, in the resolutions. He
again asserted, that, if the Senate would agree to
take a vote on them to-morrow, at 12 o'clock, he
would consent to a postponement.
Mr. ARCHER made some remarks, with a view
to show, that if it had not been for the interference
of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] the
other day, by moving these identical resolutions,
as an amendment to the resolutions introduced
by ihe Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie,] an expression of the opinion of the
Senate could have been had on this subject, Senators
belonging to the Whig side were willing to vote
on the question as presented in the resolutioBS of
the Senator from South Carolina; and, to accom-
plish that end, he had suggested to the Senator
from South Carolina to withdraw his acceptance of
the modification for his resolutions, proposed by the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. WALKER replied that his resolutions could
not have embarrassed the Senators on the other
side, because the Senator from South Carolina
did withdraw his acceptance, and he (Mr. W.) ac-
tually withdrew his resolutions.
Some further remarks touching the subject of
the withdrawal by Mr. Walker of his resolutions
took place between Messrs. ARCHER, WALK-
ER, MERRICK, and the CHAIR; which was ter-
minated by a general acquiescence that the res-
olutions alluded to formed no bar to a direct vote
on the resolutions of the Senator from South Car-
olina on this subject.
Mr. WALKER said, as it was now admitted
that his resolutions, as introduced the other day,
did not obstruct the wishes of the Whig party to
give a direct vote on the resolutions of the Senator
from South Carolina—they not being before the
Senate when the vote was taken—he must be per-
mitted to say that it was the vote of ihe Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Archer] himself that obstruct-
ed the wishes of Ihe Whig party; because, after his
(Mr. W.'s) resolutions were withdrawn, and the
question was put on the postponement of the reso-
lutions of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie,] it was by the casting vote of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] that
these resolutions were postponed till December
next. The journals would show that it was by the
vote of that honorable Senator that an expression
of opinion of the Senate on these resolutions was
prevented; for, if he had voted against the postpone-
ment, a direct vote could have been had.
