Mr. ARCHER made some reply not distinctly
understood, with a view to maintain that the Sena-
tors on the Whig side were willing, as he had
been, to express their opinion on the subject in the
form in which it was presented by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. McDdffie ]
Mr. TALL MADGE said he did not think they
had any more time to spend on these resolutions at
this late period of the session; he, therefore, with
a view to end the whole matter, moved to lay the
resolutions on the table.
Mr. WALKER remarked that, inasmuch as it
was asserted by the Senator from New York that
ha made the motion with the view to pat an end
to the matter, he (Mr. W.) had a right to consider
it a test vote, and therefore asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question, thea, being put on the motion to
lay on the table, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 25, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messre. Archer, Barrow, Bites, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Manguni, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Smith of Indiana, Hprague, Tall-
raadge, and Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fnlton, King, Linn, MeRoberce, Smith of Connecti-
cut, Sturgeon, Tappari, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—18.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Bekton on yesterday, was taken up for considera-
tion, viz:
Resolved, That the S#crctary of the Senate bo directed to in-
clude the permanent appropriations in the list of current ap-
propriations made each session, now directed to be published by
law.
Messrs. BENTON and WOODBURY made a
few remarks, showing that, as ihe Secretary of the
Senate was now authorized to make out his report
for publication, it was almost impossible lor the
public, or even Senators, wiihout much investiga-
tion, to know what was the actual amount of appro-
priations annually made.
Mr. EVANS maintained that the Secretary of
the Senate could not comply with the terms of the
resolution. He was required by it to include in
his report of current appropriations all permanent
appropriations. He could not do it, because many
appropriations wer® made, not specific in their
character, but dependent entirely upon the action
of ihe heads of departments. The only thing that
the Secretary of the Senate could do, would be to
append to his report the conjectural estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury in the cases alluded
to. Mr. E., therefore, moved to strike out all after
the word "resol ved," and substitute the following:
That tho Secretary of tho Senate be directed to append to the
publication of current, appropriations now required by law, the
amount of standing appropriations reported by the Secretary
of the Treasury to Congress at tho commencement of each
session.
Mr. BENTON accepted the substitute, and it
was then adopted.
Mr. YOUNG made a motion for the postpone-
ment of the business of the morning hour, for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of the
bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
Messrs. EVANS and GRAHAM assured the
Senator from Illinois -that they did not wish to
retard or postpone action on that bill; but suggest-
ed to him the propriety of gentlemen first disposing
of the unfinished business of yesterday—being the
naval appropriation bill; after which, the bankrupt
bill could be taken up without opposition.
Mr. YOUNG withdrew his motion, with the
understanding that the bankrupt bill would come
up so soon as the naval bill was disposed of.
Mr. EVANS then moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BATES said that there had be«n barely an
impression made on the calendar of private claims.
He sugges'ei that the morning hour should not be
wasted in idle debate, but that they should devote
the remainder of the morning hour to the private
calendar.
The question was then taken on the motion to
resume the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill, and decided in the affirmative.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The unfinished business was then proceeded
with—being the further consideration of the navy
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appropriation bill, as in committee of the whole;
the question pending being on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Evans to the amendment submitted
by Mr. Williams, in relation to the sum of $100,-
000 authorized by the navy appropriation bill of
last session, to be expended on the dry-dock at
Brooklyn, New York; in which a discretionary
power was given to the Secretary of the Navy to
apply that sum, or part of it, to the construction of
a floating dry-dock.
The amendment of Mr. Williams was, in sub-
stance, to authorize, by reappropriation, the Secre-
tary of the Navy to expead the §100,000 alluded
to, with outstanding balances of former appropria-
tions, on the construction of a floating dry-dock at
New York, in conformity with the plan approved
of by the commissioners appointed by him
to investigate the subject last fall; to which
Mr. Evans moved an amendment, that the
expenditure should be upon such plan as,
upon a re examination of the subject, may
be approved by the Secretaty of the Navy,
provided that such floating dry-dock—of suf-
ficient capacity to raise a ship of the line, if one of
that size be deemed expedient by the Secretary—
shall be contracted to be built by persons of suf-
ficient responsibility, for a sum not exceeding
$200,000; and one of a sufficient capacity to raise
a frigate of the first class—if one of that size be
deemed sufficient for the service of the navy—shall
be contracted to be built for the service, not ex-
ceeding the sum of $125,000; and whenever it may
be contracted for and agreed upon, thesnm agreed
to be paid therefor shall not be paid until the dock
is satisfactorily tested by the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. WILLIAMS explained, at some length, the
reasons which had induced him to believe that the
plan approved of by the commissioners should be
adhered to.
Mr. EVANS contended that there was a great
diversity of opinion with regard to the preference
that should be given either to that plan, or the plan
of the sectional floating dock. His own mind was
made up, from the mass of evidence before him,
that the weight of testimony was in favor of the
latter. It was, therefore, with a view of enabling
the Secretary of the Navy to reconsider the whole
subject, and to take into view the contingency that
it might be desirable to contract for one capable of
raising a ship of the line, that he had shaped his
amendment, and specified the limitation of cost.
Mr. WILLIAMS maintained that th« commis-
sioners were competent judges, and had given the
subject a thorough examination. The result of
their mature deliberation was the recommendation
they had made. He therefore gave it the prefer-
ence.
Mr. BAYARD observed that, not only on that
point, but as to the necessity of a floating dock at
all, there was a difference of opinion among the
members of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HENDERSON explained that his intention
(as expressed yesterday) was, in case any appro-
priation should be made for the dry-dock at Brook-
lyn, to as.k for a similar appropriation for Pensaco-
la. Now, if, according to the amendment of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Evahs,] a quarter of a
million of dollars were to be expended on a float-
ing dry-dock at New York for ships-of-war of the
largest cla.-s—which, being few, might be accommo-
dated more advantageously in the stone-wall docks
already constructed—he asked, would it not be bet-
ter to make two floating dry-docks, each capable of
raising a frigate—one of which might be placed at
New York, and the other at Pensacola—each cost-
ing only §100,000?
Mr. PHELPS preferred leaving the subject just
as it was left by the appropriation bill of the last
session—at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Navy to apply the money then authorized either
to the dry-dock at Brooklyn, or a floating dock, as
most needed by ihe service.
Mr. BAYARD said this subject had been con-
stantly and urgently pressed upon members of Con-
gress. They had been importuned without mercy
by those who were interested in the matter. For
himself, he had been importuned almost to death.
The subject had been pressed upon him, upon Con-
327
gress, and upon the country, in every variety of
shape. The press had teemed with it, and bad
been probably paid for its exertions.
At the last session of Congress, $100,000 had
been appropriated for the erection of a permanent
dry dock at Brooklyn; and a clause was inserted,
that if the Secretary of the Navy, after making
the necessary examination, should decide such a
dock to be preferable in every point of view, he
might apply the money to the construction of a
floating dock. The Secretary appointed a board
of commissioners, consisting of three competent
gentlemen, to make the necessary examination.
This commission did not report in favor of a float-
ing dock, except as auxiliary to a permanent stone
dock. It reported that a floating dock could not
supersede a permanent dock; and, under certain
circumstances, no floating dock would be necessary
at all. He read from the report of the commis-
sioners the opinion, that a permanent dry-dock at
Brooklyn would be sufficient for the repairs of all
ships coming into New York harbor. Only in
cases of sudden emergency would a floating dock
be necessary. But at Pensacola, it was thought, a.
floating dock, sufficient to raise a sloop-of-war,
might be both convenient and necessary. It would
enable our vessels in the Gulf to remain there to
protect our commerce, longer than they now do;
as they have to leave very often for the dry-docks
at Charleston and Gosport, to undergo the slightest
rspairs.
The report of these commissioners had been
seized upon by the friends of a floating dock, as
conclusive that such alone was the proper one to
be erected. But the report itself arrived at no
such conclusion. A floating dock for repairs, as
was the case with the Vincennes, might be found
very convenient; but it could not, and would not,
answer for rebuilding. This was the conclusion
of tha commissioners, endorsed by the Secretary of
the Navy. All the Secretary asked for was an ap-
propriation to erect a floating dock to be stationed
at Pensacola, and to institute further inquiry and
examination as to the relative merits of the dry and
the floating docks in question.
He thought the Government, under the existing
state of its finances, ought to employ the floating
docks already erected for the benefit of com-
merce, and pay them as the owners of merchant
ship do—by the ton. The Vincennes, one of our
Government ships of twenty guns, had been repair-
ed in one of these docks, and others might be; why,
then, go to the expense of erecting a floating dock
at Brooklyn at this time? He read several pas-
sages from the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
to show that he asked only for an appropriation,
at present, to erect the proposed floating dock at
Pensacola, and to make further inquiry as to the
merits of the two systems, now agitated, of con-
structing these docks.
The debate on this point was continued by
Messrs. GRAHAM, CALHOUN, BAYARD,
MILLER, CHOATE, WOODBURY, CONRAD,
EVANS, HENDERSON, and CUTHBERT;
and the yeas and nays being demanded by Mr.
EVANS on his amendment, they were ordered; and
it was rejected—yeas 10, nays 26.
Mr. GRAHAM now submitted the following
amendment to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Williams:]
To substitute for it: "That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed not to apply or expend any part of the appropriation
of $100,000 mentioned in the ninth clause of an act of Congress,
approved on the 4th day of August, 1842, $ making appropria-
tions for the naval service;' nor the unexpended" balances of
former appropriations mentioned in said act, for the construc-
tion of a floating dock at Brooklyn, or in the harbor of New
York; and this shall not be understood as reviving or confer-
ring any authority thereby to proceed with the construction of
a dry dock m said harbor, the making of which was provision-
ally suspended by the said ninth clause of the said act; but the
said sum of $100,000 appropriated, as above mentiwned, shall
be applicable to the construction of a floating dock at Pensa-
cola, of the capacity for the lepair of frigates of the smaller
class, and upon such plan as the Secretary of the Navy shall
approve."
A long discussion ensued on this amendment, in
the course of which it was maintained by Messrs.
WALKER, CALHOUN, ALLEN, and WOOD-
BURY, that if an experiment was to be tried either
between two plans of a floating dock, or between
a floating dock and a stone-wall dock, with a view
of testing whether the floating dock would supersede
