330
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be reduced one-half; and he proceeded to advocate
his motion for retrenchment.
Mr. R. addressed the House for some time on
his motion; bat
The CAHIR arrested his remarks, saying that
the motion was not in order; and, therefore, there
was no question before the committee.
After some further remarks from Mr. REY-
NOLDS, the bill was laid aside, to be reported.
On motion by Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS, the bill
authorizing the examination and survey of the
harbor of Memphis, Tennessee, was considered;
and no amendment being offered thereto, it was
laid aside, to be reported.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the committee
next took up the bill making appropriations for
the improvement ©f certain harbors and rivers,
and for continuing the Cumberland road, and for
other purposes; and the bill having been read,
Mr. GRAHAM moved to strike out the first
section of the bill. Unless this Government had
made up its mmd to contract a debt as large as that
of Great Britain, Mr. G. said it seemed to him
that it was time to stop these enormous appropria-
tions for such objects as were contained in the bill.
Here they were without credit, without the ability
to carry on the Government, except by borrowing
and with little ability to borrow; and yet they were
ealled on to go all round the United States, giving
a bonus to every section, and to pass a bill whicn
would involve the Government in debt for many
years to come—and that, too, at a time when they
could not pay the current expenses for one year.
It appeared to hirn that, if gentlemen would re-
flect, they would see the impropriety of such a
course of extravagance. They could not tell
whether tbe tariff' would produce ten, fifteen, or
twenty millions, and some thought that it would not
yield ten millions.
It would seem to him, therefore, that to make
such appropriations at a time like this, would be a
species of improvidence that no man could justify.
As his object was to defeat the bill, he had made
the motion to strike out the first section.
The CHAIR said that the motion of the gentle-
man was in order; but it would not reach the ob-
ject he had in view, .inasmuch as, before putting
that question, (the bill having but that one sec-
tion,) it would be in order for gentlemen to otfer
amendments to make it more perfect.
Mr. ADAMS suggested that the proper motion
for the gentleman to make would be, that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill, with a lecommenda-
tion that it bo rejected.
Mr. GRAHAM accordingly withdrew his mo-
tion, and moved that the committer rise, and report
the bill to the House, with a recommendation that
it be rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE objected, that the motion was
not in order; but
The CHAIR overruled the objection.
Mr. BARNARD then addressed the committee
at length m favor of the bill.
Mr. FILLMORE addressed the committee in
favor of the bill, and concluded by moving that the
committee rise.
The committee then rose, and reported the bills
to the House on which the committee had acted,
and the progress 011 the harbors and rivers bill.
The navy pension bill was then ordered to be
engrossed, and was read a third time, and passed.
The bill making appropriations to fulfil treaties
with Indian tribes was next taken up; and, after
some discussion, in which Messrs. CAVE JOHN-
SON, J. C. EDWARDS, and others took part, it
was ordered to be engrossed; and was read a third
time, and passed.
The fortification appropriation bill, the bill au-
thorizing the examination and survey of tbe harbor
of Memphis, Tennessee, and the other bills acted
upon in committee, were disposed of in like
manner.
On the motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the amend-
ments of the House to the army bill were insisted
upon, and a committee of conference appointed to
meet a like committee of the Senate.
Several bills from the Senate were read' twice,
and committed. They were:
A bill for the relief of John Hutchinson.
A bill to indemnify Major General Andrew
Jackson.
A bill granting a pension to Wm. McPherson.
A variety of executive communications were
then presented to the House; amongst which was a
reply to resolutions of this House in relation to the
capture of Monterey by Captain Jones, who has
been recalled for that act. Also, copies of the cor-
respondence which has taken place between the
consul of the United States at Tangier and the
Government of Morocco.
On the motion of Mr. HUNT, 2,500 copies of
the individual report of Mr. ATOaiaa, a member of
the committee on the coast survey, wera ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CHAPMAN reported a bill from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, the title of which was not
heard.
Mr. J. C. CAMPBELL appealed to the House
to take up bill No. 649—being his bill to suspend
the districting section of the apportionment bill;
but, on a motion to that effect,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 23, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the State Department,
transmitting further returns in relation to the
operations of the bankrupt law, in compli-
ance with the resolution of the Senate of Decem-
ber, 1842; which was, on motion by Mr. HUNT-
INGTON, laid on the table.
Also, presented a communication from the State
Department, transmitting statements showing the
number and description of passengers who have
arrived from foreign countries in each collection
district of the United States in each quarter, during
the year, according to the returns made to that
department by the collectors; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr, STURGEON presented two memorials from
the Philadelphia Anti-Slavery Society;—one asking
for such amendment of th? Constitution and laws
of the United States as will put an end to slavery
in the District of Columbia; and the other against
the admission of Texas and Florida, as States, into
the Union.
The question of the reception of these memorials
was on motion by Mr. GRAHAM, laid on the
table.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of Alabama, asking for
the passage of a law authorizing the bills of the
Bank of the State of Alabama to be received in
payment (eqttal to the amount of the 9 per cent,
fund bslonging to that Slate, not ypt paid over to
her) for the public lands sold in that State, reported
a bill relating to the mode of payment of the
two per cent, relinquished to the State of Alaba-
ma; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. SMITH also, from the same committee, re-
ported back, without amendment, Senate bill ma-
king donations of land in several States for the
education of the deaf and dumb, and blind, and
for the relief of insane persons.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committeecn Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they do pass, the bill from
the House for the relief of Robert T. Spence;
The bili for the relief of Samuel Weller; and
The bill for the relief of John Hodgkin.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it be rejected, the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Lieut. T. W. Smith.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Pittsburg, praying an ap-
propriation for the erection of a marine hospital
at or near that place; on the ground that the com-
mittee was opposed to tbe prayer of the memo-
rial.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed, the bill from the House, entitled An act
for the erection of a marine hospital at Key West,
in the Territory of Florida.
Alio reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, the bill from the
House for the relief of Robert P. Norris.
Also reported back, from the same committee,
with an amendment, House bill entitled An act to
amend an act making an appropriation for the
erection of a marine hospital at or near Ocracoke,
North Carolina.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the pre-
vious orders were postponed, and the above bill
was lakenup.as in committee of the whole.
Mr. H. explained the nature of the amendment.
It was then adopted, and the bill was reported to
the Senate; and, according to order, was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. H., from the Committee on Commerce, report-
ed a bill making an appropriation for continuing im-
provements in the navigation of the river Thames,
in the Stale of Connecticut; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. H., from the same committee, to which
had been recommittsd the House bill entitled
An act to reduce the number and compensa-
tion of the officers and other persons employed in
the port of New York, reported the same back,
with an amendment, staking out the whole bill,and
substituting another for it, providing that the whole
amount of compensation, in the collection of the
revenue at that place, shall be reduced so as not to
exceed §388,500.
Mr. H., from the same committee, to which was
referred, some time since, so much of the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
memorials of the Chambers of Commerce and
Boards of Trade of the several States in favor of
the adoption of the warehousing system, made a
report, accompanied by a resolution asserting that
it is inexpedient, at the present session of Congress,
to establish the warehousing system; and recom-
mending that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. H. said the report and resolution were the
act of a majority of the committee; and the other
members of the committee who were friendly to
the system, and who differed from them as to the
expediency of its adoption, would present their
views in a separate report. He wished merely to
remark that the main object ef the committee was
to examine, somewhat at large, what was called the
incidental liberal warehousing system, to which
the committee does not agree. They believed that
it was inexpedient, at this session, to legislate upon
the subject. He would not, then, say that, at
some other time, a system might not be proper. A
majority of the committee, in considering it in a
financial point of view, concurred in the opinion
that such a system would take from the revenue,
during the calendar year, from three to four and a
half millions of dollars. The estimate of the net
revenue from the port of New York alone, was
about eight millions. The effect of the system,
then, would be to reduce it to five or six millions.
The committee, therefore, in the present condition
of the finances, could not recommend the system
prayed tor in the memorials.
Mr. KING said, being on the Committee of
Commerce, to which the subject of the warehousing
system had been referred for examination, and, en-
tertaining views different from those of a majority
of the committee, the Senator from New York [Mr.
Wright] and himself believing that a properly reg-
ulated warehousing system would be greatly advan-
tageous to the commeicial and shipping interests of
the country, had prepared their views in the form
of a minority report, to go out to the country with
the report of the majority. They conceived it due
to the country and to themselves that they should
take this ceurse, as it was a subject of great im-
portance. It was proper that they should do so,
that the attention of those who were particularly
interested should be directed to it. In regard to the
financial point involved in this system, he would
only say, that when this subject was proposed to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, he had
opposed the motion, believing that it involved a
