CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3$1
very important financial question; but the Senate
took a different view of it, and referred it to the
Committee oa Commerce, as a commercial ques-
tion. The members of the committee took it up
only in a commercial point of view, and had pre-
sented their views for the country. He hoped that
the report of the minority would be received, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that the Sena-
tor from Alabama had stated the general impor-
tance of the subject of the warehouaug system;
and it was not necessary for him, therefore, to
dwell upon it. It was a subject which had come
up there from the boards of trade, and those interest-
ed in it particularly, and was new. It was im-
portant, therefore, that the attention of the public
generally should be called to it. The importation
of the subject to the mercantile and navigating
interests had been examined in both the reports,
and cotamended to the attention of the country.
He hoped, tbeiefore, both reports would be printed.
When he (Mr. H.) had spoken of the financial ef-
fect of such a system, he spoke of it as one of the
reasons for the postponement, and not the only one
which they had. He moved, therefore, that the
reports be laid on the table, and be printed; and at
any time thereafter they could be taken up, if de-
sired, by any Senator.
Mr. WOODBURY observed that be differed en-
tirely from the views expressed by the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce. He thought that
the present, rather than any future time, was the
most imperative for efficient action concerning a
liberal warehousing ;.ystem. He rel'erred to one
connected with re-exportation by land, as well as
by sea, to foreign countries. The report which had
heretofore been made against the latter, he did not
then discnss; because the matter might be exam-
ined and provided for when the subject of ware-
housing and exporting meichandise generally
came under consideration. Now was the most de-
sirable moment to legislate, lor two reasons: 1st.
The commercial interests being much depressed,
would, by this system, obtain relief from paying
cash duties, and laying long out of their money, on
goods not consumed in the country. Until the
warehousing system is established, the merchants
are now unnecessarily subjected to this inconve-
nience and loss; and thus we tax commerce and
navigation, rather than consumption, until the laws
are changed.
In the next place, by introducing this system, im-
ports will at once increase, and additional employ-
ment, so very desirable, be at once given to our
depressed navigation. Would we neglect longer,
or refuse to permit this encouragement to so im-
portant an interest, and an encouragement needed
so urgently?
It had been intimated by the chairman, that the
finances might suffer much by such a course the
present year. Mr. W. could not concur in this
opinion.
Whatever had been said on this subject by the
collector of New York, or the present head of the
Treasury Department, it was manifest that few
goods, now in the country, would go into ware-
houses. Our merchants, under existing laws, are
shrewd enough not to import many more goods
than are wanted for early consumption. They are
unwilling to lie out of the cost, dunes, and interest,
any considerable time.
The additional imports, under such a system,
would not be brought into the country without it,
till needed for immediate use. How, then, would
the revenue suffer?
But, on the other hand, a liberal warehousing
system might be guarded well against frauds;
would relieve the commercial and navigating in-
terests in both the particulars before named, and
make our seaports depots for the West Indies
and South America, and encourage the sale here
for these regions of many more even of our manu-
factures to make up assorted cargoes desirable
there. Extended, likewise, to liberal reexports by
land; our whole interior commerce, our canals,
railroads, lake, and river navigation would all be
greatly advanced.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, that, as to the re-
mark of the Senator from New Hampshire that
it would not affect the revenue, he would only say
that he still entertained the opinion he before ex-
pressed, (which was the opinion of seven-eighths
of all the officers of the customs who had been ad-
dressed upon the subject,) that it would seriously
affect the revenue. The reason of its so doing
was, because there was now a year's supply of
goods in the country more than the people wanted.
As to its effect on the navigating interest, all he
wished to say, was, that there were two sides to
that question. It did not follow that, if Congress
adopted the warehousing system, it would give
more employment to the navigating interest, so
long as there was not proper reciprocity in trade.
If it would have any effect at all to give more em-
ployment to the shipping interests, it would give
employment to foreign shipping, under our present
commercial regulations. With regard to allowing
a drawback on goods re-exported, as well by s>ea
as by land, he said that that subject had already
been disposed of.
Mr. WOODBURY said that his only object was
to request the gentlemen on the committee friendly
to the warehousing system, to call up this report;
and, by some amendment, or some new measure,
obtain, if possible, an early and favorable decision,
before Congress adjourns. It was the delay that
he deprecated. He did not feel justified in going
into the merits of the subject farther at the present
moment. But he must add, that the idea from the
chairman, that a year's extra supply of goods had
been brought into the country, was very s'range—
passing sirange—when the whole imports of all
kinds for the last two quarters were less than thirty
millions of dollars; hardly half the ordinary amount
during the ten years past.
The reports were then ordered to lie on the ta-
bic, and be printed.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Ilcsulved, That the President be requested to cause to bo laid
iiotbio the Senate, at the commencement ol the next session of
Congress, a complete catalogue of all books, (records and pub-
lic documents excepted,) atlases, mapB, and files of public
journals and newspapers belonging to the Government, m the
"State, Treasury, War, Navy, and Tost Office Departments, or
in the bureaus or offices of such depai tments, and in the office
ot the Attorney General; the whole to be propeily arranged and
designated under their appropriate beads, by titles, subjects,
datea, and languages, after the manner ol the catalogue of the
hbiary of Congress; and the catalogues from each of the de-
partments to be made out separately, and each giving the par-
ticular bureau or oil ice in winch such books, atlases, maps,
and files aie kept.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred House bill
amendatory of the act establishing the branch mint
at Dahlonega, Georgia, and defining the duties of
the assayer and coiner, reported the same back,
with an amendment, applying the provisions of the
bill to the branch mint at Charlotte, North Caro-
lina.
Oo motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the above bill was taken
up, as in committee of the whole; and, after some
explanation by Mr. B., the amendment of the
committee was agreed to, and the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and finally pa?sed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON made an ineffectual ef-
fort to have taken up, and considered, the bill re-
ducing the salary of the collector of the port of
Camden, New Jersey.
Mr. BUCHANAN, on leave, introduced a bill
to provide for holding a court at Williamsport, in
the western district of Pennsylvania; which was
twice read, and referred to the Judiciary Commit,
tee.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, at a subsequent part of this day's proceed-
ings, reported the above bill back; without amend-
ment; and
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed for the purpose,
and the bill was taken up, as in committee of the
whole, considered, reported to the Senate, and
finally passed.
RIGHT OF SEARCH—THE CONSTRUCTION
OP THE ASHBURTON TREATY.
Mr. ARCHER rose and said it would be in the
recollection of the Senate, that the Senator from
Missouri gave notice last evening of an inquiry
which he desired to make to-day, founded upon
the lecent speech of Sir Robert Peel, in reference
to the construction put upon the late treaty. Des-
patches had since been received from our minister
in London, a portion of which related to this
topic. He read that portion of the despatch,
that the Senator from Missouri might be the
better enabled to frame his inquiry.
Mr. A. read as follows:
Extract of a despatch from Mr. Everett to Mr. Webster,
dated London, February 3,1813.
"Parliament was opened by commission yesterday. The
Queen's speech, and the very interesting debates upon the ad-
dresses in the two Houses, will be found in the papers of to-day,
which accompany this despatch. I attended the debate in the
House of Commons. You can judge of the surprise with
which I listened to the remarks of Sir Robert Peel on the al-
leged fact that Lord Aberdeen's letter to me of the 20th of De-
cember, 1841, remained to this day "unacknowledged and unan-
swered." It was acknowledged by me in a note dated two
days afterwards, <23d December, 1841,) which, however unim-
portant, was transmitted to Mr. Fox by Lord Aberdeen, and
afterwards communicated to Parliament, and printed.
"In this note of acknowledgment, I infoimed Lord Aberdeen
that I should avail myself of an early opportunity of making
some remarks on the veiy important topics treated in this letter.
I pursued this course of an immediate acknowledgment of the
receipt of Lord Aberdeen's note, with notice of a purpese of
leplymg, m due season, to its contents; because, being just
arrived at my post, I had r.ot received the instructions which
you had informed mc I might soon expect on iliis topic, and
which, as Lord Aberdeen's note modified the ground and dis-
claimed the language of his predecessor, it was my duty to
await. Such instructions I should no doubt, in due time, have
received; but, on the ^7th of December, Lord Aberdeen inform-
ed me th<tt the special mission had been determined on; that
Ltu.l Ashbarton would go to America, with full power to settle
every point m discussion, including what was called the light
ol search, which he deemed the most difficult; and expressed
the opinion that it would be hardly worth while for us to con-
tinue the correspondence on matteis in dispute between tho
two countries; and though he was willing to consider and re-
ply to any statement I might thxnk proper to make on any
subject pending the negotiation (hat might take place at Wash-
ington, he supp'osed no benefit would result from a simultaneous
discussion here.
"Such wore Lord Aberdeen's observations, as reported by me
in my despatch of December 31.
''The negotiation took place; and a mode ot dealing with and
settling the question was happily agreed upon, which made it
unnecessary to resume the discussion, so long continued, upon
the subject. In fact, from the moment the special mission was
announced, I considei cd the discussion as at an end; and as little
likely to be resumed, in reference to search and visitation, as
the boundary or the "Caroline."
He merely desired to say to the Senator from
Missouri, that he was now prepared to go into
any explanation which the Senator might desire, of
the views of this Government in relation to this
matter. The honorable Senator, hewever, would
understand, that he was not pressing him for the
motion; the Senator would, of course, choose his
own time for making it.
Mr. BENTON said he was quite prepared with
his inquiry. It was already "cut and dried."
Mr. ARCHER. I know that is the habit of
the honorable Senator.
The bill making appropriation for the naval
service for the half calendar year of 1843, and the
fiscal year of 1844, having been engrossed, was
read the third time and passed; and the question
now being on the adoption of the title to the bill,
Mr. BENTON rose and moved to recommit the
bill, with instructions to strike out so much of the
appropriations as related to the African squadron.
The CHAIR remarked that the bill was now
passed, and- the question was merely on the title;
and it would, therefore, be necessary to reconsider
the vote on the passage of the bill before the mo-
tion to recommit could be considered.
The motion was then made to reconsider, and
carried in the affirmative; when
Mr. BENTON remarked that the point of in-
quiry was, whether the Government of the United
States had received any intimation of a different
construction having been put upon the treaty by
Great Britain in relation to the right of visit, from
that given to it by this Government? As to wheth-
er the despatch of Lord Aberdeen had been replied
to or not, although it might be a point of some
moment between the parties concerned, it was not,
however, the point to which he directed his inquiry.
There did not appear to be, in the despatch of the
American minister from London, (from which Mr.
B. here read an extract,) a single word upon the
subject of the construction given to the treaty by
the British Government in reference to the right of
visitation and search. This was the peint of in-
quiry which he desired to make.
Mr. ARCHER observed that, as the honorable
, Senator had signified his intention to make an in-
