332
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quiry, without anticipating the nature of that in-
quiry, and, inasmuch as a despatch had been since
received, he (Mr. A ) deemed it bat fair and prop-
er that the attention of the Senator should be called
to that despatch, that he might be the better able to
shape his inquiry.
Mr. BENTON said, perhaps the gentleman
would go a step farther, and tell him at what time
the Government of the United States would favor
them with an answer to the inquiry. If the gen-
tleman would do this, he wouid confer an addition-
al obligation.
Mr. ARCHER requested the honorable Sena-
tor distinctly to repeat his inquiry.
Mr. BENTON said he would read from an Eng-
lish newspaper published at Liverpool, an extract,
purporting to be a speech of Sir Robert Peel, in
.which it was declared that there was no relinquish-
ment, in his opinion, of the right of visitation of
American ships upon the coart of Africa; that the
late treaty conceded nothing upon this point; ana
that Great Britain wouid adhere io the principle
which she had assumed in leference to that sub-
ject.
Mr. ARCHER said the honorable Senator from
Missouri would recoiled that it had not been as-
sumed by the Executive of the United States, in
the message communicating the treaty to the Sen-
ate at the last session ot Congas, that (Sreat Brit-
ian had renounced ber right of visitation. As to
the right of seatch, thai had been renounced,
according to the distinct declaration of Lord Ab-
erdeen.
[Mr. A. read from the President's message.]
He asked the particular attention of the Scaator
to the passage. And he asked the honorable Sen-
ator how he could affect to suppose that it was
ever contemplated, on the part ot the executive
Government of the United States, that there had
been any renouncement of the r>ght of visitation
on the part of the British Government? How was
that gentleman, with the message of the President
before him, authorized to suppose that there had
ever been any such expression on the part of this
Government, or of renunciation on the part of the
British? Not only was this never contemplated, or
asserted upon the formation of the treaty, but it
was expressly stated, in more than one part of the
message, that the keeping of a squadron upon the
coast of Africa was, of itself, to put an end to tho
occasion for the right of visitation. It was not possi-
ble to obtain t'lom either party a direct and ex-
plicit renunciation of ihi> right; and it was not
considered ad visa Me, in such case, that the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales, (which, as well as the
British negotiator, had earnestly at heart to adjust,
as far as practicable, ail the poiats in dispute,) be-
cause they could not come to an arrangement
which would be absolutely satisfactory upon this
point, should, as the Senator seemed to imply by
his remarks, not attempt to do anything. A re-
nunciation of the right of visit not having been ob-
tained, it was thought advisable to obtain what
was considered the next best thing. And, accord-
ingly, an arrangement was made which tended to
remove the necessity for the exercise of that right.
We had as many as 80 guns dispersed in small
vessel* upon the coast of Africa; and he put it to
the Senator from Missouri to say whether there
was a probability that there would be any occasion
for the exercise of that right, A1 hough Great
Britain might be unwilling to abandon the right;
although we could not extinguish the claim of
Great Britain to the risjht of visitation, the exer-
cise of which was so obnoxious to us—it was highly
improbable that any orcasion would ar:<=e between
the two Governments for the exercise of the right
of visit, or for any collision upon that ?ubject.
It was, he thought, a question for the considera-
tion, not of this Government only, but of the peo-
ple of the United States, how far we should draw the
line ofdistinction between the rigbl of visitation, and
the right of search, which the British Government
had disclaimed; how far the line of disiinction
should be drawn, under the principles of interna-
tional law. He supposed the Sena'or from Mis-
souri would agree with him that, whilst we claimed
exemption for all vessels sailing under our flag, it
was not unreasonable on the part of the British
Government to require that we should give some
sort of security against the abuse of that flag. We
had not, as many gentlemen supposed, followed in
the footsteps of Great Britain in reference to this
matter; but we had gone pari passu with her. It
was to the signal honor of this Government that it
had been the first to put the brand of piracy upon
the slave-trade, and had been the means cf causing
the Government of that country to put the brand
of piracy upon it. Suppose one of our own ves-
sels, deputed to carry out our own policy, had seen
at a port in Cuba, or elsewhere, a vessel. destined
for the slave traffic—suppose our cruiser meets this
vessel at sea, and she runs up the flag of some
other nation: wou'd the honorable Senator contend
that we had no right to make some isquiry as to
tho real stats of the case? Was it not reasonable,
therefore, that we should afford some means of as-
certaining whether a vessel, purporting to be Amer-
ican, was so in reality? It was true that the Amer-
ican flag ought to protect every spot over which it
was raised; but he would tell the honorable Sena-
tor it thouid be really the American flag, and not a
counterfeit,
He cou'd inform the Senator that complaints
had been brought to the State Department of the
interference of our cruisers with vessels suspected
of being engaged in the slave trade, the papers of
which vessels actually showed that they had been so
engaged; and, if he was rightly informed, more
than one investigation was now on foot in refer-
ence to such vessels.
He made these observations merely to show
that, whilst it is true that ns renunciation had been
made on the part of the British Government in re-
gaid to the right of visitation, yet inasmuch as ihe
conflicting claims of the two Governments were
cf such a naiure as from necessity to render them
extremely difficult of adjustment, it was a high
Merit on ihe part of the Government of the United
Stntei;, that, finding itself unable to come to any
satisfactory adjustment with the British negotiator,
they had done the next best thing to put an end to
all pretensions on the part of the British for resorts
ing again to the exercbe of that right. He thought
that, in doing this, the Government had acted wise-
ly, and that it d< served the commendation of the
country.
Mr, BENTON observed, that the extract read
from his place by the chairmain of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Archer,] only referred to a
subordinate point of Sir Robert Peel's letter—that
ot the nrglect to answer Lord Ashburton's despatch
ot December, 1841. The extract read, only referred
to that point; while his inquiry was wholly di-
rected to the question of difference or no difference
on the essential poiut of the meaning of the treaty.
Sir Robert Peel declares that difference, and pro-
fesses himself doubly pained to say that the Presi-
dent'^ message is not correct. He says the right
of visitation is not given up—that England will
not concede it: the President, in his message of last
December, informs Ihe two Houses that search,
vihit, and visitation, are all obviated by the treaty;
and congratulates the country upon it This is the
point of difference between the two Governments;
and it is vital! It is a question of treaty or no
trcaiy! For, if the parties mibumlen.tand it on ibis
great point, there is, an end of concord, and dissen-
sion must immediate) y rise.
The Senator from Virginia read from the Presi-
dent's message of August last. Sir Robert Peel
was remarking up^n the message of December
last; and that mrssage s-hows the difference which
the British minister announces. The President,
in that message, state", the mischief, to wit: that
our vessels had b<*en subjected to visitation (as
the British called is) in the African seas; that this
visitation was only searoh in different words, and
in a new form; and then refers to the treaty as put-
ting an end to all pretence for this practice, call it
what you may, in time to come. The evil of this
visitation is, then, according to the President, now
terminated. According to Sir Robert Peel, it is
rtot terminated. And here is the difference—and
a serious one.
Mr. B. would not go into the ques-tion of right
or wrong, or extend ifee basis of the discussion, by
opening questions of maritime rights. He wohU
confine himself to the question he had made—that
of a difference in the meaning of the treaty. If
there is a difference, it is necessary to understand
it, and to settle it. It must be settled; and the
sooner the bstler. The declaration of the British
minister declares a difference; and that is a point
on which each Government judges for itself. They
have no common superior to judge between them.
The declaration of a difference makes a difference;
and it is immaterial, so far as consequences are
concerned, which is right, or which is wrong. Ia
all national, as in all individual disputes, one party
must be in the wrong; but that does not prevent a
fight or a war. The party ia the wrong may fight;
and from the formal manner in which the British
minister has stated this difference, it is very clear
that he intends that our vessels shall be searched
in the African seas hereafter, just as heretofore.
What then? Shall our Government go on blind-
fold with the treaty, until the case occurs—until
an American vessel is searched by a British
cruiser, and then negotiate, or fight? Shall the
Government do this—and it is the fate of weakness
to wait for events, instead of guiding them—or
shall it stop,andclearupthe differenceatonce? He
(Mr. B ) was in favor of stopping all action under
this clause of the treaty, until the two Govern-
ments agreed as to its meaning.
Mr. B. said here was an exemplification of the
mischiefs of negotiating treaties without protocols.
There is not a word in the correspondence between
Mr. Webster and Lord Ashburton as to the origin,
progress, or formation of the articles for the squad-
ron. The British minister's name does not appear
in connexion with the subject, until it appears in the
treaty; and no light can be thrown upon ihe mean-
ing of ihe treaty, from a reference to their prop-
ositions pending th® negotiations. AU is blank
there; and the two Governments are left to main-
tain their respective constructions in the best way
they can.
Mr. B. said we now had a practical commentary
upsn the improvidence of entangling ourselves
with foreign alliances. Washington warned us
against it: for fifty years we have kept clear of
such alliances: in August last, we entered into one
of these alliances; and now, in February, we have
a difference as to the meaning of an article in
this alliance—a difference which cannot go to a
practical result, without involving the honor or the
peace of the country.
Mr. B. said there was nobody to celebrate the
gigantic intellect of General Jackson; yet, in the
answer which he ditected Mr. Forsyth to give to
Sir Charles Vaughan, in October, 1834, in relation
to this very point of a convention with England
for the suppression of the slave-trade, there was
wisdom, which, compared to the wisdom which of-
fered this convention, was as the pyramid of Cheops
is to a g;am of mustard. President Jackson, at
that time, positively refused to enter into any con-
vention on the subject. He directed him to say to
Sir Charles Vaughan, that the Government of the
United States was "definitely formed not to become
a parly to any convention on the subject of the slave-
trade." This was the answer of General Jackson.
It is the American answer; and it put an end to these
propositions f >r a convention until the present Ad-
ministration came into power.
Mr. B. said he did not go into the question of
iden'ity between search and visiia'ion. The Presi-
dent treated them as identical; Sir R. Peel as dif-
ferent. He (Mr. B.) did not entertain the ques-
tion. It was clear there was a difference as to the
execution of the treaty; and whether the ship was
to be stopped on the high seas for the purpose of
being searched, as for the purpose of being visited,
a preliminary objec'ion arose, and that was, the ar-
rest of the ship itself! The arrest of the ship on
the high seas, like the arrest of an individual on
ths high road, was itself an act incompatible
with freedom; and in the case of English naral
officers, (to use the language of the LondonTimes,)
if there was any doubt in the case, they took the
trick. This was the language of the Times, in
February last, in relation to impressment; and it
will apply in all cases where they have a right to
arrest an American vessel: they will take the trick,
if they have doubts; and doubts can easily ba
