334
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Nevertheless, the treaty was displayed before the
Senate and the country as the olive branch of
peace—as a sort of love-pledge between the two
countries, by which they would be enabled here-
after to live upon terms of unbroken amity; and
the circumstance lhat it was an olive branch of
peace, and that, by its ratification, the peace of the
country would be guarantied hereafter;—it was for
that reason that so much credit was claimed for
those who negotiated it. At the meeting of the
present Congress, following up, and appropria-
ting to himself the glory of having accom-
plished thi* great work of national deliver-
ance from impending war, the President of the
United States set forth, in his annual message,
the objects which the treaty had accomplished, and
the means which had been employed to accomplish
them. The message was laid before Congress and the
country, as well as before the British prime minis-
ter; and upon the opening of the British Parlia-
ment, th At minister had congratulated himself upon
the occurrence of the first opportunity to state in
his place, and with all the responsibility belonging
to his station, that he was compelled to say that
the Government of the United States, speaking
through the executive message, had totally mis-
taken the object of the British Government in ne-
gotiating the treaty. Prom this, it might very nat-
urally be supposed that it would produce an ap-
prehension here that the Administration had been
tricked, and that we had failed by this treaty
to accomplish the deliverance of the country
from impending war; and now they were told,
notwithstanding the express and positive an-
nouncement of the views of the British Gov-
ernment in relation to it, as expressed by their
prime minister, that the President had misunder-
stood the thing, and that he had put an erroneous
construction upon the treaty. Notwithstanding
that they were told by an honorable Senator that
the prime minister was totally mistaken; though
the words of the President's message impressed
him (for he must be supposed to have weighed
them critically) with the belief that this country
thought it had gained something by the African
squadron, yet such was not the case; this
Government had obtained no advantage—had se-
cured no postponement of a war. No, sir; in
order to keep that before the people as an
olive branch, in the face of this adverse declara-
tion of the British Government, this Government
came down and declared lhat she was mistaken—
lhat they agree entirely with the Biitish constrnc-
tion of the treaty. What waw that construction?
Lord Aberdeen has asserted, in a labored commu-
nication, first, lhat there was a difference between
the right of search and the right of visitation; and
he had likewise asserted, lhat the British Govern-
ment would not modify their pretensions to the
right of visitation; and Sir Robert Peel had stated,
in the House of Common*, that that assertion of
Lord Aberdeen remained unanswered. But our
minister in England communicated to this Gov-
ernment that us receipt was acknowledged; but
no proposition had been laid down, because Lord
Aberdeen informed him that a special minister had
been sent to this country, charged with the adjust-
ment of all existing difficulties. In consequence
of that information, all correspondence was ar-
rested between the. American minister in London
and the British Government. What was the ques-
tion between the two Governments at the time?
It was not as to the right of visitation, (although
lhat was the question which Mr. Everett informed
them Lord Ashbutton had especially in charge.)
If Lord Ashburton came here to settle lhat ques-
tion, and went away without doing so, he would
ask, what had been gained by the negotiation?
What was the consideration which induced this
Government to engage to keep a squadron of
eighly guns on the coast of Africa? If this ques-
tion had not been settled, the negotiations were
nothing more than mere child's play.
If Great Britain did not surrender her right to
search our vessels, why did we agree to spend
half million a year for the purpore of <carching our
own? The President of the United States had, in
his message, put th«s proper construction upon the
treaty; and it was not for Senators now, when a
different construction had been put upon it by
Great Britain, in order to keep up the idea of ma-
king it an olive branch of peace, to say that the
President was mistaken in the construction which
he put upon it. There was one part of the speech
of Sir Robert Peel, which disclosed the whole
views of the British Government; that part was
worth all the rest, although it was a part which
had not been read to the Senate. The delivery of
that speech had been predicated upon the necessity
of resisting the slave-trade. That was the founda-
tion of the claim of the right of search, or visita-
tion, as it was called in England. That right had
been held forth, by those who maintained the
anti-slave-trade doctrines. What did Sir Robert
Peel say in his speech, as to the nature of the right
of visitation? In order to show that the article
in the treaty did not suspend the right of visita-
tion, and to show lhat the freedom of the sea was
as much at the control of England as before the
treaty was formed, he made the declaration putting
that right on a broader, higher ground, disconnect-
ing it from the idea of the slave-trade. They did
not abandon the right of visitation, which Sir
Robert Peel now said was not necessarily con-
nected with the question of the slave-trade, but
that it extends to the whole world of commerce—
extends to vessels in the Pacific ocean, as well as
in the harbor of New York, and everywhere else.
And it was necessary for Sir' Robert Peel to take
this ground, in order to justify his construction of
the treaty. Suppose, then, you send your eighty
guns and your one or two thousand men to Africa
—suppose you execute this article of the treaty :
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. A iicher] says the
practical effect is obtained. Was it? Allowing
his construction to be right, the practical effect
would only extend to the coast of Africa; whereas
Sir Tisbert Peel expressly disconnected the right
of search from that question. Now, while this
was positively asserted, either Sir Robert Peel
must be stultified, and incapable of comprehending
the true construction put upon the treaty in the
President's message, or the President's construction
was erroneous; and inasmuch as Sir Robert Peel
had acknowledged the basis upon which the right
of search was predicated, so as to include the
African squadron, it was perfectly manifest that
that article of the treaty was a complete nullity. It
would be absurd, therefore, to attempt carrying it
out by making appropriarions.
As far as he himself was concerned, he did not
intend to vote for a dollar of appropriation in fur-
therance of the treaty—not even to pay the $300,000
dollars to the States. He would not do it, because
he considered the treaty worse than a war. But
he would not go into the character of the treaty
now. Other gentlemen viewed it in a different
light—gentlemen of more experience, and who had
better means of judging, perhaps. This, however,
was his view; and he should continue to act upon
it. He desired to know what it was that we had
received as compensation for sending out those 80
guns, if there was not to be at least a suspension
of the right to visit our vessels. The President
manifestly considered that there was to be a sus-
pension of that right, when he penned his message
to Congress; and he asked, if it was true that we
had gained so mnch in reference to the right of
visitation upon the coast of Africa, what had they
gamed upon the general principle? The British
still assert that they have a right to visit any vessel
for any purpose whatever. They were about to
pay half a million of doliars under what they sup-
posed to be, some time ago, a compact by which
peace had been purchased; and before Congress
had had an opportunity to execute its part of the
contract, by appropriating the money, it was dis-
covered to have been no guaranty of peace at all.
The proper time to meet this question was the
present; and he was prepared, if any one would
introduce a bill for that purpose, to instruct the
President to take possession of every foot of the
disputed territory. If the construction put upon
the treaty by Sir Robert Peel was right, there were
still more pregnant consequences to grow out of it;
because it showed a disposition on the part of the
British Government to promote a quarrel, by hold-
ing up our Government to the world as putting
one construction upon the treaty, whilst they hold
another and a different one.
If the President was right, then there was ao
difference of opinion, though the attempt to make
out a difference, on the part of Sir Robert Peel,
showed a desire of presenting the question in a
worse aspect than if there was, in reality, a differ-
ence. Sir Robert Peel did not say he presumed there
was room for some misunderstanding—that there
was difference of opinion; but he had come out and
placed this Government in the attitude of having
endeavored to give a misconstruction to the treaty-
Would any statesman in Europe believe that the
President of the United States did not know what
he meant in his message? How would they stand
before the world? They must either, in homely
phrase, knock under, in order to impress the treaty
with the character of peace-offering; or they must
reeede from the construction put upon it by
the President, and adopt that of the British min-
ister, although the express words of its provisions
showed that the President was right, and that he
was wrong. Why was not Mr. Pox instructed to
ascertain from the American Government what con-
struction had been put upon Ithe treaty, to see if a
reconcilement of opposite constructions might not
be effected? He considered the course pursued as a
declaration on the part of England that the treaty
was to be utterly disregarded; and the course we
should take was, to disregard it also, and to open the
negotiations afresh. We had a treaty with France,
by which she had free admission for her silks and
wines. The benefit of that treaty she had en-
joyed for some time; and when we wanted to claim
the benefit of it on our part, the French Chambers
flinched. What did we do? General Jackson
adopted measures to compel them to stand up to
their bargain, and that instanter. Did he not call
upon Congress to authorize reprisals upon her
commerce? And now, when you pass an appro-
priation and send out a squadron, and after you
have put the British in possession of the half of
one of your States-, they will inform you that there
is some other cause of quarrel subsisting, more
serious than the slave-trade itself. The treaty
was, in his judgment, improperly undertaken in
the first place. The very fact of the British Gov-
ernment sending out a special messenger, without
giving us previous intimation, was a susipicious
circumstance. Great Britain was not in the habit
of going abroad to make peace. When she sends
out a negotiator, it is as a merchant, to traffic to
the best advantage. She has a direct interest in
maintaining the greatest maritime power; and all
the minor powers have a direct interest in resist-
ing the extension of her power. Mr. A. concluded
by saying that we had gained nothing by ths treaty.
Mr. EVANS stated that, in rising, it was not
his purpose to prolong the discussion, but to entreat
Ihe Senate to put an end to a debate which, to say
the least of it, was premature, and wholly out of
place. If the Senator from Missouri, and those
who concur with him in hostile feelings to the trea-
ty, would but have patience, a bill from the other
house would, in a day or two, comebefore the Sen-
ate, on which they could bring up the subject, and
discuss it to their heart's content—he meant the bill
making provision for carrying out the treaty. How-
much time to-day had been wasted in unprofitable
discussion, leading to no practical result? Enough,
he would venture to say, to pass forty bills, now
awaiting the action of Congress. The Senator
from Missouri has moved to recommit the bill, with
instructions to strike out all appropriations for the
African squadron. Now, what use would it be for
the committee to take into consideration what
was not into the bill at all?
There was not a word in it about the African
squadron. And, although he would not pretend
to say that some part of the money appropriated in
the bill was not to be applied to the expenses of the
squadron to be kept on the coast of Africa for the
protection of our commerce and shipping there,
and in furtherance of the provisions of the treaty;
yet he would say, that it would make no difference
as to the amount of the appropriations, whether
any portion of the navy was to be kept on that
station or not. The Secretary of the Navy ex-
pressly says that the keeping of the eighty guns on
