836
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to aggression. If he (Mr. C.) had indulged in all
the belligerent apprehensions which seemed to trou-
ble the gentlemen opposite; if he had thought as
they did, that Great Britain meditated all sorts of
encroachments on this country; if be had made up
his mind as they had done, that she was bent upon
ravaging our merchant vessels on the caast of Afri-
ca,—the last tlsing in the world he would have
thought of doing, would be to vote down the naval
appropriations. These would have been ample
considerations rather to induce him to vote for in-
creased appropriations. The gentlemen fear Brit-
ish aggressions on our merchant vessels on the coast
of Africa, yet will not vote a dollar for the protec-
tion of our vessels. What a strange ieconsistency
this is between the sentiments they express, and the
measures they propose! The squadron at the coast
of Africa is to effect these good purpose?; first, to
protect our merchant vessels in that region; next,
to fulfil our just obligations under a solemn treaty,
which we are bound to carry out in good faith.
Mr. C. proceeded to point out the solemn obliga-
tions of the treaty, and the necessity of disregard-
ing the insufficient evidence of a disposition on the
part of the British ministry to violate it. He con-
tended that a mere speech in Parliament, like
a speech in the Senate, was altogether a (lif-
erent thing from a belligerent act. Sir Robert
Peel might be-allowed, if he felt so disposed, to
make a flourish of words before a British House of
Commons, which he would be very far from carry-
ing into effect in the face of our squadron on the
coast of Africa.
Mr. BENTON said the discussion had taken a
turn which he did not expect—that of a question
as to the rorrecine.-s of the report of Sir Robert
Peel's speech. True, there were the usual varia-
tions in the details of the reports, but they agreed
in the main point; and all America and all Europe
must se« that we had received a slap in the face 
that the President's message was flatly coniradictsd
—and principle avowed from which collisions
must arise. The difference of opinion amounted
to treaty or no treaty on this psint! The difference
between the two Governments nullified this part of
the treaty; and he thought it (he part of common
prudence to stop now, and remove the difference,
before collisions re-suited. The treaty was ratified
in this chamber, upon the President's view of it.
Senators voted upon that view, as they now de-
clare, and as we know; and now, if there shall be
any attempt on the part of the Administration to
equivocate, and to reconcile the President's mes-
sage to Sir Robeit Peel's spcech, by miking the
message yield to the speech, it will be a fraud upon
the Senatois who voted for the ratification.
Senators who voted for the treaty say if the
British act upon the declarations of their minister,
they will go to war; and this is ibe state to which
the peace treaty has brough us! The seeds of war
are in it! for th^y may re,t ass-nred that the min-
ister spoke advisedly; and all reports of his speech
show that it was cheered as often as he declared
his determination to adhere to the right of visit.
Mr. BAGBY considered that the true under-
standing of the treaty, when ratified by the Senate,
was the otjly correct lnterpreta'ion of i'; and that
any attempt to force upon us a different contirue.
tion, would be so diihononble that word"; c uld
not convey his ideas of its enormity. Mr. B.
commented wiih great ability on the portion in
which the British Government bad been placed hv
this speech i* Sir Robert Peel; and maintained that
both the motion of the Senator from Missouri and
his amendment were perfectly justified by the dec-
laration of the British premier.
Mr. TAPPAN called for the reading of the part
proposed to be stricken cut by the Sena'or from
Missouri,
Mr. EVANS replied that there was no such part
in the bill, and the Cierk need not be running the
bill over for the purpose.
Mr. TAPP AN then called for the reading of the
instructions, and they wore read.
The question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Baqbt, to the instruction moved by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, it was nut, and d'ecided on
yeas and nays—yeas 5, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, McRoberts, and Smith
of Connecticut—5.
NA.YS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Choate, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Day-
ton, Evans, Fultoa, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Linn,
McDuffie, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moreh^ad, Phelps, Por-
ter, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—36,
The question recurring, on the motion and in-
structions of Mr, Benton,
Mr. ARCHER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WOODBURY stated that he would have
taken no part in this discussion, if the yeas and
nays had not been ordered. It was well known that
he assented to the treaty as a whole, but opposed
the part now drawn into controversy; and his pres-
ent vote might be misunderstood, if he made no
explanation. But he would detain gentlemen only
a moment.
It had been apprehended by some that the
English prime minister did not intend, by his
speech, to take any step in contravention of the
treaty, as understood by us and by the President.
Though that minister is reported to have ex-
pressed a material difference in his views from the
message of the American Executive; yet it may
have been only a theoretical or abstract difference.
The extract of the recent letter from our ambassa-
dor at the court of St. James—just received and
read by the chairman of the. Committee on Foreign
Relations—would, on re-examination, be found to
fortify this inference. The extract was before him;,
and while it appears that Mr. Everett was present
in the House of Commons during Sir Robert Peel's
speech, not a syllable is said concerning the remarks
of the latter, looking'to any practical conflict ia
views between him and the President.
It is to be presumed that we have all of the let-
ter relating to this subject; and, if nothing has been
withheld, Mr. Everett heard nothing from Sir
Robert Peel wh;ch surprised or alarmed him on
this point; though he was surprised that the minister
supposed no answer had ever been given to Lord
Aberdeen's letter of December, 1841.
The silence of our minister on this point furnishes
a strong presumption that Sir Robert Peel's re-
marks on it were different from the newspaper re-
port, or were a mere political flourish on an ab-
stract right to inquire and visit on the ocean, not
renounced, nor intended to be renounced.
went farther, and looked to any practical
differences concerning the treaty, it was the duty of
the minister to have said so; and of the Executive
here to have laid the fact before us.
But this provision in the treaty, though, in Mr.
W.'s view, a humiliating one, and opposed by him
on its ratification, ought to be enforced by us till
violated on the other side. Mr. W. thought, in
August last, when the treaty was under considera-
tion, and ?till thought, that it was derogatory for
us to engage ts England, or any other power, that we
would do what it was our duty to do without such
an engagement. He thought it placed England in
tae attitude of a guardian over us. He wanted for
our country no protector abroad. He would wil-
lingly submit to no national surveillance or tutor-
ship. Such a provision, if not intended for one
ope.is the door to one; anl, without any yoirit of
prophecy, it was easy to foresee that the manner
of enforcing such a stipulation in a treaty was
ikely to lead to constant complaint, if not col-
lision.
Whenever it might please England to insist that
our cruisers did not exercise sufficient activity or
vigilance, she v/ould exercise her abstract right of
visitation; she would make it practical, and push
it into a right of search, as heretofore. But let
her push it while this treaty remained in force; or
let her ever push it beyond mere inquiry and visit-
ation, and then a case would actually have oc-
curred for belligerent measures on our side. Till
then, however, Mr. W. was willing, since the
treaty had been ratified, to vote ?U reasonable ap-
propriations to enforce it. It was not that he liked
any doubtful part of it very much, or this provision
at all; but because this provision took away all
pretence for outrages on our trade and merchant
vessels, under color of mere inquiry or visitation.
How this mere inquiry and visitation for certain
purposes had been abused, ha possessed some
means of knowing, in this very class of cases, for-
merly. Our difficulties had arisen, not from the
fair exercise of sueh a right only by British cruisers,
but fiom the abuse of it—from pushing it to,a right
of search; from entering our vessels, overhauling
their papers, insulting their officers, detaining them
on their voyage, and causiug actual losses to those
engaged in lawful and honorable commerce.
This abase was what we had protested against.
This was what Americans never would tamely
submit to. This was, in effect, carrying on the old-
fashioned right of search, under the name or cover
only of a visit—a right of search now disclaimed
by the English minister except in time of war.
So Lord Aberdeen had abandoned any right
to detain our vessels; but still they had been
detained, and they had been searched, and
both by violence; and this we had denounced, and
would resist. Bat the mere right of inquiry, or
even of visitation, Mr. W., for one, had never
questioned, under proper circumstances, on the
ocean, by any nation. Ships of war were often a
spfcies of police force on the great and common
highway of all nations.
When war existed, the parties engaged had a
right to inquire and see that none travelled under
false colors, so as to escape their enemy. But
even then, we had always denied the right to carry
this inquiry to a search of the cargo in a neutral
vessel—for our motto had b®n, "Fret ships make
fret goods;'" much less had we recognized the right
to search the muster-rolls of the vessel, and her
decks, to impress any supposed foreigners. When
peace existed, if pirates were common in any seas,
the right of inquiry and visitation, in case of much
doubt, existed there, in order to detect disguises and
frauds, and prevent escapes. So in case of smug-
gling on the coast of "any country: if it became
"frequent, the right of inquiry prevailed there, and
was exercised by us as well as well as other nations.
So in case of the slave-trade on the coast of Africa—
the worst species of crime, if not lechnie&l piracy*
But these rights, growing out of special and lo-
cal exigences, did not justify officious, vexatious,
and constant visits to vessels, everywhere, and on
all oc-r.asions, by a dominant power, and detaining
those vessels urelessly or maltreating their officers
and crews. The favorable view of this part of
the treaty of 1842, as to our keeping a larger naval
force on the coast of Africa, was, that it took away
all occasion from other powers, either to claim or
exercise any right to overhaul, in anyway, our
ships. It thus should prevent the danger of abuses
of any kind, with their inevitable collisions, ending
in war.
If it did not, and in fact England should still at-
tempt, with force, to visit our vessels there, or to
push visitation into search, none would resist it
quicker or longer than he. These, in brief, were
the views he entertained on the topic; and on that
account, he should, till some actual wrong occur-
red on the other side, vote for an appropriation like
this, and not for a recommitment.
Tiie^ question was then taken on Mr. Benton's
proposition, and decided in the negative yeas 4.
nays 36, as follows:
neS«^4MeS3r3' Al!en' Benton' Liiln> anii Smith of Con.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrit-n,
Cat.ionn, Ct-aa'o, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuih-
bert, D.iyior^ twins, Fulton, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr.
King, McDutne, Mangum, nlemck, Miiier, Moienead, Thelps
rortcr, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmattee,
lappan, White, Wilcox, Woodbridge, and Woodbory~36.
Mr. BAGBY made an ineffectual effort to pro-
cure action on the bill permitting the notes of the
State Bank of Alabama to be received from pre-
emptioaers, in payment for lands sold in that State,
on certain conditions.
Several bills from the House were then taken
from the President's fable, and referred to appro-
priate standing: committees.
Mr. SE VIER hero made an ineffectual effort to
nave ths joint resolution from the House, author-
izing a survey of the barber of Memphis, Tennes-
see, with the view of establishing a naval depot
and armory there, taken up and disposed of.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill for
the relief of the West Feliciana Railroad, and the
Grand Gulf Railroad and Banking Company, was
taken up for consideration.
