CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR, AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1843.
Volume 12-"-No. 22.
Continued f rem No. 21.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that this bill was
laid on the table at his instance, with a view to
enable htm to get some information (rem the de-
partment. He had procured that information.
He found that the department had yielded, by its
decision on the remission of those duties on railroad
iron, the grounds which formed one point of his
objection to the passage of the bill; and if it was
so amended as to strike out the second section, the
bill would not at all interfere with the principles
he had entertained, concerning the remission of
duties on railroad iron.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the second
section of the bill was stricken out; and there being
no further amendment proposed, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and finally passed, So much of
the title as related to the Grand Gulf Railroad and
Banking Company was stricken out.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of execuiive busi-
ness; and aftersome time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thorssday, February 23, 1843.
Mr. R. McCLELLAN presented the several
petitions of Maria Evrit, of Hudson, N. Y., and
Polly Thomas, of Claverack, N. Y., praying an
extension of the widows pension act.
Mr. BOYD presented the papers of Mrs. Charity
Clark, asking to be allowed a pension: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion by Mr. KEIM, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of John P. Schuyler;
and the same having been ordered to be engrossed,
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BR1GGS asked leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Whereas all laws passed by the Governor and Legislative
Council of Florida are in lull force, until disapproved by Con-
gress: therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct'
ed, forthwith, to report the following bill:
Be it enacted by the Semite and Houac. of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress asseinhted, Thai an
act passed by the Governor and Legislative Council of the
Territory of Florida, approved by the said Governor on the
6th day of March, 1842, entitled "An act to prevent the future
migration of fiee negroes or mulattoes to this Territory, and for
other purposes." be, and the same is hereby, disapproved, and
shall henceforth bo of'no force.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose to a privileged
question. He wished to make an explanation
personal to himself, and hoped the House would
extend the usual courtesy to him.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman from
Mississippi to sus-pend his explanation till the de-
cision of the House on th-; question pending.
Mr. MERIWETHER objected to the reception
of the resolution.
Mr. BR1GGS moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. FILLMORE believed that the subject had
been referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and he wished to know whether they had reported
on it.
The SPEAKER said that they had not. This
resolution was to direct them to report forthwith.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL, io avoid the consump-
tion of time, moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. MERIWETHER said that the resolution
was not yet received.
Mr. PICKENS appealed to the House to allow
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson]
to take the floor. He wished to speak of a matter
personal to himself and his Slate; and in such cas's
permission was always given as a matter of cour-
tesy.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi rose and said
he desired to take possession of the floor but for a
minute, on a matter personal to himself. On ihe
day before yesterday, while he was proceeding
with his remarks on the resolution of Mr. Inger-
soll, he was interrupted by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Raynek.] The remarks
made by that gentleman were imperfectly heard
by him; but he had been informed by others who
heard him, that his remarks were susceptible of an
interpretation which reflected disparagingly and
injuriously upon the State of Mississippi as
well as upon himself. No report of what passed
has appeared in the papers. On yesterday the
gentleman was not in his seat; and as he now
saw him in his seat, he took the first occasion to
call his attention to this matter, and inquire what
was his intention in those remarks.
Mr. RAYNER said the reason why he was not
in his seat yesterday, was, that he was detained at
his room by indisposition. The gentleman from
Mississippi said he did not hear his (Mr. R.'s) re-
marks; and he (Mr. R.) knew not what it was
that the gentleman alluded to. It seemed some
busy-body had persuaded him that he (Mr. R.)
had said something which might be construed as
personally offensive to him [Mr. T.] and that was
also calculated to reflect upon the State of Missis-
sippi. As to the State of Mississippi, Mr. R. said
he had said nothing about her; and he did not,
therefore, feel sailed on to express any opinion
now, as to Ihe course of that State. If the gentle,
man from Mississippi asked this explanation in
good faith, (as he, Mr. R., was bound to suppose he
did,) he (Mr. R.) had no hesitation in saying that
he meant nething personally offensive to Mr. T.
The gentleman [Mr. T.] had given him (Mr. R.)
no caute of offence; and of course, he (Mr. R.)
could not intend to be personally offensive to Mr.
T. He owed it to himself to say, that he did not
wish to be considered as having gone out of his
way to offend any one, without cause.
Mr. PICKENS said, as he bad called the at-
tention of the House to the explanatien of the
gentleman from Mississippi, it might be supposed
that the gentleman from North Caiolina had al-
luded to him as the informer of the gentleman
ftom Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson.] On the con-
trpry, he had not said a word to him as to this
matter.
Mr. THOMPSON here interposed, and said he
had held no conversation with the gentleman from
South Carolina on this subject.
Mr, RAYNER replied, that he made no allu-
sion whatever to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.
The question recurring on Mr. John Camp-
bell's motion to lay Mr. Bhiqos's resolution on
the table, Mr. C. withdrew it.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Brmos to suspend ihe rules; and it was decided
in ihe negative—yeas 66, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Brewster, Brisgs,
llrockvvay, Bronson, Jeremiah Blown, Childa, Chittenden,
Staley N. Clarke, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens Richard D Davis,
John Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Patrick G. Goode,
Hall, Halstead, Ileniy, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. tngersoll,
James Irvin, James, Andrew Kennedy, Linn, McKennan,
Marchand, Mathiot, Maitocks, Maxwell, Maynavd, Morris, Os-
borne, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Read, Ridgway,
William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, fSlade,
Stokely, Stratton, Tilhnghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull,
Wallace, Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Wmthrop,
Yoike. and Augustus Young—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Landaft W. Andrews, Arnold, Arrington,
Atherton, Baiton, Bidlack, Botts, Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Burke, William Butler, William O. Butler, Patri k C.
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J,
Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Clinton, Coles, Cross, Gush-
ing, Daniel, Gaviett Davis, Dawson, Dean, Detserry, John C.
Edwards, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry,
Gilmer, Goffgin, Wdliam O. Goode, Gordon, Green, Gwm, Har-
ris, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J. lngersoll, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W.
Jones, Keim, King, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McCIel-
lan, Robert McCtellan, McKay, McKenn, Alfred Marshall,
Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell,Moore, Owsley, Partridge, Payne,
Pickens, P ope, Powell, Alexander Randall, Rayner, Redin;,
Reneher, Reynolds, Rhett, Rigge, Saunders, Sewell, Shaw,
Shepperd, Snyder, Steenrod, Alexander H H. Stuart, John T.
Stuart, Summers, Sweney, John B. Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tiiplett, Trotti, Dnderwood, Van
Buren, Van Renssetaer, Watrerson, Welter, Westbrook, Ed
ward D. White, Christopher II. Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
and Wise—101,
Mr. WM. C. JOHNSON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States com-
municate to this House all the correspondence between the min-
isters ofthe United States and the British Government, ana the
correspondence and instructions of this Government with sMa
ministers in relation to what has generally been catted the
"Creole" and "McLeod" cases, not heretofore communica-
ted to this House, if not incompatible with the public ser-
vice.
Mr. CUSHING and Mr. ADAMS simultane-
ously rose, and addressed the Chair.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON said he had not yielded
the floor. He had another resolution, which he
wished to submit.
[Cries of " The other resolution is not adopt-
ed."]
Mr, UNDERWOOD called for the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. FILLMORE said, if debate was likely to
arise, he should object to the reception of the reso-
lution.
Mr.. UNDERWOOD objected peremptorily, and
called for the regular order of business.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON withdrew his resolution,
on a suggestion being made from the Speaker; but
he said'he would ask the courtesy of the House to
allow him to make a report from a select commit-
tee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the presentation
of reports generally.
Mr. FILLMORE also appealed to the gentle-
man from Maryland to allow that order of busi-
ness (ihe calling for reporls) to be adhered to, and
the gentleman would then have an opportunity to
present his report without obstructing any other
business.
The SPEAKER then called committees for re-
ports; and many were presented.
THE FINANCES.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, made a report; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed. It was a report
on a message of the President of the Uniled States
of the 13ih of February instant, with a letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury accompanying the
same, on the subject of the fi lances.
He then offered the following resolution; which
was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed to
report to this House—
First. The amounts of outstanding appropriations on the 4th
day of March, 184L,and on the 4th day of March, 1843.
Second. The amount of available means in the treasury oa
cachof those days, to meet such appropriation.
Third. The amount of means used to defray the expenses of
the Government, over and above the ordinary revenues of the
Government fiom customs and the public lands, for the four
years preceding the 4th day of March, 1841, and for the two
years succeeding that time, and what such means were.
Fourth. The amount of appropriations which have been
made sincc the 4th day of March, 1841, for arrearages or liabili-
ties existing prior to that time.
Fifth. The amount of appropriations for each year from the
4th of March, 1829, to the 4th of March, 1843, exclusive of the
public dehtand trust funds.
Sixth. The amount of the public debt on the4th day of m£rch 
1841, and on the 4th day of March, 1843.
Mr. PICKENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported Senate bill for the relief of
the Planters' Bank of Mississippi, and the Agricul-
tural«Bank of Mississippi, with a recommendation
that the bill be not adopted.
He also communicated to the House copies of a
correspondence in relation to the bill; which was
ordered to be printed
Mr. COWEN made several adverse reports
from the Commitiee of Claims; which w«re laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill ameBdatory of an act
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen; which,
on his motion, was allowed to go through all its
stages, and to be passed.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said he was directed by
the Committee on Commerce to ascertain if there
was a disposition in the House to take up the
warehouse bill during the pressnt session; and,
