338
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with that yiew., he should move lhat that bill be
made the special order for Tuesday next.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON and Mr. FILLMORE
both rose to make some remark.
The SPEAKER apprised the gentleman from
Maryland that his motion now woold require a
vote of two-thirds, as its effect would be to super-
sede the regular order of business.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, under these circum-
stances, withdrew his motion.
BIr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, moved ta discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of House bill No. 788, pro-
viding for the payment of the two per cent.'fund
doe by the United States to the State of Ala,
bama.
Mr. FILLMORE wished all the committees
to be called, before the gentleman made his mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Alabama that his motion would require a vote of
two-thirds.
Mr. CHAPMNN said that he had made this
motion several limes within a few days past,
but without success. He felt assured that, if
gentlemen could be made to understand the
provisions of the bill, they would not oppose
it; and, therefore, he would give a very brief
explanation, although as much opposed as any
member on the floor to consuming the time of
tbe House in useless debate. Mr. C. taid lhat by
the compact between the Stale of Alabama and'the
United Stales, two per cent, on the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands within that Stale was to
be expended by the United States in making roads
leading to the Stale. Ey the act passed at the late
extra session of Congress, commonly called the
distribution law, this two ppr cent, fund was re-
Jinquished lo the Slate, and the Treasurer of the
United States requited lo pay it over—one half the
1st of May last, and tbe other the 1st of May next.
At the late session of the Legislature of Alabama,
resolutions pa.sed, accompanying a memorial to
"Congre's, ashing the passage of an act, authorizing
the receivers and rt gisters at the several land o.ffices
witbm the State to receive from the actual tetllers
on the public land?, in payment of their pre-emp-
tions-, (not to exceed one quarter section to any
one,) the notpa of the Bank of the State of Ala-
bama and branches, to an amount not exceeding
the sum due to the State by (he act referred to tor
the two per cent, fund—the State obliging herself
to rrceive the said notes in payment of the said
fund. 7he bill provi ies simply for carrying this
into operation.
Mr. C. said he presumed it was known to most
of the members on tbe floor, lhat the Bank of tbe
State of Alabama, a-d branches, belonged exclu-
sively to the State, whose faith was pledged for the
redemption of the notes. The Legislature of that
btate has, at its lale 5er<sion, adopted a restrictive
policy in relation to her banks, with a view of re-
ducing the circulation  s fast as possible. In that
spill!, the resolutions referred to were passed.
Mr. C. said that this bill was local in its opera-
tions exclusively confined to the State he in part
represented; aad lo his immediate constituents he
considered it of the utmost importance. The
country acquired lately from the Cherokees
is oensely populated by industrious, enterprising
citizens, -*ho are entitled to enter their lands un-
i.ei the pre-emption laws; but in ihe present de-
r.'nged state of (Ve currency—especially in Ala-
bama—added to tbe pressue of tbe times and tbe
low prices of produce and property of every kind
there w<-re a great many who could not, without
toe aid this bill would afford, purchase their homes.
By parsing the bill, not only wid relief be afforded
to the honest and worthy occupants and cultivators
of the sod, but m re land will be sold, and an
rasic-r mode provided for paying over to the State
what is due by this Government; the tendency of
which will be to reduce mueh of the bank calcula-
tion, and appreciate what remains.
Mr. C. said that, as the sales of the lands in the
Cherokee country are to take place in April and
May next, the House would excuse bim for the
zeal be n.anjfested in pressing for immediate ac-
tion on this bill. He felt confident that, with the
short explanation he had given, the committee would
be discharged from the bill, and that it would be
passed. The committee was accordingly di$
charged by the House.
The bill was taken up, read a tbird time, and
passed.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported the joint resolu-
tion authorizing a transfer of the stock held by
the United States in the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal to the State of Maryland, and the corpora-
tions of Washington, Georgetown, and Alexandria,
on certain conditions.
Mr. U. offered an amendment, which he moved
be printed, and, together with the resolution, refer-
red to the Committee of tbe Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. J. T. MASON hoped that the resolution
would not be referred to the Committee of the
Whole, where it might not be taken up, but would
be suffered to lie on the Speaker's table for the
early action of the House.
Mr. HOPKINS objected to such a course, and
contended lhat the resolution must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, inasmuch as it made an ap-
propriation—an absolute gratuity of a million and
a half.
Mr, UNDERWOOD explained his amendment,
which was to extend the provisions of the resolu-
tion to the slock held by the United States and Ihe
Louisville and Portland canal.
The resolution was then referred to ihe Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MAXWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported Senate bill lo alter the places of
holding the district court of the United States,
for the district of New Jersey, with an amendment:
ordered to lie on the Speaker's table.
Mr. M. also made an adverse report.
Mr. MOORE, by direction of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, moved that the House take
up the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Antoine Cruzat and others.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BAKER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported Senate bill No. 135, granting a
pension to Wm. McPherson: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. STRATTON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made an adverse report.
BRITISH CONSTRUCTION OF TUB TREATY,
When the Committee on Foreign Affairs was
called on for reports—
Mr. CUSHING rose and asked permission to
correct a grave error contained in the late speech
of.Str Robert Peel. (Cries of "No, no;" and several
voices, "Hear him.")
The SPEAKER inquired if objection was made.
Many members objected.
Mr. CUSHING said he merely wished to slate
a fact; and ll leave was not given,he should move
for it.
Objections we:e still made in various parts of the
hall. *
Mr. BRIGGS moved that leave be given.
Mr. CUSHING said he should not occupy five
minuiet. The fact which he wished to state came
from Mr. Everett.
n* said if the statement came from
Mr. Eeverett, it wax what he wanted to hear.
Mr. CUSHING moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of hearing his statement
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend; but they were not
ordered.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said, as be understood
Ihe vole, it was to allow the gentleman [Mr.
CushingJ to make a statement, without giving rise
to a debate.
Mr. KING said he could see no good lhat would
come of tbe statement.
Several gentlemen called for a statement of the
question.
The SPEAKER stated it to be a motion to sns
pead the rules, for the purpose of allowing the gen
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] to make
a statement in relation l@ Sir Robert Peel's speech
on tbe right of search.
Many members: ["No, no."]
The SPEAKER. Tbe gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will reduce his proposition to writing.
Mr. CUSHING said he merely desired to make
a statement, derived from a letter received from
Mr. Everett, an extract from which he would read.
Mr. GRANGER. If it is a letter from Mr.
Everett, let it be sent to the House from the Presi«
dent, officially.
The House then proceeded to vote upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, for the purpose of hear-
ing Mr. Cushing's statement. The result of the
vote was—yeas 99, nays 55.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. CUSHING intended to read to the House
the extract from the speech of Sir Robert Peel of
the 2d of February, 1843, and that from a letter
of Mr. Everett, minister of the United States in
London, which follow, viz:
Extract from Sir Robert Peel's speech.
"Therefore, sir, it will be my duty, in the face of the public,
expressing deep regret that there should appear to be any
difference of opinion on this topic, explicitly to declare that
^av©not waived one of the principles contended for by my
noble friend (the Earl of Aberdeen) in his despatch of Decern.-
♦'u t ' an« it is further my duty to declare that that des-
patch has remained to the present hour unanswered by the
Government oi the United States. I know, I think, too well
what is the ability and what tbe keenness of a Secretary of
tetate in the United States, to believe that, if doctrines so im-
portant as those advanced in the despatch could be questioned,
u would have been permitted to remain fourteen months un-
answered and unacknowledged, had it been thought wise to
contest those principles."
Extract from a despatch f7 om Mr. Everettto Mr. Webster
. „ . dated February 3d, 1843.
"I attended the debatein the House of Commons,
^ou can judge of the surprise with which I listenedto there-
marks of Sir Robert Peel on the alleged fact, that Lord Aber-
deen s letter to me of the 20ih of December, 1841, remained to
this day unacknowledged and unanswered.' It was acknowl-
edged by me in a note dated two days afterwards, (23d Decem-
V' however unimportant, was transmitted to
Mi. I-ox by Lord Aberdeen, and afterwards communicated to
1 arliament, and printed. In this note of acknowledgment. I
informed Lord Aberdeen that I should avail myself of an earlv
opportunity of making some remarks on the very important
topics treated in the letter. I pursued this course of an imme-
diate acknowledgment of the receipt of Lord Aberdeen's note,
with notice of a purpose of replying, in due season, to its con'
tents; because, being just arrived at my post, I had not received
the instructions which you had informed me 1 might soon ex-
pect on this topic; and which, as Lord Aberdeen's note modified
the ground, and disclaimed the language of his predecessor, it
was my duty to await. Such instructions I should, no doubt,
in due time, have received; but, on the 27th ofDecember, Lord
Aberdeen informed me that the special mission had been de-
termmed on; that Lord Ashburton would go to America with
lull powers to settle every point in discussion, including what
was called the right of earch, which he deemed the most diffi-
cult; and expressed the opinion that it would be hardlv worth
whi.e fur us to continue the correspondence on matters in dis-
pute between the two countries! and remarked, though he wag
willing to consider and reply to any statement I might think
proper to make on any subject, that, pending the negotiation
place at WashtngUMi, he supposed no benefit
would result from a simultaneous discussion here.
such were Lord Aberdeen's observations, as reported bv
me m my despatch of December 31st. The negotiations took
place, and a mode of dealing with and settling the question was
happily agreed upon, which made it unnecessary to resume
the discussions so long carried on upon the subject. In fact.
special mission was announced, I consid-
ered the discussion at an end; and as little to be resumed in
line '6"Ce l° sea a visitation, as the boundary or the 'Caro.
STEAMBOATS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Select Commit-
tee on Steamboat Navigation, moved, in obedience
to a vote of that committee, that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill to modify the act entitled An act
to provide for tbe better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, approved July 7th, 1838
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
read.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the third section,
which exempts steamboats propelled by Ericcson's
propellers from the law requiring steamboats to be
out fire-buckets and engines, be stricken
Mr. UNDERWOOD opposed the motion, and
said the section had been inserted at the instance of
numerous petitioners.
Mr. FILLMORE was opposed to the exemption
of any kind of steamboat machinery from the op->
eratton of a law to which others were subject.
