CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
The question was taken; and the motion to strike
out the section was carried—ayes 96, noes 45.
The bill was then ordersd to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
MR. BREWSTER moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the clause exempting boat? pro-
pelled, in part, by Ericcson's propellers from the
penalties imposed for not being provided with fire-
engines and additional row-beats, &c., was stricken
ont. He wished to explain to the House why he
thought that clause should be retained. In the
summer of 1849, several enterprising citizens of
his village constructed a number of vessels, to be
impelled partly by sails, and partly by Ericcsun's
propellers, for the trade of the lakes—and particu-
larly for the purpose of going through the Welland
canal. Steamboats coaurecied in the ordinary
way not being able to go thiough that canal, these
gentlemen, together with a, number of inner citi-
zens, peiittoned Congress that the vessels of the
above description, thus intended for the lake irade,
should be exempted iroin the penalties of the act
of 1838, requiring steamboats to be provided with
additional boats ami file-engines, on the ground
that they were intended solely tor freisht-boats, aod
not for passengers. In the year 1838, when this
law was first enacte;!, purporting to be a law to
secure the safety of passengers in steamboats,
he (Mr. B.) was presiding over an insurance
company; and the ques'ion arose whether this law
was so calcuiatcd to effect the object m view, as
to authorize ihem to diminish the rates of insur-
ance; and, after a full debate, this question was
decided in the negative. The question was then
agitatpd, wheibcr the rate of insurance should be
raised, and this question was aKo decidod in the
negative. The prevalent opinion of the board, how-
ever, was, that the lave, so tar from diminishing the
hazard of hnrnan life, increased it. As, however,
the opposite opinion prevailed here, he would not
object to the law, though he thought he could show
that it did not accomplish the objects it had m
view. He approved of the motive which induced
its passage, as it appealed to the best feelings of the
human heart; but while they were influenced by
their feelings, they should also have some regard to
reason. The bill required that the steamboats
should be licensed; and who were to give the
license;,? Why, the inspectors, who were to be ex-
amined as to their qualifications to pive them.
But who were to examine the examiners? In his
opinion, just so far as the responsibility was removed
for those immediately in the charge of the steam-
boats, so far would human life be endangered. In
conclusion, Mr. B. appealed to the Hou.se to per-
mit thoie gentlemen engaged in the currying trade—
whose vessels were intended soieiy tor freight, arid
not for pisbtng^rs, and which in fact contained nu
accommodations for passengers whatever,—to carry
on their commerce without being subjected to the
burdensome penalties of the law of 1838. Justin
proportion as legislation increased the burdens on
the carriers of produce, would it impose burdens on
the producers.
Mr. FILLMORE said ihat, in his motion to
strike out the section, he had nu reference to the
commerce of Oswego, where hii friend resided, nor
to the insurance offices; but he did not like to see
one class of steamboats exempted from the re-
strictions which were' imposed on the others. It
was well known that all the steamboa's navigating
the lakes were propelled, in part, by sails, a« well
as those which were filled with Ericcson's propel-
lers; and that numbers of the emigrants took pas-
sage in these freight boats, because they cculd
travel in them at a less expense. It was to protect
the lives of this numerous class, that he thought
the restriction should be imposed on the freight
boats as weii as the passage boats, if the gentle-
man would consent to an amendment exempting
boats filled with Ericcson's propellers, coupled
with a condition that they should be prohibited
from carrying passengers, he would agree to tt.
The question was then taken on the motion for
reconsideration, and rejected; and,
Under the operation, of the previous question, the
bill was passed.
NATIONAL FOUNDRY.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON,' from tbo Select
Committee on the subject of a National Foundry,
reported a bill to establish a foundry for the fabri-
cation of cannon for the use of the army and navy
of the United States*, which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. J. then, by instructions of the committee,
offered a resolution that the House should go into
Committee of the Whole on the above bill on Fri-
day next, and report the same to the House in half
an hour. . ,
Mr. FILLMORE objected to any more special
orders.
Mr. JOHNSON made a few remark?, urging
the House to adopt the resolution; after which,
The question was taken on the resolution, and
it was rejeced—ayes 62, nces 66.
Mr. SUMMERS, from the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses, made a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC TELEGRAGH.
On motion by Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, the bill
making appropriations to test the value of Morse's
electro-magnetic telegraph was taken up, and,
under the operation of the previous question, passed
—ayes 89, noes83.
On the motion of Mr. W. W. IRWIN, a res-
olution was adopted, directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to communicate to this House the report
of Colonel W. Robinson, the commissioner sent
to Europe to negotiate a loan for this Govern-
ment.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON again submitted his
resolution, (which is published in an earlier part of
this day's proceedings,) calling upon the President
of the United States for certain correspondence
with the British Government.
Mr. McKEON rose and submitted his intention
to submit the following as an amendment thereto:
Jlesohfd, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, (it" not in hie opinion
incompatible wnh the public interests,) a copy of the despatch
from Loul Aberdeen to the Government of the United States,
bearing (late December, 184I, in relation to the right of visit of
American vessels.
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
received.
THE TWO HUNDRED MILLION STOCK.
The question on printing extra numbers of the
majority and minority reports of the Committee
of Ways and Means on Mr. W. C. Johnson's
project for the hsue of $200,000,000 Government
stock, now came up in order.
Mr. POPE (who was entitled to the floor from
the previous day) now resumed the debate. He
was undeistood to glance at his own course on this
question at several preceding sessions, and to avow
his desire to do all he could for the relief of the
country; but he considered the proposition of the
gentleman from Maryland entirely impracticable.
He thought it was due to the people to de-
clare that it could not be adopted. If doubt
was thrown upon the subject—if any hope was left
to the States for relief from this sotuce, it would
induce the States to relax tbeir exertions, and give
up all effort to pay their debts. Such schemes as
that of issuing $200,000,000 Government stock
might do very well for young men like the gentle-
man, [Mr. Johnson;] but he was too old to think of
anything so visionary. He had no fear of nullifica-
tion; nor of a war with England in case of a non-
payment of the State debts. He alluded to the
present state of ihe treasury, and the large demands
upon it. It was, he thought, discreditable that ad-
ditional taxes were not imposed, in order to make
our revenue equal to our expenditures. It was
mere delusion to suppose that the present state of
things—the neglect to impose additional duties on
articles now free—could long continue. He re-
gretted that there was a disposition manifested by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to shift the responsibility away from each other.
How could the United States Government aid the
Siates, when its own condition was so far from
being sound? He expressed a strong desire to do
all that could be done for the relief of the States;
but it was useless to hold out any delusion of relief
at i his time.
He entered into a discussion of the treaty-making
power of the Government, and arrived at the con-
clusion that the consent of the House woiTd be
necessary to the fulfilment of any treaty which had
to be carried out by money. He alluded to the
disposition now manifested by various powers in
Earope to treat with the United States on terms of
reciprocity of trade; and expressed his opinion
strongly and forcibly in favor of the proposition to
send a commercial agent to Europe to treat for the
removal of the restrictions which now hamper our
commerce and navigation. After some further re-
marks in favor of his own projet for a bank to be
based on the public lands, he concluded.
BRANCH MINTS.
The bill amendatory of the act entitled "An act
establishing the branch mints of the United States,"
was taken up, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto; and theamendments were concurred in.
MARINE HOSPITALS. *
The amendments of the Senate to the bill ma-
king appropriations for a marine hospital at Ocra-
coke, North Carolina, were also concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved
that the House take up the bill to suspend the ope-
rations of the districting law.
Mr. ADAMS objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved a
suspension of the rules; which motion was rejected.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved that the House
go into Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of considering the bill reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs, to divide the military districts
of the United States; but the motion was rejected
without a division.
Mr. FILLMORE submittted a resolution that
all debate in Committee of the Whole, on the har-
bor bill, should cease at four o'clock to day, when
the committee should proceed to vote on the pend-
ing amendments; and called for the previous ques-
tion on theresolution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped that the gentle-
man would allow a little more time for debate.
Mr. FILLMORE said that the House might dis-
pose of the resolution as it thought proper. He
would, however, withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, in order that suy gentleman might
offer an amendment to extend the time.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then moved to amend
the resolution by substituting 3 o'clock to-morrow,
for the time fixed in the resolution; but the motiojl
was rejected.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table: rejected.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—a>es 85, nses 77.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On the motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Gilmer in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the harbors and rivers appropriation bill,
from yesterday—being one of the batch of general
appropriation bills reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. RAN DOLPH was entitled to the floor; but
he gave way to
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, who gave notice of
an amendment which he intended to offer when he
got the opportunity—the purport of which was
understood to be, to set apart $300,000 of this ap-
propriation to be expended in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. RANDOLPH then proceeded, and directed
himself particularly to certain statistical state-
ments and financial documents, to prove to the
House that, if this bill were passed, the treasury
would be in a condition to meet the expenditure
which it proposed to make.
Mr. J. L. WHITE next addressed the commit-
tee, and chiefly in reply to the remarks made by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Baeuard] oti
J yesterday.
