CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
with a recommendation that it do pass, ihe hilt 'ivm
the House entitled "An act to au'horize the 'Iwm
or appointment of certain officers iu me Territory
of Wisconsin."
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they be indsfinusly post-
poned, House bills for the relief of Nancy Byrd, the
widow ol Baylor Byrd, a revolutionary soldier; and
for the relief of Abraham Vanhorn.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill for the
relief of Hannah Jenkins, the widow of J. Jenkins,
deceased.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill from the House
for the relief of John McGHnnis, a soldier of the
late war.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, with an
amendment, House bill entitled "An act for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of John Peters, de-
ceased."
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and adverse to
its passage, House bill for the relief of George
Roush.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution;
which lies over till to-morrow:
Resolved, That on and after Monday  ext, the hour of meet-
ing shall be lOo'clock; and that the Senate take a receas on
each day from 3 to 5 o'clock.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BAYARD made an ineffectual effort to
have taken up for consideration the resolutions
which he introduced in the early part of the ses-
sion, to rescind the expunging resolutions. He
made this effort, in accordance with instructions
from the Legislature of the State of Delaware.
Mr. BATES, under instructions from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, moved the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the bills from that commit-
tee, and to postpone the previous orders of the day
for that purpose.
The motion was disagreed to.
Several adverse reports from standing commit-
tees ou private claims were taken up, and con-
curred in.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from
Thomas Harris, and other surgeons in the navy,
praying Congress not to reduce their pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies one day on the table, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if compatible with ina sense of the public mteiest, to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the despatch received
from Mr. Everett, dated the 3d of February instant; also, a
copy of the despatch of Lord Aberdeen of December, 1841, to
the American Secretary of Slate; and a copy of tho answer,
if any, winch was given by the American Secretary to that
despatch.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bills
on the calendar, when the following bills from the
House were taken np as in committee of the whole,
considered, reported to the Senate, and passed,
viz:
The act for the relief of Joseph Hover and Abe-
lard Guthrie;
[Tnis bill was amended on the recommendation
of the Committee on Public Lands.]
The act for the relief of William G. Saunders;
The act for the relief of John Wharry;
The act for the relief of Benjamin J. Totten;
The act granting to James Lowe $1,000 and a
section of land;
The act for the relief of William Allen;
[This bill was amended on the recommendation
of the Committee on Naval Affairs.]
The bill from the House, entitled "An act for the
relief of Mary William?, widow of Jacob Wil-
liams, deceased," was taken up as in committee of
the whole, on an amendment recommended by the
Committee on Pensions. The amendment having
been agreed to, the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate, the amendment ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. [This bill was
subsequently passed.]
The Senate bill to continue in force the act for the
final adjustment of private land claims ia the State
of Missouri, approved the 9th July, 1832, and the
act supplemental thereto, approved the 2d March,
1833, was taken up as in committee of the whole,
considered, reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill from the House for the relief of Mary
Crawford, was taken up as in committee of the
whole, on an adverse report from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS, a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, who had presented the adverse
report, stated that he had fallen into an error, and
asked permission to withdraw the report from the
Senate.
Permission was granted.
Mr. BUCHANAN then exp'ained the peculiar
merits of the case. Mr. Crawford, the late hus-
band of the widow for whose benefit the bill was,
lost his life in an attempt to save a sailor from
drowning.
No amendment being proposed to the bill, it was
reported to the Senate, read the third time, and
passed.
The following bills from the House were taken
up as in committee of Ihe whole, on adverse re-
ports of committees! and being considered, were in-
definitely postponed, viz:
The bill for the relief of Richard Mars>h;
The bill granting a pension to Robert Poindex-
ter, of Kentucky;
The bill granting a pension to John Peak;
The bill for the relief of Carter B. Chandler;
and
The bill for the relief of W. Haley.
Senate bill for the relief of Andre Spear, widow
of John Spear, late an invalid pensioner, was taken
up a  in committee of the whole, on an adverse re-
port of the Committee on Pensions, and indefinitely
postponed.
The bill for the relief of Alice Usher was taken
up as in committee of ihe whole.
This bill proposed to give a pension to Ihe widow
of a soldier who deserted from the service during
Ihe Revolution. Those belonging to the Pension
Committee, who had examined the caye, maintained
that, notwithstanding it appeared by Ihe muster-
rolls lhat ihe soldier deserted, yet they were satis-
fied, from the mass of parol testimony before the
committee, lhat the muster-roll was incorrect; or
that if the individual did desert, yet he must have
again resumed service.
Those who opposed the bill maintained that it
having appeared by the muster-roll that the indi-
vidual deserted, and there being no record of his
having returned to service, they were bound to
lake it as conclusive evidence that he did not return
to service; and they were unwilling to discredit
a muster-roll by parol testimony—teslimony, too,
which, considering the imperfection ofhumanmem-
ory, could not be relied upon after the lapse of so
many years. The bill was defended by Messrs.
PHELPS, BATES, and HUNTINGTON; and op-
posed by Messrs. KING, BAGBY, CALHOUN,
SMITH of Connecticut, and WOODBURY; when
Mr. KINtS moved that the bill be indefinitely
postponed; and, on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and the question
being put, the bill was indefinitely postponed—
yeas 20, nays 19.
THE BANKRUPT ACT.
The Senate bill for the repeal of this act hav-
ing been reported upon adversely by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, was indefinitely post-
poned.
The House bill for the repeal of the bankrupt
law, with the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, was then taken up for
consideration as in committee of the whole; and
the amendments were read.
Mr. BERRIEN, after a few prefatory remarks
in relation to the vacillation which would be
chargeable on the legislation of the national coun-
cils, should ihe bankrupt act be now repealed, al-
luded to the instructions of the States, and regretted
that, in consequence of them, he had to appeal to
Senators whose ears were rendered deaf to all ar-
gument; but, at the same time, he declared that,
although he, too, had been forbidden by the L. gis-
lature of his State to utter a word against repeal,
his duty as an American Senator forbade htm to
obey such instructions.
He assumed that there was in the Senate a de-
cided majority in favor of a commercial bankrupt
law. When, therefore, he presented these amend-
ments, the object of which was simply to convert
the act already on the statute-book into a mere
commercial bankrupt law; and when he was met
with the objection that there was not time to inves-
tigate their merits at so late a period of the session,
he would reply, that if there was not time, it was
owing to the unprofitable discussions which had'
originated on the objecting side of the Senate; andi
if Ihe argument of want of lime was good in regard
to the amendments, it was equally good as to the
full investigation of ihe existing necessity for re-
pealing the law. If there was not time to remodel
it, there was not to repeal it. The natural deduc-
tion, then, was, that the law should be let alone, at
least till next session. But the amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary were not
obnoxious to the objection of want of time. The
modification of the existing law had been the sub-
ject of anxious deliberation with the Judiciary
Committee during the whole of the present session;
and all the lights of judicial inquiry and experience
had been consulted. The result of this considera-
tion had been the amendments now proposed. All
the evils that had been complained of had been
done away with, by the great mass of insolvency
having been swept away within the last twelve
months; and, from this time forth, the law will
have to act prospectively. Now, then, was the ac-
cepted time to establish a permanent commercial
system of bankruptcy, suitable to the wants and
advantages of a great commercial nalien.
He then proceeded to explain the objects and
expected operations of the various amendments.
The first proposition is, that so much of the ex-
isting law as relates t® voluntary bankruptcy shall
be repealed, and to substitute the provisions of the
bankrupt law of the 6ih of William IV. Any in-
solvent may go before the district court and file
the declaration of his insolvency, which author-
izes any creditor to sue out a commission of bank-
ruptcy; after which, the proceedings are to be the
same as in cases of involuntary bankruptcy. This
section is subject to various conditions, all ex-
plained in the amendment itself.
The next three amendments were definitions of
the persons who may be made bankrupts, and the
acts which constitute acts cf bankruptcy.
The fifth amendment relates to conveyances and
assignments of a debtor's property, which are made
acts ot bankruptcy.
The remaining amendments relate to the choice
of assignees by a majority m value of creditors;
the certificate of discharge by the same majority;
undivided responsibility in partnerships; regula-
tions of the proceedings in court; and proof of
debts.
He contended that the deliberate consideration
of these modifications was within the time which
might yet be devoted to the subject, before the
expiration of this session, tie next read extracts
from the answers received by the Secretary of
State, to inquiries made of the judiciary through,
out the States, as to the operation of the law. He
concluded that the States, classed as they were, into
agricultural States and commercial States, were
guided by their classification in the opinions they
had expressed on the subject of repeal. The com-
mercial states, chiefly interested in the benefits to
be derived from a bankrupt law, desired the con-
tinuance of the law, properly modified; while the
agricultural States, feehng that the benefits of a
bankrupt law would be felt most by the commer-
cial States, and that, in the main, such a law was
not essential to themselves, were in favor of its
repeal. This view of the agricultural Stales, he
contended, was not founded in correct principles;
for the interests of the commercial States were
also the interests of the agricultural States. He
denied that the frauds and evils predicted had re-
sulted from the operation of the bankrupt law.
The number of voluntary applications for the ben-
efit of the law had been but 32,899; 341 cases at
