MM
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the instance of creditors; 50 applications not
acted upon; 34 in which discharges were refused;
the whole number acted upon being 12,024. But
the beneficial operation of the law had been felt
chiefly in the compromises enforced by it upon
contesting debtors and cteditois. Gentlemen
who anticipated that 500,000 bankrupts would in-
stantly rnsh for the benefit of the law—and the
least calculation was 100,000—should now see that
when so small a number as 32,000 applications, in
reality, had been made, the indirect bene-
fits of the law must have been most conclusive in
its favor. He also dwelt upon the evidence of the
returns; that out ®f 12,000 cases acted upon, only
thirty had been refused their discharge on the
ground of fraud. Mr. B. then summed up his
reasons why the law should not be repealed. He
also stated his reasons for the coniinuation of the
law, properly modified.
In conclusion, he contended that the repeal of
the law would act most injuriously on the ciedit of
tbe country abroad.
Mr. WALKER wished to offer an amendment;
which was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That, when any private Incor-
porated banking company shall fail, upon presentment to said
Dank of any of its notes, checks, or bills, to pay and redeem
the same in specie, said failure shall be regarded as art act of
bankruptcy; and the hoiderof said note, check, or bill, so neg-
lected to be paid as aforesaid, may, upon affidavit of the facts,
sworn to by said Individual and at least two disinterested wit-
nesses, proceed against said company as bankrupts, as in other
caaes specified in this act: and the same proceedings shall be
had as in other cases; except that no certificate of discharge
shall be deemed necessary or proper to be given to any stock-
" holder of said company, except in cases where such siockhold-
•r« may be personally responsible for the debts of such com-
pany; and, in such case, said stockholders shall be discharged,
upon the same terms and lestrictions as ia the other cases of
final discharge authorized by this act.
Mr. Walker observed that he did not with at
all to obstruct the action of the Senate. Bat he
ielt bousd to make the motion, in conformity with
instructions from ihe Legislature of his own State.
He had originally voted for the bankrupt bill, in
obedience to instructions; and since the period of
its passage, the Legislature of his State had in-
structed him to do two things: in the first place, to
endeavor to make the bill more protective of the
tights of creditors; and, secondly, to include bank-
ing incorporations within tbe compulsory provi-
sions of the bill. The amendments proposed by the
Judiciary Committee would accomplish his first
object; and it was the purpose of the amendment
which he had just laid upon the table to effect the
second.
Mr. BERRIEN said the ordinary course was to
dispose of the amendment's proposed by the com-
mittee first. If the committee's amendments are
adopted, the Senator, having voted for them, can
move his amendment; if rejected in committee,
the Senator can then vote against the committee's
amendments, on the ground that his amendment
had bsen rejected.
Mr. KING said there appeared to him no dif-
ficulty in tha case. When an amendment was offer-
ed, whether reported by a committee, or presented
by an individual, it was subject to be amended.
He thought it strictly in order to take the question
upon the amendment of tbe Senator from Missis-
sippi to the amendments of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. BERRIEN was proceeding to reply, when
The CHAIR considered this a distinct proposi-
tion, not analogous to the amendments or report of
the committee; and that it was, therefore, proper
first to dispose of the commute e's amendments.
Mr. KING contended that the question being on
the committee's amendments, it certainly was com-
petent first to amend tfeem and make them per-
fect.
The CHAIR still considered it was not compe-
tent to introduce a new substantive proposition.
Mr. WALKER desired it to be understood that
he had no wish to obstruct the action of the Senate
upon this subject; but his position was very pecu-
liar, for, unless the amendment he had offered be
adopted, as well as those reported by the commit-
tee, he would be compelled to vote for the repeal
of the bankrupt bill unconditionally,
Mr. CHOATE hoped the amendment of the
Senator would be printed. As he understood it,
the object was to reach banks not paying specie,
as well as insolvent banks. He wished to have
time to consider the amendment, and therefore
wished it to be printed.
The CHAIR said that when the first amend-
ment came up, the first of the Senator's amend-
ments might be offered as an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that such a course of
proceeding would necessarily involve inconsis-
tencies.
After some general discussion on the point of
order,
The CHAIR put the question to the Senate
whether the consideration should be given to the
amendments of the committee, or those proposed
by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. KING explained bis views of the propriety
of sustaining the right of amending an amend-
ment.
Mr. EVANS ask in what particular form the
Senator proposed to move bis amendments. If he
chose to move it as an amendment to that section
describing the persons who may be bankrupts, it
would be perfectly in order; but certainly not as re-
gards the first section.
Mr. WALKER, to obviate all difficulty, would
move it as an amendment to the 4th section.
Mr. BERRIEN explained.
Mr. WALKER would greatly prefer if the Sen-
ate would allow the vote to be taken on his amend-
ment; because, if he had to vote on the first three
sections, it would be on propositions adverse to the
repeal of the law.
Mr. ARCHER said he did not see how it would
commit the Senator to vote for tbe first three sec-
tions, on the supposition that his amendments
would prevail; because he could reserve his vote,
should his amendments fail, when tha bill was re-
ported back to the Senate.
It was proposed that the Senate adjourn, or go
into executive session—the amendments of the
Senator from Mississippi beisg ordered to be
printed.
The discussion was continued on the priority of
amendments by Messrs. CONRAD, BUCHANAN,
and WALKER; when
Mr. EVANS hoped the bill would pass over
informally.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped not; but
Mr. TALLMADGE suggested that the Senate
was not full, and that it would be better to fix an
hour to-morrow for proceeding with the subject.
The CHAIR observed, that there was an objec-
tion to passing it over informally. It might be
laid on the table, or postponed, but not passed over
informally; objection being made.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to postpone the bill
till to-morrow.
This was decided in the negative—yeas 16,
nays 17.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for a division of the
question on the amendments.
Mr. BENTON suggested the propriety of taking
the whole as one amendment; and, to give time
for consideration, he moved to postpone the subject
till to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
Mr. EVANS took the ground that Ihe whole of
the amendments could be considered only a;, one
amendment; and it was unquestionably in order,
for the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
was first in order as an amendment to that amend-
ment.
The CHAIR then decided that the motion of the
Senator from Mississippi was in order.
Mr. BERRIEN objected; and, wishing for time
to considfr the amendment, moved to postpone the
subject till to-morrow at 12 o'oclock.
The question of postponement was carried—
ayes 20, noes 1G
Mr. EVANS submitted the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes in
relation to so much of the army bill as authorized
the appointment of ten cadets from the country at
large. The report of the committee was, that the
House recede from its disagreement to the Sen-
ate's amendment.
The report was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, stating that the annual statement on
commerce and navigation could not be completed
in time to transmit to Congress before the adjourn-
ment, and recommending that power be given to
the Secretary of the Senate to receive it, and have
it printed during the recess.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved an order giving
tbe Secretary of the Senate authority to receive,
and to have printed, 2,000 copies of the statement
above, in addition to the urual quantity.
Messrs. KING and ARCHER objected to the
printing of so many, as useless.
Messrs. EVANS and HUNTINGTON main-
tained that it was a document of great importance
to the commercial community, and hoped 2,000
copies additional would be printed.
Mr. BENTON suggested a modification of the
number to 520; which suggestion the mover of the
motion refused to yield to.
Mr. WALKER then suggested 1,500 copies.
This was received; and the order, thus modified,
was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
covering statements showing the official emolu-
ments and expenses of the officers ot the customs;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Dfpartment, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 21st instant, a copy
ef the contract entered into by Robert Fulton for
the construction of certain steamer*; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. YOUNG, was ordered to be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a message from the
President of the United States, t ansmiiting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
20th instant, a report from the State Department, of
the correspondence relating to the quin'uple treaty;
which was, on motion by Mr. BENTON, ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
-Friday, February 24, 1843.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York presented the
petition of Hannah Parkman and others, of the
city of Hudson, New York, praying an extension
of the widows' pension act of July, 1838.
MILITARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS a?ked the favor of the
House to discharge tbe Committee of the Whole
on the state cf the Union from the further consider-
ation of tbe bill to divide the United States into
two military divisions.
Mr. GOGGIN opposed the motion; and alleged,
as a reason for its not being adopted, that the
chairman of tbe Committee on Military Affairs
was absent,
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS said the bill was a bant-
ling of bis own, and therefore he thought he ought
to he permitted to nurse it, without waiting for the
membeis of the Mili'ary Committee to return from
New Jtr>ey, Philadelphia, and all about the Union.
The question was taken on the motion to dis-
charge ihe Committee of the Whole from the fur
ther consideration of the bill, and resulted-—yeas
63, nays 28. No quorum.
The following billf Jfrom ihe Senate wera read
the first and second time, r.cd referred:
An set providing for holdi.-g a circuit court at
Wi!liamspor , in the wf stern distnet of Pennsylva-
nia: refened to the Co^mit'cc on the Judiciary,
after an ineffectual; fforf, on tbe part of Mr. Bid-
lack, to have it fil'es up '.ad pp.ss«d.
An act for the relief of the West Feliciana Rail-
read Comprjij: referred to the Committee of Ways
and Mean*.
The navy appropriation bill, returned from the
Senate with amendments, was taken up; and, af-
ter the amendment had been read, was referred,
on motion of Mr. FILLMORE, to the Committee
on Naval Affairs,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, in re-
lation to the arrivals of American vessels in foreign
ports: laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury Dei
