CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34$
partmenl, showing the number and comppnsation
of the clerks employed in tfiat department.
Also, a report from the P- si Office Department,
made in compliance with the provisir ns of the act
of 84 July, 183G, showing the operations of that de-
partment for the past year; bo!h of which were
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER communicated certain resolves
of the Territorial Legislature of Wisconsin; which
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS renewed his motioH to
discharge the Committee of the Whole from the
bill to divide the United States into two military
districts; which motion was decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 88, noes not counted.
Mr. W. then moved to take up the bill for con-
sideration.
Mr. GRANGER objected.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved a suspension of
the rules; which motion was lost.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL moved to take up the
bill (No. 649) to saspend the operation of the sec-
ond section of the act for the apportionment of
Representatives among the several States, so far as
the same may affect the election of members of the
28th Congress.
Mr. FILLMORE said he would not object, pro-
vided the gentleman would move also to take up
the bill regulating the taking of testimony in cases
of contested elections.
Mr, JOHN CAMPBELL said that he had no
objection to take up that bill when the other was
disposed of.
Mr. TURNEY objecting,
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL moved to suspend the
rules so far as they regarded the above two bills;
which motion was carried—ayes 117, noes 30.
The bill suspending the operations of ths second
section of the apportionment bill was then taken
up and read.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL said that the object of
this bill was simply to suspend the operations of
the second section of the act for the apportionment
of Representatives among the several States, so
far as it affected the election of members of the
next Congress. From present circumstances, there
was every reason to believe that the preceding
clauses of the apportionment law would go quiet-
ly into operation, notwithstanding the loud clamor
that was raised at it in various parts of the coun-
try at the time of its passags. In every case but
one, the people had given unequivocal evidence
that it met their approval; and that single excep-
tion was the State of New Hampshire, which he
had no doubt would, in time, be induced to sup-
port it. But the condition of things in New
Hampshire was not the only obstacle to carrying
the law into operation. In the State of Georgia,
the elections came on previous to the time of the
meeting of their Legislature; and though the Le-
gislature on its me ting proceeded almost imme-
diately to divide the State into congressional dis-
tricts for the twenty-ninth Congress, yet the elec-
tions for the twenty-eighth Congress having al-
ready taken place, they had no power under the
constitution to set thera aside, and order new
elections. The same state of things had happened
is Missouri; but he was informed that a majority
of the people of that State were in favor of the
district system, and they would eventually adopt it.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS said that the gentleman
was mistaken—a majority of the Legislature be-
lieved that the act of Congress was unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that he would waive that
point for the present; it was not necessary for his
argument. Nearly a similar state of things ex-
isted ia Mississippi a3 in Georgia and Missouri.
Under these circumstances, it appeared to him,
ifaat not only sound policy, but justice required the
rsage of this law, or one of a similar character.
they refused to do it, they must exclude from
Congress the representatives of three States, which
have had no opportunity to comply with the pro-
visions of the apportionment act. Persons who
had been elected in these States would present
themselves, claiming their seats here; and a col-
lision would probably take place, such as had
never been witnessed in this country. It was true
the Governor of Georgia bad vetoed the bill passed
by the Legislature of his State for laying it off
into congressional districts; but this did not weaken
the claim of the people of that State to be rep-
resented here in the next Congress. It only showed
that the Governor had such a contempt for tbe
opinion of his constituents, that he would not per-
mit them to judge for themselves, whether the law
was for their interest or sot. At the next m-e'kg
of the Legislature, the State will have a Chief
Magistrate willing to carry the views of the peo-
ple into effect.
It might seem out of place for bim, at this time,
to enter into any argument in favor of the appor-
tionment law; but he could not refrain from no-
ticing a few of the considerations which, it ap-
peared to him, ought to recommend it to favorable
notice. One of its most important advantages was
the securing equality and uniformity in elections.
It could not fail to be perceived that the greatest
inequality had hitherto existed. Thus, a State
which elected by general ticket, with one-seventh
of the population of the great State of New York,
outvoted that great State three times to one. If
gentlemen would make the calculation, they would
find that every citizen of New Jersey exercised
twenty times the political power cf a citizen ef
New York. He might go on with the illustration,
and show that New Hampshire outvoted Pennsyl-
vania, with three times her population. Gentle-
men who would observe the signs of the times,
w.r.ld be convinced that this was an evil that was
grow ngj and that would soon force every one of
the Su es to adopt the general-ticket system.
He ihm pointed out the tendency of the general-
ticket system to produce sectional divisions, dan-
gerous even to the existence of the Union i self.
The reason why the people of this country wer<?
the most obedient to law of any people on the face
of the earth, was simply because they believed that
they lived under a Government of their own cre-
ation, and in which, therefore, they could place
confidence. But the modus operandi of (he general-
ticket system—the nomination of a ticket at some
central point for which the people must vote,
though the candidates were entirely unknown to
them, or they need not vote at all—placed the pos-
sessors of the franchise at the mercy of a central
oligarchy; and thus distrust and dissatisfaction were
occasioned. There were many other considera-
tions, equal in importance to those he had men-
tioned—yta, even much greater—which must rec-
ommend the scheme he advocated to the American
people. But as the subject was fully discussed at
the last session of Congress, and as all those ques-
tions had been long before the people, he should
allude to a few only. The first to which he would
allude was its importance in restoring the Demo-
cratic principle of Government, which was now
entirely destroyed. The next was, its importance
in preserving the influence ef the small States
from the vortex into which the adoption of the
general-ticket system would ingulf them—a crisis
to which they were fast hastening. Further its
importance as a restoration of the voice of repre-
sentatives, who were now entirely silenced by the
general-ticket system. In addition to the?e, he
enumerated other important points, and then ap-
pealed to the House to pursue a system of concilia-
tion and compromise, which was found at the
foundation of our Government.
He pursued his remarks at some length, snd en-
treated the House to avoid the scenes which must
be witnessed at the commencement of the next Con-
gress, if some such measure were notagreed upon.
He then replied to some legal objections which had
been raised, and by eminent authority showed
that this was not such an ex post facto law as the
Constitution forbade. He quoted largely from
Dallas's reports, the opinions of Mr. Justice Chase,
and Chief Justice Marshall, and likewise from the
report of the Committee of Elections, in which
this question was fully discussed.
He concluded his rematks by expressing the
hope that the bill would be allowed to pass, and
thereby avoid much confusion which would ensue
at the next meeting of Corgress, and which
would, he thought, inevitably result; from fte
fact that, however disposed the -House mipht be
to repeal the present law directing the States to
district their territory, such a measure could not
pass the Senate.
Mr. FILLMORE obtained the floor,(and moved
the previous question.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was taken on lay in* ths billon the:
'table, and resulted—yeas 71, aays 115, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allen, Babcock, Barnard, Eir^eye,
Blair, Boardman, Boits, Briggs, Bronson, Jeremiah Brown,
Burnett, Caruthers, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke. James
Cooper, Cravens, Crawford, Dean, Deberrv, John Edwards,
Fessenden, Fillmore, Fornance, Goggm, P G. Goode, Gordon,
Granger, Green, [Jays, Henry, Hopkins, HubirJ, Hunt, James
Irvm, James, Cave Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Andrew Ken-
nedy, King, Linn, McKay, McKennan, Alfred Marshall, Mathiot,
Mattocks, Meriwether, Morris, Morrow, Owsley, Partridge,
Pope, Ramsey, Benjamin Rjndall, Alexander Randall, JRayner,
Ridgway, Riggs, James M. Russell, Sanford, Shepperd, Sny-
der, Stratton, Summers, Turney, iXTtuletwood, Joseph L.
Chris. IT. Williams, White, Wmthrop, Yorke. and John Young
—7).
NaYS—Messrs. L. W. Andrews, Arnold, Arrington, Atherlon,
Baker, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Borden, Itowne, Brewster,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Br^wn, Burke, William Butler, Wra.
O. Butler, P. C. Caldwell, J Campbell, W. B. Campbell. T. J.
Campbell, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden, Clinton, Coles, M A.
Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cross, Daniel, G. Davis, R. D. Davis,
Dawson, Doan, Doig, John C, Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris,
John G. Floyd, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Giaham,
Gustine, Gwin, Halsted, Harris, Holmes, Houck, Houston,
Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R, Ingersoll, William
VV. Irwin, Jack, John W. Jones, Isaac D. Jones, Lane, Lewis,
Liulefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan,
McKeon, Mallory, Marchand, Mathews, Maynard, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Newhard, Oliver, Osborne, Parmenter, Payne,
Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Read, Reding, Rencher, /Reynolds,
Roosevelt, William Russell, Saimders, Shaw, Shields, Steen-
rod, Stokely. Alexander H. II. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Sum-
ter, Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tilling-
hast, Toland, Tomhnson, Trotti, Van Buren, Van Rensse-
laer, Ward, Washington, Waiteison, Weller, Westbrook,
Edward D. White, Thcs. W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Wise, Wood, and Augustus Young—115.
The question recurring on the moiion for the
previous question,
Mr. MARK A. COOPER rose, and respectfully
requested ihe gentleman from New York [Mr 
Fillmore] to withdraw the previous question for a
few moments. Mr, C. said bis friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Campbell] had assumed to take the
Governor of Georgia to task here, for an official act
performed. He (Mr. C.) would be happy to have
an opportunity to put his friend from South Caro-
lina right in this assumption, and to enable him to
entertain some just views of Siate rights.
Mr. FILLMORE refused to withdraw the pre-
vious question; the call for •which was sustained,
and (he main question ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to its engrossment;
and, having bren read a third time,
Mr. FILLMORE called the previous question
on tbe passage* which was sustained.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas 90, nays 91, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Arrington, Atherton, Barton, Bee-
son, Bidlack, Borden, Bowne, Brewster, Aaron V, Brown,
Bnrke, Wrilham Butler, William O Butler, John Campbell,
William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Casey, Chap-
man, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cranston,
Cioss, Cushing, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Doan,
Doig, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Gamble,
Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Gustine, Gwin, Halsted, Harris, Hast-
ings, Holmes, Houck, Houson, Hubard, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jack, Isaac D. Jones, Lane, Lewis, Littlcfiekl, Lowell, Abra-
ham McClellan, Robert McClellan, Mallory, Marchand, Mitch-
ell, Newhard, Parmenter, Paitridge, Payne, Plumer, Pope,
Reed, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Sanford,
Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Sfokely, Alexander H. H.
Stuart, Sumter, Taliaferro, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast.
Trotti, Van liuren, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Waiterson,
Wcstbtook, Edward D, White, Thomas W. Williams, and
Wood—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ay-
crigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnaid, Biidseye, Blair, Boardman,
Botta, Briggs, Brnrkway, Bronson, J-remiah Brown, Borne}!,
Caruthers, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
James Cooper, Cravens, Crawford, Garrett Davie, Deberry,
John Edwards, Fessenden, Fillmore, Giddings, Patrick G.
Goole, Gordon, Graham, Gianger, Green, Henry, Hopkins,
Hudson, Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll, James Irvm, William
W. Irwin, James, Cave Johnson, John P, Kennedy, Andrew
Kennedy, King, Linn, McKay, McKennan, Alfred Marshall,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether, Moore-
Morgan, Morns, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Powell, Ram-
sey, Benjamin Randal), Alexander Randall, Randolph, Ray-
ner, Ridgway, William Russeli, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Shepperd, Steenrod, Stratton, John T. Stuart, Summers,
Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Turney, Underwood, Washing-
ton, Weller, Joseph L. White, Christopher H. William*,
Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Yorke, Auguwua
Young, and John Young—91.
So the bill was rejected,
