CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
MS
lay the bill on the table, and resulted in the nega-
tive—yeas 19, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert. Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Chuate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, "Porter, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tall-
madge, White, and Woodbndge—25.
Mr. ALLEN said it was obviously impossible to
pass this bill, without such an opposition as must
lead to a most protracted debate. He put it to the
Senators en the other side, whether they could
stacd justified before the country for obstruct-
ing the public business by this attempt to
force through such a bill, subjecting the exhausted
treasury of the Government 10 an expenditure of
half a million of dollars, f"r no other necessary
purpose but the reward of their pariisan press?
Could they plead any public necessity for this
measure? What necessity could ihey plead, but the
real one—that of sustaining ihe political organ of
their party? What did the people care for this
publication? What did they want wuh ii? If mem-
bers of Congress had occasion to refer to old de-
bates, they could do so at any time in the library
of Congress. They had the same materisls there,
that were to compose this publication. They had
the Register of Debates from 1824 to 1837, and
the Congressional Globe and Appendix from 1837
to this date. And he would here say that the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, already published,
and continuous in course of publication, contained
the most extensive, accuiale, and impartial reports
ever before published, and a greater amount of
matter than had ever been offered to the public at
so small a charge. Tnis was a publication open
to every member of Congress to correct, aid pub-
lish in the most authentic form, both h>s remark*
in running debate, and speeches at large. The
Appendix was devoted to speeches written out by
members themselves; so that, if the reporters unin-
tentionally make mistakes, these inaccuracies s!and
corrected in the Appendix. And as to information
of the proceedings of Congress to be given to
the people, did not this very publication effect
more than Congress itself could effect? for it
has already a most extensive circulation, and
reaches to every part of the Union What more
could be effected by a contract of Government to
publish it over again? There was obviously no
necessity for incurring the expense of republishing
the Congressional Globe anil Appendix. So much
for that part of the bill. Now, with regard to the
other proposition—that of reprinting the old de-
bates from 1789 to 1824, and purchasing 1,000
copies of the Register of Debates from 1824 to
1837—he would ask, how much money all this
was to ccsi? He would venture to say that the
expense could not fall short of half a million of
dollars. It was ea*y lo judge by experience. Mr.
A. then referred, somewhat m detail, to the expend-
itures by Congress from time to time on similar pub-
lications—such as the Documentary History of the
Revolution, the Register of Debates, &c. He as-
sured the Senators on the other side it was not pos-
sible for them to pass this bill, without such an op-
position as must necessarily involve a protracted
discussion, which would obstruct all other busi-
ness. He therefore hoped they would yield to a
motion he should make—which was, to postpone
the bill indefinitely; and on this motion he called
for the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. McROBERTS reminded Senators that there
were but five days of the session to complete the
vast amount of business yet awaiting the action
the Senate. It must be quite obvious that, to ar
eomplish all this necessary and important business,
the whole of that time would 1 e jequired, even
without debate; and it was equally obvious that, if
this bill was persisted in, it would be opposed and
discussed to an indefinite extent, rendering it im-
possible to devote any attention to the general cal-
endar. He therefore hoped they would allow the
motion of postponement to prevail.
Mr. WOODBURY said there ivas one point of
view which ought to satisfy gentlemen that this was
no time to press such a bill as this. It was, that
this proposition would have to be carried out on
borrowed money. Now, he would ask, was there
not an obvious impropriety, setting aside all con-
siderations as to the inexpediency or imperfection
of the plan proposed, to borrow money at six per
cent, interest, for any such purpose as this?
Mr. WRIGHT adverted to the principle of dis-
tributing books to members of Congress at the pub-
lic expense, which he had hoped the Senate had
long since lepudiated. This bill, he considered
nothing more nor less than a proposition to resume
that practice. Congress was to pay as much for
1,000 sets of these publications, as would enable
the publishers to lay aside another thousand sets
for future operations on Congress. The thousand
sets first purchased by Congress were to lumber
the rooms of the library till they became a nuis-
ance, and then Congress was to be called upon to
distribute ibem to its own members. When that
thousand sets become thus exhausted, succeeding
Congresses will think themselves unfairly dealt
with, if they too are not to get sets of the same
books. They will be told by the publishers that
they have only to pass a resolution to purchase the
reserved copies in their hands, and that is sure to
be done. Thus the surplus copies of the publish-
ers are sure to be ordered. What had it cost Con-
gress, during the past two or three years, for books
thus distributed? Not les-'s, he believed, than be-
tween sixty and seventy thousand dollars.
He asked who was lo be the author of the com-
pilation of the Debates in Congress, from Ihe year
1789, and who was to measure the extent of the
work? Who could tell what matter is either pub-
lished or suppressed in the compilation?
The stereotyped resolution in Congress is, that
all such books as have hiiherto been distributed to
members of Congress, shall be procured for mem-
bers who have not received any; and if any new
books are ordered, they are to be included. Thus
the whole mass is kept moving, increasing in ex-
penses a? it progresses.
As to the published Register of Debates by Gaies
and Seaton: he read from the debates of 1832 a
paragraph sneering at the remarks of Mr. Hill
in the Senate; and also another in relation to Mr.
Benton in the same year, therein it was stated in
conclusion lhat the Senator then "gave way."
Mr. BENTON. Broke down, I suppose. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WRIGHT continued. He referred again
to allusions made to a speech of Mr. Hill on ihe
subject of the Bank of the United States, which occu-
pied between two and three hours; but is dismissed
with a sneer at his practice of reading from co-
pious notes prepared for his speeches. Mr. W.
also referred to a speech made by himself in the
House of Representatives on the tariff, in 1828,
which had cost him a vast deal of labor and re-
search, and which, in fact, embodied the only ar-
guments of importance urged on his side of the
question; yet he had been unable to find the slight-
est reference to that speech in Gales & Seaton's
Register of Debates, although he had furnished the
publishers with a corrected copy of it, in printed
form, to be placed in its proper place.
If it should be the opinion of Congress that the
debates from 1789 should be published, a revision
ought to be made, and important questions of con-
stitutional law should be selected in preference to
unimportant subjects.
He produced the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for the twenty-fourth Congress, which he
took as an average of the size of the series, and
computed that the proceedings of each Congress
would make six volumes; so that the republication
of" the Congressional Globe and Appendix would
make sixty volumes. In allusion to Gales &
Seatcn's Register of Debates proposed to be re-
published or purchased, and Ihe number of vol-
umes necessary to give the debates from 1789 to
1824, he calculated that the whole could not, even
at a moderate estimate, be computed at less than
100 volumes; so that 1,000 sets would comprise
100,000 volumes; which, at the price proposed,
(§5 per volume,) would amount to $500,000.
Alluding to the remarks of the Senator from
Delaware, in reference to reports of proceedings—
when the matter published amounted to ten or
twelve columns daily, there were necessarily many
inaccuracies, inevitable from the fsct of the repor-
ters not hearing distinctly what is said, or failing
to catch the ideas intended to be crnveyed; which
showed lhat a republication of such reports, au-
thenticated by the sanction of Congress, would
present anything but a correct and faithful regis-
ter of what was said and done. It was obvious,
then, that it would be improper to become responsi-
ble for such republications.
But, independently of all considerations of de-
tail, he would ask, was it, at this late period of the
session, proper to persist in pressing forward a bill
which must consume the time that ought to be de-
voted to the business of the session yet to be dis-
posed of?
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the motion to postpone
would prevail. He was nltprly amazed to find,
from the calculation of the Senator from New
York, that this was a proposition to give half a
million of dollars to one company of printer-!, and
he supposed not less than a quarter of a million to
another—making $750,000, in all, chargeable on
the treasury.
He would ask the chairman of Ihe Committee
on Retrenchment what would be the aggregate
amount deducted from ihe salaries of officers and
persons in the public service, should the amend-
ment to the reform bill of the House be adopted.
Mr. MOREHEAD replied, that the reduction of
12i per cent, would effect a saving of something
like $460,000. The House retrenchments would
probably make the amount $150,000 more.
Mr. CALHOUN, on this information, conlimted
his remarks—the purport of which was, to show
the mockery of professing a zeal for retrenchment,
in clippings from the salaries of pub!io servants
to the extent of four or five hundred thousand dol-
lars, while this bill proposed to rquander $750,000
among four printers,
Mr. ALLEN said that, when he first faw this
bill, he felt considerable surprise at finding in it
the proposition to include the publication of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix in the vast
job contemplated. This surprise led him to make
some inquiry on the subject, and he was pleased to
find—as, indeed, from what he knew of the editor
of the Globe, he confidently anticipated—that he
had nothing whatever to do with the proposition,
nor had he any idea of its being in the bill, till
brought to bis notice by this debate. He (Mr.
A ) had further learned from the ed'tor of the
Globe, that, so far from approving this proposition,
he would not only repudiate any participalion in
such a proceeding, but utterly denounce ihe whole
thing in the editorial columns of his paper.
What, then, he (Mr. A.) would a^, could have
been the object of putting the Congressional Globe
and Appendix in the bill at all, in conjunction,
with the Register of Debates and contract with
Gales & Seaton for publishing the proceedings
of CoDgress from 1789 to 1824, but to enlist both
sides of this chamber in favor of a measure which
was to result m the benefit of ihe organs of both
parlies? He was far from impaling such motives
to any Senator, much less to the estimable and
honorable individuals composing the Library Com-
mittee; for he felt well assured they originated
outside this Capitol. But he would ask those who
built upon such foundations, did they imagine that
Democratic Senators coald be brought to vote
in silence upon this bill, because it contained a
proposition to confer upon their party organ
a profitable contract? If they did, they were
grossly ignorant of the great principles which
actuated the Democracy, of which Ihey were
the delegated exponents. Mr. Allen here
denounced, with much energy, She proposition to
include Blair & Rives in Ihis monstrous job. He
also dwelt upon the principles which should actuate
all legislation, with a view of showing that, there
being no necessity for these contracts, but that
arising out of the cupidity of individual publishers.
It was a gross outrage on the powers intrusted to
Congress to legislate for any such purpose.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his extreme gratifi-
cation at the Senator's intimation that the editor of
the Globe had so promptly denounced the intro-
duction of his natae into this bill. He hoped,
therefore, in justice to that talented editor, thai
