CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 57
tion he called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested that 100 would be more
than were wanted for the use of the General Gov-
ernment.
Mr. McROBERTS accepted the suggestion, and
made his motion to strike out 1,000, and insert
100.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 19, nays 21, as follow;:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, McLiuffie, McRoberts, Rives, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wright—19.
NAYS—-Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choate,
Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Hnnting(on,K.err, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Porter, Smith of
Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbric'ge—21.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to amend the third sec-
tion, by striking out the words "10 be distributed in
such manner as Congress shall hereafter direct;"
on which be cailed for the yeas and nay?; which
were ordered.
The question on this amendment was taken, and
resulted in the negative—yeas 19, nays 21, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—MesBrs. Aliens Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cutbbert, Fulton, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Rives, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choate,
Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Kerr,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Porter, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
Whits, and Woodbridge—21.
Mr. TAPPAN moved a proviso, that the dis-
tribution of such copies shall not be made by this
nor any future Congress; on which the yeas and
nays were called for, and ordered.
The question was then taken on this amendment,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 26, nays 11,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer. Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Conrad. Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham. Hen-
derson, King, McDuffie, Mcttoberis, Mangum, Rives. Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Stmgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, and Wiight—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates. Berrien, Choate, Dayton, Evans,
Kerr, Merrick, Miller, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—11.
Mr. McROBERTS moved that the Senate do
now adjourn. On this question he called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The Senate refused to adjourn—ayes 14, noes
21.
Mr. ALLEN moved to insert a proviso, that,
"before any contract or agreement made under the
provisions of this bill, and entered into, shall be
binding, such contract shall be reported to both
Houses of Congress; and, unless approved of by
them, shall not be valid." On tbis question he
called for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken on this amend-
ment, and decided in the negative—yeas 19, nays
22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Rives, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Porter,
Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, arid Woodbridge—22.
Some verbal amendments were rr.ade at she sugges-
tion of Messrs. KING and HENDERSON, render-
ed necessary in consequence of the names of Blair
& Hives having been stricken out.
Mr. WRIGHT moyed to strike out the words
"such as are contained in that portion of the se-
ries already published."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WRIGHT neit moved to strike out the
4th section, which was that making the appropria-
tion for carrying out the proposition.
On this motion he called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 19, nays
23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Rives, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan. Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Archei, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton Evans, Gra-
ham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum. Merrick, Miller,
Porter, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—23.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to strike out the words
"Gales & Seaton," and insert "some suitabl;
person willing to contract," &c. He asked the
gentlemen opposite what confidence they would
have in the impartiality of Blair & Rives, in se-
lecting materials for such a publication? And if
they would not be willing to intrust them, how
could they ask the Democratic party to have confi-
dence in the impartiality of Gales & Seaton.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said, possibly the objection
might have some weight, if the proposition was for
Gales & Seaton to write speeches and debates for
publication; but the contract was to be simply for
republishing speeches and debates already pub
lished.
Mr. BUCHANAN had no disposition to cast
any imputation on Gales & Seaton's integrity5 nor
did he imagine the Senator from Ohio had. By
an arbitrary rule, just adopted at the instance of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Henderson,]
the debates from 1789 to 1824 v.'ere 10 be com-
pressed into 12 volumes; and the power to select,
compress, and cut down these debates, was to be
given to Gales & Seaton. Now, if he (Mr. B.)
was in the present majority, he would not—at least
he thought he could not—persuade his friends to
choose Blair & Rives for execu'ing such a task.
Such a man as Jared Sparks would be a proper
person to make the compendium; for, notwith-
standing all that had been said, be considered Jared
Sparks an honest man. [The French map being
mentioned.] Ay, notwithstanding die French map.
Mr. BENTON. That map killed him, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN pointed out a few reasons
which induced him and his friends to prefer Gales
& Seaton to any one that cauld be selected. They
alone possessed the materials for the compilation.
Mr. BENTON remarked that he could find, in
the Library of Congress, abundance of materials
for the compilation; and, he would venture to say,
far better rhsn Gales & Seattsn could possibly have.
Mr. CRIITENDEN had no doubt the Senator
so bc-lieved; but he was equally certain he was mis-
taken. Mr. C. then passed -s w?rm eu'ogium on
Mr. Gales, and concluded by declaring he did not
know a man so well qualified fci 'he la^k in every
particular.
Mr. BUCHANAN disclaimed any imputation
inconsistent with the highest rei.peet f./r Gales &
Seaton. What he said, and intended to say, was,
that no party editors shou'd have the compilation;
for, unless a person, so associated with party, were
an angel, he could not divest himself of some pre-
judice likely to operate unconsciously. Without
knowing it, he would necessarily find himself giv-
ing preference to the speeches of his own party, or
overestimating their value, and undeiestimating
those of the opposite party.
Mr. CRITTENDEN (if he understood the Sen-
ator) supposed he would hardly intrust this publi-
cation to any but an angel. Now, if ihe Senator
can get an angel to turn editor, he ua-i ready to
give him the preference ovar Gales & Seaton; but,
as the work must in reality be done by mortal
man, and not by anyeis, he would soontrtake
Gales & Seaton than others, when ell must have
some political feeling in s c°imtry like this, and no
one else had equal abJities aiM materials tor per-
forming the task.
Mr. BUCHANAN knew the Senator had a
great deal of the milk of human kindness in his
composition, but he did not suppose it would carry
him so far as to say that Nicholas Bidale wtuld
be an impartial person tochooje for'electing mate-
rials for the history of the United States Bank.
And as to angels, he couid hardly persuade
himself that the Senator would prefer them to
Gales & Seaton as editor.; of this w.nk.
Mr. BENTON now pioduetd and referred to
numerous laige volumes of newspapers from the
Library of Congress, containing a continuous series
of debates from 1789 to the late war; from which
he showed that debates were reported in full, and
in the handsomest style.
Mr. SEVIER asked the Senator to give wy for
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BENTON faid there was d-j occasion. He
was quite fresh and vigorous, and had just waked
up from the sola, where he had recruited himself
for this night's work. He meant first to prove
that others could perform this task quite as well, if
not better, than Gales & Seaton. The messengers
were bringing him in ihe folios as quick as thty
could, and had j el a cartload in reserve.
Mr. SEVIER moved an adjournment; and oa
tbis question called lor the yeas and nay?; which:
were ordered; and
The Senate refused to adjourn—yeas 19, nays 21.
Mr. BENTON then proceeded to turn over the
debates in the folios of newspapers before him,
commenting on them as he proceeded. While do-
ing so, some laughter occurred; upon which he said
this bill was not a subject for joking, it was too
abominable for that—it was damnable. He could
tell gentlemen it would and should be fought
against, if every day and night, without intermis-
sion, till the 4th of March, was to be spent in the
contest. It should go abroad in every direction,
and to the most remote recesses of the Union, that
the public business had been entirely superseded at
ihe close of the ]s.st eession of this expiring Con-
gress, to enable genilt men from whose hands the
power they had so much abused was departing, to
pension their partisan press Mr. B. spoke with
great energy and effect for more than half an hour,
pointing out all the iniquities of this proportion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tafpan's
amendment to sTi^eout "Gales& Seaton" and in-
sert a "suitable person," &c.; and decided in the
negative—yeas 16, ngys 19, as follow?:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith, of Connecticut, Tap.
pan, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Clayton, Critten-
den, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Potter, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—19.
Mr. ALLEN observed that the Senate having
been eight hours in session, it was now time to ad-
journ. He, therefore, moved an adjournment, and
called for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The Senate agau refused to adjourn—yeas 16,
na>'s ?0, as follows:
YEAS—Mer-:-i - Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun*
Fulton, King, H'. vii. 1 rimith, of Connecticut, Tap-
pan, Wilcox, Williams. Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16.
NAYS—Messis Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morebead, Porter, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—20.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to strike out the
words "$5 per vulume," and insert "$3 per volume."
On this motion the yeas and nays were called
for, and ordered; and resulted—yeas 16, nays 20,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun!
Fulton. King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tap-
pan, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dayton, Kvans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Mangum. Miller, Morehead, Porter, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbndge—20.
Mr. WOODBURY n«xt moved to amend the
4th section, by makine ihe appropriation only ex-
tend to the present year, leaving each succeeding
year to be appropriated for in the ordinary appro-
priation bills.
On this amendment :s e yea«and nays were call-
ed for, and or.'ered; and resulted—yeas 16, nays 20,
a-. follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benion, Buchanan, Conrad,
Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tap-
pan, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Yountr—!6.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evan=, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Mangum, Mllicr. Morehead, Porter, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—20
Mr. BENTON said there was one part of the
bill which admitted of amendment as long as a
figure of it held together—he meant the proposition
of paying for 1,000 copies. He had a great many
amendments to ofi'..t on that poin'; and to give him-
self latitude enough, he would begin with a rise of
50 copies over ihe rejected number moved as a sub-
stituteby the Sena'orfrom Illinois; andsogoing on,
50 at a time, till he could get some of his amend-
ments to stick. He d,d not doubt that the slar^
now beaming in on the windows, would give way
to the rising fun before they were all got through.
He would begin wrh 150 He therefore moved
to strike oul 1,000, and insert 150; and on tbis mo-
tion required the ; eas and nays. It would be a
good day',*, wnk to ;ave the < ouoiry half a mil-
lion of dollars in one <!a>; ar.d it made him quite
fresh and vigorous to think of it. He felt that he
