360
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. EVERETT gave his views at length upon
the subject.
Mr. RANDOLPH defended his colleague [Mr.
AtcRigo] for the course he had pursued in re-
lation to the coast survey. Living, as they did,
on the Atlantic coast, and witnessing, annually,
wrecks strewed on their shores, and poor weather-
beaten mariners crawling to land, and begging
their way through the country, with bare heads
and exposed feet, they were extremely anxious
that the coast survey should be hurried on, that
mariners might have the guidance of charts, and,
by their aid, be enabled to avoid those points on
which their vessels, with their cargoes and their
hopes, were wrecked together. He next examined
the mode of operation ef Mr. Hassler, the superin-
tendent of the coast survey, and the progress he
had made, to show the necessity of resorting to a
change, both of persons to execute the work, and
of the system by which it was to be accomplished.
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed a desire to offer
some remarks on an amendment he intended to
submit hereafter, and which he would be prevented
from offering by the arrival of the hour of three
o'clock.
The CHAIR decided that it would not be in
order.
Mr. WISE expressed the hope that the commit-
tee would come to a vote upon the amendments.
He hoped that which had been offered by his col-
league, [Mr. Mallory,] and which, after the full-
est conference, had received the approval of four
out of five of the select committee on the const
survey, would be adopted.
Mr. RANDOLPH offered an amendment, which
the Chair decided to be out of order.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said it struck him that these
coast surveys ought to be dismissed entirely. Some
gentlemen seemed to think Mr. Hassler was the
only man in the country capable of carrying on the
coast survey.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL wished to know who
said so.
Mr. AYCRIGG remarked that many members
had said so. He heard Mr. Hassler say so himself.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that what he and
other gentlemen who had defended Mr. Hassler
contended, was, that by his attainments and
experience he was the most capable and proper
person m the country to carry on the survey. They
did not, however, contend that Mr. Hassler was the
only man who was capable of conducting it.
Mr. MALLORY remarked that the work was
now unfinished; and to lake it altogether out of the
hands of lho;e who had conducted it thus far,
would be doing an injury. He thought that the
work should be taken out of their hands, but not
suddenly and abruptly, without securing to the
Government the benefit of their experience.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON contended that, as the
Select Committee proposed to organize the board
of officers of the coast survey, Mr. Hassler and
his assistants would constitute a majority, and,
therefore, have control over the whole work.
Mr. MALLORY said he would explain that
also. It was known ihat he entertained no very
great respect for Mr. Hassler; yet it was due to
him, as late superintendent of the survey, that he
should be placed in a situation where he could ex-
plain his conduct and illustrate his views.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said it was not neces-
sary to give him a majority on the board in order
to do that.
Mr. MALLORY said he would not have a ma-
jority. Two of Mr. Hassler's assistants differed
from hin  materially. Mr. H., then, did not have
a majority, but it was a fair board.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the board ought to be
constituted of army and navy officers—the best
qualified being selected—and not by men whose in-
terest it would be to carry on the survey in the most
expensive way.
Mr. C. BROWN remarked that his amendment
would bring about the object which the gentleman
desired.
Mr. CALHOUN next obtained the floor, and
read from a report of tbe Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, made some years since, to show that the sur-
vey could not be advantageously carried on by
navy officers.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C.
Brown,] reducing tbe appropriation from $100,000
to $45,000, and the amendment was negatived.
Mr, RANDOLPH offered an amendment appro-
priating $10,000 to reduce the field notes already
taken to paper, in lieu of the $100,000 for carrying
on the survey in future.
Mr. MALLORY opposed the amendment, and
contended that it would confer on the superintend-
ent more power than he now possessed. It would
not effect the reform which it was intended to bring
about, and the $10,000 would do nobody any good
but Mr. Hassler.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
the select committee, offered by the gentleman/iom
Virginia, [Mr. Mallory,] and published in the
proceedings of Saturday.
It was agreed to without a division.
The clause appropriating$13,381 69 forthe sup-
port of the pententiary in the District of Co-
lumbia having been read—
Mr. BOARDMAN offered an amendment, re-
ducing the appropriation to $5,000. He knew of
nothing peculiar in that institution to render so
large an appropriation for its support necessary.
The penitentiary in his State, as well as the peni-
tentiaries in several otherStates, paid their own ex-
penses; and Ihe institution here, by proper manage-
ment, might be made to do the same thing. He
thought the adoption of the amendment would com-
pel those who had the power to do so, to reorganize
ihe institution.
Mr. FILLMORE said that he had been informed
that contracts had been made for the services of the
convicts, which had not yet expired; and this was the
reason why the expenses could not yet be reduced.
Though he believed it right to punish men for
crimes, yet he could not go so far as to shut them
up and starve them, which would be the cass1 at
this penitentiary if the amendment were adopted.
If anything could be done to reorganize the insti-
tution, he would readily agree to it. He did not
preiend to know much about this institution; but he
had reason to believe that it had been improperly
managed.
Mr. BOARDMAN answered that there was mon-
ey enough to last till next July, so that the prison-
ers could not starve before the meeting o! the next
Congress. He believed that the reduction cf the
appropriation would compel the inspectors to ap-
point proper officers who would reform the institu-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY said that one of the reasons for
the grear cost of the penitentiary was the shortness
of the time for which so many of the prisoners
were sentenced. Many of them were sentenced
for only twelve months, and were released before
they could learn a trade, so as to be profitable to
the Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that the reason why
so much money was annually paid out to keep
these prisoners from starving, was the improper
management of the institution. Most of the hands
wete employed m making shoes; and, instead of
the superintendents purchasing materials, and
having the work done on the account of the insti-
tution, and sold at a profit, the hands were hired
out to a man named Hoover, who was making a
very profitable speculation of it. He had been fur-
nished with a comparative statement, showing the-
prices paid by the master workmen of this city to
their journeymen, and the prices paid by Hooter to
the penitentiary for similar work; from which it
appeared that the penitentiary received from 200
to 300 per cent, less than the prices paid by master
workmen to their journeymen in this city. Now
it was by keeping these hands working for com-
paratively nothing, for favorites, that the Govern-
,rent sunk annually some $15,000 on this institu-
tion. He believed that the reduciion of the appro-
priation would compel the inspector to put iheir
work up to the prices of other manufacturers here,
and by this means effect the reform that was so
much needed. He did not. however, believe thai
the appropriation should be reduced so low as
$5,000. A reduction to $10,000 would, in his
opmior, be low enough.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia said that, if the prac-
tices complained of existed, it was not the fault of
the superintendent. He had only to execute the
duties of his office according to law. He knew
that that officer had complained of tbe system, and
said that, if he bad the right to purchase materials,
and have tbe work done and sold on account of the
penitentiary, he could double his money. One
of the reasons of the great cost of the penitentiary
was that referred to by h'S colleague. The convicts
could not learn a trade, so as to be profitable to the
institution, in so short a time as twelve months.
The evil complained of could not be corrected by
reducing the amount of the appropriation. It was
only by a change of the existing system of dispo-
sing of the work of the convicts, that a reform
could be effected; and, from some inquiries he had
made, he had ascertained that this had lately been
done.
The question was then put on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
CANAL ACROSS THE ISTHMUS OP DA-
RIEN.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered an amendment, ap-
propriating $5,000 for the employment of an agent
to inquire into the progress and character of the
work now going on to connect the Atlantic and
Pacific Oceans by a canal across the Isthmus of
Darien, and to ascertain upon what terms the same
may be used by the ciiizens of the United States.
Mr. FILLMORE raised the point of order, that
the amendment could not be received, inasmuch as
it contemplated an appropriation for an object not
recrgnlsed by law.
This question was discussed by Messrs. ADAMS,
UNDERWOOD, FILLMORE, GUSHING, and
C. J. INGERSOLL; and,
The CHAIR having decided the amendment to
be out of order,
Mr. CUSHING appealed; vhen
The commiltee, on taking ihe question, over-
ruled the decision of the Chair.
After a few words from Mr. FILLMORE and
Mr. CUSHING,
Mr. UNDERWOOD made some remarks on the
importance of ibis undertaking to the commerce of
this country, but particularly to the valley of the
Mississippi.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL also advocated the se-
curing to the Go.un.erce of this country the ad-
vantages that were to be derived from facilities of
transit across the Isthmus.
Mr. CUSHING proposed so to amend the
amendment, as to tm'orace a railroad as well as,
or in lieu of, a canal, m the contemplated means
of crossing ihe Kihmus.
Mr. KING advocated the appointment of art
agent to convey the American mail across the
Isthmus—the Governments of England and of
France now having agents for that purpose.
Mr. UNDERWOOD agreed to modify his
amendment by the iutroduciion of the word "com-
munication," instead of "canal" or "railroad," or
any other descriptive term, so that the objects of
^11 gentlemen might be embraced; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY submitted an amendment,
to appropriate $4,000 to ri-pave tbe public store of
the city of Baltimore; which, s'tar a few words
from Mr. MERIWETHER and Mr. KENNEDY,
was adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted an amendment ap-
propriating $5,000 for ihe repairing ef the circuit
and district court loom of the United States at (as
was understood) Mobi'e, where the honorable gen-
tleman said the courts were held in a portion of the
custom-house, which was set apart for that pur-
pose.
Mr. KING moved to insert $50,000 for a cus-
tom-house at Savannah: rejected.
Mr. TILL1NGHAST moved to insert $500 for
a survey of Block island, according to a resolution,
of the House: rejected.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
eppropriation of $100,000 for the custom-house at
Boston; and called for tellers.
