CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
The question was taken, and resulted—ayes 54,
noes 58: no quorum.
A second count by tellers was had, and resulted
—ayes 76, noes 66.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to-
Mr. WiNTHROP moved to insert $50,000 for
paying the contractors, under contracts mads by
the Government of the United States, for comple-
ting the Boston custom-lit use.
Mr. KING moved to amend the amendment, by
adding $25,000 for the custom-house at Savannah".
The CHAIR ruled this amendment cut of order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. WinthropJ was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY moved to insert #50 ,000 for
the Boston custom house.
Mr. PRO f FIT moved ta amend the amendment,
by adding "for paying contacts made without au-
thority of law:" rejected—ayes 36, noes not
coasted.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mallor?,] and
resulted—-ayes 71, noes 47. No quorum.
On again taking the question, the amendment
was adopted—ayes 86, nces 40.
Mr. HOLMES moved to strike out $6,000 as
the sum appropriated towards the repair of the
Charleston custom-house and pott office, and insert
in lieu thtreof, "seven thousand and ten dollars:"
rejected.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment, making an
appropriation for the rebuilding of the custom-
house at Wilmington, N. C., which was buret
by 'the great fire of 1840.
Mr. FILLMOEE said tee amendment, being for
the creation of a new work, was rot in order; and
the Chair so decided.
Mr. TILLINGHAST offered an amendment
appropriating S45Q to make a survey of Block
Island.
Mr. MEIUWSTHER moved to add thereto
#35,000 for a custom-house at Savannah.
The CHAIR ruled both of these amendments out
of order.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the appropriation
for making out registers of vessels, lists of crews,
&c., be reduced from $10,000 to $4,000: agreed
to.
A motion was made by sotn? member (who was
not seen) 'o strikeout the appropriation of $150 lot
lighting Pennsylvania avenue: rejected without a
division.
CITY WATCH.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, as amendment
was adopted appropriating §300 for contingencies,
fuel, lights, &c., for the city watch.
BOOKS.
The clause appropriating $47,162, for payment
for books ordered by the resolution of the Hou«e of
the 8th August, being read—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the appro-
priation, on the ground that it was for an objeet'not
recognised by law.
The CHAIR decided that it was in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike it out;
which motion was rejected.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOI.L offered an amendment
appropriating $5,600 for a commercial agent to
Europe: rejected.
DOCUMENTARY HISTORY.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
clause appropriating §37,650 for the Documentary
History of the United States: rejeced.
Mr. MERIWETHER then offered an amend-
ment to the section, providing that the work shall
not be extended beyond the third volume: re-
jected.
COAST OF AFRICA.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY offered an amend
mem appropriating §5,000 for the payment of t
commercial ag:nt, to ie>ide at Liberia, or on the
coast of Africa: rejected.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, an amendment
was adopted appropriating $$800 for an index to
the documents connected wuh the offices of the
First Comptroller and First Auditor of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. FILLMORE offered an amendment appro-
priating $10,000 for the pa; mcnt of the agen's em-
ployed to negotiate the late loans; which amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORNE offered an amendment appro-
priating f 10,000 for rebuilding the beacon at Black
Rock, Connecticut.
Mr. O. asked leave to explain the objects of his
amendment; but was called to order by several,
and not allowed to proceed.
Mr. OSBORNE next asked to have a communi-
cation from the Treasury Department on the sub-
ject read.
Objectfd to by several.
The CHAIR directed the Clerk to read the com-
munication; and, the Clerk having read a part of
it—
Mr, PAYNE interrupted him, and asked the
Chair if that paper could ba read, after i's being
objected to.
The CHAIR said that he did not hear the objec-
tiors.
Mr. PAYNE said that objections were made by
several gentlemen on his side of the House. [A
voice on the extreme right: "And by several on
this side, also."] Mr. P. wished to know if objec-
tions were listened te from one section of the
Union, End not the other.
The CHAIR. Not by the present incumbent of
the chair.
Mr. PAYNE. Well, sir, how does it happen
that objections have been received in a case simi-
lar to the present, while the objections now made
were cot received?
The CHAIR said that he permitted the paper to
be read, observing that it would be read if r,o ob-
jections were made; and that he did not hear any
objections.
Mr. PAYNE. Well; it seems, sir, that you did
nor wish to hoar them.
Mr. GILMER said that the fsct of the Ch.-ir'a
not hearing the objections was no reason «■ hy the
reading should be allowed to go on. As soon as
he was informed that objections were made, it was
hii duty to arrest the reading.
The CHAIR decided differently, and directed
the Clerk to proceed with the reading of the paper;
which was accordingly done.
Mr. TURNEY wanted to know the difference
between this amendment of the gentleman from
Connecticut, and the one of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. McKat.] Both were to re-
buill works that were destroyed. The one offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina was decided
to be out of order, while the one of the gentleman
from Connecticut was decided to be in older.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee was not in order.
Mr. KING said that the very paper jjst read
showed that the amendment was out of order; for
it prepjsed to build a new work.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Geor-
gia was not in order.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PROFFIT offered an amendment to pro-
vide that the surveys of light-houses shall be under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. POWELL offered an amendment appro-
priating §5,000 for the completion of the Potomac
bridge; wnich was agreed to.
Some ether amendments were proposed and neg-
aiived.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL offered an amendment
to appropriate §500 for a consul at Beyrout; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BOTTS submitted an amendment, to be in-
serted immediately after the items under the head
of "foreign intercourse," providing that no part of
any appropriation thereby made should te ap- !
plied to the payment of the salary or outfit of any
minister, charge des affaires, or other foreign rep-
Hsentat:ve, who may be appointed to any post
now vacant, or in which a vacancy shall exist
during the present session of Congress, unless
the appointments to fill such vacancy shall be
made by and with the advice and con.-ent of the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to—76 voting in the
affirmative, and 67 in the negative.
Mr. BOARDMAN offered an amendment to
the items making appropriations for the Post Of-
fice Department, providing that no special or trav*
e!hng agent id the Post Office shall receive more
than $1,000 per annum, in addition to $2 a day for
his travelling cxpenfes. The amendment was
agreed to.
Some other Eainiporlaot amendments were then
mnde.
Mr. TILL1NGHAST, by instruction of the Li-
brary Committee, offered an amendment, appropri-
ating §20,000 for publishing an account of the dis-
coveries of the exploring expedition, under the su-
pervision of the Joint Committee on the Library.
This amendment was agreed to—ayes 91, noes
not counted.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS moved that the commit-
tee rise, (fcaif past 4 o'clock:) rejected—ayeg 67.
noes 69.
Mr. C J. INGERSOLL offered an amendment,
authorizing a quarter's extra pay to the clerks, of-
ficers, pages, &c., of the House.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
The several amendments offered to the bill by
the Committee on Public Buildings (with one ex-
ception) were adopted.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Buddings appropriating §30,000 for the erection of
a new building to accommodate the Warand Navy
Departments, was ruled out of order.
Mr. BOARDMAN offered an amendment, ap-
propriating $200 to two fire companies, near the
Capitol and the Presidents House: rejected.
Mr. KING proposed an amendment, inserting
§105,000 for carrying the mail across the isthmus
of Darien: rejected.
Mr. BROInSON offered a provieo, limiting the
expenses of the court? of the United StaUs, (partic-
ulars could cot be gathered:) ar;tced tc.
Mr. GILMER move d to rcduce <he appropria-
tion for ihc Comseif.- loner ?t.d o her officers of the
General Laud Office, aod their clerks, from
§98,500 to $95,000; the effect of which will be to
cut off the faciei of the Recorder and Solicitor of
the General Land Office: agreed to—ayes 91, noes
not counted.
At five minutes to 5, Mr. WELLER moved
that the committee rise, and report the bill. The
motion was agre. d to, and the committee rose.
Amidst a general suugg'e, iVir. AYCRIGQ ob-
tained the floor, and offeied an amendment to the
bill (understood to be in relation to the coast sur-
vey.) He also called the previous questi n.
Mr. HUNTER rose and asked leave to offer a
resolution of iaqutry.
Leave h'.vina been given,
Mr. HUNTER offeied a resolution requesting
the Secretary of the Treasury to csuse an examin-
ation to be made into the justice of the claim of
Robert C. Jecnmjs, Jas-Roddy, and others; and
make a report to the nest session of Congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
The following message was received from the Pre-
s'dent of 'he U. States, in reply to aresolution of the
House of the 22 i m.-tZR', communicating a report
from the Secretary of State on the subject of the
claim set up by the British Government to visit
American vessels, together with the correspondence
between Lord Aberdeen and Mr. Everett on the
subject:
Washington, February 27, 1843.
To the House of Representatives:
In corajdiacce with the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 22d irstant, requesting
me to communicate to the House "whatever cor-
respondence or communication may have been re-
ceived from the British Government respecting the
President's construction of the late Britbk treaty
concluded at Washing'oo, as it concerns an alleged
riitht to visit American vessels," I herewith trans-
mit p. report made to me by the Secretary of State.
I have al;o thought proper to communicate
copies of Lord Aberdeen's letter of 20th December,
1841, to Mr. Everett; Mr. Everett's letter of the
23.1 December, in reply thereto; and extracts from
several letters of Mr. Everett to the Secretary of
State.
I cannot forego the expression of my regret at
the apparent purport of a part of Lord Aberdeen's
