CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
The bill to settle the title to Pea Patch island,
was taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. CLAYTON said the bill was imperfect in
several particulars; and he moved an amendment,
giving power to the commission created by it to
compel the attendance of, and to administer oaths
to, witnesses; and limiting the reception of evidence
by the commission to such as was admissible by the
rules of law, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER was understood to inquire wheth-
er the parties bad consented to the terms of the
bill.
Mr. CLAYTON replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked, that he would
move to strike out that portion of the bill making
appropriation to satisfy the award, unless it would
interfere with the arrangement between the parties.
It would be in time to make the appropriation
when the award was fixed.
Mr. CLAYTON replied, that ihat provision of
the bill was a part of the arrangement; and, unless
it was retained, it would defeat the compromise
Mr. MILLER moved an amendment, the pur-
port of which was not heard; which was opposed
by Messrs. CLAYTON and BAYARD, and finally
disagreed to.
Mr. WOODBURY said he could not vote for
the bill to pay an award which was not to be as-
certained by an officer of the Government, who
was responsible to the Government. The award
should also be ascertained before the appropriation
was made-
Mr. KING did not perceive that there could be
any objection to making the conditional appropria-
tion in the bill. The bill, he believed, was well
guarded.
There being no further amendment proposed, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was subsequently
read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, th® Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Joshua Reynolds, an officer
of the Revolution, praying the revival of the pen-
sion act of July, 1838.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of lhe petition of the widow of Joshua
Conkey, praying for a pension; and from the peti-
tion of Azel Spalding, for compensation for his
services as pension agent.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, without
amendment and with a recommendation that they
do pass, the following bills from the House, viz:
The bill for the relief of Hugh Riddle, of the
State of New York.
The bill to revive an act entitled "An act for the
relief sf John Darlin."
The bill for the relief of Mary McGee and Su-
san Pierce, heirs at law of George Neilson.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which memorials and resolutions of
State Legislatures upon the subject had been re-
ferred, reported a bill for the protection of com-
merce and the construction of harbors on the
lakes; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee 011 the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
bill from the House relating to the taking of testi-
mony in cases of contested elections, and for other
purposes.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass, House bill for the relief of Samuel K.
Jennings.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds, reported back,
without amendment, House bill for the relief of
John Skirving.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the
Library, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do not pa.ss, the
bill for the preservation of the collection of natural
curiosities furnished by the exploring squadroD,
and from other sources.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committ&e on Foreign
Relations, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the House
bill to provide the means of future intercourse be-
tween the United States and the Government of
China.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the Senate took
up, as in committee of the whole, the bill for the
reduction of the rates of postage.
Mt. MERRICK explained that this bill, as it
now stood, was founded on the idea that the bill
to suppress the transportation of mailable matter
by private expresses, and the bill to make perma-
nent contracts with railroad companies for trans-
porting the mail, would become laws at this ses-
sion. Though one of the bills—that for the
suppression of private expresses—had parsed the
Senate; yet, he had no hope that either could be
got through the other House this session. If those
bil's had become laws, a great reduction could
have been made in the rates of postage. The de-
partment could have encountered the great reduc-
tion proposed in this bill, if sach had been the
case; but, failing to accomplish their passage, the
head of the department could not give his consent
to the reduction proposed by this bill.
Mr. M. then proposed to amend the bill so as to
provide that for all distances under 5 miles,
there shall be a charge of 5 cents postage on let-
ters; for all distances over 30 miles, and not ex-
ceeding 100 miles, 10 cents pos-tsge; for all over
100, and not exceeding 220 miles, 15 cents; for
all ovi-r 220, and net exceeding 400 miles, 20 cents;
and for all distances exceeding 400 miles, 95 cents
postage. This, he said, was in accordance with
the recommendation of the Postmaster General.
Mr. SIMMONS suggested that considerably more
revenue would be obtained by the department, if
the rate of postage for carrying letters for thiity
and forty miles was fixed at 10 cents, instead of 15
cents.
Mr. MERRICK said be could no', at this late
day of the session, undertake to accept, or consent
to the adoption, of any proposition in lieu of the
responsible recommendations of the head of lhe de-
partment. It was too late in the session to under-
take to prepare a system of measures different from
that proposed in the amendment he had submitted.
Considerable improvement would be effected by
the passage of the bill, by conforming the rates of
postage to the Federal coin. If the amendment
suggested by the Senator was adopted, it would ef-
fect too great a reduction. He hoped it would not
pas'.
Mr. WRIGHT remarked that the bill, instead
of proposing reduction in the rates of postage for
distances now chargcable with 124 cents postage,
actually increased it from 124 to 15 cent?. He
asked the chairman of the Post Office Committee
whether he would have any objection to fiiing ih«
distance at 150 instead of 100 mites as chargeable
with 10 cents postage.
Mr. MERRICK said it was impossible to do
otherwise than as was proposed by his amendment.
It was true there was an increase on the letters
heretofore chargeable with 124 cents postage—the
postage on such lytters was increased to 15 cents;
but those now chargeable with 183 cents would be
hereafter subject to 15 cents postage only. There
was a diminution of the postage in the aggregate,
though there was an increase in this particular.
Mr. WRIGHT, after a few remarks, moved
to strike out 100, and insert 150; the effect of
which would be, if adopted, to make all letters
carried that distance chargeable with 10 cents post-
age only.
After a few remarks by Messrs. MERRICK,
KING, and WRIGHT, the question was taken on
the amendment proposed by the latter Senator, and
disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, [Mr. Merrick,] and it was agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK moved another amendment,
(which was agreed to,) striking out ihree, and insert
ine one cent for drop letters.
There being no further amendment proposed to
the bill, it was reporled to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. This bill was
subsequently read the third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate then
procer de d to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the bill making appropriations for the fulfilment of
tjeaty stipulations  iih the Indian tribes, and for
the support of tbe Indian department for the half
calendar year of 184U, and the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1844.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill, by re-
ducing the appropriation for the fulfilment of the
treaties with various tribes, for the fiscal year,from
§757,675 to $749,065; which sum, he faid, was
amply sufficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved another amendment, which
was understood to authorize the transfer of moneys,
heretofore appropriated, from one head of appro-
priation to another. Mr. E explained that
this was rendered necessary to enable the depart-
ment to settle the accounts of the disbursing offi.
cers. Those officers stood charged on the books of
the department as defaulters, because they had, in
the prosecution of the war in Florida, been com-
pelled to take money appropriated to one specific
object, and apply it to another object. They were
not, in fact, indebted to the Government one cent;
but if they should die, they would stand charged on
tbe books of the departmeat as defaulters. This
amendment was, therefore, intended merely to give
authority to the Secretary to transfer money from
one head of appropriation to another, to enable the
accounts of the officers to be closed u p and balanced
on the books.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked, that the oniy ob-
jection he had to this course was, that it was coun-
tenancing the application, by the disbursing offi-
cers, of more ramey to any object than was in-
tended by Congress to be applied to such object.
It was, m effect, giving the powsr of appropriation
to the disbutsmg officers.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired whether there was any
appropriation in the bill to satisfy the treaty stipu-
lations with the Wyandot Indians.
Mr. EVANS replied, that there was no such
appropriation in the bill, nor had any application
been made for such an appropriation. It appeared,
by the treaty with those Indians, that it was agreed
that they should be paid, for their improvements on
the land purchased from them, such an amount, on
a fair valuation, as those improvements were
worlh, It was estimated at the department that
the amount to satisfy the value of this property
would not exceed $20,000. Appraisers were ap-
pointed to ascertain the value ot the improvements;
and, on an examination of some papers from the
department, it appeared ihat the persons appointed
to make ihe apptai:-ments had returned appraisals
to the amount of $1-25,000, instead of $20,000, as
contemplated. The Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs had expressed bis surprise at the valuation
affixed to some of the proper.y. Under the cir-
cumstances, he (Mr. E.) did not think it would be
proper, without further investigation of the matter,
to make any appropriation foi the purpose.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked, that the Government
had stipulated to pay whatever, on appraisement,
the property was ascertained to be worth. He
presumed the appraisers were some particular
friends of the present Administration. If improper
persons had been appointed as appraisers, and the
appraisement was exorbitant, it was no fault of
the other parly to the agreement; and, whatever the
amount of the valuation was, they were entitled to
it by the stipulations of the treaty. It was no rea-
son for withholding the appropriation from the In-
dians, because those appointed to piotect the rights
of the Government had returned an exorbitant
valuation. All that was left the Government to do
now, was, to make the appropriation. He there-
fore moved to amend the bill, by inserting the sum
of $125,937 24, the amount of the appraisement.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana made some remarks,
showing the exorbitant character of the valuation
attached to some of the huts and fruit-trees by the
appraisers.
Mr. EVANS remarked, that the land acquired
