864
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
from those Indians, he believed, amounted to only
about 80,000 acres; and he considered the amount
of the valuation five limes as great as it should
have been.
Mr. ALLEN expressed himself in favor of the
amendment.
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the.^easand n?yson
the amendment, which were ordered; and the ques-
tion being put on agreeing to it, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 12, nays 18.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and the
amendments of the rommitte; being concurred ia,
it was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Subsequently, the bill was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate took up,
as in committee of the whol-, tbe bill making ap-
propriation for certain fortifications fur ihe half
calendar year of 1843, sr.d for ibe fiscal year endirg
on the 30ili June, 1844.
Mr. EVANS sal J no amendment had been pro-
posed to this bill; that ii .lid not impropriate 'he est*
timatcs of ihe depaitment by one half.
Mr. SEVIER, aftrr a few remarks in favor of
an appropriation to repair and rebuild Port Gib-
son,- which ho said had been estimated for, moved
$25,000 for that purpose.
Mr. EVANS opposed this amendment; and
Mr. CRITTENDEN baggirsted that the appro-
priation was not called lor, as the Secretary had
stated that, in his opinion, the means of defence
on that frontier were ample, and that there was
not the least danger of any difficulty there.
Mr. SEVIER replied, showing the importance
of Ihe appropriations. The Legislature of his
State, believing it ot' much importance, bad in-
structed his colleague and himself to make tin
effort lo procure an appropriation to stieogthen ti,c
defences on the Arkansas fr"tit.er. He a.-ked, if
no danger was apprehended "<i that fronti'-r, why
was it that a whole .fgimptil of troops h d leon
placed there, without adequate barracks to protect
them?
The question was then taken on the . mendmeut
proposed by the Senator from Arkansas, and in-
jected—ayes 15, noes 16.
Mr. SEVIER then proposed an amendment, ap-
propriating §15,000 lor repairing and rebuilding
Fort Gitsoi.
The question was put on this amendment, and
it was adopted.
The bill was then leporied to 'he Senate. The
amendments of the committee el' the whole weie
concurred in, atul the bill v.a-, otdered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was subsequent
read the third time, and psv.sed.
The bill for the relict ot James S. Calhoun was
lead the third time, andpassid.
Mr. BATE3 moved to postpone the previous
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill re-
viving the act of July, 3838, granting pensions to
widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers.
The question was put ou the motion, and it was
disagreed to.
Toe bill of the Sena'e to lis.iit the use and to cor-
rect the abuse of t'-e fr-nking pnvilegr, was taken
up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. MERRICK explained the provisions of the
bill; when
Mr. M0REHE.4D moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. MERRICK demanded tbe yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
25, navs 10.
So the bill wss laid upon the table.
The bill relating to the application of the two
per cent, fund of Mississippi having neen returned
from the House, with an amendment, was, on mo-
tion by Mr. WALKER, taken up; and ihe amend-
ment was c! ncnried in.
The bill for the renei' ot Mary W. Thompson,
the widow of the late Lieut, Col. Thompson, ot
the army of ihe United States, was taken up as in
committee of the whole; and, having been amended
on the motion of Mr. EVANS, was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to te engtossed for a third
reading. It was, subsequent!), read the third time,
and passed.
On motion by Mr. EVAN'S, the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval pensions for tbe half
calendar yesr ending 30 h June, 1843, and the
fiscal year ending on 30th June, 1844, was taken
up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to strike from the bill
Ihe clause appropriating some 6,000 for the pay-
meat of pensions to the widows and orphans under
the act of the 3d of iVSarch, 1837. Mr. W. said
this law was repealed in August, 1841, and be
could not conceive by what right the Commissioner
tf Pensions still admitted c?se  under it. Con-
gress had repealed 'he law; and if its act was thus
disregarded, the only thing that it could do to make
its act of repeal effectual, v.ould be to withhold
any appropriation for such pensions.
Mr. EVANS explained that the Committee of
Ways and Means in the ether House had called
upon the Commissioner cf Pensisns to assign
reasons why this appropriation was called for un-
der an act which had been repealed by Congress.
He informed th" committee, that thosgh the s-'Ct of
1837 had b en lepealed, stilt rights which had been
acquired under it prior to its repea1, could not be
affected by ssrh repeal. The department had so
construed the roat'er, as to allow pensions to the
time of the repeal to such persons as were entitled
under the act of 1837. He said it rrercly involved
a question of construction of law; and it was with
Congress to determine whether the construction
given bv the Commissioner was the correct one.
Mr. WILLIAMS made some further remarks in
opposition to the appropriation, which were not dis-
tinctly beard.
The question was ihen put on the amendment,
and carried in the affirmative—a}es 16, noes not
counted.
The bill was then reported to the Senk'e, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third 'eading. The bill
wps sub^quently read the third rim", and pascd.
The bill for tlf relief of Nancy Polererky was
takrn up ,.s in committee or the whole, end, after
:> lew words bv Messrs EVANS, KING, BATES,
and McDUFFIE, as to whether there was not a
new principle involved m its provisions, and theie
being no proposition to amend Ihe bill, it was re-
ported to die Senate, and oidered to be engrossed
for a thud reading. The bill was subsequently
read ihe third time, and passed.
Scna'e bill 55, for the relief of Juries Taylor,
was taken up as in committee of ihe v-hole, on an
adverse repirt cf the Committee on Claims, and
indefinitely postponed.
The following bills were then taken up as in
committee of the whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be cnerossed (or a third
reading; and weiesubfequeii'ly read the third time,
and pasied:
The bill for Hie reliei of Daniel G. Skinner, of
Alabama;
The bill for the relief of John R. Williams.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to extend the charters < f the District
b.-nks came up next in order, as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. ALLEN moved that it be indefinitely post-
poned, and on that moti"n demanded ine yeas and
najs; which were oidered.
Mr. MILLER said it was a matter of consid-
eiable interest to the District that thj chaners of
these banks should be renewed.
Mr. ALLEN said this bill foi n.-i-ny years in
succession had giv< n rise to considerable discus-
sion, and he hoped it nould not no-.v be allowed to
interfere with th; business of the Senate.
Mr. MILLER observed that the charters would
expire in July, 1844, and it was essential that they
should know whether they Wire to have an ex-
tension it them. They wool 1 not be able to ac-
commodate the publ.c, if lea in ast&'e of uncer-
tainty; and if they were admitted by gentlemen to
be of ^ny utility lo ihe pnhbc at all, he hoped the
bill would he at once ac.ed upon.
Mr. TAPPAN said there weiesome provisions
in th,- bill which they had not tisr-e ,o examine.
Mr. ALLEN contended that there was no ne-
cessity for secharlering these banks. He believed
there were no petitions on the subject, and he did not
believe it was desired by the public; if so, the bill
could be passed at the next session.
Mr. ARCHER observed, that if the charters
were certain to be renewed at the next session, he
thought there could be no objection to renew them
now. It would be a very advantageous thing for
the community that they should have timely
notice.
The question of indefinite postponement was
decided in the negative—yeas 17, nays 25.
The bill was then taken up as in committee of
the whole; when
Mr. KING moved to lay the bill on the tabel
for the present, in order lo proceed with other
business. Upcn this question the yeas and nays
were ordered, and resulted—yeas 18, nays 28.
Mr. ALLEN then moved to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso:
Provided, That the stockholders of each of said banks shall,
from and after the taking effect of this act, be liable in their
individual character and private property for all (he issues
made and other obligations contracted by said banks, respec-
lively, iu the eame manner, and to the same extent in all re-
spects, as are partners of unchartered copartneiships and firms
for the obligations contracted by such copartnerships and firms.
Mr. A. proceeded to observe that the question
of chartering banks was not a new one, and pub-
lic opinion was almost unanimous upon ihe princi-
ple of making bank stockholders liable, severally,
for the debts and liabilities of their banks. There
had been sufficient epportunity during the early
part of this session to bring forward this bill; but
it had not been done, and it appeared evident to
him that it was r.ot intended that there should be
any investigation into the affairs of these banks.
It was, he said, perfectly in accordance with
one of the principles of bank tactics, to apply for
a techarter at a time so near the end of the session
as to make it impossible to enter into any investi-
gation or debate upon the subjeel; and he put it to
Senators!, whether they were ready to say to the
people, You shall trust these bank directors, al-
though 'hey refuse to be responsible. They refuse
to have cbartei.', unless they have with their char-
ters the privilege of indiscriminate and illimitable
plunder. The question had been frequently before
the peoplp, and he had nevei seen an assemblage
of the sovsreiprn people—the only power in this
country which was incorruptible and undefiled—
he had never seen such an assemblage in which
(whatever their opinions upon other matters) there
were not at least a hundred to one in favor of
the proposition of individual liability. He desired
the yeas and nays upon his motion.
Mr, MILLER hoped that this question was not
to be again agitated. There bad been no com-
plaint made in reference to them; and he believed
no reasonable objection could be urged against
granting them an extension of their charters. He
denied that the bill bad been purposely kept back.
Mr. ALLEN asked why this bill should be
pressed upon them now, when another long session
was to intervene before the expiration of their char-
ters. The welfare of the banks—the advantage,
the interests of the banks,—these were the consider-
ations which were m urge them forward; while
popular opinion, rolling into this Capitol from
every quarer, like a catarac', condemnatory of the
principle of irresponsible banks, was lo be totally
disregarded. But he was told there were petitions
in favor of rechattering these banks. Yes, petitions
which hid never been allowed to be read; petitions,
of what nature no one knew. He would not go
in'o the question of the general utility of banking.
It was a momentous question—a question fraught
with serious consequences to this country. He de-
sired that it should come up at a time when a
thorough arid full discussion might be had upon it;
and he could not connect to pass an act of this de-
scription, at a time when the public mind was so
deeply drawn to an investigation of the great ques-
tion of banking, until a thorough investigation of
that subject could be had. The American mind
would not submit mueh longer to be trifled with.
There was a power in the people which they did
no! delegate; and that power would yet be mani-
lested. They were disposed to suffer while evils
were sufferabie; but they had likewise a stern and
resolute will to redeem themselves from bondage
and oppression in every form.
Mr. CONRAD desired to knew whether, upon
the question of making individual stockholders re-
