866
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate bill granting a pension to David Welch,
and the bill for the relief of Robert P. Lewis, were
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
CUMBERLAND ROAD BILL.
The bill making appropriations to continue the
Cumberland road was called, in iis ordei on the
calendar, at five o'clock in the evening.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he had not charge
of ihe bill; but he was very anxious that the bill
should be passed. This was the first time it had
been called, and it was impossible to get it taken
up out of its order. He exceedingly regretted that
the period was so late. This was the last day at
which bills of the Senate could be sent to the
House; and it was suggested that the House had
adjourned. He said that Ihe rules might be sus-
pended to-morrow, to send the bill to the House,
if it could be pa&sed. He assured Senators that
the appropriations for the road would be pressed
until the wok was completed.
Several Senators suggested that, at this late pe-
riod, it would be useless to proceed with the bill,
as it would lead to debate, and defeat the whole
calendar; and could not be acted upon in the House,
if it were passed.
The bill, on motion, was then laid on the table.
House bill, making appropriations to carry into
effect the Ashburton treaty, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, ihe Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the special orders.
Senate bill, providing for the publication of the
debates and proceedings of Congrtss, (about which
there was so much discussion on yesterday,) being
the first on the list of the special orders, was, on
the motion of Mr. WOODRRIDGE, passed over
informally. He presumed the Senate had no dis-
position to continue the discussion upon it. It
might, therefore, be consideied as having been
consigned to the tomb of the Capulets.
The bill to refund to Massachusetts the balance
due her for disbursements during the late war with
Great Britain, came up, as in committee of the
whole, on an adveise report of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the bill,
by reducing ih  amount of appropriation m it from
$272,716 to $227,176 48.
Mr. C. then explained the propriety of the
amendment; and trusted, after its adoption, no ob-
jection would be made to the hill. The bill merely
allowed to Massachusetts on the same principle
that allowances had been made to other States for
like services.
Mr. BENTON said no allowance had been
made to other States on the principle involved in
this bill.
Mr. TAPPAN made some remarks again?! the
bill; in the course of which, he alluded to the re-
fusal of Massachusetts, during Ihe war, when our
soil was invaded, to petmit Iv-r militia to muster
into the service of the United Stales. He main-
tamed that (with the exception of the claims for
compensating the heirs of the fraitor Hull for the
surrender of our soil and our army) there never
was a more iniquitous claim before Congress. It
was as absurd ami wicked as the Hnil claim.
Mr. CHITTENDEN made an appeal to gen-
tlemen not to recur to 'hem, but to permit the little
aberrations from the straight line of duty of ihe old
Bay State to be buried in oblivion. He admitted
that she acted improperly; iinu her course was ?!-
tributable rather to the heat of party than lo a
■want of patriotism. He maintained that other
Slates had been paid up™ the very principles of
this bill, for ihe services of ib-ir militia; and in-
stanced the State of Connecticut.
Mr. WRIGHT made s«rae remarks against the
bill. He recurred lo the scenes whii-h agitated the
country at the time Mjcsaehusetts refused to per-
mit her militia to be mus'ered in'o the service of
the United States; after a review pf which, he said
he could not vote thai State a dollar.
Mr. BATES defended his Slate from the asper-
sions which had been cast npon ;t. He contended
that Massachusetts was entitled to the balance
provided for in the bill, unless the law-makers in-
tended to become the law-breakers. He contended
that Connecticut and Rhode Island had been paid
for disbursements made during the war, on the
very principle which was involved in this bill; and,
unless it was intended to make Massachusetts an
exception, she should be allowed the balance dus
her lorthwith.
Mr. ALLEN spoke at some length against the
bill, urging that, if it was passed, it would be justi-
fying and rewarding a revolt against the Union by
a part of the Union—a revolt, too, in favor of a
foreign enemy; for all who, in times of sucb peril,
refused to fight for their country, took sides with
the enemies of their country. Such was, in effect,
the course of Massachusetts during the war. He
hoped the bill would not pass.
Mr. WOODBURY appealed to the Senators on
the opposite side not to press this bill, to ths exclu-
sion of so many important bills on the calendar. If
thoy persisted in such course, he bad an amend-
ment to propose to it, to pay the claims of New
Hampshire.
S.ime conversational debate took place here, be-
tween Messrs. EVANS, WOODBURY, CRIT-
TENDEN, and BATES, as to the claims of New
Hampshire, and a<i to the understanding, in the
early part of the night, that, if this hill gave rise to
debate, it would be laid over. The matter was
terminated, however, by the bill being reported to
the Senate. The amendment of the committee of
the whole was concurred in, and the bill was or-
dered to te engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate, at
half past 8 o'clock, proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 28, 1843.
Mr. H. DODGE presented a petition from the
inhabitants of the town of Rochester and vicinity,
Racine county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress to establish a tri-weekly mail from the
town of Racine, passing Rochester, to the town of
EanTroy, in Walworth county.
Also, presented the petition of the inhabitants of
East Troy, Walworth county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress to establish a tri-weekly mail
from ihe town of Racine, by the town of Rochester,
to the town of East Troy, to intersect the Milwaukie
and Janesville route.
Mr. PAYNE presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Alabama, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Linden, Alabama, to Almuche, in
Marion county Mississippi: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD of Maine offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That, during tho remainder of the present session,
the House will meet at 10 o'clock, a. m.
The following bills from the Senate were sever-
ally read twice, and referred:
The bill regulating the currency of foreign gold
and silver coins in the United States.
The bill to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri, ap-
proved 9th July, 1832; and the act supplemental
thereto, approved 2d March, 1833.
The bill fixing the value of certain foreign mo-
ney in accounts and computation at the custom-
houses.
The bill to revive the act entitled "An act to en-
able claimants to land within the limits of Missouri,
and the Territory of Aikansas, to institute pro-
ceedings to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved 26th May, 1821; and an act amending the
same, and extending the provisions of said act to
claimants to land within the States of Louisiana
and Mississippi: referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the.
public domain towards the completion of works of
internal improvement in the State of Michigan,
and for other purposes: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The bill amending the laws regulating imprison-
ment for debtm the District of Columbia: referred
to the District Committee.
The bill to extend the Patent Office to 9th street:
referred to the Committee on the Public Buildings.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bryan, H.
Young, and Benjamin Young: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The bill for the relief of Richard Patten: refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill to repeal certain parts of an act entitled
"An act respecting the organization of the army,
and for other purposes," passed 23d August, 1842:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill declaring Robbinston, in the State of
Maine, to be a port of delivery: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill to permit the entry of merchandise re-
covered from shipwreck, in certain cases, free of
duty: referred to tho Committee of Ways and
Means.
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Keller: re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio, and to provide
for the admission of the State of Michigan into the
Union, upon the conditions therein expressed,' ap-
proved June 15th, 1836"—
Having been read a second time, Mr. HOWARD
moved that it be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin resisted the motion.
He moved that the reference be to the Committee
on Territories. Mr. D. stated that, although the
title of the bill did not imply, and the House might
not know, it was, nevertheless, a bill relating to
the disputed boundary between the Territory of
Wisconsin and the State of Michigan; and, as
such, there was no propriety in its going to the
Committee on the Public Lands. It should most
unquestionably go either to the Committee on the
Judiciary, or that of Territories. He (Mr. D.)
preferred the latter.
The question was then taken on Mr. Howard's
motion, and it was rejected.
It then recurred on the motion of Mr. Dodge, and
the bill was referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
The House bill for the relief of James S. Cal-
houn, returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment, was read, and, together with the Senate's
amendment, referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BARTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a resolution directing the Secretary of
War to report to the House, at the next session of
Congress, certain information in regard to the ser-
vices of such of the Florida militia as have not
been paid for the same: adopted.
Mr. BURKE presented certain resolutions of the
Legislature of New Hampshire; which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
presented a resolution referring the claim of Joseph
Nock to the Secretary of the Treasury, to consider
and report thereon.
COMMERCIAL AGENT IN AFRICA.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to whom had been referred, at
the last session, the memorial of the general con-
vention of the friends of Afiican colonization,
made a report, accompanied by a joint resolution,
providing for the appointment of a commercial
agent to reside on the coast of Africa.
The resolution having been read and referred,
Mr. KENNEDY moved the printing of the re-
port, and the engraving of the accompanying
map.
Mr. ADAMS wished to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce whether the com-
mittee bad been informed that any question had
been made or settled by the Government whether
these colonies, so called, were colonies of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY replied that the
proposition submitted in this report presented an
inquiry into this question—what were the relations
of these colonies to the Government of the United
States? The committee bad expressed no opinion
on the subject, but proposed to refer it to the Sec-
retary of State, to report to the House what the re-
