CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36f
lations of these colon ies were, and what they ought
to be, to the United States.
Mr. ADAMS expressed a wish to have an ex-
tra number of copies of the report printed; and he
was happy to hear that the question was to be dis-
cussed in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the printing
of the map, on the ground of the abuses that had
heretofore existed in this description of work; but,
on being assured by Mr. KENNEDY that the cost
would not be over one hundred dollars, withdrew
his objection, with the understanding that the mo-
tion should be so modified as to direct the engra-
ving, provided it could be done for that sum.
Mr. KENNEDY having accordingly modified
his motion,
Mr. BUTLER of South Carolina moved to lay
it on the table; which motion was rejected.
The question on printing was then taken and
carried.
Mr. KENNEDY then gave notice of his inten-
tion to move the printing of three thousand extra
copies.
Mr. RAYNER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Ferguson &
Read; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. "WILLIAMS of Connecticut, from the same
committee, reported a bill to establish a port of de-
livery at the city of Lafayette, Louisiana; which
was read three times, and passed.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee of Confer-
ence, appointed on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
army bill, reported that the joint committee had
agreed to recommend to the House to recede from
its disagreement to the amendments of the Senate,
and that said amendments be adopted.
GUN CARRIAGES.
Mr. B. RANDALL submiitfd a resolution, that
the Secretary of the Navy report to the House, at
the next session, a statement showing the improve-
ment in gun-carriages made by Lieutenaat J. <3.
Van Brtmt: adopted.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. SHERLOCK J. ANDREWS, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill making
an appropriation for the construction of marine
hospitals on the Western waters; read twice, and
referred.
LAW AGENT IN FLORIDA.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill providing for the appoint-
mentofalaw agent in Florida: which was read
twice, and reierred.
Oa motion by Mr. BRONSON,
The Committee of the Whole was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill from the
Senate, in relation to the two per cent, fund of the
State of Mississippi; and the same having been
taken up in the House, wa< ordered to be engrossed,
and then read the third time and passed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Committee
on Public Land?, to whom had been referred the
bill from the Senate in relation to donations of
lands to certain persons in Arkansas, and the Sen-
ate bill for the relief of John Hutchins, reported
them severally without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the bill from the Senate
supplementary to the act entitled "An act to settle
titles to lands in Arkansas," reported ihesame with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORROW, from the Committee on PubKc
Lands, moved to discharge the Committee of ihe
Whole from the further consideration of the bill
to provide for the sale of certain lands in the States
of Ohio and Michigan, ceded by the Wyandot
Indians; and the same being taken up in the House,
was ordered to be engrossed, and then read the
third time and passed.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Commit ti e on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
to authorize the Postmaster General to settle and
allow certain accounts of J. and P. Voorhees.
It was read three times, and pasred.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred ihe petition of the
western judicial district of Virginia, and the peti-
tion of the members of the bar in said district,
praying an increase of salary of their district judge,
reported that the committee had agreed to recom-
mend an increase of $200, and instructed him to
move the same as an amendment to the bill now
pending before the House, to regulate and fix tbe
salaries of district judges, when said bill should be
before the House for its action.
He also moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of various papers;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from tbe same committee, re-
ported Senate bill for the relief of certain inhabit-
ants of Floiida, with a substitute for the, entire
bill.
On the motion of Mr. ADAMS, the bill was laid
on the table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, reported, without amendment, a Senate bill,
the title of which was not beard.
Mr. M. BROWN, from the same committee,
reported a bill to change the times of holding the
circuit aad district courts for the district of East
Tennessee; which was read three times, and passed.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a hill for the relief of the
legal representatives of John Baker, deceased;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. DEBERRY, from tbe Committee on Agri-
culture, made several unfavorable reports; amongst
others, one on the memorial of M. R. Bartlett.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a Senate bill; and, on his
motion, the commits e was discharged from tbe
further consideration of various papers.
Mr. J. n. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Wavs and Means, reported Senate bill for the re-
lief of the West Feliciana Railroad Corap-my;
which, on his motion, was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. M. BROWN, the Committee
on ihe Judioiaiy wis discharged from the further
consideration ot the memorial of the Legislature
of the Territory of Iowa, for an increase of the
jurisdiction of justices of the peace in actions of
debt, to a sum no1 exceedina $100.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Military Commit-
tee, asked the House to take up the bill to divide
the United State's mto two military districts.
Mr. .T. COOPER objected to its being taken np
out of order.
Mr. C H. WILLIAMS hoped the House would
discharge the Committee of the Whole from that
bill; it involved no principle, being simply an set of
justice; and he promised, if the Hou^e would take
it np, that he would move the previous question.
Some conversation ensued, and ultimately Mr.
C. H. WILLIAMS moved a suspension of the
rules; but, on a division taken by tellers, the vote
was 88 in the tffirmative, and 47 in the neeative—
the motion was therefore loct; the majority being
less than two-thirds.
Mr. BUR NELL, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a hill for the relief of L \vr
C. Sartori; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of ihe Whole. He a'so moved
that the same committee be discharged from the
case of Purser Win. Speiden; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, by direction cf the committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of cei-
tain resolutions of the Legislature of Alabama, in
favor of the annexation of Texas to this Union.
He also, as an individual member of the com-
mittee, desired to (■tier a resolution on ihat subject.
Mr. WISE objected to the reception of the reso-
lution, and i! was not received.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from tbe Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief uf Mary Ann Linton; which was read twice,
and committed.
He also obtained the discharge of the ccmmittee
from a iaige mass cf papers.
, Mr. McKENNAN, from ihe Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bid to author'ze the
Secretary of War to direct experiment lo bo
ros>de to test the practicability and utility of J. W.
Kirk's Mississippi bo^t-fender, and making an ap-
propriation ot g.1,000 for that purpose.
It was read twice, and Mr. McKENNAN
moved that it be put upon its passage, instead of
being committed.
Mr. W. SMITH objected.
Mr. McKENNAN moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia strenuously objected to
the motion, and said, if the course pursued by
many gentlemen was persisted m, we should have
expenditures for experiments of every humbug
that could be thought of.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lsy the motion to sus-
pend the rules on the table, and asked for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, on a count by tellers.
Mr. McKENNAN then said he did not desire to
consume tbe time of the House, and would, there-
fore, withdraw his motion to suspend the rules, and
move that the matter be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on she state of the Union. The mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. SIEENROD, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reportid a bill for tbe comple-
tion of the Cumberland road east of the State of
Ohio; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BOARDMAN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings, reported a bill to provide tor the
erection of two buildines for the accommodation of
ihe War and Navy Department: read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr YORKE offered a resolution, which was
adopted, calling upon the Secretary of the Navy
to report to Congress the number of persons who
were attached to the Florida squadron, according
to tbe plan cf Lieut. McLaughlin, from 9th Octo-
ber, 1841, to 9ih October, 1842.
THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. ALLEN moved that the report of the Con-
ference Committee, on the army bill be taken up,
and passed upon.
Tbe motion &as agreed to, and the report of the
committee read.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired what was the
effect of the conference.
Mr. ALLEN replied that the House committee
had receded from the disagreement of the House to
the Senate amendment, adding ten cadets to be ta-
ken at large.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped that the House
would not agree with the committee in their recom-
mendation to recede. He was for bringing down
this academy.
Mr. ALLEN explained the reasons which had
induced the Committee of Conference to agree to
add ten cadets to be taken at large. They viewed
it as a matter of common justice to those army and
navy officers whose sons would be excluded by tbe
fact that they did not happen to reside permanent-
ly in anyone ccngressional district,
Mr. STANLY hoped that the report would be
agreed to, and the power given to the President to
appoint the ten additional cadets.
Mr. ADAMS urged, as a rea-on for adopting the
r-port of the conference cc mmittee, thst, in case of
its rejection, the whole array bill might be lost.
Mr. EVERETT advocated, and Mr. CAL-
HOUN opposed, the report of the conference com-
mittee.
Mr. FILLMORE moved the previous question,
which was sustained; and the conference report
sgreed lo by the Hou«e—ayes 88, noes 52.
Mr, L. W. ANDREWS, from the Committee
on Revclutionary Pensions, made an adverse re-
port.
Mr. T1LLINGH AST, from the Committee oa
the Library, reported a resolution authorizing tha
Clerk of tbe House to putchase for the Library of
Congress so many sets of tbe Laws of the United
States as might be necessary to complete ihe sets
now in the L'brary.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that this resolu-
tion involved a large and useless appropriation,
and therefore be moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER decided that it would not be
necessary for the resolution to go to tbe Committee
of the Whole.
