m
eONGRESSIONAI/GLOBE.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table,
Thi^ motion was agreed to—ayes 77, noes not
counted.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the Districtof Columbia, reported, without amend-
ment, ihe bill from the Senate amending the laws
regulating imprisonment for debt in the District of
Columbia.
The bill was taken up and read.
Mr. HOLMES offered an amendment, provi-
ding that no female shall be imprisoned on m«'sne
or final process.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON sug:es'ed to the gentle-
man from South Carolina tlv.1 >his amendment in-
volved the necessity of ferding the bill back to ihe
Senate, and it might be thus lost. He thought the
gentleman bad better rr-srve 1ms amendment for
the House hill to abolish imprisonment fr debt.
Mr. HOPKINS bad no idea that the 1 ill named
by the gentleman tiom Tennessee could be reached
at this period of the session. Hs thought the gen-
tleman from South Carol na had bet'er persist in
his amendment, and on it he would move the pre-
vious question.
The amendment v/ss t,.ea, tinker the opsra'ion
of the previous qopstu n, awd to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggfi.ted to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Undkhwocd] to c?ll up
his bill to ?bolibh imprisonment for debt m the
District of Columbia.
Mr. UNDERWOOf) accordingly moved to take
up that hill.
Mr. FILLMOBE ap pealed lo the gentleman to
let the genetal appiopriarou bill, on which the
previous qufstion had been moved, be passed, and
sent to the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD renewed his motion to take
up the bill to abolish imprisonment for debt in the
District of Columbia; but
Mr. FILLMORE insisting on giving the prefer-
ence to the general appropriation bill, that bill,
being the first business in order, was taken up; and
the previous que; lion being seeotickd, and the main
question ordered,
The first question was Mated by the Chair to be
the amendment made by the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Ayuhjuu ]
[The amendment, m substance, provides th?t
the further prosecution of the coast :.uiv<y shall be
discontinued; and thai {110,000 be appiopriatrd to
enable Mr. Hauler and Iih a'sir'ants to reduce to
paper the notes now en hand, which were taken
in the field during the Lv.t snmme>; and that a re-
port should be msv'e to Congress at the next ses-
sion, containing a plan for carrying on the work
in future ]
Mr. "WISE objected that the amendment wawiot
in order; hnt,
The SPEAKER overruling the objection,
Mr. AYCR1GG called for the yess and nays,
which were ordered; and, on taking the question,
resulted in yeas 75, nays 107; thus rejecting the
amendment.
The Clerk then read all the amendments which
had been made in Commit;?3 of the Whoip; which
were concurred in, with some exceptions, which
were reserved for the pciion of the Hou^e.
The first amendment to hieh exeepion was
made, was the item appropriating $3,000 for a
commissioner to tbe Sandwich Island...
Mr. RAYNER mad* the objection, and called
for the yeas and says th-reon; but they were not
ordered. He then called for teller;-, and they v.ere
ordered, and Messrs. Read and Jam f.s were op-
pointed. The amendment was concurred 11—86
voting in the affirniat'te, and 38 in the ncati've.
The next amendment to which objection < as
made, was that making an appropriati in for
an agent to mat:r inq"ir].>- respecting the commu-
nication between the Atlantic and the Pacific
oceans by the Is'bmus of Darien.
Mr. FILLMORE called for teller.", and Messis.
Linn and Medill were appointed, ond reported
95 in the affirmative, and 1C0 in the negative; so
the amendment was not concurred in.
The next amendment to which objec>ion had
been made, was the proviso introduced by Mr.
Botts, to prevent the payment of any sum ap-
propriated by items under the head of "foreign
intercourse," for salaries or outfits of any minister,
charge des affaires, or other foreign representatives,
appointed to any post now vacant, or that may
become vacant during the present session of Con-
gress, unless such appointment shall be made by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. W SMITH called for te'lers.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The amendment was rejected—yeas 60, nays
101, as follow?:
YEAS—Messrs. LandafF W. Andrews, Arnold, Babcock,
Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Bronson, Milton Brown, William
B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chit-
tenden, James Coojjei, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Crawford,
G. Davis, John Edwards, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gamble, P. G
Goode, Graham, Howard, Hudson, J. R. Ingersoll, James, John
F. Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan, Samson Mason, Mat-
tocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Mor-
gan, Ocborne, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Rayner,
Ridgway, Slade, Stanly, Siratton, John T. Stuart, Summers,
Toland, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Washington,
Joseph L. Williams, and John Young—60
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andiews, Ar
rington, Barton, Beeson, Bullae!?, Borden, Bo*vre, Brewster,
Aaron V. Brown, C. Brown, Burke, Burneil, Wm. Butler,
Patrick C. Caldwell, Calhoun, Cary, Chapman, Coles. Mark
A.Cooper. Cross, Cushmg, Daniel, lUchardD Davis, Dean,
Debeiry,Do;g, Jyhn c. Edwards, Ferris, John G.Floyd,('has.
A Floyd, Fomance,Gates, Gerry, Giddtng*, Giliner, William
O. Goode, Gordon, Graneer, Gwin, Hail, Harris, Henry,
Holmes,Hopkins,Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Cave Jolmecii, John W.
Jones, Isaac D. Jones, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham Mc-
Olellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory,
Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Me-
dill, Morrow, Newhard, Parmenter, Pickens, Plumer, Pops',
Proffit, Read, Reading, Rew.her, Reynolds, Rsggs, Rodney,
Wm. Russell, James M. Russell, Saitonstall, SurJoid, Saund-
crj, Sewell, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Wm. Smith, Snyder,
Steonrod, Stokcly, Sumter, Jacob Thompson, Tomhnson, Trot-
u, Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Westbiook, Winthi« p, Wise,
and Wood—101.
The several amendments adopted in Committee
of the Whole on the recommendation of the Com-
suttee on Public Buildings, were then adopted.
All of the amendments having been passed upon,
the bill was ordered to its engrossment
1l was then rrad a third time, and passed.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS called up his motion to
dischirge the Committee of the Whole Irom the
further consideration of the bill to divide the Uni-
ted St.-tes into two military districts. It was put,
and agreed to, (as the reporter understood, amid
the general noise iu the hall.
Several gentlemen gave notice of their intention
lo submit motions to take up particular bills in
Committee, of Ihe Whole.
EXKCUT1VE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a num-
ber of executive communications vtz:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting certain correspondence between
the Department of State and the Spanish minister
to this Government: referred to the Committre on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting statistics in relation to the expendi-
tures of that department for stationery and job
printing: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, slating the number and compensation of
cfiiccrs of the customs: laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to the resolution of the 6th of Au-
gust, calling; for a statement of the accounts of
navy officer.: laid on the t able, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to the call for information in rela-
tion to the pay, &e , of the commissioners of -the
loan: laid on the table, and ordered to be primed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, trarsmitiiBg, in accordance with acts of
Congre; s, a list and statement of unsettled accounts
in that department: laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
AMOS KENDALL.
The SPEAKER asked leave to submit the
resolutions of the State of Maine, in favor
of a release of Amos Kendall, late Postmaster
General of the United States, from the judgment
given against him by the court of the District of
Columbia.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. CHAPMAN asked the favor of the House
to take up and pass the bill "explanatory of an
act granting pre-emption rights to certain settlers
on the public lands."
The bill was read through; and having been or-
dered to its engrossment, was read a third time,
and passed.
On motion by Mr. CUSHING, the House re-
solved itself into Commitee of the Wboie, (Mr.
Summers of Virginia in the chair )
Mr. CUSHING then moved to take up the bill
to cairy into effect the treaty of Washington.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to take up the Post Office
bill.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland moved to take up
the warehousing bill.
Mr. W1NTHROP moved to take up the light-
house bill.
The question was first taken on Mr. Coshino's
motion, and it was carried.
TREATY OP WASHINGTON.
So the committee agreed to take up the bill pro-
viding for carrying into effect the treaty of Wash-
ington; and, the bill having been read,
Mr. McKEON said he was aware that this was
about the last chance that the House had to send
bills to the Senate, and that the time of the House
ought not to be unnecessarily taken up. His in-
tention, therefore, was lo express to the committee,
in the most concise manner, his objections to the
treaty, and bis reasons for voting against carrying
it into effect.
His firit objection to tbe treaty made during the
last summer, was, that while it was contemplated
throughout the whole country that it should be the
settlement of all the important questions of dis-
pute between the two countries, yet that treaty left
open and unsettled the mosi important of them.
If gentlemen would refer to the State papers laid
on the table yesterday, and which had not yet met
the public eye, they would find that Mr. Everett
was informed by the British minister that Lord
Ash''urton would go to the United States prepared
to settle all tbe questions of dispute between us
and Great Britain. He would not enumerate all
the unsettled questions, but it was well known.
that several yet remained open. Unfortunately,
that treaty left open an important question, which
one of its articles (the 8th) was supposed to settle;
and it would be remembered that this (one of the
most serious objections to that treaty) had become
realized by the construction the British Govern-
ment has put on it. He referred to the claim of
the right of visitation set up by Great Britain, and
which had always been opposed in the United
Slates.
If gentlemen would refer to the last despatch of
the President of the United States, they would find
that this question remains as it did years ago; and
from the want of information to Congress on the
subject, one would suppose that no correspondence
in relation to it had taken place. It seemed that
this 8th article of the treaty had been inserted with-
out a particle of explanation; and this became the
more remarkable, as this question had, since 1815,
been seriously agitated, not only in the United
Slates, but in Europe. The British archives were
crowded with documents from the different powers
of Europe, endeavoring to effect arrangements
with Great Britain on the subject. The House
might bs surprised at his now raising objections
to ibis treaty, considering that it had become the
law of the land. But on this he started no new doc-
trine; he only made the same objections as were
made by the republicans of that day to Jay's
treaty. Like that celebrated treaty, this one had
been condemned by the voice of the whole country.
And here he must be permitted to express the hope
that this treaty would not bs called the treaty of
Washington. He hoped the name of Washington,
who had so emphatically warned his countrymen
against entangling alliances with foreign powers, |
would not be associated with this treaty; but that j
