380
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the interest of the United States so to do,) may cause any of
said notes now outstanding to be redeemed and cancelled as
they become due, if the Secretary of the Treasury cannot re-
deem them out of the funds in the treasury, by an issue of
stock of the United States for the amount thus redeemed, in
the same form, for the same time, and under the same restric-
tions, limitations, and provisions, as are contained m an act
approved April fifteen, eighteen hundred and forty-two, en-
titled "An act for the extension of the loan of eighteen hundred
and forty-one, and for anaddition of five millions of dollars
thereto, and for allowing interest on treasury notes due," ex-
cept that no commissions shall be allowed or paid for the nego-
tiation of such business.
Mr. EVANS said that the Senate were aware
that there were now outstanding something like
eleven and a half millions of treasury notes. Of
that amount, near $4,000,000, according to his rec-
ollection, were due on presentment at the depart-
ment; and the'holders might at any moment pre-
sent them and demand pay mem; and the residue
(about $7,000,000) would fall due within the year.
Infact, he might say that the whole $11,000 000
■were payable this year. The;e was nothing which
prevented the presentation oi these notes to the
department now, but the resolution of last session
authorizing the payment of interest until they were
redeemed. It was obvious that, if gentlemen
would look at the state of the treasury, they would
see that it was utterly impossible to redeem this
year any part of the outstanding treasury notes, and,
at the same time, to carry on the operations of the
treasury. Near $3,500,000 of those notes were
not on interest alter they become due, but the
rest were. Congress dtd not provide that interest
should continue until ihe redemption of those
three and a half millions. The object to be effect-
ed by the amendment was to place those treasury
notes now (ailing due on the same foundation as
the previous issues—that w , that as loBg as they
were outstanding, ibey should be entitled lo interest.
The very moment those notes erase to boar inter-
est, he could assure gentlemen Ihey would be re-
turned upon the treasury. Ths object, therefore,
was to cont'nue those three End a halt' millions on
the same footing that the previous issues were.
The Committee on Finance hatt sgreed on the pro-
priety of the amendment pendtcg; so that, if the
Secretary could not redeem the notes as they fall
due, out of the means at his command, during the
present year, he could exercise the discretion
whether he would lake them up, or fund them
under the limitations of the act of 1842—which
limitations were all calculated to guard the treas-
ury. The committee had examined this matter with
as much deliberation as they could; and they be-
lieved that it was expedient and proper, instrad of
issuing new treasury notes, to leave the discretion to
the Secretary either to fund those outstanding, or
not, as he mt$ht think best under the circum-
stances. 11 gentlemen would look at the matter,
they could not expect that the treasury would be
able to redeem $11,000,000 ol notes outstanding,
and carry on its operations, out of the means for
the year. The true question was, in fact, whether
they could get along even without the redemption
of any of the notes. It was as much as they could
do to meet the ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment from the accruing revenue. Mr. E then
went on to show what would be the receipts for
the year. The passage of this bill would not in-
crease the public debt.
There was no mode of increasing it, unless Con-
gress authorized it. The Senator on the other
side, [Mr. McDdffie,] the other day, without look-
ing at this matter, told the Senaie that the public
debt was $30,000,000, and was rapidly going up
to $40,000,000; and that, before the end of the
year, it would be $40,000,000. He (Mr. E.) de-
sired to say that tt was utterly impossible that
there could be such an increase, unless the Senate
and this Congress authoriztd u- Therefore, he
could say that there was an outstanding debt of
$25,000,000 only; of which $11,000,000 were treas-
ury notes, and the rest the loans which had been
authorized at the last and preceding sessions of
Congress. Mr. E. went on still further in an ar-
gument, to show that it was utterly out of the power
of the Government, either in the year 1843 or
1844, to redeem those $11,000,000 of treasury
notes, and also the $5,000,000 loan, which would
fall due before 1845. The committee; therefore,
proposed now to restore the 34 trillions of treasury
notes to the former loan, of which it was, in fact,
a part—that amount of treasury notes having been
issued in lieu of ihe loan.
Mr. BENTON made some remarks, which were
not distinctly heard, but to which
Mr. EVANS replied, showing t.hat would be
the condition of the treasury at the end of the year.
He differed,not only with ttee conjectural estimates
of the department, but with the opinion of ihe
Ways and Means Committee of the other House.
He belisved that the revenue from customs would
be $15,000,000; and he would not be surprised if it
should go up to $17,000,000, instead of $13,000,000,
as supposed. He greatly feared that the revenue
would be too large—not for the wants of the treas-
ury, but for the good of the country. His opinion
was founded upon the fact, that there was a super-
abundance of money in the great commercial em-
porium (New York) seeking investment. He
feared thit that superabundance would lead to im-
proper speculation, and would cause to be brought
into the country more gttods than were necessary
for proper and ordinary consumption.
Mr. BUCHANAN understood that the whole
effect of the bill would be to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to fund so much of the outstand-
ing treasury notes as the necessities of the treasury
might require. They must either do that, or cre-
ate a cause for assembling an extra session, which
he believed to be one of the greatest curses that
could befall the country. He preferrsd the alter-
native of conferring power to fund the treasury
notes.
Mr. KING inquired of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Evans] wheiher, if they funded Ihe notes,
there w uld be any limitation as to the time—
whether they would be redeemed at ihe pleasure of
the holder, or the option of the Government.
Mr. EVANS :-aid they would be funded on the
came conditions, and on the same time, as was pro-
vided for in the loan law.
Mr. WOODBURY next took the floor, and made
an elaborate and very able speech (which will be
published hereafter) showing the abrolute necessi-
ty of making some provision to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to meet the demands upon the
treasury for the year. He showed that, with all
the anticipated means, both from land? and cus-
toms, it would be utterly impossible to ledeem any
of the treasury notes now falling due. The only
question with him, then, was, whether they should
go on and authorize a rei-sue of the notes falling
due, or leave the oiscretionary power with the Sec-
retary to fund so much of the notes as was neces-
sary to keep the wheels of the treasury in opera-
tion. He was opposed to there-issue, for two rea-
sons: one was, that it was not so economical as
funding the notes; and the other was, that it gave
too much countenance to the idea of a Govern-
ment paper circulation. He could only justify the
issue of treasury notes as a means of anticipating
the revenue, to meet the pressing demands on the
treasury. He much prefetred a loan to a resort
to treasury notes.
Mr. W. then went on to show that the revenue
anticipated for the year, according to the Secretary's
own showing, would be totally inadequate to sup-
ply the treasury, and to prevent a new accumula-
tion of debt. He believed that the income had
been overrated. Mr. W. then went on to show to
what extent the debt had accumulated under the
Whig administration of the Government. He ad-
verted to the resolutions introduced by the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] before he retired from
the Senaie, which set forth the declaration, that it
was the duty of the Government to provide within
the jear the means for carryingon the Government
for the year; and maintained >hat the present ma-
jority of Congress, instead of complyisg with that
declaration of duty, had widely departed from it;
that they had permitted the debt to go on accumu-
lating from year to year, by millions. He saw no
mode of providing within the year the means to
carry on the Government during the year, except
by having a proper revenue tariff, and by resorting
to the wise system of legislation (which the present
party in power should have resorted to) of briKg-
ing down the expenses of Government to the in-
come of the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the Senator seemed
to be exceedingly indignant with something. What
was ii? The amendment, or the bill?
Mr. WOODBURY observed that, so far from
that, he was in favor of the amendment.
Mr. EVANS asked what, then, was the Senator
doing but scolding him, (Mr. E.,) or somebody,
for introducing an amendment which he is going to
vote for? He (Mr. E.) was really ashamed to feel
himself called upon to explain for the fourth or
fifth time, in vain, the extent of the debt, the esti-
mates of the revenue, and the fact that the treas-
ury notes to be met are enly re-issues of the very
treasury notes which the Senator himself either
originated or sanctioned.
The Senator says he agrees with him (Mr. E )
on all the essential points of the bill. Why, then,
consume time in debate? The Senator wants to
see and examine a mass of figures, and to make
calculations; but to what purpose? Now, if it was
to prove there would be only seven millions of
revenue for the year, he (Mr. E.) would make a
prediction the reverse of the Senator'*—he would
say that the revenue of the yearwi uld be $15,000,-
000; he would go further, he wouid say $17,000,000.
The imports of February are coming up—those of
March will be more# Ifgentlemen want to make the
revenue fail, they have only to keep making their
predictions, and promising that they will repeal the
tariff bill, and every other measure of this Con-
gress, on the first day of next session. If they suc-
ceed in persuading importers that they will bring
down duties by the 1st of January next, these im-
porters will hold off from ordering importations,
and the gentlemen can succeed in breaking down
the treasury, and thereby verify their predictions.
Let this tariff stand but two years, and it will be
proved that the revenue can effectually carry on
the Government.
The Government complaint of this moment is,
the embarrassment occasioned by cash duties.
Money is exceedingly plenty. The banks in
New York have nine millions of specie in fheir
vaults; they cannot lend it out safely at even 5 per
cent. It is now going into the commerce of the
country. The danger is, that, for the last quarter
of this year, the imports will be too large—not for
the treasury, but for ihe interests of the country.
He verily believed the whole revenue of the year
would exceed $15,000,000. He knew there were
counteracting causes; a reduction on the price of
the great staple, cotton, for instance. But he ex-
pected the price would revive.
Large importations of specie had been coming
in during ihe last year. This cannot continue
long; goods must come in instead of specie.
The opinion of the best informed merchants in
Boston and New York is, that the imports of the
last quarter of the year will be such as to give
$15,000,000 of revenue for the year.
The Senator thought he discovered some want
of information or concealment in the estimates of
the revenue. He referred to reports from the
Treasury Department, wherein a difference in the
estimates appeared. This arose out of goods being
stored, which did not pay duties on the arrival,
but did in sixty days. On this account, the esti-
mate, in one of those instances, embraced the re-
ceipts of revenue, including half a million from a
former quarter; and "accruing revenue" meant
the revenue of the quarter on the importations of
the quarter.
Mr. WOODBURY would make a short expla-
nation, not intending to make a speech, or to scold
the Senator from Maise, as he supposed. As to
the Senator's allusion to his administration of the
treasury: was it not the fact, that all the treasury
notes outstanding when he left the treasury
amounted only to $5,500,000?
Mr. EVANS. Did not the Senator recommend
and assent to the issue of five and a half millions
more?
Mr. WOODBURY replied that he had assented
to the issue of five and a half millions of new
treasury notes, to take up the old ones.
Mr. EVANS. No, sir; no. Five and a half
millions of a new issue, to supply the treasury.
Mr. WOODBURY assured the Senator he was
