$$4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 2, 1843.
Mr. PAYNE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, praying a reduction and gradu-
ation of the price of the public lands: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. REYNOLDS presented ihe memorials and
resolutions from the General Assembly of the State
of Illinois, and had them referred to the appropri-
ate committees, to wit:
1'."Staling the propriety of settling the Oregon
question with Great Britain, and urging the subject
on the consideration of the Government of the Uni-
ted States. It is also stated, in the resolution, that it
was a grievous omission in the late treaty not to
settle the Oregon boundary with the other bounda-
ry questions; and that the question should not be
delayed any longer.
2. Proposing a redaction on the postage of let-
ters, &c.
This subject is urged on the consideration of
Congress, with facts, aEd great force of argument.
It is regarded in the memorial as a duty on Con-
gress to reduce postage generally.
3. Praying an appropriation of money to im-
prove the navigation of the Western waters.
Many facts are referred to, which will satisfy
Congress that the improvement of those rivers is
indispensable to the commerce of the Wesiern
country.
4. P/aying the reduction of dunes on certain in-
dispensable articles of consumption.
It is slated that it is unequal and unjust to com-
pel one section of the Union to support other sec-
tions of the same country by any act of Congress;
that the article of salt is indispensable; that one
family uses almost as much of this article as
another; that the imposition of taxe. ou:;ht to be in
proportion to the amount of propeity each individ-
ual may own. The- present act of Congress make.-;
no such discrimination; but imposes as much tax
on a poor man for salt, as on a person worth mil-
lion";. The operation of this act (states the memo-
rial) is so unjust and unequal, that it ought to be
forthwith repealed.
5. Praying an amendment in the pre-emption
laws, so as to do justice to theaclual settler.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
After the journals had been read, Mr. WHITE
of Louisiana obtained the floor, and said that he
was induced to seek the atteniion ot the Chair this
morning, for a personal explanation. He said he
had been attacked, and sorely insulted, in the face of
the House—not, indeed, in his individuality; for,
as to thai, if every bone in it were fractured, he
would not deem it a thing worthy of the Speaker's
notice—but (he said) when he spoke of himself in
this connexion, it was only as the impersonation of
those he represented; and this, lie hoped, v,as not
too bold an allegory. The people of his State, he
said, and his immediate constituents more espe-
cially, had been vilified and misrepresented in de-
bate here.
It has been staled—and the authority of Gen-
eral Jackson's opinions has been invoked m sup-
port of the idea—that a large portion of the people
whom I represent were spies and traitors in the
last war; that they were hostile to the cause in
which the country was engaged; and were ready
to join the enemy in opposition to their brethren in
arms.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) those statements have gone
abroad uncontradicted. No oppoituniiy has oc-
curred, under the rules and mode^ of proceeding,
to contradict or examine them. In come twenty or
thirty hours more, this session is to close; and then
these aspersions will pass into your Registers of
Debate as the materials of future history.
Mr. W said he really conceived it to be due to
truth, to justice, to an abused portion of the people
of the United States, and to the reputation of our
common country, that some little chanee should be
given to the Representative of those thus wronged,
to examine the grounds of the obloquies in order
t® see how far they may be founded in fact or rea-
son, or to what extent they arc fallacious, and sus-
ceptible of refutation.
How (he inquired) was this to be accomplished?
There was some difficulty in it, he confessed, in the
present juncture. The way he would propose was
this: The subject-matter on which those objection-
able statements had been made—the remission of
General Jackson's fine—was before the House in
a variety of shapes. Among them was bill No.
12, from the Senate. He would move that, as soon
as the House shall go into Committee of the Whole,
an hour be devoted to the consideration of that bill,
in order to afford him the opportunity of some ex-
pression in the premises.
Several gentlemen expressing themselves 'o the
effect that the standing committees had better first
be called for reports, after which it might be done—
Mr. W. said he had no objection to that. Any
course was agreeable to him, which afforded a
reasonable prospect of attaining the end.
MERCHANDISE RECOVERED FROM SHIP-
WRECK.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the Committee
of Ways and Means was discharged from the
bill to permit the entry of merchandise recovered
from shipwreck, in certain cases, free from duty;
and the same having been ordered to be engrossed,
was read the third time and passed.
FOREIGN COINS.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported, without amendment, thebiU
from the Senate regulating the currency of for-
eign gold and silver coins in the United State?;
and, the same being considered by the House, was
read the third time, and passed.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL, from (hp same
committee, reported, with several amendments,
the bill from the Senate to settle the title to the
Pea Patch Island, in Ihe Delawate.
The amendments having been read,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked that the bill be
put on its passage, by general consent.
Mr. WELLER called for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland objected to the
third reading of the bill at this time, under the ap-
prehension that it would lead to debate.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL then moved to rsfer it
to the Committee of the Whole on ihe stale of the
Union; which motion was agreed to.
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES OF THE UNI-
TED STATES.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL submitted a joint reso-
lution, requesting the President of the United
Siates to present to the British Government a set
of the standard weiahts and measures of the United
States, to replace those destroyed in the late fire in
London: adopted.
BRITISH TREATY.
Mr. POPE rote and explained that he was un-
avoidably absent when the final vote was taken
on the bill to carry into effect the late tieaty with
Great Britain, so that his name did not appear
among the yeas and nays on that vote. He wish-
ed to state, that, had he betn present, he would
have voted for the bill.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the Committee of
Claims be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of Daniel Skinner,
and the bill for the relief of Richard Patten; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWEN then explained and advocated the
bill for the relief of Richard Patten, and meved
that it be taken up in the House, and put upon its
pjsssge; which, being agreed to by general consent,
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
FOREIGN COINS.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported, wiih several amend-
ments, the bill from the Senate to fix the value of
certain foreign moneys in the aecounls and com-
putation of the custom-houses; and the amendments
having been read,
Mr. ADAMS made an inquiry, which led to ex-
planatory remarks from Mr. PICKENS and Mr.
WINTHROP. The amendments of the commit-
tee were then ccncurred in; and the bill was read a
third time, aod
Mr. WINTHROP, from the Csmmittee ont
Commerce, made a report on a communication
from the Treasury Department, on ihe subject of
light-houses on the Eastern coast.
COLORED SEAMEN.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the House take
up the resolutions appended to the report some
time since made by him in relation to the imprison-
ment of colored seamen in Southern ports. He
said it was too late, at this period of the session, tj
discuss the subject at any length; yet, while he
hoped the House would take a vote on the resolu-
tions, he would not move the previous question.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. WELLER called for the reading of the res-
olutions.
The Clerk accordingly read the resolutions as
follows:
Resolved, That the seizure and imprisonment, in any por;
of this Union, of free colored seamen, citisens of any of the
States, and against whom there is no charge but that of enter-
ing said port in the prosecution of their rightful business, is a
violation of the privileges of citizenship guarantied by tha
2d section of the 4th article of the Constitution of the United
Slates.
Resolved, That the seizure and imprisonment, in any port
of this Union, of free colored seamen, on board of foreign ves
sets, against whom there is no charge but that of enteiingsaid
portm the course of their lawful business, is a breach of the
comity of nations, is incompatible with the rights of alt nations
in amity with the United States, and, in relation to nations with
whom the United States have formed commercial conventions,
is a violation of the 6ih article of the Federal Constitution,
which declares that treaties are a part of the supreme law of
the land.
Resolved, That any State laws, by which certain classes of
aeameuarc prohibited from entering certain ports of this Union,
in the prosecution of their lishtful business, are m contraven-
tion of the paramount and exclusive power of theGeneral Gov-
ernment to reeulate commerce.
Resolved, That the police power of the States can justify no
enactments or regulations which are in direct, positive, and
permanent conflict with express provisions or fundamental
principles of the national compact.
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
and ihey were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows—yeas 86, nays 59.
So the motion prevailed.
Mr. B. RANDALL, from the Committee oa
Commerce, made various adverse reports.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported Senate bill entitled "An act
for the relief of John R. Williams," without amend-
ment and he asked the House to put it on its
passage.
After a few words of explanation, the bill was
read a third time, and passed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a joint resolution to
continue the charter of certain banks in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and the same having been read,
Mr. PICKENS inquired whether this was an
original bill of the House, or a bill from the
Senate.
The SPEAKER said that it was an original
joint resolution reported from a committee.
Mr. PICKENS observed that a joint resolution
was in the nature of a bill, and could not, without
a suspension of the 16th joint rule, be sent to the
Senate.
The SPEAKER said that the joint resolution was
in fact a bill, and, if passed, could not be sent to
the Senate without a suspension of the rule.
Mr. POWELL called for the second reading
of the resolution.
Mr. WELLER observed that it could not be
read the second time but by general consent, and
he objected to it.
The SPEAKER said that, when the second
reading of a bill was objected to, the question
then arose, "Shall it be rejected?"
Mr. SMITH ofVirgmia raised the point of or-
der, that a bill on the same subject had already
been reported, and was now before the Commit-
tee of ihe Whole. This bill was then out of or-
der, under the ruje prohibiting the introduction of
two billion the sgme subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD wished to correct the gen-
tleman in point cf fact. This resolution was dif-
ferent from the bill in Committee of the Whole,
for the reason that it contained a provision allow-
