mi
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A. Floyd, Famance, Garry, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gra-
ham, (Iwm, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Houck, Houston, Hubard,
Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones
Isaac I>. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham
McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory,
Marchaad, Alfred Marshall, John T. Mason, Meriwether,
Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Owsley. Parmenter, Payne,
Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Read", Reding, Rencher, Reynolds,
Riggs, Roosevelt, Sanford, launders, Sewell, Shaw,* William
Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Steenrod, Stokely, Alex. H. H. Stuart,
Sumter, Taliaferro, John J. Thompson,FTriplett, Trotti, Un-
derwood, Van Buren, Wallace, ward, Washington, Watter-
son, Weller and Westbrook—108.
Mr. BRIGGS then moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table; which motion'was agreed to.
JONATHAN ROBERTS.
Mr. TOLAND, from the Select Committee on
the case of Jonathan Roberts, late collector of the
port of Philadelphia, msde a report, accompanied
by a resolution that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The report was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed, and the resolution agreed to.
Mr. GILMER rose and asked leave to withdraw
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House had passed a bill granting a section of land
to the town of Fair Play, in the Territory of Wis-
consin. The effect of the withdrawal of the mo-
tion is to send the bill to the Senate.
Mr. SLADE asked leave to present certain reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Vermont.
Objections being made,
Mr. SLADE moved the suspension of the rules;
but the motion was rejected.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to which had been refer-
red the bill from the Senate for the relief of Joseph
Bryan, reported the same without amendment.
SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
Mr. WM. 0. BUTLER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which had bsen referred the
bill from the Senate to repeal certain parts of the
act "for the organization of the army and for other
purposes," approved 23d August, 1842, reported
the same without amendment.
Mr. WM. 0. BUTLER then moved that the
bill be put upon its pas sage, and moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the bill would not pass. It
swept away all the reform that was made in this
branch of the service at the lat>t session.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Massachusetts that, the previous question having
been called for, debate wa^ not in order.
Mr. BRIGGS suggested that, as the bill contem-
plated new appropriations, it must be considered in
Committee of the Whole.
Tne SPEAKER said that it would be necessaiy
to refer it to the Committer of the Whole.
Mr. WM. 0. BUTLER accordingly moved that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Uni.'n.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay it on the table; and,
on this question, he callcd for the yeas and nays,
which were oidered;and,
On taking the question, it was decided in the
negative—jeas 63, nays 114.
The question was then put on referring the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union, and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked leave to report the bill from the Sen-
ate to authorize the States of Missouri, Louisiana,
and Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the
validity of their claims.
Objections being made by several—
Mr. MOORE moved the suspension of the rules;
but the motion was negatived.
CODE FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a joint resolution, providing that the
code of r-ules snd regulations for the government of
the navy of the United States, prepared by the Sec-
retary of the Navy and the Attorney General, un-
der the resolution of the last session, be submitted
to Congress at its next session; and that, until then,
said code &hall be put in operation, and printed,
for the use of the navy.
Objec ted to by several, and not received.
LIVE OAK.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the House resolve
itself into Cummittee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill to protect the live-oak
timber of the United States in Florida; but the mo-
tion was not agreed to.
Mr. CARUTHERS, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution to correct a mistake in the bill for the
relief of Thomas King, directing the Secretary of
War, and not the Commissioner of Pensions, to
place his name on the pension roll.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL. "
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
navy appropriation bill, which had ceme back from
the Senate with the action of that body on the
amendments there a.
The Senate had concurred in all the amendments
save the one in relation to the Brooklyn dry-dock;
and the question came up in the House on receding
from its amendment in that respect.
Mr. WISE hoped the House would recede, so
that the House and the Senate might concur, and
the bill be passed.
Mr. FILLIWORE hoped that the House would
not recede; and he went on to give his reasons for
desiring the House to pursue that course. He con-
cluded by moving the previous question; which was
sustained by the House.
Mr. R. McCLELLAN called for the yeas and
nays on the question of receding; and, being- order-
ed, they resulted thus: Yeas 78, nays 98.
Mr. WISE then moved the appointment of a
committee of conference; which was agreed te.
The House then took up several bills, which had
come from the Senate with various amendments—
the whole of which were concurred in.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGES.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act to re-
duce the rates of postages," was read twice.
Mr. BRIGGS off«red the following amendment;
Strike out ths first section of the bill, and insert,
in lieu thereof, the following:
On all letters weighing not more than one-quarter of an
ounce, avou'dupois, lor any distance not exceeding fifty miles,
five cents.
On all letters for any distance over fifty miles, ten cents.
On all letters weighing more than one-quarter, and not over
one-half ounce, double the above iates; and the same rates of
postage for eveiy additional quarter of an ounce weight on all
letters weighing more than half an ounce.
On all drop-letters, five cents.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, from and after
the first day of January next, all existing laws granting the
privilege of fianknie, or lecetving free of postage, any letters,
packets, or papers ol any kind, to members of Congress, the
Secretary o( the Senate, the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives of the United Slates, and to any and all other persons, ex-
cepting the Piepitlent, ex-Presidents, and widows of persons
who have been Piesidentsof the United States, and excepting,
also, the PoHtmasiei General, the AssistantPostmastcis Gener-
al, and the Auditor of the Tre«u«tuy foi the Post Office Depart-
ment., be, and the same are hereby, repealed: Provided, koto*
evtr, That the privilege of franking and receiving letters, pa-
pers, and packets, free of postage, granted to the Postmaster-
General, the Assistant Postmasters General, and to the Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Office Department, shall extend
to such matters only as relate to the business of their offices.
Sec. 4. And bp it further enacted, That, from and after
the fast day of January next, the postage on all letters, papers,
and packets, that may be lawfully sent by mail, received by or
directed to the members of either House of Congress, during the
session? theieof, and the postage on all letteis, papers, and
packets, that may be lawfully sent by mail, received by the
Sccreiary of the Senate or the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, relating to the business of the
office of thcsaidSecretary or Clerk, shall be paid out of the
contingent funds of the respective Houses.
Mr. B. addressed the House at length in support
of his amendment.
Mr. HOPKINS replied to Mr. Briqqs, expressing
his objections to the amendments of the latter.
Mr. WISE moved the previous question; and it
was sustained by (he House.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to lay the bill and the
amendments on the table.
On this motion tellers were called for and ap-
pointed; and they reported 76 in the affirmative.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and,
as they were ordered, the count bv tellers was sus-
pended. The yeas and nays wtre then taken as
follows: veas 62, nays al.
Mr. FILLMORE calffed for §the reading of the
amendments; and they were read accordingly.
The question was then taken on the first division
of the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr, Briggs,] by which letters are to be
charged—for 50 miles or under, 5 cents; over 50
miles, 10 cents, &c.
The amendment was agreed to—yeas 88, nays
54.
The question recurred on the second division of
the amendment—i. e. that which prohibits and lim-
its the franking privilege, except in certain cases.
This portion of the amendment was rejected—
yeas 73, nays 83.
The question recurred on the third division of
the amendment, which provides for the payment
of the postage of members of Congress on letters
addressed to them on public business, out of the
contingent fund of the House; and, on taking the
question, the amendment was rejected without a
division.
The question coming up on the passage of the
bill-
Mr. RHETT moved to lay it on the table; which
motion was rejee'ed—yeas 57, nays 80.
The bill was then passed, under the operation of
the previous question.
Mr. WISE then rose and.stated that the Senate
had taken a recess until 6 o'clock, and he wished
to move that the House take a recess also. tit
was now half-past 4 o'clock.] i
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that the House
should dispose of some Executive messages, which
were on the table of the Speaker.
Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped the House would go
on with the business in order; for they would not
be able to do any business after a recess. He ob-
jected to everything but the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. WELLER was understood fo move that
some particular bill be taken up; but it was not
agreed to, nor was the title of the bill heard. Great
confusion ensued, the prevailing object being to
avoid a recess. Ultimately, the House took up
some bills which had come with amendments made
therein by the Senate, with which the House con-
curred. They were as follows:
An act for the better protection of the lives of
passengers by vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam.
An act reorganizing the General Land Office.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had received a letter
from the chairman of the Committee on Finance of
the Senate, informing him that the Senate had
taken a recess until six o'clock; and that, as several
very important appropriation bills were still to be
acted upon, it would be necessary to hold a night
session. Under these circumstances, he intimated
his wish that fhe House should take a recess.
[Loud cries of "No—no recess."]
Mr. UNDERWOOD desired a joint resolution
to be first acted upon, which had come from the
Senate, for the suspension of the 1 Gib joint rule of
the two Houses, to permit certain specified bills to
be transmitted from the Senate to the House. On
this subject he moved the previous question.
Mr. READ moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and on this he called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered, and resulted as follows:
yeas 78, nays 81.-
Mr. BOWNE moved that the House adjourn,
(5 o'clock.)
Mr. FILLMORE hoped that the House would
not adjourn, inasmuch as, by the joint rules of the
two Houses, this was ihe last day on which bills
could be sent to the President.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to adjourn. The result was—yeas 64, nays 92.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WELLER moved that there be a call of
the House. -
The yeas and nays were taken on this motion,
aod resulted—yeas 69, nays 85.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. J. C. CLARK objected, that the motion was
not in order till there had been some business ac-
tion of the House,
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
saying ihat there had been a motion for a call of
the House, and the question was taken on it.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
