CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*8?
nays on the adjournment; which were ordered, and
resulted in yeas 75, nays 79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the resolution,
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted that the motion was
not in order, as there bad already been a similar
motion made and rejected, while no business had
been done since.
Mr. C. W. WILLIAMS appealed to the friends
of the resolution to withdraw from it the obnoxious
measures, as it was evident they stopped all the
business of the Hous«.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that if it was the
intention of gentlemen to pass- through, at this late
hour, this Massachusetts claim which had been de-
feated for twenty-five years, without a word of de-
bate or explanation 
[Loud cries of "Order, order," drowning the rest
of the sentence.]
The SPEAKER here decided upon Mr. Fill-
more's point of order, overruling it on the ground
that the right to make this motion at any time was
essential to the business of the House.
Mr. FILLMORE appealed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. MASON of Ohio moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS asked if it would be in
order to move to lay the resolution on the table.
[Loud cries of "There is a question of order."]
Mr. SAMSON MASON asked if it would be in
order to move to go into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
would.
Mr. S. MASON said be wished to move that the
House go into Committee oi the Whole on the bill
concerning the regiment of dragoons.
Mr. FILLMORE requested (tie gentleman who
moved the previous question on the joint resolu-
tion from the Senate, to withdraw his motion, so
that any bill mentioned in the list appended there-
to, if objectionable, might be excepted pnd slricken
out; and that the rest misht then be acted upon.
[Cries of ''Strike out the bf.uk bill, And the other
can pass; or they will all be lost together."]
The SPEAKER suggested that there were three
propositions in the resolution; on each of which a
distinct vote might be ceiled lor.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suegtsted that a dis-
tinct vote be taken on each btli mentioned in the
list from the Senate.
[Loud cries of '-It cannot be done."]
Mr. FILLMORE, (uespctidingly.) Wei!, there
is no other way, then, I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
[Loud cries cf "The yeas and nays," and laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the appeal
on the table.
[Cries of "The yeas and nays," and great con-
fasion.]
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said, if they were to be
compelled to act upon bills of so much importance,
both to the House and to the country, without any
opportunity for a single word of debate, and with-
out an opportunity to inquire into the goodness or
badness of'these banks, or (be justice or injustice
of extending their charters—
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to a question of or-
der. Receive the bills, (he said,) and then dncuss
them.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON. Why, you will not al-
low discussion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You do not know. [Great
confusion—the Speaker beating with his mallet on
his desk, and loudly calling the gentlemen to
order.]
The SPEAKER said She only question before
the House was, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the XIou*e?'' and not the
batik bills. It was simply a question of "Is the
Chair right or wrong?"
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked to be excused
from voting on that question. [Loud cries of "Yeas
and nays on that," and laughter.]
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS said he fiad moved,
some time ago, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole. [Cries of—"The yeas
and nays on that."]
Mr. BOTTS rose and moved an adjournment.
Mr,-L. W. ANDREWS demanded the yeas and
nays; but 24 gentlemen rose in favor of the mo-
tion. Tellers were demanded on taking the )eas
and nays, and they were ordered; and Messrs.
Calhoun and Welleb were appointed. The yeas
and nays were ordered and taken.
Mr. BOTTS rose before the decision was an-
nounced, and said that he had learned that, if the
HoUSe adjourned, it was likely that the civil and
diplomatic bill would be lost: he should therefore
change his vote, No. [A voice was heard to say—
"Why, then, you vote against your own motion,"
and laughter.]
The SPEAKER then announced the vote to be
83 in the affirmative, and 86 in the negative. The
motion was, therefore, not carried.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved that the House
go into committee.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and. expressed the hope
that the matter in hand would be dropped, rather
than risk the defeat of the three appropriation bills
which were pending before the two Houses. He
had just returned from the Ssnate, where he was
informed by the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee that the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill had not been disposed of in that body, and the
enrolling of which bill would require ten to twelve
hours. He, th' refore, urged that it was indispen-
sably necessary to pass that bill to-night.
Mr. ADAMS made an inquiry as to the effect
of adjourning, and Mr. FILLMORE replied; but
none of the conversation was heard above the sur-
rounding noise.
Mr. GILMER rose to make an inquiry. He
wished to know whether it required a suspension
of the 16th joint rule in order to act upon the
bills which had been sent to the Senate, but
amended in that body.
The SPEAKER said, No.
Mr. GILMER. Then the objection of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fillmore] falls to
the ground.
The SPEAKER then observed to the gentleman
from New York that he was informed by the Clerk
that the appropriation bills were already enrolled,
and it would he only necessary to add to them such
amendments as should be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had his information
from the chairman of the Finance Committee. He
would inquire whether the Speaker did not mean
to say engrossed.
The SPEAKER said he was informed, upon
specific inquiry, that the bills were enrolled.
The Senate announced their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the bill for the reduc-
tion of postages.
Mr. J. G. FLOYD moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. C, H. WILLIAMS asked for the yeas and
nays; which were taken, and resulted—yeas 89,
nays 76.
So the House, at seven minutes before 7, ad-
journed.
IN SENATE,
Friday, March 3,1843.
The reading of the journal was dispensed with.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the House bill to authorize
the settlement of the accounts between the United
States and Richard M. Carter, reported the same
back, with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed; and,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
were postponed, and the above bill was taken up
as in committee of the whole, and indefinite by
postponed.
Mr. EVANS, from the same committee, reported
back, with amendments, the bill from the House
concerning money received by certain public
officers before they can be disbursed, and for other
purposes. Mr. E. said, though the committee had
recommended amendments, they could not recom-
mend the passage of the bill. On his motion, the
bill was then taken up as in committee of the whole,
and indefinitely postponed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Samuel
C. Mabsoa and Jacob Rose. The reports were
concurred in by the Senate.
The House bill making appropriation to test the ^
plan for electro-magnetic telegraphs, was read the
third time, and passed. ,.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
James P. Allen, and other citizens of the United
Slates, and a petition from a number of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying the issue of Government
stock, based on the public domain; which were
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the adverse re-
ports of the Committee on Naval Affairs on the pe
titions of Benjamin Franklin and Charles L. Wil-
liamson, were taken up and concurred in..
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted a communication from William
W. Hunter, of the United States navy, in relation
to war steamers; which, on his motion, was order-
ed to be printed.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the vote on the
adoption of the resolution below was reconsidered,
viz.:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to ascer-
tain, and report at the next session of Congress, the value ana
extent of the claims of the Western Cherokees upon the United
States, growing out of their treaty stipulations.
Mr. S. then moved to amend the resolution, by
adding the following, viz:
That is to say, that portion of the Cherokees known and de-
signated as the old sestlers west of the Arkansas; which claims
are set forth in ^ticir memorial of the 16th April, 1812, signed
John Rodgevs, ana others.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was then adopted.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Evans on yes-
terday, proposing to suspend the 16 h joint rule,
to permit certain bills to be sent to the other House,
was taken up; and, after being amended, on his
motion, to suspend the 17th joint rule so far as to
allow all bills and resolutions which were passed
yesterday, and those which might pass to-dsy, to
be presented to the President for approval, it was
adopted.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider, as in committee of the whole, the bill for the
relief of George E. Johnson. After a few remarks
by Messrs. WHITE, EVANS, and MOREHEAD,
the bill was amended, on the motion of Mr.
EVANS. There being no further amendment, it
was reported to the Senate, read the third time, and
finally passed, as amended.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred the bill from the
House to repeal an act entitled "An act to extend
the collection district of Wiscasset," reported the
same back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed.
This bill was then taken up, as in committee
of the whole, on the question of indefinite post-
ponement; and, after a few remarks by Mfesrs.
WILLIAMS, KING, EVANS, WOODBRIDGE,
and HUNTINGTON, the vote was taken, and de-
cided in the negative. There being no proposition
to amend the bill, it was reported to the Senate,
and finally passed.
House bill entitled "An act to authorize the in-
vestigation of alleged frauds under the pre-emption
laws, and for other purposes," was taken up,
read the third time, and passed.
A message was received from the House, asking
the Senate to suspend the 16th and 17th jeint rulee,
for the purpose of receiving, and permitting to be
sent to the President, the following bills, which had
been amended by the House, viz:
The bill granting a pension to David Welch;
and
The bill for the relief of Thomas King.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the above message
was taken up for consideration; and, on bis mo-
tion, the proposition of the House to suspend the
joint rules was amended, by inserting the bill for
the relief of Robert B. Lewis. The proposition, in
this form, was concurred in by the Senate.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS.
Mr. BATES said, as most of the business on the
calendar had been disposed of, he would ask the
