CQTORESSIONAIi GfcGBE.
attention of the Senate to bill No. 655, making ap-
propl^Kions for the widows of the officers and
soldiers of the Revolution. He had made several
attempts to bring this subject before the Senate, but
without effect; and he now made the motion to
postpone all the previous orders, with a view to take
up that bill.
Mr. KING! saidfhe would be glad if the Senator
would allow him to dispose of a bill for the relief
of a-poor soldier of the Revolution, which he was
convinced would take up no time, and then the
pension bill could be called up immediately after-
wards.
Mr. BUCHANAN, (lotto voce.) Don't give way;
he means to vote against our bill.
Mr. BATES said he could not consent that
5,000 widotys of the officers and soldiers of the
Revolution should give place for anything or any-
body.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought it unreasonable as
well as ungallant in his friend fiom Alabama to
desire to make 5,000 widows give way for one
poor old soldier. Such was his understanding of
the gallantry of by-gone days, that 5,000 soldiers
would gladly give way for one of the* gentler sex,
and particularly those standing in the light which
th<ese.«stimabls ladies did, as relicts of the heroes of
me'ReVolution.
Mr. KING said the bill he desired to have acied
on, was for one who had done the State some ser-
vice; while the widows, who seemed to claim so
lajfgea share of the gentleman's sympathy, never
did any service, nor did their husbantjp. These old
women had married over and over again, and now
came to claim pensions from the Government.
These were beautiful times, indeed, to make gra-
tuities of half a million of dollars to old women
who never rendered any service whatever to the
country.
Mr. BUCHANAN. Order.
'Mr. KING, (smiling.) How does the Senator
make out his point of order?
Mr. BUCHANAN, (playfully.) The point of
order I make is, that the Senator from Alabama
should speak of these ladies as old. It was not
pleasant to him to hear them .thus spoken of; and
he was quite sure it must be less so to them. To
be serious, however, <jn this matter, he had been
instructed unanimously by his State to support the
measure; and, rigid as he was known to be where
all matters of appropriation were concerned, he
Should vote for this bill wiih as much pleasure as
he ever did for anything in his life. He did not
mean to go into the discussion of the pension sys-
tem; all he desired was to have some definite ac-
tion on the bill. These ladies hud before received
the bounty of the Government; and why take it
from them now, when they were some seven ®r
eight years older than they were, and most of them
on the extreme verge of life? To refuse them this
little pittance, he held would be imkind, unjust,
and ungrateful to the memory of their departed
husbSnds. What was the difficulty on this matter?
It had been said that the times were unpropitious;
that the amount is large, &c.; yet, they could sit
and discuss, at midnight, joint resolutions to give
thousands upon thousands to persons who were
better paid than any other officers under Govern-
ment, while this body sought to refuse a small pit-
tance to those meritorious old ladies—the relicts of
departed heroes of the Reyolution.
Mr. WALKER thought the bill might as well
be taken up: for when the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania appeared at the head of his five thousand
widows, he was a very formidable opponent, and
not easily beaten.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bates, to postpone all the previous orders, with
a view ta take up the bill; and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 23, nays 10.
So the bill was taken up.
Mr. BATES, chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, rose and explained the bill at some
length, going iato detail, and pointing out the ob-
jects of the committee in the amendments they
bad proposed. The bill, as it came from the
House, would make the nnmber as computed from
«ight to nine thousand, and the amount required
fpppld have been somewhere about eight or nine
hunSred thousand dollars. The amendment of
the committee, if adopted, would make the pension
to extend to all married prior to 1794, to com-
mence from the 4th of March, 1843. This.would
place some five or six thousand on the list, and,
for the first year, would require between three and
four hundred thousand dollars. Very few of these
widows were under the age of seventy; and all
knew how rapidly the sands of life run at this age.
Most of these ladies had been engaged during the
war of the Revolution, but their marriages had not
been consummated until after the perils ef the Rev-
olution had ceased.
Mr. McDUFFIE. The Senator seems'to speak
knowingly of these matrimonial engagements. He
(Mr. McD.) did not very well know what per-
sonal knowledge the chairman could have of the
matter; but it seemed to him that engagements that
lasted eleven years were rather too long.
Mr. McD. moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out "ninety-four," and inserting "eighty-
three;" so that no pension under this act should be
paid to any widow who was married to the revolu-
tionary soldier or officer after the year 1783.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested that the amend-
ment, if it prevailed, would operate a defeat of the
bill. He thought it better, therefore, to take a di-
rect vote upon its passage.
Mr. McDUFFIE rose to ask upon what princi-
ple of policy or justice a claim could be set up by
a widow, whose marriage had taken place subse-
quently to the termination of the war, to a pension,
founded upon the services of her husband during
the war. The husband, during his life, had re-
ceived a pension, enuring to her benefit, as well as
his own; and be demanded by what right a pension
could be claimed on the part of the widow, unless
it were shown that she had participated in the
struggle, and been subjected to the privations inci-
dent to the time. f
Mr. BATES said pensions, in these cases, were
claimed upon two grounds. First, upon the same
ground upon which a widow would be entitled to
demand and recover the debt of her deceased hus-
band. The revolutionary soldiers had never been
paid for their services; and it was just, therefore,
that their widows should receive pensions. Another
ground was, the gratitude due to the revolntionary
soldiers, who rendered to their country the most im-
portant services. Upon considerations both of jus-
tice and gratitude, this Government ought to cen-
tnbute to lender the remainder of their lives com-
fortable.
The amendment of Mr. McDuffie was nega-
tived—yeas 15, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Benton, Berrien, Calhoun, Clay-
ton, Dayton, Graham, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum,
Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Buchanan,
Choatp, Crafts, Crittenden, Evans, Fulton, Huntington, Kerr,
Linn, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Wilcox, and
Woodbridge—24.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut sustained the bill,
not on the ground of a gratuity, but because the fe-
males of that day were all more or less compelled
to make sacrifices, and had besides rendered ma-
terial service.
Mr. McROBERTS asked what they were about
to do? Here was an attempt to expend some six
or eight hundred thousand dollars for a gratuity
to widows of the Revolution. Where was the
money to come from? How were they to g«t it?
Was not the treasury bankrupt, and were they not
now borrowing money for the'ordinary expenses of
the Government? He would move to strike out
"five," and insert "one"year; and then let the next
Congress doas it pleased.
The question was taken on this amendment, and
decided in the negative—ayes 16, noes 23.
Mr. MERRICK inquired if any appropriation
had been made for carrying into effect the bill?
Mr. BATES said there was no appropriation, of
course, until the bill passed; and, if it should pass,
he would move to insert $380,000.
Mr. YOUNG thought the present a most unpro-
pitious period for the passage of such a bill. Here
they were, at the close of a Congress, seeking to
anticipate business which appeared to him to be-
long of right to the succeeding one. It was not
proper that an expiring Congress—indeetj, he might
almost say, a dead Coflgress-r-should attempt. to
fix a system; when it was known thatgreat changes
had been made under the census of 1940, and
changes, also, in their own body. He wqu)d, there-
fore, move to lay the whole subject en the table;
and on that question he asked the yeas and nays.
The question having been taken, there appeared
yeas 17, nays 22.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer^ Benton, Berrien, Calhoun, Clayton,
Cuthbert, Dayton, Graham, King, McDuffie, McRobertfl, SlUler,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wright, and Young—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Bates, Buchantn, Choate,
Crafts, Evans, Huntington, Kerr, Linn, Merrick, Pheipa, Porter,
Simmona, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Spragoe,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Wilcox, and Woodbridge—21
Mr. GRAHAM desired to call the attention of
the Senate to this subject, conceiving, as be did,
that it involved principles of importance. Yffi
had commenced with the soldiers, and that was
right; we had extended it to their widows, and of
that he did not so much complain. And, now here
was a proposition to give five years' pensions to
all those who married prior to 1794.
Mr. BATES. No, sir; no such thing in the bjjl.
Mr. GRAHAM was glad to hear that much. In
this case, no expectations had beejn excited. Von
have already allowed them five years'pensions, ai$
now you are about to grant an additional .gratuity
of five years more, when it was neither required
by justice nor policy; but, above all, now—when
they were borrowing—to vote $380,000 for gratuities,
seemed to him most strange.
Mr. ALLEN ^aid, as the House had sent the bill
to them, it would have required millions of dollars
to have met all the cases embraced in ft. The sub-
ject had been carefully considered by the intelli-
gent and industrious chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, who, after mature deliberation, had
proposed the amendment which they had heard.
Mr. A. gave, as an additional reason for his sup-
port of the amendment of the Senate, that the
hopes of those ladies bad been excited; and as they
had been made the recipients of the bounty of the
Government, they would feel more keenly the de-
privation than those who had never enjoyed it. He
should vote for the bill, therefore, not with any
desire to extend the pension system, but to relieve
those who had been taught to look for it, and
which to refuse now would be considered a griev-
ous disappointment; at a time when, above all
others, they would be least able to bear it. In his
opinion, it would be the height of human cruelty
to withhold it.
Mr. KING said the Senator from Ohio seemed
to take great credit to himself that he had not ta-
ken the House bill, which would have given away
millions, but one that only cost some three or four
hundred thousand dollars. Where was the differ-
ence m principle? For his own part, he did not
know but he should prefer the House bill. Where
was the necessity of pensioning those who had al-
ready once been pensioned? They all knew bow
this bill came to be passed in the first instance;
and that it was from the importunity of one who
was herself cut off from all its benefits after it had
been passed. On what principle of justice did the
bill proceed? Where was the merit of being mar-
ried prior to 1794, or subsequent? Why had the
committee fixed on that particular period?—as
though it was a great merit to have married a day
sooner or a day later. Was that the great sympa-
thy of gentlemen—to give all their bounty to one
class, and to withhold it from another, on the
ground that to have extended it would have been
too onerous on the treasury? If that be so, would
it not be better to give to those who bad married
since 1794, and had never received it?
What possible excuse could there be for giving
a pension to one who marries a day earlier than
another? Suppose a gentleman goes home to his
constituents, and sees two of these widows living side
by side; one of whom is made the recipient of the
bounty of ihe Government, because she fortunately
happened to marry a day earlier than her neighbor,
who, though marrying a day later, may have been
the widow of a brave and gallant officer or soldier.
What possible excuse could there be for any such
proceeding? To do exact justice, we must pension
all. The idea of a Senator voting for such a bill,
