390
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hardships and dangers of the prairies and the -
mountains, Mr. Fremont left the month of the Kan-
sas, on the frontiers of Missouri, on the 10th of
June; and, in the almost incredibly short space of
faut months, returned to the same point, without
an accident to a man, and with a vast mass of use-
ful observations, and many hundred specimens in
botany and geology.
In executing his instructions, Mr. Fremont pro-
ceeded up the Kansas river far enough to ascer-
tain its character, and then crossed oyer to the
Great Platte, and pursued that river to its soured in
the mountains, where the Sweet Water (a head
branch of the Platte) issues from the neighbor-
hood of the South Pass. He reached the Pass on
the 8th of August, and describes it as a wide and
low depression in the mountains, where the ascent
is as easy as that of the hill on which this Capitol
stands, and where a plainly-beaten wagon road
Jeads to the Oregon through the valley of Lewis's
xiver, afork of the Columbia. He went through
the Pass, and saw the head-waters of the Colorado,
of the Gulf of California; and, leaving the valleys
to indulge a laudable curiosity, and to'make some
useful observations, and attended by four of his
men, he climbed the loftiest peak of the Rocky
Mountains, until then untrodden by any known hu-
man being; and, on the 15th of August, looked
down upon ice and snow some thousand feet be-
low, and traced in the distance the valleys of the
rivers which, taking their rise in the same elevated
lidge, flow in opposite directions to the Pacific
ocean and to the Mississippi. From that ultimate
point he returned by the valley of the Great Platte,
following the stream in its whole course, and solv-
ing all questions in relation to its navigability, and
the character of the country through which it flows.
Over the whole course of this extended route,
barometrical observations were made by Mr. Fre-
mont, to ascertain elevations both of the plains
and of the mountains; astronomical observations
were taken, to ascertain latitudes and longitudes;
the face of the country was marked as arable or
steril; the facility for travelling, and the practica-
bility of routes, noted; the grand features of nature
described, and some presented in drawings; milita-
ry positions indicated; and a large contribution to
geology and botany was made in the varieties of
plants, flowers, shrubs, trees, and grasses, and
rocks and earths, which were enumerated. Draw-
ings of some grand and striking points, and a map
of the whole route, illustrate the report, and facili-
tate the understanding of its details. Eight carts,
drawn by two mules each, accompanied the expe-
dition; a faet which attests the facility of travelling
ia this vast region. Herds of buffaloes furnished
subsistence to the men; a short, nutritious grass,
sustained the horses and mules. Two boys, (one of
twelve* years of age, the other of eighteen,!) besides
the enlisted men, accompanied the expedition, and
took the* share of its hardships; which proves that
boys,#s well as men, are able to traverse the coun-
try to the Rocky Mountains.
The result of all his observations, Mr. Fremont
had condensed into a brief report—enough to make
a document of some ninety or one hundred pages;
and, believing that this document would be of gene-
ral interest to the whole country, and beneficial to
science, as well as useful to the Government, I
move the printing of the extra number which has
been named.
In making this motion, and in bringing this re-
port to the notice of the Senate, I take a great
pleasure in noticing the activity and importance of
the Topographical Bureau. Under its skillful and
vigilant head, [Colonel Abert,] numerous valu-
able and incessant surveys are made; and a mass
of information collected of the highest importance
te the country generally, as well as to the military
branch of the public service. This report proves
conclusively that the country, for several hundred
miles from the frontier of Missouri, is exceedingly
beautiful and fertile; alternate woodland and prairie,
and certain portions well supplied with water.
It also proves that the valley of the river Platte has
'Randolph Benton, son of Senator Benton.
'Henry Brant, son of Col, Brant, of St. Louis, Mo.
a very rich soil, affording great facilities for emi-
grants to the west of the Rocky Mountains.
The printing was ordered.
The CHAIR here announced to the Senate that
a mistake had been made in engtossing the amend-
ments to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill. The amendment adopted by the Senate, giv-
ing $500 additional to the mail agents of the Post
Office Department, had been inadvertently over-
looked; and it was engrossed at $1,000, as it came
from the House. The bill had been returned to
the other House.
Mr. EVANS suggested that the bill could be
sent for; and he moved an order directing the Sec-
retary to proceed to the House, and announce by
message, the fact of the error, and the wish of the
Senate that the bill should be returned. This order
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the pre-
vious orders were postponed, and the Senate took
up for consideration, as in committee of the
whole, Ihe bill for the protection of commerce on
the western shores of Lake Michigan. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Commerce having been
adopted, the bill was reported to the Senate, and
finalfy passed; the title having been amended by
striking out the words "western shores."
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business, but
waived the motion on the suggestion of
Mr. MERRICK, on whose motion the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads was dis-
charged from the further consideration of all mat-
ters now pending before it.
On motion by Mr. KERR, a similar discharge
was marie with reference to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, a similar
discharge was made with reference to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, a similar dis-
charge was made with reference to the Judiciary
Committee.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana, a simi-
lar discharge was made with reference to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.  
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, a similar dis-
charje was made with reference to the Naval Com-
mittee.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, a similar
discharge was made with reference to all the re-
maining committees.
The joint resolution for the relief of Benjamin
Ogle Tayloe, was taken up as in committee of the
whole; and, having been amended on the sugges-
tion of Mr. KING, was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed as amended.. .
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The bill to authorize the re-issue of treasury
note?, and for other purposes, having been returned
from the House with a disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate authorizing the funding of three
and a half millions of the notes outstanding, to run
for twenty years, was taken up for consideration-
Mr. EVANS said the amendment authorizing
the funding of those notes was one of considerable
importance; and he was strongly impressed with the
propriety of insisting on it. He believed it was
adopted by a unanimous vote of the Senate. He
was entirely at a loss to know on what ground it
was that the House refused to concur. He was
strongly of the opinion that the law, to be effective,
should pass in the form in which it was passed by
the Senate. If it could not pass in that shape, it
was absolutely necessary that it should pass in
some form: that was dictated by every considera-
tion of necessity,
Mr. WOODBURY concurred in the propriety of
passing the bill in its present form; and, in accord-
ance with that sense of propriety, he moved that
the Senate insist on its amendment, and ask for
a committee of conference.
The Senate insisted; and,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Chair was au-
thorized to appoint a committee on the part of the
Senate, to consist of three.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana, the pre-
vious orders were postponed, and the Senate took
up for consideration, as in committee of the whole,
House bill entitled "An act providing for the sale
of certain lands in the States of Ohio and Michi-
gan, ceded by the Wyandot Indians, and for other
purposes."
Mr. SMITH of Indiana explained the provi-
sions of the bill; it was to authorize the sale of the
lands* acquired by treaty from the Wyandot
Indians. <
Mr. WHITE said that, by the provisions of the
treaty by which the land of the Wyandot Indians
was ceded, the United Slates stipulated to pay those
Indians for their improvements such sum as, upon
appraisement, they were found to be worth; the ap-
praisers to be appointed by the United States. These
appraisers had awarded to the Indian? $125,957-21.
Mr. W. said the Secretary of War had recom-
mended an appropriation to cover the amount of
the award. He therefore moved to amend the bill
under consideration, with an additional section,
appropriating fer that purpose the sum of $105,-
957 21. He remarked that $20,000 had been al-
ready appropriated for the purpose. This amount
would make up the full award.
Mr. KING was opposed to paying such an enor-
mous sum. They were told, in the discussion on
the appropriation to pay for the land, that the
amount required to pay for these improvements
would not be more than $20,000. The sum paid
for the land was enormous. Having approved of
the sum stipulated for the land, they were now
called upon to appropriate more than $125,000 for
the improvements of a handful of Indians, which
could not have been anything but hut& and a few
fruit trees. This sum was most enormous—unless,
indeed, those Indians were even more civilized
than the whites on the frontiers, and had erected
for themselves splendid tenements, and laid out
pleasure-grounds, abounding with beautiful shrub-
bery, and fountains, Who would undertake
to say th'at such was the easel No one. Who
were the agents, and by whom were they appoint-
ed, who had awarded such an unreasonable amount
for the mere huts of a handful of Indians?
Mr. WHITE replied that Motes H. Ktrby and
John Waters were the agents—one of whom, he
knew, was reputed to be a most highminded and
honorable man. The other he did not know.
Mr. KING continued his remarks, at some
length, against the amendment. He considered
the award a fraud. He hoped the amendment
would not be agreed to, on the limited information
they now possessed. He was as willing and as
ready to do justice to the red man as the white;
but he could not sanction such an award, believing
it to be a fraud on the Government. No man in
his sense?, who knew anything of the Indian char-
acter, their mode of livin?, and the nature of the
improvements, could believe, for a moment, that
those improvements were worth anything like the
amount proposed to be appropriated.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that the Secretary of
War should not have selected such men as would
do injustice to the United States. But the appraisers
had been selected according to the stipulations
of the treaty; and they had made an award. How
could they help themselves'? They must fulfiltheir
contract with the Indians. The United States con-
tracted under the treaty to pay such sum for the
improvements of those Indians, as appraisers, to be
appointed by the Goverment, should award to them.
The United States had exercised her rights under
the treaty—had appointed appraisers to protect her
interests. They have made the award. He (Mr.T.)
would rather pay $100,000,000 than consent to a
violation of treaty stipulation by this Government
with the humblest tribe of Indians. If there had been
proper officers appointed, it would have been man-
aged better. If the people did not wish to be sad-
dled with such enormous awards, tbey must see
and know whom they put into power. The Wyan-
dots were the innocent party; they were not instru-
mental in placing those men in office. He hoped,
therefore, the amendment would prevail.
Mr. EVANS said this amendment had been dis-
cussed two or three times before; he hoped the Sen-
ate would, therefore, take a vote upon it. It was of
the utmost importance that the Senate should pro-
ceed with other busines's.
