396
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hast, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull, Van Rensselaer, Edward
D* White, Joseph L. White, Thomas W.- Wiiliams, Christopher
HI Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, and Au
gustus Young—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Sherlock J. Andrews Arnold, Arlington,
Babcock, Baker, Beeson, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown. Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Burnell, Patri, k
C. Caldwell, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey,
Chapman, Clinton, Coles, Cowen, Garrett Davis, Richard i).
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Defeerry, Doig, John G. Floyd, Charles
A) Floyd, Gamble, Gilmer, Gordon, Graham, Harris, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston, Hubard, Charles J. lngersoll, Cave Johnson,
John W. Jones, Keim, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham
McCIellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, John Thomson Mason,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell,Moore,
Oliver, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Payne, Pickens, Ramsey,
Rayner, Read, Reding, Renchcr, Reynolds, Riggs, Rodney,
Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell, James M. Russell, Sewell,
Shaw, Shields, Wm. Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod, Stratton,
Trotti, Turney, Watterson, and Yorke--83.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
• The next question was on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate in relation, to printing
the Compendium of the Sixth Census; and, the
proviso adopted in Committee of the Whole hav-
ing: been adopted,
The question was taken on concurring in the
amendment as amended, and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 55, noes 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Baker, Barnard, Barton,
Birdeeye, Blair, Borden, Briggs, Brockway,. Jeremiah Brown,
Childs, John C. CUik, Jatnes Cooper, Cranston, Cushing,
John Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Gilmer, Howard,
Hudson, Joseph R. lngersoll, William W. Irwin, John P.
Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan, Morrow, Oliver, Osborne,'
Pearce, Pope,"Powell, Ridgway, Saltonstall, Slade, Snyder,
Stokely, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Richard W. Thompson,
Tillinghaet, Toland, Tomlinson, Tiipiett, Tiumbull, Van
Rensselaer, Wallace, Edward D. White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Christopher II. Williams, JosephL. Williams, Winthrop,
and Wise—55.
NAYS—Messrs. LandaffW. Andiews, Arrington, Atherton,
Babcock, Beeson, Boardman, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Bran-
son, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Buike,
Burnell, Patrick C. Caldwell, William B. Campbell, Ca-
ruthers, Casey, Chapman, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper,
Cowen, Cravens, Garrett Davis, Richard I). Davis, Debeiry,
Doig, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Graham, Granger,
Halsied, Hams, Ilaya, Hopkins, Ilouck, Houston, Ilubaid,
Charles J. lngersoll, Cave Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, Keim,
Lewis, Littlefiuld, Abraham McCIellan, McKay, McKeon,
John Thomson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid,
Medill, Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Owsley, Par-
menter, Partridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Benjamin Randall,
Alexander Randall, Rayner, Reding, Rcuchei, Iliggs, Rodney,
"Rogers, Roosevelt, William Ruasel!. James M. Russell,
Sewell, Shaw, Sheppcrd, Shields, William Smith, Spring,
Stanly, Steenrod, Suauon, John T. Stuart, Taliaferro, Troui,
Turney, Van Buren, Watterson, Joseph L. White, Yorke,
and Augustus Young—DL
Mr. FILLMORE here moved that the House
take a recess from 4 to 6 o'clock; which motion,
by general consent, was agreed t<>.
The question wavnext taken on ihe amendment
of the Senate, legalizing the employment of cer-
tain clerks in the State Department; and it was
not concurred m.
The question was then taken i n the amendment
of the Senate, defraying tli« expenses of distribu-
ting the remaining copies of the printed returns of
the Sixth Census—2,500. This amendment was
concurred in.
The question was taken on concurring in the
amendment ol ihtj Senate, restoring the appropria-
tion for the salaries oi the Solicitor and Recorder
of th<! General Land Office, which had been struck
out by the House.
Mr. GILMER called for the yeas and nays;
which'were ordered: and, on taking the question,
it was decided >n the negative—yeas 62, nays 79,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Barnard, Birdseye, Board-
man, Bowne, Childs, Ciinton, Tames Cooper, Cowen, Garrett
Davis, Dawson, Everett, Fillmore, Galea, Grander, Holmes,
llowatd, Charles J lngersoll, Josqih R. Injicrsoll, William
Cost Johnson, John P. Kennedy, King, Linn, Lowell, McKen-
nan, Samson Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan,
Morrow, Oliver, Pearce, Plumei, Pope, Randolph, Rayner,
Rodney, Jatnes M. Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Siade, Wm.
Smith, Stanly, Stokely, Toland, Tomlinson, Tnplett, Trum-
bull, Van Rensselaer, Watterson, W'eslbrook, Edward 1>.
White, Joseph L White, Thomas W. Williams, Christopher
H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wmthrop. Wise, Yorke,
and John Young—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Babcock, Beeson,
Boyd, Brewster, Brings, Brockway, Aaron V, Brown, Cbailes
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke, Burnell, Patrick C. Cald-
well, William B Campbell, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden,
Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cranston, Richard 1)'. Davis, De-
berry, Doig, John C. Edwards, John G. Floyd, Charles A.
Floyd, Focnance, Gilmer, Giaham, Halsted, Harris, Hastings,
Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Ilubard, Hudson, Cave john-
son, John W. Jones, Keim, Lewis, Littlefield, Abraham Mc-
Clellan, Robert McCIellan, McKay, McKeon, John Thomson
Mason, Mathtot, Medill, Mitchell, Owsley, Pdimenter, Payne,
Kamsey, tBenjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Reed, Red-
ing, Rencher, Ridgway, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell,
Sewell, Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Steenrod, Stratton", Alexander
H, H. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Trotti, Turney, and Under-
wood—79.
The other amendments were all concurred in.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House take
up the treasury note bill, which had come from the
Senate with au additional section as an amendment.
The question was agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE explained the object of the
amendment, and moved the previous question
upon it, which was sustained by the House.
The amendment was not concurred in.
MILITARY DIVISIONS OF THE UNITED
STATES.
On the motion of Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS, the
House wsolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Atherton in
the chair,) and took up bill No. 792, being a bill
to divide the United States into two military dis-
tricts.
Mr. STANCY addressed the committee on this
bill, in opposition to it.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS replied to the gentle-
nun from Norih Carolina, who, he said, had evi-
dently not examined the bill, and did not under-
stand it.
The debate was continued by Mr. JAMES
COOPER, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and the House took
a recess for two hours—it being now 4 o'clock.
evening session.
At 6 o'clock the chairman of the Committee of
the Whole [Mr. Atherton] resumed the chair.
MILITARY DIVISIONS OF THE U. S.
The pending question was a motion that the
committee rise.
Mr, C. H. WILLIAMS hoped that the com-
mittee would not rise without reporting the bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to
rise. The Chair reported ayes 12, noes 34.
Mr. ADAMS demanded that the fact that there
was no quorum present be reported to the House.
Mr. C. II. WILLIAMS called for a count.
Tellers reported ayes 8, noes 69.
Mr. ADAMS insisted upon the fact being re-
ported 10 the House.
After ineffectual attempt? on ihe part of several
gentlemen to prevent the committee Irom rising—
Mr. A. insisting oil his demand—
The CHAIRMAN decided that the fact that
there was no quorum must be reported to the
House.
The committee rose, accordingly, and reported
the fact,
Mr. ADAMS moved that there be a call of the
House, and called for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion; which were otdered, and resulted—yeas 45,
nays 79.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS offered a resolution, di-
recting that all debate in Committee of the Whole
en the bill to divide the United States into two mil-
itary districts 3hall cease in fifteen minutes after
the House shall go into Committee of the Whole.
The resolution was agreed to.
The bill authorizing a re-issue of treasury notes
was returned from the Senate—that body adhering
to ils amendment.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House ad-
hered to its disagreement; and a coaim:ttee of con-
ference was ordered to be appointed.
The bill from the Senate, to provide for holding
a circuit court of the United Siates at Williams-
port, in the western district of Pennsylvania, was
read a third time, and passed.
The joint resolution foj the relief of Benjamin
Ogle Tayloe, returned from the Senate with an
amendment, was next taken up.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the bill be laid on
the table. After much noise, agreed to—ayes 78,
noes 47.
The Senate's amendment to the bill for the relief
of John Skirving was concurred in.
Also, the Senate's amendment to the bill grant-
ing pensions to certain widows and revolutionary
soldiers.
Also, the amendment of the Senate to the bill
for the protection of commerce on the western
shores of Lake Michigan.
Also, the amendments to the bill in relation to
pre-emption rights. [Title not heard.]
The bill from the Senate for the- relief of-Robert
B. Lewis was read three times, and passed.
The bill granting a pension to David Welch
failed at first, for want of two-thirds to suspend the
rules.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS called for tellers, which
were ordered; and the motion to suspend Was Car-
ried—ayes 96, noes 34.
The bill was then passed.
LADIES.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was unani-
mously resolved that, for this evening, ladies should
be admitted on the floor of the hall.
  The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid before
the House several Executive communications.-
MILITARY DISTRICTS. "
On motion of Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS, at 7 o'clock,
the House resolved itself into Committee df the
Whole on the state of the Union, and resunied the
consideration of the military district bill.
After much confusion, and several attempts, in-
effectually made, to lay the bill aside, with a view
to take up ether business, (i. e. the fine bill, <fcc.)
the committee rose and reported it to the House.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved the previous
question.
Mr. WISE moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. YORKE asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. WISE withdrew his motion.
And the question recurred on the demand for the
previous question; which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be taken,
(being on the engrossment.)
Mr. W. SMITH asked the yeasand nays, which
were ordered; and, being; taken, were—yeas 98,
nays 69, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Arnold, Arrington,
Alheiton, Babcock, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Blair, Boardman,
llous, Bowne, Brewster, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Miltoo
Brown, Charles Brown, William Butler. William O. Butter,
Green W. Caldwell, John Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell,
Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, John C. Clark, Clinton,
Craneton, Cross, Daniel, Richard V. Davis, Dean, Debeiry,
John C. Edwards, Ferris, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gam-
ble, Gentry, Gilmer, Green, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Houston,
Charles J. Ingeisoll, Cave Johnson, Keim, Lane, Lewis, Lit-
tlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McCIellan,
McKeon, Mallory, Thomas F. Marshall, John Thomson Mason,
Medill, Miller, Morgan, Oliver, 1'armenter, Payne, Pickene,
Plumer, Pope, Randolph, Rayner, Reding, Reynolds, Kiggs,
Rodney, Rogers, Shepperd, Sprigg, Steenrod, Stokely, Stratton,
John T. Stuart, Summers, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghaet, To-
land, Triplett, Tuiney, Underwood, Van Buren, Ward, Wash-
ington, Watterson, Weller, Westhrook, Edward D. White,
Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Augustus
Young—98.
NAYfc—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Birdseye, Briggs, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, Childs,
Chittenden, Coles, James Cooper, Cowea, Cravens, Crawford,
Cushing, Garrett Davis, Everett, Gates, Patrick G Goode,
Graham, Granger, Hall, Halsted, Hopkins, Houck, Howard,
Hudson, William Cost Johnson, John P. Kennedy, King, Linn,
McKay, McKennan, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Max-
well,-Meriwether, Morris, Oaborne, Pearce, Powell, Ramsay,
Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Rencher, Ridgway,
Roosevelt, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Saoford, Sewell, Shaw, Slade, William Smith,Snyder, Stanly,
Tomlinson, Trotti, Van Rensselaer, Joseph L. White, Thomas
W, Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Yorke, and John Young—69.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading at this time.
And, having been read a third time, the bill was
passed.
Mr. P. Q. GOODE, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, made a report.
A message was received from the Senate, sta-
ting that that body receded from its third amend-
ment to ihe general appropriation bill, but in-
sisted on its others.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
At the request of Mr. FILLMORE, this bill was
taken up. The House, on his motion, persisted
in its disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ale, and a Committee of Conference was ordered
to be appointed.
THE SPEAKER'S ADMINISTRATION.
Mr. WELLER of Ohio, on leave given, had
presented the following resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be offered to the
Hon. John White, for the able, impartial, and dignified riiais-
