CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S7
n^r in, which he has discharged the duties of Speaker during the
27th Cocgreas.
And Mr. CHAS. BROWN, having stated that
he:snppQsed t)>e yeas and nays would not be taken
op Jhe resolution; but that he, for one, could not
vote for it, proceeded (amidst much manifest sen-
sation in the hall) to make some remarks.
He did not intend, he said, to make a speech on
the resolution, though he was opposed to its adop-
tion. The vote he was about to give was not his
own. He was here the representative of some
68,000 of the people of these United States, and
when he was asked to vote that the Speaker of
this House had acted, as Speaker, in an impartial
manner, he could not assent to it.
■Mr- MeKEON interposed, and, remarking that
it Mtss lather early in the evening to enter upon
thj$$8bjeet, appealed to the gentleman to permit
this subject to lie over until they could dispose of
the bawaess before them.
Mr. BROWN declined to comply with the re-
quest, and proceeded. The people he represented
here, he said, had interests, and they had a right
in some way or other to have them represented in
this House. In the formation of the committees
of this House at the last session, Mr. B. had been
plftesd on a committee that had no relation to any
of those interests of his constituents in the most
remote manner. He had refused to serve on that
committee, and had given his reasons therefor to
theHouse. That committee had no duties to per-
form in which his constituents had any interest
whatever. In the formation of the committees of
this House, again his name did not appear.
fA distant voice: "It ought not to appear."]
Mr. B. put it to gentlemen that his name bad as
good a right there as the gentleman's name, al-
though he did come from Kentucky. That por-
tion of the people of Philadelphia which he repre-
sented had as good a right a? the people of Ken-
tacky, or as the people of any other place, to be
heard, and to have their interests consulted here;
and when they were insulted, or at least neglected,
he eould not stand here in a craven spirit to vote
that the Speaker had discharged bis duties in an
impartial manner. For the Speaker, in all the pri-
vate relations of life, Mr. B. had the highest re-
spect; but the vote he was about *to give was of
some public consequence or of no consequence,
and he could not vote for the resolution; and he
might say that, in many instances, the Speaker had
not conducted himself, as Speaker of the House, in
an impartial manner; but he left the House to
judge for itself. For one, standing here as a
Representative of the peopK and feeling that the
Speaker had not treated them and their representa-
tive in this hall with justice, Mr. B. deemed it his
duty to pronounce in this House that the Speaker
had not done the duties of Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. B. had heard a voice say that he (Mr. B.)
ought not to have been placed there.
[A distant voice: "Yon did; I repeat it. I say
it on-my own authority and responsibility.]
Mr. B. continued. When he had entered this
hall as a Representative of a portion of, the people
of these United States, he had come in here as a
Representative second to none. He was the Rep-
resentative of 68,000 people; they had thought
proper to send him here—to dignify him as a Rep-
resentative of the American people; and no man here,
no matter how old he might be, or how high out of
this House, had any better claims to be heard than
he had. They were all equal on this floor; and,
for one, he had not been sent here to play second
fiddle to any man; nor should he do it. He would
vote, so far as the personal relations between him-
self and the Speaker were concerned, in honor of
the Speaker; but he could not say that he had acted,
with reference to his public duties, in an impartial
manner.
Mr. PICKENS rose to make an appeal to those
gentlemen with whom it had been his pride and
pleasure to act on ail great public questions. He
hoped they woul'd make no opposition to the pres-
ent resolution. Mr. P. veil remembered when, on
a similar occasion, a similar resolution had been
tendered to -&-Speaker who had presided with di&-
Upgiiishs^ ability over the House, that it was as-
sailed with bitterness—I allude to Sir. Speaker
Polk. I thought then it was unkind and und gm-
fied, and think so still. It was unworthy of the oc-
casion. And let us not now imitate an example
set us by oar opponents, which it does not become
us to follow. Where they acted wroDg, let us do
right. Let us, on this occasion, m our closing
scenes, act with liberality and generosity.
Mr. Speaker, I came here a member in 1834,
soon after I was of an age to be eligible; and 1 can
say., without arrogance, that there has been no
great public question that has arisen, from that
time to the present, in which I have not taken an
active and decided part; and on any measure in-
volving vital principle, I think I can say that I
would be amongst the last to yield. It has been
my habit, on all such measures, to be firm-and de-
cided, and even sometimes ultra. But, while it
has been my pride to take the highest and most un-
compromising grounds upon questions of principle,
yet, in everything involving the mere courtesies
of life, and personal liberality, it is the glory of aiy
nature to yield, where generosity demands it.
I lock upon she present resolution as involving
no principle, but as an act ofusnal compliment,
habitually paid in every civilized assembly to its
presiding officer; and I trust my friends will net do
anything to mar the appropriate harmony of the
occasion. Let us remember that it is the lot of
humanity to err, and that it is the glory of a mag-
nanimous natnre to forgive and to forget. I have
been engaged in the fiercest and most bitter con-
flicts that have occurred upon most of the discus-
sions of the day; and yet I can lay my hand upon
my heart, and, as I am about to retire, declare,
in the utmost sincerity, that I have at this moment
not a single unkind feeling towards any one with
whom it has been my pleasure to be thrown to-
gether in all the associations of this House.
Mr. Speaker, this Congress has done enough to
engender bitter and hostile feelings amongst mem-
bers upon this floor; and it has also dons enough
to sow the seeds of discord, wide and deep, through-
out the Confederacy. And now that we are s bout
to close our labor*, let us not, in our expiring mo-
ments, show that, (like tbe savage) we can harbor
vengeance and malignity even in 'he dying hour.
Let us seize upon this occasion (which has always
been considered fit and proper) to mingle together
in harmony, and exhibit all the nobler attributes of
magnanimity and generosity.
Sir, vie are about to part, and many of us forever.
In God's name, let us part in peace; and may every
unkind recollection of the past be absorbed in one
common feeling—and that, a burning, devoted attach-
ment te our common country, htr honor, and her glory.
I am ready to vote with cheerfulness for the reso-
lution,
Mr. WELLER said he had no expectation, in
bringing forward this resolution, that it would have
provoked a discussion; although, if he bad reflected
upon the character of some in this House, he
might have anticipated that it would meet with op-
position from certain quarters.
This was an act of courtesy (continued Mr. W.)
which had always been extended to the presiding
officer of this House at the close of every Congress.
He believed there was.not a single instance its the
history of this American Congress, where a similar
resolution had not been presented and passed upon
by a majority of this House. Mr. W. did not
undertake to say that the presiding officer of this
House bad always acted, as presiding officer, in
conformity with his (Mr. W.'s) views; er that, in
the appointment of the committees of this House,
or in the decisions of questions of order, the Speaker
had pursued stitch a course, and given such decis-
ions, a? he  hould have given; bat he undertook to
say that the Speaker had discharged his duty as
faithfully as was possible for a man operated upon
by the same feelings and influences thai operated
upon them all. They were all fallible; the Speak-
er was a party man, and he (Mr. W.) was a party
man—an ultra party man. Mr. W. would oppose
the Speaker and the majority of this House upm
any of the questions involving those great princi-
ples on which he stood before the country, as warm-
ly and ardently as the gentleman from Pensylva-
nia [Mr- Brown] would; but he was not willing to
carry his opposition so far as that it should degen-
erate into malignity. He was not widing to stand
before this Hou.ie, and exhibit a personal malignity.
Mr. BROWN abked an opportunity to explain. ,
The SPEAKER pro tern. [Mr. Briggs] called the
House (which was at this moment in great confus-
sion) to order, and requested gentlemen to resume
their seats and preserve order. It was impossible
to proceed with decorum, unless this was done.
Mr. BROWN (Mr. Welder yielding the floor)
said he had expressly stated that he had not an
.unkind feeling towards the Speaker, and he had
said ;,o in truth; and no gentleman on this floor
had a right to suppose, or to say, that he had any
other than kind feeling?. But he voted for his
constituent?; tnd he could not, in justice to them,
vote that the conduct of the Speaker had been im-
partial, when he believed the contrary.
Mr. WELLER resumed. He had understood
tbe genleman from Pennsylvania to say that he
had not had that place upon the committees ef this
House that his merits would entitle him to. The
gentleman had certainly assigned that as one of the
reasons wbich-would influence his vote,
_Mr. W. had no wish to prolong this discussion.
He hoped—about to separa'e as they wers, many of
them never to ni-;et again—that they would sepa-
rate witn the kinflest feelings towards each other.
Hs had submitted this resolution upon his own
responsibility—though as violently opposed to
the Speaker of this House upon political principles
as any man within the sound of his voice—as an
act of courtfsy, of generosity, of magnanimity,
which no Congress had ever refused. He was
willing, for his part, to take the responsibility of
that act here and before tho country. Let gentle-
men who desired go against it; he should record
his vote upon the journal in favor it.
Mr. BURKE (across) was understood to say he
shon'd vote against i'.
Mr. WELLER. The gentleman might go
against it if he chose. Mr. W. did not pretend to
dictate to any man as to his vote.
It was for this House (Mr. W.continued) to de-
cide whether, in this case, they would refuse to ex-
tend ihi-? act of courtesy to the Speaker of this
House, at a period when they were about to sep-
arate, never again to meet in this hall; and he
hoped and trusted that the spirit of magnanimity
and generosity which should characterize every
true Democrat would be found to actuate every
man with whom he associated here.
Mr. CUSHINGr obtained the floor; but yielded
it, for purposes of explanation, at the request of—
Mr. WISE, who said he had not one word to
gjy—and for many reasons—upon the resolution
proposed to the House at this time; and he certain-
ly should not have taken the floor, but for some re-
marks which had been made by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens.] in which, although
tbe gentleman had disclaimed intending any per-
sonal reproach to him (Mr. W.) or to any other
gentlemen, yet (Mr. W. was understood to say) he
had seemed to disapprove of the precedent. But
the gentleman had undertaken to say that that was
a precedent unworthy of example; and had under*
taken to say, further, that it had sprung from a
spirit of malignity.
Mr. PICKENS said he had stated that he had
thought at that time that it was unkind and undig-
nified.
Mr. WISE was understood to say that the oppo-
sition to that resolution had not sprung from him.
Opposition to such a resolution never could origin-
ate with him. But when it had been presented to
him at that time, the judgment which many formed
was, that either that resolution was a compliment
of substance, or of mere form. If it was a compli-
ment of mere form—''yours truly," or "your obe-
dient. servant," or "dear sir," to a letter—why, then
it was worse than a poor compliment: it was
"damning a man with faint praise." But if it was
meant to be a serious judgment, (he spoke of the
past,) if it was intended to declare as truth the abil-
ity, impartiality, and dignity of the Speaker, they
were hound to sit in judgment, and to render a ver-
dict; and not a verdict of mere form, but upon their
opinions, under their oaths, a verdict upon the con-
duct, upon the administration of the Speaker, of
