398
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
truth or of untruth, of justice or of injustice; and it
had nothing to do with the question of generosity.
He cared not how generous a man might be.
Though his generosity might be unbounded, no
man had a right to vote what he did not think to
be true. No man had a right to render a judgment
for mere form, which judgment he did not really
entertain. Tnis was the principle which had gov-
erned that precedent; and it had been regarded as
the only mode either of rewarding a faithful, im- <
partial, dignified Speaker, or of punishing one who
possessed not those qualities.
In reply to some remarks of ihe gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. WjxLEa,] Mr. Wise had only to say
that it would be the meanest malignity for any
gentleman to refuse a vote of thanks to a Speaker
who, all believed, had tried 'honestly and conscien-
tiously to discharge his duties-2-to justify a vote of
this kind merely on party grounds- He could not
vote either upon one side or the oilier, although be
had always been a party man, like tlie gentleman
from Ohio. He could not vole as a partisan, or act
as a partisan, were he Speaker; for that partisan
spirit which actuated them in the heat of debate,
and in their usual business here, ought entirely to
be excluded from the human bosom when an'in-
dividual took that chair.
Mr W. remarked, in conclusion, that he bad
merely risen to vindicate tbcue who, on a former
occasion, had voted against a similar resolution,
which had been alluded to.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL observed that he should
not have said one word but for what bad fallen
from his particular friend and colleague, [Mr.
Brown,] who had first addressed the House.
Should he act as a private individual, actuated
only by feelings and griefs of a personal nature,
he might perhaps as bitterly and as heartily vote
against this resolution of thanks as any other mem-
ber of the House. When he first came here,
thirty years ago, he had been placed upon the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and he confessed he felt
not a little repugnance to find himself thrust down
by the present Speaker to the tail of that commit-
tee. And when he had attempted his maiden
speeeh on the floor of the present Congress, the
House would recollect how repeatedly and in how
overbearing a manner he had been called to order
by the Chair for irrelevancy; so often, indeed, that
had he not been rather a cool old gentleman, he
should have been quite overcome by it. But Mr.
I. entirely agreed with his colleague [Mr. Brown]
that he had here no right to vote as an individual;
he acted here as the representative of one hundred
thousand men, women, and children, and as
a member of the great American family. And
as to the charge upon the Speaker of having acted
as a parly man, did they not all belong to political
parties ot' some description? And did not his col-
league know that he was in a minority hert? And
were they bound to expect from the presiding offi-
cer—from any presiding- officer—under such cir-
cumstances, anything different from what they had
received? Mr. I. had been in that hall when one
of the most brilliant, powerful, and eloquent men
that this or any other country had ever produced
presided in that chair; and he had witnessed, at that
time, as at all other times had happened, both be-
fore and since, the selection of committees made
in part on political and party grounds. This was
to be looked for; and, unless the Speaker acled on
feelings of odious, open, and despicable partiality
in distributing the appointments of the Houre, the
members of the House were bound to vote in the
belief that he had done no more than to act in con-
formity to those free Democratic principles in
which they all lived, moved, and had their polit-
ical being as American citizens. Mr. I. was free
to confess that, daring the first session he had been
here, he had for a time-felt sore, and felt annoyed
by the course of the Chair in regard to him, and
considered himself as not without some reai-on to
complain, (though he never complained unless the
case was very hard indeed, for it never did any
good, or pro&red a man any respfc';) but, during
the last two sessions, he thought ihe course of the
Speaker had well entitled him to a vote of thanks
like that now proposed, and he should vote it most
cheerfully.
He would add that, in his judgment, we owed
something, we owed much, to the country; we
owed something, we owed much, to our own free
institutions; we owed something, too, and very
much, to history. He was not at liberty, because
he, as an individual, might suppose the composi-
tion of the committees of the House to be im-
proper or inexpedient, to refuse, on that account,
his vote of thanks to a presiding officer who had,
in the general, done his best to preserve impar-
tiality in administering the duties of the Chair;
and such he did, in his conscience, believe had
been the aim and endeavor of the present Speaker.
He had thought, during the last six weeks, that the
Speaker had been to blame for many things. For
example, Mr. I. had hardly been able to step into
the lobby, or even to move into various parts of
the House itself, without being interrupted by
"lobby members" and other persons. This he
presumed to be, at least in part, the fault of the
Speaker. But it was a part of their legislation
which every gentleman owed to every other gen-
tleman, to say for him, if it could with truth be
said, that he had discharged his public duty in an
impartial, fair, and dignified manner. And Mr. I.
would here say, that he felt entirely free to ac-
knowledge that, had he been placcd in that chair,
he doubted greatly whether he should have be-
haved as well, upon the whole, as this Speaker
had drfne. Mr. I. again observed, that he agreed
with his colleague [Mr. Brown] that it was their
duty, on occasions like these, to act and vote, not
for th?mselvei personally, but for their constitu-
ents—for their coudtry—for history, and not for
party in any form. Let bim ask the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and all others, what
had been the consequence of the withholding, by
this House, of a vote of thanks from Mr. Speaker
Polk? It had made him Governor of one of the
most respectable States of this Union. [A voice:
"Not at all—not in the least."] He could tell that
gentleman that he was mistaken; it had operated
greatly in producing that very result.
Mr. TURNEY here interposed, and remarked
that the House had not, in point of fact, withheld
its vote of thanks from Mr. Speaker Polk; neither
had the attempt to do so had any the least influ-
ence on the gubernatorial election in Tennessee.
Mr. INGERSOLL resumed. As to that, he had
not the honor of leing a citizen of that State, and
was not, therefore, as well entitled to speak as
the gentleman might be. But he had been about
to ask what were the feelings of the people in cases
of this kind? Did they sympathize with the per-
sonal resentments of members here? Members
themselves were, while within these walls, in the
very focus of most powerful passinns; they hated
one and loved another, and were often brim fall of
wrath and resentment; but themoment they stepped
without those doors, they got out of the charmed
circle in which they had thus been spell-bound,
and found that they were in a very different re-
gion. The people were always disposed to be
generous and forgiving, and they looked with but
little approbation on the cherishing of an opposite
spirit by gentlemen leaving these halls. For him-
self, he must in candor say, that while he bad
voted against most of those political measures
which Mr. Speaker White approved, and would
have preferred that they should not succeed, he
could not find it in his conscience or in his breast,
and as a duty he owed to patriotism and to the
country, to withhold his vote of thanks on such an
occasion; and though the yeas and nays should be
ordered, he must continue to act under this con-
viction, and record his name in favor of the reso-
lution.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania said that he did
not know that the refusal of his colleague, [Mr. C.
Brown,] who had first addressed the House, to
vote in favor of the pending resolution, would de-
tract anything from the honor which the Speaker
might receive from it? adoption. He was, indeed,
rather inclined to believe that his colleague's vote
in its favor would have been understood as casting
some degree of suspicion on the Sptaker's integri-
ty; ?.nd he suspected very much that that officer
would rather rejoice that he was without the vote
of a man who would refuse to vote a resolution
of common courtesy. Mr. C. said he had not
risen with any purpose of entering into a quarrel
with his colleague. What people was it that he
represented on this floor? The citizens ef Phila-
delphia, or a portion of them. And had his con-
stituency been treated unjustly or slightingly by the
Speaker in his appointment of the standing com-
mittees of that Hoase? Let gentlemen look at the
facts, and then the gentleman would find that his
vociferous accusations would not go very far
against recorded history. The Committee of Ways *
and Means had a member from Philadelphia placed
upon it; the Committee on Commerce had another
member from Philadelphia; the Committee on the
Judiciary had another gentleman from Philadel-
phia, and, at the first session of this Congress, had
had two; and yet the gentleman could get up here
and avail himself of a moment like this to obtrude
his private griefs, and pour out on that House the
bitterness of his gall. Mr. C. was informed that
his colleague had at one time been appointed a
member of the Committee on Commerce, but had
never once met the committee.
[Mr. Brown. At the extra session—it met but
once.]
Thus it appeared, not only that three of the most
weighty and important committees of the House
had each a member from the city of Philadelphia,
but his colleague himself w&s placed by the Speaker
on the Committee of Private Land Claims. This,
however, it seemed, was, in his estimation, a sta-
tion quite below his merits; he had besn most
unjustly and injuriously slighted, and so had his
constituents in his person, because the Speaker had
not placed him at Ihe head of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or of the Committee on Com-
merce. And now, at the closing moment of the
session, he was found moved by private griefs,
and what Mr. C. (to use no harsher epithet) would
call a vain ambition, to pursue a course which Mr.
C. would venture to predict was likely to prove
less an injury than a relief to him against whom
it was aimed. Mr. C. would appeal to ihe num-
ber of times his colleague had occupied the floor
during this Congress. What one member, even
on the most important committees of the House,
had oftener consumed its time? The gentleman
might probably have thrown great light upon its
deliberations; or, if he had thrown none at all,
(which might be the opinion of some,) Mr. C. at
any rate remembered to have read in the history
of Rome that the gabbling of a goose once saved
the capitol. [Laughter,] His colleague, it ap-
peared, was disposed to complain that he had been
placed upon what he esteemed too mean a commit-
tee for a person of his distinction—the Committee
on Private Land Claims; though at the head of
that commitiea was a gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Moore,] to act with whom would be no dis-
honor to one of far higher claims than his col-
.leaaue could pretend to.
Mr. BROWN, who bad several times attempted
to interpose, here obtained the floor for explana-
tion, and said that the whole of his colleague's
remarks were based upon what was not a fact.
Mr. B. wa%.not on that committee. Let the gen-
tleman confine himself to matter of fact, and not
proceed upon mere fiction.
Mr. COOPER, resuming, said he would verv
soon explain how the matter of fact stood. His
colleague had been placed upon that committee by
the Speaker, and his name had stood as a member
of it for eight months, during all which time Mr.
C, doubted if he had once been ptesentat any meet"
ing of the committee—certainly not half a dozen
times. [A voice: "Not once."] And because the
business of the committee had accumulated through
bis inattention, his name had been put off from
the roll of its members.
The CHAIR here called to order.
After some desultory remarks on the question of
order—
Mr. COOPER resumed, and said that he hoped,
when an attack like this, and at such an hoar, was
made upon the presiding officer of that House, he,
(Mr. C.,) who felt his State disgraced by the con-
duct of his colleague, might be permitted to state
what were the facts in reference to that gentleman,
as well as his colleague to state his allegations in
