CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
regard to the Speaker. Mr. C. repeated the asser-
tion, that this colleague of his, though a member
of a committee of much importance, and on whose
hands a vast amount of business was thrown, had
 ot attended the committee half a dozen times in
nine months, and that therefore 
Here Mr. C. was again called to order; when,
after a good deal of confusion, he said that he had
no desire to violate the order of the House, or to
proceed out of order; nor did he esteem it to be out
of order to state what was a fact—that his col-
league had been removed from the committee for
neglect and ineffieiency.
Here the confusion was greatly increased.
Mr. PAYNE called the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to order; and the point which he wished
to make was this: Was it in order for a member to
speak of another as having, by h;s conduct, dis-
graced his State?
Mr. C. BROWN hoped the gentleman from
Alabama would not press his point of order His
colleague was a disgrace to the House, and noihing
he could say could disgrace him below what he
was.
Mr. COOPER said that, as he considered the
subject not worth the controversy, he would resign
the floor, and resume his seat; which he did.
Mr. CUSHING said he took the floor in the hope
that a motion he proposed to make, before he re-
sumed his seat, might have the effect of putting an
end to this most unseasonable and very painful de-
bate. He was himself ready to vote this resolu-
tion; he should do so, viewing it as an act of cour-
tesy due to the Speaker of the House. They were
now approaching the end of a most agitated Con-
gress—a Congress involving the greatest amount of
intense political passion of any which had existed
in the entire history of our Government; and he
deeply regretted that in this, the closing hour,
when they were about to bid each other adieu—it
might be forever—instead of parting as friends, as
fellow legislators, as fellow-citizens of the republic,
and, he might say, as gentlemen—they were indul-
ging in these, the expiring moments of their politi-
cal existence, in a bitter and exasperated personal
debate.
If there was any man on that floor who had
cause to feel that, m the personal and party con-
tests which had marked the history of this body,
during both its present and its past session, injus-
tice had been done to him, Mr. C. was that man.
He felt it; he knew it; but he was ready to sacrifice
all recollection of persnsal umbrage.at ihe altar of
the common good, and of an affectionate desire for
the peace and honor of (hat Hodfee. It might be
that he was about to leave that floor but to enter on
a still more agitated theatre—to go back to the peo-
ple again upon questions which agitated the coun-
try as much as they did that House, if not more.
But he desired to leave that hall with feelings of
the kindest regard to every member, and, above all,
towards him who had occupied that chair. That
charity might be extended to himself, he desired
first to show charity towards others. He fully re-
alized for himself, and he called upon the House
to realize and to consider, under what, unspeakable
embarrassments, both political and personal, from
the division and subdivision of parties, the duties
of the Chair had been performed; and, in view of
this, if he, or it other gentlemen, should feel that,
on this or on that occasion, their prit'e of place
might not have been gratified by the Chair, he ap-
pealed to them, he appealed to himself, to cast from
them all such recollections, with all unkind feelings
which might be called up by them—so that they
might, in parting, press hand to hand, with nothing
hut emotions of mutual regard and good-will.
Under views like these, he should close the few
words he had ventured to present, by moving the
previous question.
•And, by ayes §9, noes 58,' the demand was sec-
onded.
And the tneiti question (i. e., on the adoption of
the resolution) was ordered to be taken.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WISE moved to be excused from votirg on
this occasion; and he did so, in part, that he might
obtain the opportunity of occupying a moment ia
vindicating him: elf from b charge whish bad gone
the rounds of the country, and which he availed
himself of the present opportunity to repel, once
and forever. He entertained the most kindly feel-
ings towards the Speaker of that House—a gentle-
man who had, on all occasions, treated Mr. W.
with the utmost urbanity, courtesy, and dcfeience,
and with whom he had received and reciprocated
the personal courtesies of life; and he now declared
here, before God and his country, that the'reasons
which induced him to ask to be excused from vo-
ting on the present resolution, were not reasons of
a personal nature. A slander had gone abroad,
wnich represented Mr. W.'s course here to have
sprung from a sense of disappointme nt in not hav-
ing been able to reach the high station which bad
been occupied by the Speaker rf that House—a
station to which there was none un'ir this Govern-
ment be should piefer. He wculd not affect to
say that he never had desired it: it was a station
fit to be the summit of ambition to any man whose
bosom was the seat of just and laudable aspira-
tions. But he did here solemnly declare, and with
as positive certainty as the infirmity of our nature
enabled any man to speak of the motives of his own
heart, 'hat in no one act of his public life had he
been actuated towards that gentleman by any sens?
of personal or political disappointment. The con-
trary, whether whispered secretly by the insidious
tongue of slanderous malignity, or openly bruited
through the columns of a corrupt and vena! press,
he here pronounced to be a falsehood. He left this
declaration to be remembered—yes, to be remem-
bered; and he was perfectly serious in his request
to be excused from voting.
- The question being put, the request of Mr. Wise
was not complied with.
This question was then taken, and the vote re-
sulted as follows: yeas 141, nays 17.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House take
up the treasury note bill, for the purpose of acting
upon an amendment from the Senate, on which a
Committee of Conference had made a report.
Mr. MER1V; ETHER called for the reading of
the report.
[Messages were received from the Senate and
the President.]
Mr. MERIWETHER rose to make an inquiry.
He wished to Lnow whether the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference provided that bonds should
be issued, in lieu of treasury notes, ana redeema-
ble in ten years.
The Clerk read the report of ihe Conference
Committee; but it was not intelligibly heard, above
the noise which universally prevailed.
Mr. MERIWETHER meved to lay the report
on the table. This motion was rejected.
The previous question was then sustained.
Mr. J. C. INGERSOLL asked for the yeas and
nays on concurring with the Conference Commit-
tee in their report. They were ordered.
The report of the Committee of Conferrnce was
concurred in—yeas S3, nays 73, as follows:
YEAS—Mesers. Atlanrs, Allen, LanclafiT W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J, Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard,
Uaiton, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Bowne, Briggs, Bronson,
Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, Thomas J. CamphellfCarv, Childs,
Chittenden. John V. Clark, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston,
Cravens, Cushiner, Richard 1). Davis, Dehprry, Everett,
Ferris, Fillmore, Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Gafes, Granger,
Gveen, IJall, Halted, Houck, Howard, Hudson, William W.
Irwin, William Cost Johnson, 3saac D. Joncp, Kfim, John P.
Kennedy, King, Lmn, Robert IVicOiHlan, McKennan, Thomas
F. Marshall. Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan, Mod is,
Morrow, Oliver, Oshorne, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randdil, A'tx. Randall, Randolph, Ridgvvay, R'^gs, Rodney,
William Russell, James M. Russell, Salton&'all, Sanford,
Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Sollers, Sprigg, Stanly, Siokely,
Stratum, Alex. II. H. Stuart. Summers, Bumrev, Tuiiaferro,
Tdlinghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Trumbull. Underwood, Van
Rensselaer, E D, White, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L,
Williams, Wmthrop, "iorfee, and John Young— 09.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Beesoti, BuMatk, A V Brown,
Mdton Brown, Chai lee Brown, Burke, P. C Caldwell, John
Campbell, WilliamB. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chapman,
Clinton, Coles, Cross, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Dtan, Doig,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode,
Graham, Gwm, Harris, Hastings, Iluy?, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubaid, Charles J. Irt^emdl, Cave Johnson, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Lan*--, Lewis, LutiefeM, Abiuhatu McCj. Ibn,
MoKeon, J T. Mnson, Malhmt, fffedul, Meriwether, Miller,
Moore, Owsley, Pavmentet, Payne, Piurrer, R<iyner, Read,
ReJmg,Rer)cher, Reynolds, Rogeis, Roosevelt. Sevvc.Il. S?haw,
William Smith, Snyder, Sieenrod, John T. Stuart, Jonn B.
Thompson, Richard W, Thompson, Tripl tt. Tiotti, Turney,
Welter? We&ibrook, and Christopher IX. WilUamt*—
A pile of enrolled bills were signed by the
Speaker.
Mr. FiLLMORE moved that the House act up-
on ihe report of the Conference Committee on
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRI-
ATION BILL.
The report was read. It recommends:
1st. That the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate, increasing
the pay of the prinkrs to the present Congress to
the rate? allowed by the joint resolution ofvl81-9V
2d. That ihe Senate recede from its araeAdment,
it,creasing the pay of T. Allen, and of Blair &
Rives, for printing the Compendium of the Sixth
Census. But the committee also recommends the
adoption of a clause, provid'rg that noihing con-
tained in this bill shall operate as a bar to the
claims of Alien and Blair & Rives, hereafter, for
the full amount of compensation for executing the
printing of the Compendium.
3d. That ihe House recedefrom its disagreement
to the Senate's amendment, by which the appro-
priation for the salaries of ihe Recorder and Solicit-
or of the General Land Office is retained.
4ih. That the House and Senate recede from the
several amounts named by them as the salaries of
travelling agents of the Post Office Department;
and that the sum of $1,250 be fixed as the annual
pay of tho?e officers.
Mr. FILLMtjRE explained the report, and
hoped it would be adopted. He moved the pre-
vious question; which was sustained.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON a ked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
A division of ihe question was called.
The question was therefore taken on the first rec-
ommendation of the Committee of Conference,
(the effect of which is to increase the pay of the
printers to Congress to the prices of 1819.)
This lecommendation of the committee was
agreed to—yeas 80, nays 78.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved a recon-
sideration of the vote just t=,ken.
Mr. BOTTS moved to lay the motion for recon-
sideration on tbe table; which motion was carried—
yas 93, nays CS.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS asked leave to offer a
resolution suspending the joint rule -in relation to
the military district bill.
And Mr. J, R. INGERSOLL made a similar mo-
tion as to the joint resolution in relation to weights
and measures.
Objection being made, the rules were suspended,
and tho resolution (under the operation of the pre-
vious question) was adopted.
On motion of Mr CUSHING, certain maps of
the Northeastern boundary weie ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GRAHAM asked the Houfe to take up the
bill in rei&tion to the preservation of live-oak
timber.
Mr. G. moved that the Committee of the Whole
on ihe state of ihe Union be discharged from the
consideration of said bill; which motion was
agreed to.
And the bill was read a ihird time and passed.
The rule was suspended to enable the bill to be
sent to ihe Senate.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky, remarking that
during his service as a member of this House he
had not asked a favor in behalf of himself and
his constituents, and making an urgent appeal in
behaif of the parties concerned, asked leave to
offer a resolution providing lhat the messengers
and attendants of the House should be paid the
same eomnensation as those of the Senate.
Mr, SMITH of Viigiiiia objected.
Mr. ANDREWS moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and
nays; which v/trc ordered, and being taken, result-
ed in j ear- 70, nays 77.
So the rules were not suspended.
APPROPRIATIONS, ORDINARY AND EX«
TEAQRDINARY.
Mr. BEESON offered the following resolution;on
