406
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
For contingent expenses of said Territory
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly of said Territory, pay"
of officers, printing, stationery, fuel, furniture,
postage, and all other incidental and miscellane-
ous objects ....
For compensation of the officers of Iowa Terri-
tory, viz:
For governor ....
For three jtdges .
For secretary ....
For contingent expenses of said Territory
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly of said Territory, pay
of officers, printing, stationery, fuel, furniture,
postage, candles, and all other incidental and
miscellaneous objects
For compensation of the officers of Florida Teiri-
tory, viz:
For governor
For five judges
For secretary
For contingent expenses of said Territory
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Council of said Teriuory, pay of
officers, stationery, fuel, printing, and all other
incidental and miscellaneous objects
JUDICIARY.
For the salaries of the Chief Justice and the asso-
ciate justices of the Supreme Couit, and the
judges of the several districts of the United
For the Attorney General of the United States, and
the clerk and messenger in his office
For contingent expenses of said office
For thesaiaries oi the chief justice ol the District
ofColuinbia, the associate judges, thojudges of
the criminal court and the orphans' courts of
said District
For the reporter of the decisions of the Supreme
Court, mcludingairears of eighteen hundred
and forty-two
For the salaries of the district attorneys of the sev
eral districts and Territories of the United
States, as prescribed by law
For the arrears of the salanes of the district attor-
neys of Maiyland and Massachusetts, fui the
year one thousand eight hundred ami forty-two
For the salanes of the maislmls of the seveial
districts and Territories of the United States,
as prescribed by law
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme, cir-
cuit, and district courts of the United States, in-
cluding the District of Columbia; also, for ju-
rois and witnesses, maid of the funds arising
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred
in the year eighteen hundred and lorty-four and
preceding years; and likewise lordeliaymg the
expenses of suits in which the United States
are concerned, and of prosecutions lor offences
committed against (he Xhiited Stales, and fur the
safekeeping of prisoners, including expenses
under the bankrupt taw
MISCELLANEOUS,
Annuities and grants:
To Josiah H.Webb
To Rachel Dohrman
To Elizabeth C. Peny
Forsurveyof the coastof the United States, in-
cluding compensation to superintendent and as-
sistants ....
For compensation of the two kecpeis of the public
archives in Florida
For expenses in relation to the relief ol ceitam in-
solvent debtors of the United States
For the support and maintenance ol the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia .
For repairing the cellar of the public store-house
in the city of Baltimore, in such manner as to
prevent the adinissiuu of water into the same -
Tor repairs of the custom-house at Mobile r
To make good a deficiency m the eighteen months
ending the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three, and estimated deficiency
in the year ending on the thntieth ol June,
eighteen hundred and forty-four, in the fund lor
the relief of sick and disabled seamen, as estab-
lished by the act of the third of May, eighteen
hundred and three
For paying the contractors under contiacts made
by the Governmentof the United States for com-
pleting the Boston custom-house
For repairing the custom house and post office
buildings at Charleston, South Carolina
For registers for ships and vessels, and lists of
crews, including cost of new dies and plates
For the payment of balances to officers of old in-
ternal rovenue and direct tax, (being part of the
amount carried to the surplus fund thirty-first
December, eighteen hundred and thirty eight) .
For payment to Joseph Russ and Stephen J Roach,
in fuil for labor bestowed and money expended
in xepauing or constructirg a road leading from
Pensacola to Tallahassee, in Florida, in pursu-
ance of a settlement of their account under the
act approved the seventeenth February, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, entitled
"An act fui the relief of Joseph Russ and Ste-
phen J. Roach"
For lighting Pennsylvania avenue . '
For the compensation of the captain and watchmen
for the city of Washington
For contingent expenses for fuel and light for said
watch .
For payment of the books ordered by the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives adopted on
the eighth of August, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-two
For expenses incurred prior to January first, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-three, for
350
17,275
2,500
5,400
1,200
350
20,175
2.500
9,500
1,500
330
27,125
93,900
5,500
500
11,700
1,350
8,450
400
7,200
373,000
50
300
400
100,000
1,000
2,000
5,000
4,000
5,000
25,000
50,000
5,000
4,000
3,661 CO
2,000
150
6,700
300
47,162 76
clerk hire, wages of porter, and stationery, of
the commissioners under the act of July seven,
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight,
"to remit duties on certain goods destroyed by
fire" .... 1,337 99
For the balance due to the late commercial agent
at St. Christopher's, for disbursements for the
relief and protection' of distressed American
seamen .... 5,866 08
For enabling the Secretary of the Treasury to pro-
cure the necessary manual for the several cus-
tom-houses, together with the necessary instru-
ments and apparatus to ascertain the relative
quantity of saccharine matter in the different
kinds of sugar, agreeably to the resolution of. m
the House of Representatives adopted on the
twenty first of July, one thousand eight hundred
and forty two " . . . 6,200
^or the balance due on the second volume of the
Documentary History of the American Revo-
lution .... 6,826
For the thiid volume of the Documentary History
of the Amer.can Revolution . . 27.650
For completing the indexing of the public docu-
ments connected with the office of the First
Comptroller and the office of the Secretary of
the Treasury . . 800
For paying balance of expenses in full for negotia-
ting the loans authorized by the acts of twenty
first July, eighteen hundred and forty-one, and
fifteenth April, eighteen hundred and foity-two 10,000
PATENT OFFICE.
For the purchase of such scientific books as are
necessary for the use of the Patent Office . 1.200
For the collection of agricultural statistics, and.
for other agricultural purposes . . 2,000
To defray the expenses of taking care ofand pre-
serving the botanical and horticultural speci-
mens brought home by the squadron of the ex-
ploring expedition, under the direction and
control of the Joint Committee on the Library . 1,200
For the removal of the statue of Washington
from its present position, and permanently pla-
cing the same on a proper pedestal, and cover-
ing it temporally in the enclosed and cultivated
public grounds east of the Capitol, directly in
front of the main entrance and steps of the east
front of the Capitol, as suggested in the report
of the Joint Committee on the Library, and m
the letter of Mr. Greenough, dated Februaiy
third, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
three, leferied to and reported by "'aid commit-
tee in connexion with the memorial of Horatio
Greenough, under the direction and supervision
of the said Greenough . . . 5,000
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
For supplying the light-houses, containing two
thousand sixhundied and seventy eight lamps,
with oil, tube glasses, wicks, huffskins, whiting,
and cotton cloth, transportation, and keeping ap-
paratus in order . . 105,190 30
To reimburse the Chamber of Commerce at Phila-
delphia the expense incurred by them in con-
tinuing the light on the breakwater near Cape
Ilenlopen .... 800
For repairs, refitting, and improvements of light-
houses, and buildings connected therewith . 99,871 42
For compensation of two hundred and thirty-six
keepers of light-houses, eighteen of them being
charged with double lights, and one with three 93,938 00
For compensation of thirty keepers of floating
lights .... ]6,C00
For seamen's wages, repairs, and supplies of
thirty floating lights . . . 00,420 84
For weighing, mooring, cleansing, repaiiing, and
supplying the loss of beacons, buoys, chains,
and sinkers .... 2i,6J3 64
For rebuilding the beacon at Clack Rock, Con-
necticut .... 10,000
For expenses of examining annually, and report-
ing the condition of light-houses . . 4,000
For superintendents' commissions, at two and one.
half perccnt . . . 10,250 85
For the completion of the repairs of the Potomac
bridge .... 3,500
SURVEYS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Foi completing the smvey of private land claims
m Alabama, and their connexion with the ad-
jicent public lands, at a late not exceeding eight
dollars per mile, bemg^n addition to the appro-
priation made for a similar object by the act of
April sixth, one thousand eight hundred and
thiuy-eight, and including a deficiency in the
existing appropriation of three thousand three
hundred ami seventeen dollars and sf venty-six
cents, to pay for woikalready completedandie-
turned ....
For completing the retracing of certain old sur-
veys m the State of Mississippi, at a rate not ex-
ceeding e.ght dollars per mile, m addition to the
unexpended balance of the appropriation of May
eighth, one thousand eight hundred and forty,
for the survey of private land claims, and con-
necting the same with the adjacent public lands
south of the 3lsvdegre3 of latitude, at the same
rate ....
For completing the surveys in Missouri, in the
towns named in the act of May twenty sixth,
one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, m
addition to the unexpended balance of the an*
propriation of March third, one thousand eight  
hundred and forty-one, forfe similar object, and
including office woik . . 4,000
For sui veying the public lands, in addition to the
unexpended balance of former appropuations,
to be apportioned to the several surveying dis-
tricts, according to the exigencies of the public
service , , , , $0,000
5,800
11,100
For the survey of small detached tracts, situate^
in Illinois and Missouri, principally in the mil-
itary district of Illinois, at a rate not exceeding
six dollars per mile, and including office work .
INTERCOURSE WITH FOREIGN NATIONS.
For salaries of the Ministers of the United States
to Great Britain, France. Russia, Prussia, Aus-
tria, Spain, Mexico'and Brazil
For salaries of the Secretaries of. Legation to the
same places
For salaries of the Charges des Affaires to Portu-
gal, D nmark, Sweden, Holland, Belgium. Chili,
Peru, Venezuela, New Grunada, Texas, Naples,
and Sardinia
For outfits of a Minister to France and of a
Charge d'Affaires to Denmark
For salaiy of the Minister resident to Turkey
For salary of a dragoman to the legation of Tur-
key ....
For compensation to a Commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands
For the contingent expsnsesof all the missions
abroad ....
For the contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course ....
For ihe salary of the Consul at London
For the salary ofa Consul atBeyrout.
For the relief and protection of American seamen
in foreign countries
For clerk-hire, office-rent, and other expeosesof
the office of the American Consul at London .
For the expenses of intercourse with the Bar-
bary Powers
For defraying the expenses attending the convey-
ance arid foi wauling, by land, and of the receipt
and delivery of mails, letters, and despatches at
and between Chagiesand Panama, including
the compensation of an pgent of the United
States at each of said places for the above pur-
poses ....
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For the services of the General Post Office for the
year commencing on the first day of July, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-three, in conformity to
the act of second July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six . . . .4
Viz: For the transportation of the mail. 3,195,000
For compensation of postmasters . 920,000
For ship, steamboat, and way letters. 22,000
For wrapping paper . . 18,000
For office furniture (for the offices of
postmasters). . . 7,000
For advertising . . 32,000
For mail bags . . . 18,000
For blanks . . . 30000
For mail locks, keya, and stamps . 9,000
For mail depredations and special
agents
Provided, That no special, or travel-
Jing, or post office agent shall receive
a higher compensation thau one thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars per
annum, and, in addition thereto, two
dollars per day for his travelling ex-
penses.
For clerks for offices (for the offices of
postmasters). . . 210,000
For miscellaneous . . 56,000
Provided, That the President and the
Postmaster General shall have the
same power to transfer funds from
one to another head of appropriation
of the foregoing appropriations-
made for the sei vice of the Geneial
Post Office—as the President and anv
other head of an Executive depart-
ment now have to transfer funds ap-
propriated under one head to the ser-
vice of another, in any other branch
of the public service.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For taking down the two old furnaces in the crypt
under the rotundo, and building two new ones,
cutting out the necessary flues, and doing other
work connected therewith, according to a propo-
sition of John Skirvmg, under date of February
first, eighteen hundred and forty-three
For consttuctmg two furnaces under each end of
the fit st story of the centre of the Capitol, for
warming the rooms and passages upon and
above said first story, including the Congress
Library room, according to the proposition of
John Skirvmg to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings .
For annua! repairs of the Capitol, attending fur-
naces aad water closets, lamp lighting, oil, la-
borers on the Capitol grounds, tools, keeping
iron pipes and wooden fences in order, attend-
ing at the estern gates, gardener's salaiy, and
top-dres=mg_for plants, for the eighteen months
ending thirtieth June, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-four
For annual repairs of the President's house, gar-
dener's salary, laborers, tools, and top diessing
for plants lot the eighteen months ending thirtt*
eth June, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
four
For the amount due for work and materials on the
Treasury building on the General Post Office,
and the bridge on Pennsylvania avenue
For iron railing and gates on the lower terrace of
the Treasury building, and tripods and lamps on
the blocking in front of the portico .
For tripods with lamps, for the blocking in front of
the General Post Office .
For repairing damage to iron pipes by freshet
For materials and work for bulk-head frames, and
doors, and windows, in the cellar of the Capitol,
3,000
72,000
16,000
54,000
13,500
0,000
2,500
3,000
20,000
30,000
2,000
500
50,000
2,800
15.000
1,000
545,000
7,973
11,231 50
3,734 25
7,004 44
3,700
200
723 51
221
