APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong—3d Sf.ss.
The B>itish Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
[We commence the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for this session of
Congress (the 3d and last of the 27th)
with the executive proceedings of the
Senate, at the last session, on the Brit-
ish treaty made between Mr. Webster
and Lord Asiibuuton.
Ratifications of the treaty were not
exchanged in time for lis to publish
the proceedings, correspondence, and
speeches thereon, in the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for the last session,
to which they properly belong.
The Journal of the Senate in secret
session, the correspondence in relation
to the treaty, and the treaty itself, are
contained in the first two numbers of
the Congressional Globe lor this ses-
sion.
All the speeches made in secret ses-
sion on the treaty, which have been, or
may be, written out by the Senatois,
will be published in the Appendix, and
will probably fill four or five numbers.
This number is occupied entirely by
Mr. Benton's against the treaty, which
is not concluded. It is expected that
his speecli will nearly fill the next num-
ber of the Appendix.
We shall print between four and five
thousand surplus copies of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, for the
purpose of furnishing complete copies
to all persons who may subscribe for
those works before the 1st of January,
1843.
This number of the Appendix will j!
be sent to some of our friends, with the j;
hope that they will obtain some sub-
scribers for us. The Congressional
Globe and Appendix are $1 each, for a
session. The extra matter, which we
intend to print in them this session, is
worth the money.—Editors Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix.]
BRITISH TREATY.
[secret session.]
SPEECH OF~MR. BENTON,
op missouri,
Jn Senate, Thursday, August 18, 1842—In opposi-
sition to the treaty.
Mr. BEMTONsaid : I speak against this treaty
not so much for the Senate as for the country. I
mean to publish my speech, and that with the full
illustrations and quotations which it is unneces-
sary to make here, where the documents are in
every Senator's hand, bnt which will be necessary
to the understanding of the subject by those who
have not access to the documents. I am opposed
to the treaty on many grounds; and first, because
it is not a settlement of all the questions m dispute
between the two countries. We were led to be-
lieve, on the arrival ol'the special minister, that he
came as a messenger of peace, and clothed with
full powers to settle everything; and believing
this, lus arrival was hailed with universal joy.
But here is a disappointment—a grenl disappoint-
ment. On receiving the treaty and the papers
which nconmpanv it, we find that all the subjects
in dispute have not been settled; that, in fact, only
three out of seven are settled; and that the minister
has returned to his country, leaving four of the
contested subiecls unadjusted. This is a disap-
pointment; and the greater, because the papers
communicated confirm the report that the minister
came with full powers to settle everything. The
very first note'of the American negotiator—and that
in ils very first sentence, confirms this belief, and
leaves us to wonder how a mission that promised
so much, has performed so little. Mr. Webster's
first note runs thus- "Lord Ashburton having been
charged by the Queen's Government with full
powers to negotiate and seule all matters in discus-
sion between the United Rta'es and England, and
having on liis arrival at Washington announced,"
&e , &c. Here is a declaration of full power lo
settle everything; and vet, after this, only part is
settled, and the minister has returned home. This
is unexpected, and inconsistent. It contradicts the
character of the mission, balks our hopes, and
frustrates our policv. As a confederacy of States,
our policy is to settle everything, or nothing; and
having received the minister for that purpose, this
complete and universal settlement, or nothing,
should have been the sine qua non of the American
negotiator.
From the message of the President which ac-
companies the treaty, we learn that the questions
in discussion between the two countries were' I.
The Northern boundary. 2. The right of search
in the African seas, and the suppression of the Af-
rican slave-trade. 3. The surrender of fugitives
from justice. 1. The title to the Columbia river.
5. Impressment. G. The attack on the Caroline.
7. riie case of the Creole, and of other American
vessels which had shared the same fate. These
are the subjects (seven in number) which the Pres-
ident enumerates, ami which he informs us occu-
pied the attention of the negotiators. lie does not
sav whether these were all the subjects which oc-
cupied their attention. He does not tell us whether
they discussed any others. Tie does not say wheth-
er the British negotiator opened the question of
the State debts, and their assumption or guaianty
by the Federal Government! or whether the Amer-
ican negotiator mentioned the point of the Cana-
dian asylum for fugitive'slaves (of which twelve
thousand have already gone there) seduced by the
honors and rewards which they receive, and by the
protection which is extended to them. The mcs-
sage is silent upon these further subjects of differ-
ence, if not of discussion, between the two coun-
tries; and, following the lead of the President and
confining ourselves (for the present) to the seven
subjects ot dispute named by him, and we find
three of them provided for in the treaty—four of
them not: and this constitutes a great objection to
the treaty—an objection which is aggravated by
the nature of the subjects settled, or not settled.
For it so happens that, of the subjects in discussion,
some were general, and affected the whole Union;
others were local, and affected sections. Of these
general subjects, those which Great Britain had
most at heart are provided for; those which most
concerned the United States are omitted: and of
the three sections of the Union which had each its
peculiar grievance, one section is quieted, and two
are left as they were. This gives Great Britain an;
advantage over us as a nation: it gives one section
of the Union an advantage over the two others,
secttonally. This is all wrong, unjust, unwise,
and impolitic. It is wrong to give a ioreign power
an advantage over us: it is wrong to give one sec-
tion of the Union an advantage over the others.
In their differences with foreign powers, the States
should be kept united: their peculiar grievances
should not be separately settled, so as to disunite
their several complaints. This is a view of the
objection winch commends itself most gravely to
the Senate. We are a confederacy of Slates,'and
a confederacy in which Slates classify themselves
sectionally, and in which each section has its local
feelings and its peculiar interests. We are classed
in thtee sections; and each of these sections had a
peculiar grievance against Great Britain; and here
is a treaty to adjust the grievances of one, and but
one, of these three sections. To all intents and
purposes, we have a separate treaty—a treaty be-
tween the Northern States and Great Britain; for
it is a treaty in which the .North is provided for,
and the South and West left out. Virtually, it is a
separate treaty with a part of the States; and this
forms a grave objection to it in my eyes.
Of the nine Northern States whose territories
are coterminous with the dominions of her Britan-
nic Majesty, six of them had questions of bounda-
ry, or of territory, to adjust: and all these are adjust-
ed. The twelve Southern slaveholding States had
a question in which they were all interested—that
of the protection and liberation of fugitive or crim-
inal slaves in Canada and the West Indies: this
great question finds no place in the treaty, and is
put off with phrases in an arranged correspond-
ence. The whole great West takes a deep inter-
est in the fate of the Columbia river, and demands
the withdrawal of the British from it: this large
subject finds no place m the treaty, nor even in the
correspondence which took place between the ne-
gotiators. The South and the West must go to
London with their complaints: the North has been
accommodated here. The mission of peace has
found its benevolence ciicumscribed by the metes
and boundanes of the sectional divisions in the
Union. The peaec-treaty is for one section: for
the other two sections there is no peace. The non-
slaveholding States coterminous with the British
dominions are pacificd and satisfied: the slavehold-
ing and the Western Slates, remote fiom the Brit-
ish dominions, are to suffer and complain as here-
tofore. As a ft iend to the Union—a friend to jus-
tice—and as an inhabitant of the section which is
both slaveholding and Western, I object to the
treaty which makes this injurious distinction
amongst the States.
This objection, great in itself, receives emphasis
from a cotemporaneous act of British legislation.
While diplomacy on this side the Atlantic was giving
a separate treaty to the Northern States, legislation,
on the other side of that sea was giving them a
separate trade. This results from the new corn law
just passed by the British Parliament, and the great
difference which is made in the rate of duties on
foreign and colonial products; and the admission of
