APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1842.
27th Con&* «3b Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
aity of a million of acres of good land in Michi-
fan. T.he indemnity was scouted. Nothing would
o but the true line!—the true line along the high-
lands !—and that by the 4th day of a certain July!
and if not peaceably, then by force! And in this
patriotic and warlike ebullition, the negotiator of
this treaty boiled hottest and longest; declaring
loudly that he would elap a musket upon his shoul-
der, and march straight to the northwest corner of
Nova Scotia himself, and there fight for the line of
'83. After all this, he signed this treaty; and the
process by which this revolution was effected in
Ms mind and spirit, so desirable to be known, re-
mains a profound secret for want of the protocols.
To soften the effect of this inexplicable sacri-
fice, the absurd pretext of sterile and poor land is
resorted to. These 893 square miles, surrendered
on this side the awarded line, are depreciated as
unfit for cultivation. If so, what does Great Brit-
aid want with it, except lor a purpose more valua-
ble than cultivation 1 Why is poor land more de-
sirable to her than to usf Why does she want
our poor land, (and the question of peace or war
depend upon her getting it,) unless it is for war
purposes, and to gain a military advantage over us1?
And here let me say, once for all, that it is but a
poor compliment to American intelligence to be
turning a question of national boundaries into a
question of cornfields. Every child knows that we
want mountains, rivers, roots, and deserts for the
former—level and rich land for the latter; and that
the'nation is a fool that thinks of acres and culti-
vation, when the question is one of boundaries and
dominion.
_ 3. The establishment oi the low-land boundary
in* place of the mountain boundary, and parallel
to it. This new line is 110 miles long. It is on
this side of the awarded line—not a continuation of
it, but a deflexion from it; and evidently contrived
for the purpose of weakening our boundary, and
retiring it further from Ctuebec. It will be called
in history the Webster line. It begins on the
awarded line, at a lake in the St. Francis river;
breaks off at right angles to the south, passes over
the valley of the St. John in a straight line, and
equidistant from that liver and the mountain, un-
til it reaches the northwest branch of the St. John,
when, approaching within forbidden distance of
duebec, it deflects to the east; and then holds on
its cours.e to the gorge in the mountain at the head
of Metjarmette creek. A view of the map will
show the character of this new line; the words of
the treaty show how cautiously it was guarded;
and the want of protocols hides iis paternity from
our view. The character of the line is apparent;
and it requires no military man, oi military woman,
or military child, to say to whose benefit it enuies.
A man of any sort—a woman of any kind—a child
of any age—can tell thai! It is a British line,
made for the security of Quebec. Follow its calls
on the map, and every eye will see this design.
These are the calls:
"Beginning at tho outlet of the I.akc 1'oheMgamook; thcncc,
southwesterly, in a straight line to a point on the norfhwei-t
branch of the river tSt. .John, which point shall be ten miles Oc-
tant !rom the main branch of the Si. John, iri a straight line,
andin the nearest direct ion; but if the said point shall bo found
to be lcb's than seven miles fiom the nearest poini of the Bum-
mit or crest of the highlands that divide those livers which
empty themselves into the river St. Lawrence from thosewhich
falf into the river St. John, then the saul point shall he made to
recede down the said northwest blanch ol the river St John,to
a point seven miles in a straight line from the said summit or
crest; thence, m a straight line, m a course about south ei^ht
degrees west, to the point where the paiallel of latitude of 'Jo
deg. 25 mm. north intersects the southwest branch of the St.
John; thence, southerly, by the said branch, to thesource there-
of in the highlands at the Metjarmette ponage "
4. The surrender of the mountain boundary be-
tween the United States and Great Britain on the
frontiers- of Maine. This is a distinct question
from the surrender of territory. The latter belong-
ed to Maine: the former to the United States. They
were national, and not State boundaries—establish-
ed by the war of the Revolution, and not by a State
law or an act of Congress; and involving all the
considerations which apply to the attack and de-
fence of nations. So far as a State boundary is co-
terminous with another State, it is a State question
and may be left to the discretion of the States in-
terest^; so far as it is coterminous with a foreign
power, it is a national question, and belongs to the
national authority. A State cannot be permitted
to weaken and endanger the nation by dismem-
bering herself in favor of a foreigner, by demol-
ishing a strong frontier, delivering the gates and
keys of a country into the hands of a neighboring
nation, and giving them roads and passes into the
country. The boundaries in question were na-
tional, not State; and the consent of Maine, even if
given, availed nothing. Her defence belongs to
the Uniqn; is to be made by the blood and treas-
ure of the Union ;■ and it was not for her, even if
she had been willing, to make this defence more
difficult, more costly, ai'd more bloody, by giving
up the strong, and substituting the weak line of
defence. Near three hundred miles of this strong
national frontier have been surrendered by this
treaty—being double as much as was given up by
the rejected award. The King of the Netherlands,
although on the list of British generals, and in the
pay of the British Crown, was a man of too much
honor to deprive us of the commanding mountain
frontier opposite to Quebec; and besides, Jackson
would have scouted the award if he had attempt-
ed it. The King only gave up the old line to the
north of the head of the St, Francis river; and for
llns he had some reason, as the mountain there
subsided into a plain, and the ridge of the high-
lands (in that part) was difficult to follow: our nego-
tiator gives up the boundary for one hundred and
fifty miles on this side the head of the St. Francis,
and without pretext; for the mountain ridge was there
three thousand feet high. The new part given up,
from the head of the St. Francis to Metjarmette
portage, is invaluable to Great Britain. It covets
her new road to Quebec, removes us further from
that city, places a mountain between us, and
brings her into Maine. To comprehend the value
of this new boundary to Great Britain, and its in-
jury to us, it is only necessary to i'ollow it on a map
—to see its form—know its height, the. depth of its
gorges, and its rough and rocky s des. The re-
port of Capt. Talcott will show its character—
three thousand feet high: any map will show its
Itirm. The gorge ai the head of the Metjai itiette
creek—a water of the St. Lawrence—is made the
termi'ims ad quern of the new conventional lowland
hue - beyond that gorge, the mountain harrier ts
yielded to Great Britain. Now, take up a map.
Begin at. the head of the Metjarmette creek, within
a degree andahalfof the New Hampshire line—fol-
low the mountain north—sec how it bears in up-
on Quebec—approaching within two marches of
that great city, and skirling the St. Lawrence for
some hundred miles. All ihis is given up. One
hundred and fifty miles of this boundary is given
upon this side the awarded line; and the country
left to gue^s and wonder at the enormity and fatuity
of the sacrifice.* Look at the new military road
from Halifax to Quebec--that part of it which ap-
proaches Quebec, and lies between the mountain
and the St. Lawrence. Even by the awarded line,
this road wasloiccd to cross the mountain at or
beyond the head ol the St. Francis, and then to fol-
low the base of the mountain for near one hundred
mile*, with all the disadvantages of ciossing Ihe
spurs and'gorges of the mountain, and the creeks and
ravines, and commanded in ils whole extent by the
power on the mountain. See how this is changed
by the new boundary! the road permitted to take
either side of the mountain—lo cioss where it
pleases—arid coveted and protected in its whole ex-
tent by the mountain heights, now exclusively Brit-
ish. Why this new way, and tins security "for the
road, unless lo give the British still greater advan-
tages over its than the awarded boundary gave?
A palliation is attempted for it. It is said that the
mountain is unfit for cultivation; that the line along
it could not be ascertained; and that Maine con-
sented. These are the palliations—insignificant if
true, but not true in their essential parts. And, first,
/ 'Mr. Featherstonhaugh, fonnerJy employed bv the British
Government in researches upon this boundary, ihus displays
tin* military importance ol die new boundarv, m a Lite speerh
in England*
u The treaty of 1783 piopoued to establish the boundary be-
tween lh  two countries along rpnain highlands The Amvn
cans claimed these htghi.-nds to inn in a northeshteiiy chiecuon
ll0iy1i Ju , 0{ lhe Connecticut river, hi a course which
would nave brought the boundaty wi:hm the distance o!* twenty
miles from the rivci St. Lawience, and which, besides rutting
v {l'e P°sle military mutes leadingfrom the province of
ISew Brunswick lo Quebec, would have given them various
military positions to command andovetawe that iiverand the
loitrcbs of Quebec.
"Now, gentlemen, if you will divert your attention for a
moment Irom the conflicting statement you may have read in
regard to the merits ot the compromise which has been made, I
will explain them to you in a few words. The American claim,
instead of being maintained, has been dltoseihrr withdrawn and
a lanuoned; the tei ntory has been divided into equal moietse*. '
as neaijy as possible; we have retained that moitty which se-
niles to us eveiy object that was essential lo die welfare of our
colonies; all our Communications, military and civil, ore for-
ever placed beyond hostile reach; ami all the military positions
cured forever to wlt^outexcePt!ur1'se" <
as to the poverty of the mountain, and the slip along
their base, constituting this area of 893 square miles
surrendered on this side the awarded line: Captain
Talcott certifies it to be poor, and unfit for cultiva-
tion. I say, so much the better for a frontier. As
to the height of the mountains, and the difficulty of
finding the dividing ridge, and the necessity of
adopting a conventional line: I say all this has no
application to the surrendered boundary on thisside
the awarded line at the head of the St. Francis. On
this side of that point, the mountain ridge is lofty,
the heights attain three thousand feet; and navi-
gable rivers rise in them, and flow to the east and
to the west—to the St. Lawrence and the Atlantic.
Hear Captain Talcott, in his letter to Mr Webster:
"The temioiy within the lines mentioned by you contains
eight hundred and mnety-threesquarc miles—equal to five hun-
died and seventy one thousand live bundled and twenty acres.
It isa longand nanow tract upon the mountains or highlands,
thedistance from Lake Polienacamook to the Merjarmette port,
age being one(hnndred anil ten miles. Tile territory is barren, and
without timber of value; and I should estimate that nineteen
parts out of twenty are unfit for cultivation. Along eighty
irnks ol this territory the highlands throw up into irregular em-
inences of different heights, and, though observing a general
noriheaet and southwest direction, are not brought well into
line, some of the&e elevations are over three thousand feet
atiwve the sea.
"The foi mation is primitive siliceous rook, with slate rest,
ing upon u around the basis. Between the eminences are mo-
lasses and swamps, throughout which beds of moss, of luxui i-
nnt growth, lest on and cover the rocksanil earth beneath. The
growth issttch as is usual in mountain regions on this conti-
nent in high latitudes. On some of the ridges and eminences
bnch and lnaple aie tound, on oiheis, spruce and fir; and in
the swamps, spruce mtei nnxed with cedar; but Ihe wood eve-
lywheie is insignificant, and of stinted growth It will leadiiy
be seen, therefuic, that for cultivation, or as capable ol Jurmsli
ing the means of human subsistence, tl.e lands aie of no value."
This letter was evidently obtained for the pur-
pose of depreciating the lost boundary, by showing
it lo be unfit for cultivation. The note ofthe Sec-
retary negotiator which drew it forth is not given,
but the answer of Captain Talcott shows ils char-
acter; and its date (that ofthe 14th of July) classes
it with the testimony which was hunted up to justi-
fy a foregone conclusion. The letter of Captain
Talcott is good for the Secretary's purpose, and
for a great deal more. It is good for the overthrow
of all the arguments on which the plea for a con-
ventional boundary stood. What was that plea"?
Simply, that the highlands in the neighborhood of
the northwest corner of Nova Scotia could not be
traced; and that it was necessary to substitute a
conventional line in their place. And it is the one
on which the aWard of the King of the Netherlands
turned, and was, to the extent ol apart oi hisaward,
a valid one. But it was no'reason for the Ameri-
can Secretary to give one hundred and fifty miles;
oi mountain line on thisside of the awarded line,
where the highlands attained three thousand feet of
elevation, and turned navigable rivers to the right
and left. Lord Ashbttrton, in his letter of the 13th
of June, commences with this idea: that the high-
lands described in the treaty could not be found,
and had been so admitted by American statesmen,
and quotes their declarations. He says:
_ "In the year 1S02, Mr. Madison, at that time Secretary of
Hune lor the United in his instructions to Mr. Ruius
Kmsr. observed that the difficulty m fixing the northwest angle
of Nova Scotia 'arises from a lcferencein the treaty of 1783to
highlands which, u is now found, have no dffinite existence.5
And he suggest.-? the appointment of a commifMon, to be jointly
appointed. • o detcirrnne on a pomt inr>£t proper to be substi-
tuted fir (he description m article II of the treaty of 1783-'
Again- Mr. President Jcffeuc.n, in a message to Congtesson the
17th of Octchei, 1803, stated that '<i further knowledge of the
ground in the northeastern and northwestern angles of the Uni-
ted States has evinced that the boundaries established by the
tieaty o/ Pans, between the Brhish territoncs arid ours, m
those points, were too impei fectly described lo be suscepti-
ble of execution.5"
Here it is very clear that it is not the line itself,
in its whole extent, between Canada and Maine,
that cannot be fixed for want of finding these high-
lands; but merely the northeastern corner, as deter-
mined bv the northwestern corner of Nova Scotia.
This idea, sufficiently clear in the few words quoted
from Mr. Madison, becomes still more so when we
refer to Ihe whole paragraph in his letter of June
8, 180*2, to Mr. Paifus King. In that paragraph he
says:
'In fixing the point at which the line is to terminate, (the
( the head of the St. <Jro x to the highlands
wnich divic.e the wcteis of the St Lawrence from ihose of the
Atlantic,) ana whichis refeired to a3 the northwest corner of
r !'toC01ia' ^ *^fficul!y auses from a reference of the treaty
ot l/t-3 to the hig/'lano's, which, n is now found, have no
definite exigence. To remove this difficulty, no better expedi-
ent occurs than to provide for ihe appointment of a third com.
ijii-fiotiei, as in article 5 of the iteaty of 170-1, and to authorize
tne thr-'e to determine on a point most pioper to be substituted
torthe description in the 2d amele ofthe treaty of 1783 having
due regard to the general idea that the line ought to termi-
nate on the elevated ground dividing the rivers falling into
