August, 1343.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong 3d
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
the Atlantic from those emptying themselves into the St.
Lawrence. The commissioners may also be authorized to
substitute fiT the description of the boundary between the
point so fixed, and the novihwesteirunosi head of the Connecti-
cut river, n unely. a line drawn along the said highlands;
such a refeience to intermediate sources of rivers, 01 Ktliei
ascertained or ascertainable points, lobe connected by straight
lines, as will admit of easy and accurate execution hereafter,
and as will best comport with the apparent intention of the
treaty of 1763."
Prom this full quotation of Mr. Madison's letter,
it is still more clear than in Lord Ashburton's
note—1. That the part at which the treaty could
not be executed, for want of finding highlands, was
the point to be constituted by the intersection of the
due-north line from the head of the St. Croix with
the line drawn along the highlands. 2. That this
point might be substituted by a conventional one
agreed upon by the three commissioners. 3. That
from this point, so agreed upon, the line was to go
to the highlands, and to follow them wherever they
could be ascertained, to the head of the Connecticut
river. This is the clear sense of Mr. Madison's
letter and Mr. Jefferson's message; and it is to be
very careless to confound this point (which they
admitted to be dubious, for want of highlands at
that place) with the line itself, which was to run
near 300 miles on the elevations of a mountain
reaching 3,000 feet high. The King of the Neth-
erlands look a great liberty with this point when
he brought it to the St. John river: our Secretary-
negotiator took' a far greater liberty with it when
he brought it to the head of the Metjarmette creek;
for it is only at the head of this creek that our line
under the new treaty begins to climb the highlands
The King of the Netherlands had some apology
for his conventional point and conventional line to
the head of the St. Francis—for the highlands were
sunk into table-land where the point ought to be,
and A'hich was the terminus a quo of his conven-
tional line but our negotiator had no apology at all
for turning this conventional line south, and ex-
tending it 110 miles through the level lands of
Maine, when the mountain highlands were all
along in sight to the west. Ii is impossible to plead
the difficulty ot finding the highlands for this sub-
stitution of the lowland boundary, in the whole dis-
tance from the head of the St. Francis, where the
King of the Netherlands fixed the commencement
of our mountain line, to the head of the Metjar-
jftette, where our Secietaiy fixed its commence-
ment. Lord Ashburton's quotation from Mr. Mad-
ison's letter is partial and incomplete: he quotes
what answers his purpose, and ■ is justifiable in so
doing. But what must we think ot our Secretary-
negotiator, who neglected to quote the remainder
of that letter, and show that it was a conventional
point, and not a conventional line, that Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Madison proposed1? and that this con-
ventional point was merely to fix the northwest
angle of Nova Scotia where, in fact, there were no
highlands, after which, the line was to proceed to
the elevated ground dividing the waters, &c.,
and then follow the highlands to the head of the
Connecticut"! Why did our Secretary omit this
correction of the British minister's quotation, and
thus enable him to use American names against usl
The concern of Maine is the next palliation for
thisgreat sacrifice; and here I have to repeatthat,
even if such consent had been given, it would sig-
nify nothing. The boundaries in question are not
State, but national: thev are not in the custody of
Maine, but of the whole Union But Majne did'not
consent. She was victimized, into conditional sub-
mission by the arts and argument1- ot the Secretary
negotiator! And here the strangest part of this
inexplicable negotiation opens it.-elf to our view.
The consent of Maine! What was that consent?
How obtained"? And how used"? She i< said to
have consented to this great dismemberment of her
territory; surrender of her natural boundaries;
the establishment of new boundaries within her old
andnatural limits; and the consolidation of the Brit-
ish military and naval power around her and with-
in her. To all tin's she is said to have assented;
and this is the short answer which is given for
the enormous sacrifices she has been made to suf-
fer. Did she consent"! No more than the victim
consents to its execution, because it walks, instead
of being dragged, to the scaffold! Isolated from
her sister States—from Massachusetts. New Hamp-
shire, Vermont, New York, and Michigan—all
of which were conciliated in favor of the treaty;
pressed upon by her own Government, which pre-
sented the British proposition, and urged its accept-
ance; informed her that nothing better could be ex-
pected; warned her that this might be the las; J
chance for settling the question by agreement; pre-
sented her as the sole obstacle to the peace and
happiness of two great nations:—thus isolated, urged,
and menaced, the Maine commissioners so far as-
sented as to agree to the sacrifice, upon condition
that the Senate of the United States, on mature
consideration, should advise and consent to the rati-
fication of the treaty. The whole question was refer-
red to our mature consideration: and yet, no sooner
was conditional consent and reference to us obtain-
ed, than the full and absolute consent of Maine was
heralded forth to forestal the public mind—to silence
Maine herself; and is now incontinently repeated on
this floor, to preclude our consideration of the sub-
ject. That 1 state this conditional consent cor-
rectly, I will show by presenting it to the Senate.
Afier stating that it was this, or nothing; that
Massachusetts had assented; that the General Gov-
ernment was anxious; that it was the last chance,
and so on,—the Maine commissioners proceed to
say:
"Thus situated, the commi^ionrib of Maine, invoking the
spirit of attachment nod p.miotic devotion of ili-n ?iaie 10 (he
IJninn, and bring willing to yield to thn. deliberate convic-
tions of her sister States 'is to the puth of riu-y audtomier
post; mi obs'dclt"- to rui rfdjusimeni w jch the general judg-
ment of the nation shall pionounce as honmahV <ti d expedient,
even U" that judgment shall lead to a amrender of .t poi uon of the
birtlii'ght ot the people of iht lr Sta'e, and pi izw<d 1>y diem be-
cause it is their hu'thfjuht —ha \ e mined to overcome ?h« n
objections to the fNoposai. so far as to&ay, that if upon ma-
ture consideration, Ike Senate, of the United Stales shad ad-
'Vise and cmstnt to th>' unification of a trea y, con e$ ponding
in its terms with your proposal .tnd wi'ii the conditions in
our rm-iiiouindinn accompanying tin® note, (marked a,) and
identified by out signatures they, hyvntue of he power vested
m I hem by ihe resolves of ihc Lepislatiue of M.line, «ive the as-
sent of iLrit State to such convention*! line, with, the terms, con*
diuons and equivalents horehi maution* d "
And this is her consent! Pressed by the Presi-
dent of the United States—pressed uv lhe Ameri-
can negotiatot—menaced—abandoned by her moth-
er State—isolated from other States—presented as
sole obstacle to the general peace—warned that it
was the last chance: thus situated, this devoted
State so far subdues herself as to say, through her
commissioners, that she submits to the sacrifice, if,
upon mature consideration, the Senate of the Uni-
ted States shall approve it. And no sootier is this
reluctant, painful, conditional assent to the decision
of the Senate obtained from Maine, than it is pro-
claimed as free and unqualified acquiescence ! and
the Senate,and the whole Union, aie reqtiiredtoap-
piove the treaty, because Maine had approved n!
This is ad ting insult to injuiy, and serving the
Senate but htile mote fairly than Maine herself
has been served The part which the Secretary
negotiator has acted in bringing things to this pass;
his arts and his arguments in vichniizing a State
which he should have defended; his wonderful
change since the rejection of the award—all these
belong to my general objections to the treaty, and
will be examined in another part of my speech.
At present, I limit myself to showing that Maine
did not consent to the wrong which was done to
her, and done to the United Slates; but made that
consent dependent and conditional on the judgment
of the Senate, after mature consideration.
I do not argue the question of title to the territory
and boundaries surrendered That work has been
done in the masterly report of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] and in the resolve
of the Seriate, unanimously adopted, which sanc-
tioned it. That report and that resolve were made
and adopted in the yeat 1838—:-even years after ihe
award of the King of the Neiherlands—and vindi-
cated our title to the whole extent of the disputed
territory. After this vindication, it is not for me
to argue the quesiion oi title. 1 Teirnt that task to
ablerand more appropriate hands—to the author of
the report of 1838. It will be for him to show the
clearness of our title under the treaty of 1783—how
it was admitted in Mr. Jay's tieaty of 17!M, m Mr.
Liston's coriespondence of 1798, m Mr. King's
treaty of 1803, in Mr. Monroe's tieaty of 1807, and
in the conferences at Ghent—where, after the late
war had shown the value of a military communi-
cation between Quebec and Halifax, a variation of
the line was solicited as a favor, by the British
commissioners, to establish that communication. It
will be for him also to show the progress of the
Biitish claim, from the solicited favor of a toad, to
the assettion of title to half the territory and all
the mountain frontier of Maine; and it will further
be tor himto show how he is deseitednow by those
who flood by him then, ft will be for lnm* to ex-
pose* the fatal Blunder at Ghent, in leaving our
question of title to the arbitration of a European
sovereign, instead of confiding the marking of the
line to three commissioners, as proposed in all the
previous treaties, and agreed to in several of them.
To him, also, it will belong to expose the contra-
diction between rejecting the award for adopting-
a conventional line, and giving- up part of the ter-
ritory of Maine; and now negotiating a treaty
which adopts two conventional lines, gives up all
that the award did, and more too, and a mountain
frontier hesides; and then pays money for Rouse's
Point, which came to us without money under
the award. It will be for him to do these things.
For what purposed some one will say. I answer,
for the purpose of vindicating our honor, our in-
telligence, and our good faith, in all this affair with
Great Britain; for the purpose of showing how we
are wronged in character and in rights by this
treaty; and for the purpose of preventing similar
wrongs and blunders in time to come. Maine may
be dismembered, and her boundaries lost, and a-
great military power established on three sides of
her; but the Columbia is yei to be saved 1 There
we have a repetition of the Northeastern comedy of
erroison our part, ami of groundless pi eiension on
the British part, growing up from a petition for
joint possession for fishing and hunting, to an as-
sertion of title and threat oi wat; this giound-
less pretension dignified into a claim by the lam-
entable blunder of the convention of London in
1818. We may save the Columbia by showing the
folly, or Worse, which has dismembered Maine.
Iproceed with the enumeration and considera-
tion of the American concessions io the British.
6. The navigation of the St. John within the
limits of the State of Maine. This results fiom
the new line—the Webster line—which brings the
British into the valley of the St. John, on the upper
part of that river, and this side of the awarded
line. The privilege of navigation is gran'ed to
the new neighbors which this line gives to Maine;
and may be considered as a set-off to the naviga-
tion granted below to the inhabitants of Maine
where the river is exclusively within the Biitish
dominions. It is navigation against navigation,
and deprives the privilege granted to Maine of the
benevolent and meritorious character claimed for
it. We grant as much navigation as we receive,
with ihe snperaddition of a territorial right of way
to the river where it is exclusively within our
limits, a right which is denied to us where the
river is wholly within the British limits.
7 The territorial right of way granted to these
new neighbors to cross the Webster line, and travel
over-land to the upper St. John, to enjoy their nav-
igation within the exclusive limits of Maine. Itis
a privilege of no mean value, being new in prin-
ciple, extensive in territoryKand not reciprocated
by a similar privilege to the inhabitants of Maine
on the lowei part of the river. On this lower part
the settlements of Maine skirt the St. John for
one hundred miles, often approaching within five
or ten miles of it. It would be very convenient to
these settlements to cross the British line, and go
straight to the river; but this advantage is denied
them. They must get to the river by water, of
which there is but one channel (the Aroostook;) or
they must enter above, where the river is a mutual
boundary, and from which they will have the exer-
cise of carrying round, or pitching their saw-logs
over, a, second Niagara falls, eighty feet in the per-
pendicular plunge. The British on the Webster
line are to have this privilege of over-land transit
to and from the river, where it is within the exclu-
sive dominion of Maine; and that, to the whole ex-
tent of the line—one hundred and ten miles. Re-
ciprocity would have required a similar privilege
to the Maine people below. .Not having received
it, this territorial right of wav becomes a gratui-
tous concession, as important for its principles and
consequences as for its novelty and inequality.
8. The .sum of $300,000 to be paid to Maine and
Massachusetts for their territorial losses under the
treaty. This is to be paid by the United States,
and is a concession most lamely and impotently
aecounted for bv the American negotiator. The
want of protocols deprives us of a knowledge of its
history. We only find it, for the first time, in its
full-grown form, in the letter of the Unifed States
negotiator of the 15th of July to the commissioners
of Maine, where it appears as an equivalent for
British concessions. Speaking of it in this sense,
our Secretary says:
'•Tht>e cfssionsj on the pail of En^las d would enure partly
to the benefit of the Stales of New H^mpshtrP, Vermont, am!
New York, but principally to'the United States. The consider-
ation cm the pari of England, for making ihems would be the
