APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1S4S.
27th Cong 3dSbss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
manner asreed upon for adjustingthe Eastern boundary. The
priceof th * cession, therefore, whatever it might be, would in
fairness belong 10 the two States interested in the manner of that
adjustment.
"Under the influence of these Considerations, I am authorized
to sayi that if the commissioners? of the two States assent,to the
line as described in theaccompaaying paper,the United States
will undertake to pay to these States the sum of two hundred
«nd fifty thousand dollars, [increased to three hundred thousand
'dollars,} to be divided between them in equal moieties; and, also,
to undertake for the settlement and payment of the expenses in-
curred by those States, for the maintenance of the civil posse;
also, jor a survey which it was found necessary to make }J
' This is the brief history of this strange item—ail
item strange in itself, and coming to us in a strange
■way. We find it in the proposition made by the
American negotiator, in the name of his Govern-
ment, to the commissioners of Maine: Lord Ash-
burton (for aught that is seen) having nothing to do
"with it. We find it as an American proposition; and
an inconceivable one it is. Maine and Massachu-
setts lose 3,207,800 acres of land! Great Britain
gets it! and the United States pay for it! How
make the United States paymaster in a case where
she was receiving nothing, and where she wa* los-
ing the invaluable national boundaries established
by the treaty of '83"! How do this? By what leger-
demain? The Secretary negotiator says it is for
-cessions on the part of England, which enure partly
to the benefit of New Hampshire, Vermont, and
New York, and partly to the United'States; and
also as a consideration on the part of Great Brit-
ain for adjusting the Northeastern boundary. Ad-
justment of boundary! What a delicate phrase for
the demolition of the great boundaries purchased
for us by the blood and treasure of the Revolution-
ary war! But the cessions enure partly to the ben-
efit of the United States; and thus, being- partly
benefited, she must pay all the money. But how
this benefit? What these cessions? and how entire
to the national benefit? What are they? Not Rouse's
Point; for that belongs to New York, and must be
purchased from that State if wanted by the United
States. But why pay Great Britain for Rouse's
Point? The award of the King of the Netherlands
^aveitto us without pay, and we would not have
it. It has been a derelict these twenty-five years,
neither the United Slates nor Great Britain touch-
ing it. Why this sudden value in the eyes of those
who repulsed it when given by the King of the
Netherlands? The same of ihe .slips in New
Hampshire and Vermont. They belong to those
States. Not an inch of their soil enures to the ben-
efit of the United States. It is not public land, but
State property, which they constitute; and wc have
nothing to do with them. Besides, they arc not
cessions. They are, and always have been, and
forever would be, the property of the States within
whose revolutionary boundaries they lie. Great
Britain would not receive them as a gift, much
less demand money for their sale. No, sir, no.
This mystification will not do. The United States
becomes paymaster in a case where she receives
nothing—where Great Britain gains—and where
Maine and Massachusetts lose. This is the short
and the long of the story: and the $300,000 is put
into the treaty to coerce Congress to pay it. If not
to coerce Congress, why put it there? It is an ugly
interposition of a foreign Government between the
Government of the Union and a couple of its mem-
bers; and if not put there for coercion, why is it put
there? The equal division of this money between
Maine and Massachusetts is another awkward cir-
cumstance: they divide equally while selling une-
qually. Massachusetts sells nothing but land which
•she wished to sell: Maine parts with land against
her will—parts withjurisdiction—parts with bound-
aries—parts with cherished and long defended ob-
jects—and parts from all with grief and shame,
and under the duresse of actual moral and menaced
physical force from two powerful Governments.
And, after all this,|she divides equally with Massa-
chusetts, who only sells what she wishes to sell, and
with the advantage of selling to a sovereign ready-
money purchaser in the mass,instead of doling out the
acres in driblets, and on credits, to privateindivid-
nals. One thing only is clear in this inexplicable
transaction; and that is, that Maine and the United
Slates are losers, and Massachusetts and Great
Britain gainers.
9. The sum of about $200,000 to be paid to
Massachusetts and Maine for their expenses in de-
lending the disputed territory against Great Brilain.
This is an article more strange than the other to
find a place in the treaty. If right to pay it, it
should have rested on the faith of Congress: if
wrong, it is made worse, by being put in a treaty
■with a foreign power. It is a dangerous practice
in confederacies to have foreign powers interposing
between the confederacy and its members Pay-
ments to States for expenditures in their proper de-
fence is a domestic concern, and a legislative ques-
tion. It belongs to our own authorities, and to the
legislative department of those authorities. If
these $200,000, thus stipulated to be paid to Maine
and Massachusetts were for military expenses,
properly incurred in their own defence through
the neglect or default of the General Government,
the question of reimbursement would still be one
of exclusive legislative consideration. It would
address itself to Congress. But it is not even a
question of that kind, but of police and surveying
expenses. The treaty says, vaguely, for protecting
the disputed territory, and making a survey thereof:
the correspondence explains this protection to be
for the maintenance of a civil posse, and for a sur-
vey neccssary to be made. Congress itself cannot
pay Slates for maintaining civil posses and making
surveys. It must be for defence against invasion
or insurrection. This is the Constitution; and the
treaty-making power is not above the Constitu-
tion, but subordinate to it. The supremacy of the
treaty is not over the Constitution,but over (he sub-
jects falling within the scope of that power. It is
for Congress to say whether a case has occurred to
authorize Maine and Massachusfetts to-be reim-
bursed for expenses incurred in resisting invasion.
The treaty-making power has nothing to do with it,
and i( is an invasion of the legislative power to put,
it into a treaty. In the light of a civil posse and a
survey, Congress itself cannot pay these $200,000.
The President, the Senate, and Glueen Viciotia
cannot extend our Constitution, or bind the Con-
gress to pass unconstitutional acts. The payment
of this sum for a civil posse and a suivey, unjusti-
fiable in itself, becomes aggravated by this uncon-
stitutional attempt to control and coerce Congress.
It was evidently put in for that purpose, and should
be struck from the treaty. It is a question for
legislation, and not for diplomacy; and Lord Ash-
burton evidently looks to this, in his ultimate note,
washing his hands of all these payments to Maine
and Massachusetts.
10. The naval alliance for the suppression of the
slave-trade. This alliance is a part of the treaty,
and evidently an indissoluble part of it. The mo-
tion to strike it out is to be resisted; and is already
resisted as a motion to destroy the treaty, to prevent
ils ratification by Great Britain, and as exposing
us to war with that power. All this is an admis-
sion that the treaty is a unit; that the alliance is a
part of it; and that this alliance cannot be refused
without exciting the resentment of Great Britain.
I do not discuss the meiitsof this alliance at pres-
ent; a proper time will be found for that discus-
sion when I come to the article which stipulates for
the naval co operation. At present, I only mention
it as one of the considerations which make up the
price which we pay for the treaty, as one of the
American concessions and equivalents, and there-
fore proper to be enumerated in the catalogue of
grants and sacrifices on our part. I shall move
lo strike it out, both as wrong in itself, and as being
in a wrong place, even if it was right.
11. The diplomatic alliance for remonslrances
With foreign Governments which still admit the
trade in African slaves. This is an undertaking
of the same character with the naval alliance,
subject to Ihe same remarks, as an American con-
sideration for making the treaty; and only men-
tioned now, for the sake of enumeration in the list
of our grants and equivalents. Its merits will be
discussed under the proper head.
12. The delivery of fugitive criminals. This
slipulation is another of the American concessions
in favor of Great Britain. The design of it is to
get hold of fugitive "rebels," from Canada, under the
pretextof getting hold of fugitives from justice. The
design is political, though cloaked with the name of
justice; and though equal in its term?, is unequal in its
operation. Fugitive American slaves will not be
given up; fugitive British subjects will be. Oar slaves
will still be enticed into Canada by the honors, the re-
wards, and theprotection which await them there;
and 1 only mention this fugitive stipulation now,
as one of our concessions to Great Britain, and
one to which late events in Canada have given great
importance. I will discuss it when I come to the 10th
article.
Such is the catalogue, and such the comparative
value of the grants and equivalents (as thev are
called by our negotiator) which are made by this
treaty. It is a long and heavy list on the part
of the United States—a short and a light one
on the part of Great Britain. So far as the Maine
boundary is concerned, I have no more to say; but
the other parts of the treaty—what it contains—what
it omits—ihe general objections to it—and the va-
rious questions which arise npon the correspond-
ence,—all these demand attention, and I proceed to
give it.
The suppression of the African slave-trade is the
secondsubject included in the treaty; and here the re-
gret renews itself at the absence of all the customary
lights upon the origin and progress of treaty stipula-
tions. No minutes of conference; no protocols; no
draughts or counterdraughls; no diplomatic notes;
not a word of any kind from one negotiator to the
other. Nothing in relation to the subject, in the
shape of negotiation, is communicated to us. Even
the section of the correspondence entitled "Svp-
pression of the slave-trade"—even this section pro-
fessedly devoted to the subject, contains not a syl-
lable upon it from the negotiators to each other,
or to their Governments; but opens and closes with
communications from American naval officers,
evidently extracted from them by the American
negotiator, to justify the forthcoming of precon-
ceived and foregone conclusions. Never since
the art of writing was invented could there have
been a treaty of such magnitude negotiated with
such total absence of necessary light upon the his-
tory of its formation. Lamentable as is this defect
of light upon the formation of the treaty generally,
it becomes particularly so at this point, where a
stipulation new, delicate, and embarrassing, has
been unexpectedly introduced, ancl falls upon us as
abruptly as if it fell from the clouds. In the ab-
sence of all appropriate information from the ne-
gotiators themselves, I am driven to glean among
the scanty paragraphs of the President's message,
and in the answers of the naval officers to the
Secretary's inquiries. Though silent as to the
origin and progress of the proposition for this
novel alliance, they still show the important par-
ticular of the motives which caused it. The Pres-
ident says:
"The treaty obligations subsiding between the two countries
for the sup[uet3?i(iM of the African slave trade, dml the com-
plaints mado to this Government within the. last three or four
years (many of them hut. too well founded) of the visitation^
seizure, and detention of American vessels on that coast, by
British, cruisers, could not but form a dchcate and highly im-
poitant part of the negotiations which have now been held.
"It is known that, in December last, a treaty was signed in
London, by the repies^ntatives of England, Fiance, Russia,
Prussia, and Austria, having Inr its professed object a strong-
arid united effort of the five"powers to put en end to the traffic.
This treaty was not officially communicated to the Govern*
ment of the United States, but us provisions and stipulations
are supposed to he accurately known to the public. Itis un-
derwood to be not yet ratified on the part of France.
''No applications iequest has been made to this Govern-
ment to become party to this treaty; but the course it might
take m regard 'o it. Iws excited no small degree of attention
and discussion m Europe, as the principle upon which it is
founded, aud the stipulation* which H contains, have caused
warm animadversions and great political excitement.
"In my message at the commencement oi the piesent session
of Congress, I endeavored to state the principles which this
Government suppoit* lespectwgr the right of search and the
immunity ot flags Desiious of maintaining those principles
fully, at ihe same time that existing obligations should be ful-
filled, I have thought it most consistent with the honor and dig-
nity nf the country, ihat it should execute its otcn laws, and
pcifoim its otcn obligations, by its own means and its own
•power. The examination or visitation of the merchant vessels
o( one nation, by the cruisers of aROther. for any purpose, ex-
cept those known and acknowledged by the law of nations, un-
<'er w'ldtt-vcr resuaimsor regulations it may take place, may
had to dangerous results ll in far better, by other means,
to supersede any supposed necessity, or any motive, for suck
examination or visit. Interfeience with a merchant vessel by
an armed ennser, is alwajs a delicate proceeding, apt to touch
the pomt ol national honor, as well as to affect the interests of
individuals. It has been thought, therefore, expedient, not only
in accordance with the stipulations of the treaty of Ghent, but
rit the same time a ^removing ail prefer I on the part of others
for violating the immunities of the American fagvpon the
sens, as they exist and arc df lined by the law of nations, to
rntcr into the articles new submitted lo the Senate."
The recitals in this paragraph are of moment-
ous importance. Thcv are conclusive to show
that the stipulations into which we have entered,
are the price which we have agreed to pay for the
privilege of going unsearched upon the coast of
Africa, and for the favor of not being officially re-
quired to join the quintuple alliance for the sup-
pression of the slave-trade. The two first para-
graphs are pregnant of these inferences: the con-
cluding sentences of the last paragraph are conclu-
sive of their truth. The first paragraph recites
the fact of Ihe seizure, detention, and visitation of
oui ships on the coast of Africa by British cruisers:
the second ambiguously refers to the five powers
alliance, and raises surmises of their designs, which
it does not satisfy: the concluding sentences of the
