August, 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Co;j*' ••••3d Sbss.
The British Treaty --Mr- Ben'on.
Senate.
last paragraph are sufficiently explicit in the declar-
ation that we join Great Britain lo avoid a junction
with the five powers' and that we search our-
selves, to avoid being searched by British cruisers!
Studiously ambiguous, and profuse of phrases to
deceive, while stinted of facts 10 inform, the mes-
sage still lets out enough to betray these hidden and
momentous meanings. The treaty has not been
officially communicated to our Government. But
may it not have been unofficially'? and if so, by
■whom"? for what purpose"? and what are its con-
tents? Instead of answering these pertinent in-
quiries, so naturally suggested by the declaration
of the non-official communication, the sentence ob-
liques off into the empty supposition that the con-
tents are well known to the public! Why tell us
this"? why tell us what the public knows? "We want
to know what the Government knows—how it ob-
tained its information—and what it is required to
do. Instead of that, it tells us of the public: and
then flies off to Prance,' and informs us what we
well knew before—that Fiance had not signed.
All this is foreign to the point. We want to know
what concerns ourselves—whether the five pow-
ers are occupied with our affairs—and whether
they have shown us their treaty—and for what pur-
pose? The message says: "'No application has
been made lo-the United States to become a party
to this quintuple alliance, but . . . but . . . but . . .
thecouise we may take is the subject of attention,
and discussion, and warmth, and excitement in Eu-
rope !" But what all this tends to, and what is re-
quired of us to allay this excitement, the message
does not say. Instead of satisfying the curiosity
which it excited as to the course of things in rela-
tion to us in Europe, it flies back to 1 his continent-
reverts to the Pi esident's message at the commence-
ment of the session—denies the right of search—
asserts the immunity ot fljgs—and then most omi-
nously declares that it is better to execute our own
laws, and perform our own obligations; and do this
by our own means, and by our own power. Why
this declaration? Were others about to execute
our laws, and perform our obligations, and to use
means and powers upon us, not our own? Was
this the state of the case? and, if so, why not tell
us? Why this paltering and equivocation, unless
to hide a damned conclusion whii.li must be suf-
fered, but cannot be told? The next sentence, how-
ever, approaches the point. ''It is better to super-
sede the motive and supposed necessity for this
delicate and dangerous search." And, finally, in
the last words of the last sentence, the fatal secret is
let out—that the articles now before the Senate
were enteiedinto for the purpose ot "removing all
pretext on the part of others for violating the im-
munities of the American flag in the African
seas!" This is the secret; and itfter this, it stands
confessed that our naval and diplomatic alliance
with Great Britain is the price which we pay for
five yeais' exemption (rotn search, and for th® fa-
vor of not being rnaue a party to the quintuple al-
liance. The alliance with Great Biilain is a sub-
stitute for these penalties: and a more ignomin-
ious purchase of exemption from outrage never dis-
graced the annals of an independent nation.
We will now see what is the price we have con-
tracted to pay for these exemptions; and for that
purpose I read the 8th and 9th articles of the
treaty:
11 Article viii The. panics mutually stipulate that each
shall prepare, equip, and maintain pi service, on the. coa^.i of
Africa, a sufficient ami adeqir-ue squadi-m, or naval force of
vessels, of suitable numbers and c- ■>' ri . lo carry matt
not less than - igllty guns, to enmice sepaiately ami respective-
ly the laws, rights, and obligations ot each of 'he two count! les,
for the soppiesslon of the slave trade; the said squadrons 'o bo
independent of each other, hut the two Govern merits stipuiat'ng,
neveitheless, to give such oidersto the officers commanding
their respective forces, as shall enable thein in st elfectuaily to
act in concert and co operation, upon inuioat conetihaoon, as
exigencies may arise, for the attainmeutt.f the true object ot
this article; copies of all such orcfeis to bo cjimuuni' atcd by
eacfi Government to the other respectively.
"Article IX. Whereas, notwithstanding all efforts which
may be made on the coast of Afnc.t for suppressing of
the" slave trade, the -anilities for canyu^ on the nalilc,
and avoiding the Viirllnoce of cruisers by the fraudulent
use of flaffs, and other means, are «o sieat. and the icmpta-
lions lor pursuing it, while a rnaikcf can be found for slaves,
so strong, as that'the -es'red result may he long delayed, tin
less ail mat ke  be shut alMost the purchase of African ne-
groes; the parties to this tieaty agiee that they will unite in
all becoming lepresematinns and iemon>trauoes w.th any and
ali powers within wiiose dominions such markets aie allowed
to exist; and that they will ttr^e upon all sucii poweis ihe
propriety and duty of cioung such maikeis effectually at once
arid forever."
This is the price! naval and diplomatic alliance
with Great Britain! And the eleventh article stipu-
lates that the naval alliance is to continue for five
years, and afterwards until one of the parties shall
give notice for itt> cessation. Of course, Great
Britain will never give the notice. Of course, also,
the American Administration which makes it, will
never give the nolice. The alliance is eternal,
unless we break down the party which made it.
And this is the course of all revolting and danger-
ous innovations. It is as temporary measures they
are introduced. They are continued impercepti-
bly; and finally made permanent, and fastened'
irrevocably upon the country. This will be the
case with this alliance, unless the elections of 1844
relieve us from the dominion of the party now in
power. And now let us see the extent of the
obligations we have incurred to purchase this ex-
emption from jsenrch, and to be excused from
signing the quintuple treaty. They are: First, to
prepare, equip, and maintain in service on the
coast of Africa, a squadron of " al least" eighty
guns, to cooperate with a British squadron in sup-
pressing the slave trade. Secondly, to unite with
Great" Britain in diplomatic remonstrances and rep-
resentations against the purchase of African ne-
groes, with all the powers which still admit such
purchases, and urging them to cease the practice,
and to close the door against such purchases at
once and forever. These are the obligations; and
it is seen at once that they constitute an alliance—
a ^double alliance—between the United States and
Great Britain. The first sensation of an Ameri-
can in discovering this ominous conjunction, is
that of astonishment, indignation, and shame. The
farewell wotds of Washington rush to the mind.
He warned us against entangling ourselves in
foreign alliance: and here we are deeply entangled,
and that with the very nation which, of all the
others in the world, is the most to be dreaded.
The consequences of this entanglement aie be-
yond the reach of human foresight, or of menial
divination. It is the commencement of involving
our America, and with it the whole New World,
in the systems and vortex of European politic?.
We begin with going to Afiica to join Great Brit-
ain, Russia, Prussia, and Austria, (for France de-
clines the favur,) in redressing the grievances of
the Old World; after that, it is a natural step for
these great powers to come over here to redress
the wrongs of the New World. If this fatal policy
is suffered to continue; if we go on to mix our-
selves in the affairs of Europe; if we quit our own,
to stand upon foreign ground; if we hitch our cock-
boat to the grand navies of Europe, and tie on our
liftie ministeisbehind the gorgeous representatives
of mighty monarchs;—if we do this, then it is in
vain that Providence isolated us, and that Wash-
ington warned us. We are doomed to foreign
connexions, and to foreign interference; and may
expect to see the affairs of the two Americas,
from Baffin's Bay to Cape Horn, regulated by ihe
sovereign congresses of Vienna, St. Petersburg,
and London; and the fieefs and armies of Europe
sent here to enforce their dccrees.
Passing from the political consequences of this
entanglement—consequences which no human fore-
sight can reach—I come to the immediate and
practic-il effects which lie within our view, and
which display the enormous inexpediency of the
measure. First: the expense in money—an item
which would seem to be entitled to some regard in
the present deplorable state of the treasury—in
the present cry for retrenchment—and in the pres-
ent heavy taxation upon the comforts and neces-
saries ot life. This expense for 80 guns will be
about $750,000 per annum, exclusive of repairs
and loss of lives. I speak of the whole expense,
as part of the naval establishment of the Uniied
States, and not of the mere expense of working
the ships after they have gone to sea. Nine thou-
sand dollars per gun is about the expense of the'
establishment; 80 guns would be $720,000 per an-
num, which is S3,600,000 for five years. But the
squadron is not limited to a maximum of 80 guns;
that is the minimum limit, it is to be 80 guns "at
the least." And if the party which granted these
GO .shall continue in power, Great Britain may find
it as easy to double the number, as it was'to obtain
the first eighty. Nor is the time limited lo five
year«; it is only determinable after that period by
giving noliee; a notice not lo be expected from
those who made the treaty. At the least, Ihpn, the
moneyed expense is lo be $'3,600,000; if the present
party continues in power, it may double or treble
that amount; and this, besides the cost of the ships.
Such is the moneyed expense. In ships, the wear
and tear of vessels must be great. We are to pre-
pare, equip, and maintain in service, on a coast
4,000 mile^ from home, the adequate number of
vessels to carry these 80 guns. It is not sufficient
to sendihe number there; they must be kept up and
maintained in service there; and this will-require
constant expenses to repair injuries, supply losses,
and cover casualties. In the employment of men,
and the waste of life and heallh, the expenditure
must be large. Ten men and two officers to the'
gun, is the smallest estimate that can be admitted.
This would require a complement of 950 men. In-
cluding all the necessary equipage of the ship, and
above 1,000 persons will be constantly required.
These are to be employed at a vast distance from
home; on a savage coast; in a perilous service; on
both sides of the equator; and in a climate which
is death to the white race. This waste of men—
this weak and tear of life and constitution—should
stand for something in a Christian land, and in this
age of roaming philanthropy; unless,, indeed, in
excess of love for the blacks, it is deemed merito-
rious to destroy the whites. The field of operations
for this squadron is great; the term "coast of Afri-
ca" having an immense application in the vocabu-
lary of the slave-trade. On the western coast of
Africa, according to the replies of the naval offi-
cers Bell and Paine, the trade is carried on from
Senegal to Cape Frio—a distance of 3,000 miles,
following its windings, as the watching squadrons
would have to go. But the track of the slavers be-
tween Africa and America has to be watched, as
well as the immediate coast; and this embraces a
space in (lie ocean of 35 degrees on each side of
the equator, (say four thousand miles,) and
covering the American coast fiorn Cuba to Kio
Janeiro; so that the coast of Africa—the west-
ern coast alone—embraces a diagram of the
ocean of near -1,000 miles every way, having
the equator in the centre, and bounded east and
west by the New and the Old World. This is for
the western coast only: the eastern is nearly as
large. The same naval officers say that a large
trade in negroes is carried on in the Mahometan
countries bordering on the Red sea and the Persian
gulf, and in the Portuguese East India colonies;
and, what is worthy to be told, it is also carried on
in the British piesidency of Bombay, and other
British Asiatic possessions. It is true, the officers
say the American slavers are not yet there; but go
there thev will, according lo all the laws of trading
and hunting, the moment they are disturbed, or the
trade fails, on the western coast. Wherever the
trade exists, the combined poweis must follow it:
for good is not lo be done by halves, and philan-
thropy is not to be circumscribed by coasts and lati-
tudes. Great is the field of enterprise which pre-
sents itself to the British-American squadrons;
great, also, is the field of labor for their diplomatic
remonstrants. Spain, Portugal, Brazil; Cuba, Porto
Rico, and other American islands; the Mahometan,
Portuguese, and British possessions in southern
Asia;—all the^e will require the presence of the An-
glo-American embassies. Great will be the expense
of these embassies; for the ambassadors must not
only be paid, but go loaded with costly presents
when baibaiians are to be treated with. And here
the treating i,s to be double—with the savage negro
chiefs who tolerate the sale, and with Christian or
Mahometan kings who tolerate the purchase. Even
if no unlucky consequence supervenes, the expense
of these embassies must still be great; but if our
ministers chance to be assassinated by the negro
chief, or insulted by the Christian or Mahometan
king—what then? Shall we resent the injury, at a
good loss of men and money? or shall we count the
cost, and pocket the outrage? What if the Empe-
ror of Brazil, boy as he is; or the Glueen of Spain,
child as she is; or the Queen of Portugal, lady as
she is, should give our minister advice to return
home and free his own country from slaves before
he went about to close the markets of the world
against them? Tine, there is a difference between
purchasing, and the purchased. The intellect can
detect the difference. But still it is a case for a
sarcasm, and lor an insult; and the American min-
ister who should go upon these expeditions should
look out for answers very different from what may
be given to the representative of Great Britain,
She, having liberated her own slaves, may stand
up and speak. But how will it be with the Ameri-
can minister, when he commences rchearsing-ftis
remonstrance? This business of remonstrating is
a delicate operation between individuals; more so
when a sovereign is in the case; and becomes ex-
