10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August, 1842.
27th Gosg-*>*3d Sxss.
The. British Treaty—Mr. Ben'on.
Senate.
ceedingly critical when the remonstrant is about in
the condition himself which he attacks in others.
Among all the strange features in the comedy of
errors which has ended in this treaty, that of send-
ing American ministers abroad, to close the markets
of -the world against the slave-trade, is tne most
striking. Not content wiih the expenses, loss of
life, and political entanglement of this alliance, wc
must electioneer for insults, and send ministers
abroad to receive, pocket, and bring them home.
In what circumstances do we undertake all this
fine workl What is our condition at home, while
thus going abroad in search of employment'! We
raise 1,000 men for foreign service, while reducing
our little army at home! We send ships to the
coast of Africa, while dismounting our dragoons
on the frontiers of Missouri and Arkansas! We
protect Africa from slave-dealers, and abandon
Florida to savage butchery! We send cannon,
shot, shells, powder, lead, bombs, and balls, to Af-
rica, jvhile denying arms and ammunition to the
young men who go lo Florida ! We give food,
clothes, pay, to the men who go to All ica, and deny
rations even lo those who go to Florida ! We cry
out for retrenchment, and scatter 33,000,000 at one
broad cast of the. hand! We tax tea and cotlee,
and send the money to Africa! We are borrowing
and taxing, and striking paper money, and reducing
expenses at home, when engaging in this new and
vast expense for the < elenee of Africa! What
madness and Hilly1 Has Don Quixotic come to
life, and placed himself at the head ol'om Govern-
ment, and taken the negroes ol Africa, instead of
the damsels of Spain, for the objects ol Lis chival-
rous protection'!
The slave-trade is diabolical and infamous, but
Great Britain is not the country tu read us a lesson
upon its atrocity, or lo stimulate our exertions- io
suppress it. The nation which, at ihe peare of
Utrecht, made the a\ientv—the slave contract—a
condition of peace, lighting on till she obtained it,
the nation which entailed African slavery upon us
—which rejected our colonial statutes for iis sup-
pression*—which has many, many ten millions of
white subjects in Europe and m Asia m greati r
slavery of body and mind, in more bodily misery
and mental darkness, than any black slaves in the
United Slates;—1such anaiiuii lias no right lo enjo'e
or lo dragoon us iiuo alliances and expenses for th"
suppression id'slavery on the eoasl of Africa. We
have done oar part oa that subject. Considering
the example and instruction we had fiom Great
Britain, we have done a wonderlul |«ul. The Con-
stitution of the Kmied Stales, mainlv made by
slavelioldmg stales, autiioii/ud Coh^iess loput an
end to the importation ol slaves by a given day.
Anticipating the limited day by legislalive action,
the Congiess had the law ready io take ejfeet on
the day pet milled by the Constiiinion. On ihe tsi
day of January, IH08, Thomas .lelfeison hems
President of the United State-, the importation ol'
hlaves became, unlawful and criminal. A sub-se-
quent act of Congress, lollowitig up the ideaot Mr.
Jefferson in his lii.a draught ol the Declaration of
Independence, qualified ihe i ume as pir.ilieal, and
delivered np its pursuers to the swoid of the law,
and to the vengeance of the woi Id, as the enemies of
the human race. Vessels ofwai cruising on the
coast of Africa, undei oir act of irtio, have been di-
rected to search our own \ossHs--u> anest (lie
violators of ihclau, and bring lliem in--ihe ships
for confiscation, and the mui lor punishment. This
was doing enough- enough lor a young country, far
remote in the New Woild, and whose policy is lo
avoid forcjga connexions and cnUingling alliances
Wc did this voluntarily, with uu instigation, and
without supervision front 'broad; and now there
can be no necessity for Great Hi ham to assume a
superiority over its in this particular, and hind tis
"lie has wlged r.tui.! w;n .e;rnmu imm.ui ri.il n re ns< if, vie
latins its most bjf ied riytus ol lite d:i>\ libenv in oh; p.-isciis < i
a distant peoplo who never <■fterni.il him, i-dptivuuc^ anil i u
rvnig tlc.nl into slavery in amjthpi' IteniNpheie m to incur
miserable d'-alh in their tianspert.ition thither. This pnattufl
warlare—'he upprobnnm of infidel pov.ei.s— i^j tlic wai 1,-rt ot
the Christian kn-g of filial Hruani, rletermt ■:<] to keep open a
market where m en should be bought aiitl sold. He has prosti-
tuted his negauve for uuppres-sios' eveiy tesrislative attempt to
prohibit or restrain tin- execiabie Ctimmeieo; an*!, that ihia
Bemhtsge of horrors inisht want no 1'act ol disunsutshed die, hr
js now exciting the very people to rite in arm-s anions cs, end
to f urrha-se thai tibeoy of whion he h.in ilep.ned them. by
rnnr leimK the ps-opV-on whom lie ics obirn.ieii liiem: lln-
Jiayitig otr Inrmer euoics (O'otnltied aiMm;,! ti.e lib-rlm of
one people, v/ith crimes winch ho nn-e.: thi'iri to comma cteampt
the lives of another ( Original draught r.f the Dcc'aralton
of Independence, as drawn by Mr. Jefferson, and before it
was altered by the committee ]
in treaty stipulations, which destroy all the merit ol
a voluntary action. We have done enough; and it
is no part of our business to exalt still higher the
fanatical spirit of abolition, which io now become
the stalking-horse of nations and of political pow-
ers. Our country contains many flaves, derived
from Africa; and, while holding these, it is neither
politic nor decent to join the crusade of European
powers to put down the African slave-trade, trora
combinations of powers against the present slave-
takers, there is but a step to the combination of the
same powers against the present slaveholders; apd
it is not for the United States to join in the first
movement, which leads to the second. "No en-
tangling alliances" should be her motto 1 And as
for her part in preventing the foreign slave-trade,
it is sufficient that she prevents her own citizens,
in her own way, from engaging in it; and that she
takes care to beeomeneither the instrument, nor the
victim, of Eutopean combinations for its suppres-
sion.
The past administrations have been careful to
save us from the entanglement of these connex-
ions they have been as careful to save us from
these dangerous connexions, as the English have
been anxious to involve us in them. Mr. Van
Buren rejected, as '■unauthorised by instructions,
find contrary to the e^tahlhJicd and ir< U-known prin-
ciples and policy of the Government," Ihe arrange-
ment made by the commander of the United States
schooner Grampus with the commander of her
Britannic Majestv's sloop the Wolverine, on the
lltb of March, 18-10, authorizing the British com-
mander "to detain all vessels under American
colors found to be fully equipped for ami engaged
in the slave-lrade, handing ovei to the American
commander the vessels found to be American."
Mr. Van Buicn rejected this ainingeinent (the
seminal principle ol the present treaty) as contrary
to the PRINCIPLES and ihe POLICY of the
Government; and now this treaty comes to carry
out on a great scale, what he wisely condemned on
a small one.
The papers communicated do not show at whose
instance these aiiieles were inserted; and the ab-
sence of all minutes of eonfeiences leaves us at a
loss to trace their origin and progress in the hands
id Ihe negotiators. The little that is seen would
indicate its origin to he wholly American; evidence
/il/nii-ih■ plover ii to be wholly British, and thai our
Societal v negotiator was oi.ly doing the work of
the Rnttsh minister in assuming the ostensible
paternity of ihe atlieles In tin1 ptipers communi-
cated, iheie is not a sellable upon the subject from
Lord Ashbuiton. Mis linger is not seen in the
ad'.iir. Mr Webster appeals as sole mover and
conductor of the propo-nion. In Ins letter of Ihe
.'itHii ot April to Caplains Bell and Paine of the
United States tiavv. he fust apptoaches the sub-
jci 1, and opens il with a sei :es of questions oil ihe
African slave-trade. Tin's diaws foith the an-
swers which I have already shown. This is the
commenuemen! of the business. And here we are
struck Willi the curious fact, that this letter ot in-
quiry, laying the foundation for a novel and e.xlta-
oidintii'v article in the treaty, bears date -11 days
before the first wiuten communication from Ihe
Biiti-li lo the American negotiator' and -17 days
befoie I he 111 st \vi itteu cuimmm ication fiom Mr.
Webster lo J.ord Ashbuiton! Il would seem that
much was done bv word of mote It belbt c pen \tas
ptit to paper; and tint in this most essential part of
the negotiations, pen was not put to papet at all,
from one negotiator lo the olher, throughout the
whole a flair. Lord Ashbuilon's name is never
found in connexion wi:h the subject Mr. Web-
ster's only in the noies of inquiry to the American
naval officers. Even in these he docs not mention
the treaty, nor allude lo the negotiation, nor indi-
cate the purpose for which information was sought!
So that this most extraordinary attiele is without
a clew to its history, and stands in Ihe tieaty as if
it had fallen from the clouds, and chanced io lodge
there! Even the President's message, iwhich un-
dertakes to account for the article, and to justify it,
is silent on the point, though laboring through a mass
of ambiguities and obscurities, evidently calculated
io taise the inference that it originated with us.
From the papers communicated, if is, an American
proportion, of which Ihe British negotiator knew■
nothinguntil he signed the treaty. Tliat is the first
place where his name is seen in conjunction with
il, or seen in a place to authorize the belief that he
knew of it. Yet, ii is certainly a British pro-
position; it is certainly a British article. Evi-
dence aliunde establishes the fact; and as it is
an important fact, and the more so from its stu-
dious concealment, I will examine that evidence;
and for that purpose will have to go back near
forty yeais in tins branch of our diplomatic inter-
course with Great Britain.
Sir, this is no new project with the British.
They have been at it near forty years; but never
found an Administration before to answer their
purpose. As far back as the year 18fi6, when Mr.
Monroe and Mr. Pinckney were ministers in Lon-
don, the British commenced this business; but in a
form so gentle and innocent, that one is at a loss to
understand, except as now explained, their anxiety
to obtain a treaty stipulation for it. The request
then was, for an intercommunication of laws
against the slave-trade; and for co-operation to
procure the conscnt of other powers to the aboli-
tion of the trade by law, as Great Britain and the
United States had abolished it It was an innocent
request, and would have been complied with, with-
out the compulsion of a treaty obligation. We
send our laws and public documents now to all the
[lowers which have ministers here. Great Britain
sends us all her parliamentary papers; and a val-
uable present they are. All this is done by virtue
of the comity of nations, and from the civilization
of the age, and not by virtue of national compacts.
Yet, to obtain a page or two of our laws on a par-
ticular subject, and to get us to join her in request-
ing other nations to abolish the slave-trade, nothing
short ol a treaty stipulation would content her ex-
treme anxiety. The article was put into a treaty
in 180G, and here it is:
"The high contracting parties engage to communicate to
each oihei, without deUy, all such lawsas have been, or shall
be hemiftci, fnac'ed by then res-'pecuve Legislatures; as also
ail meuhures which shall have bmi taken for ihe abolition or
11''iiirttin11 oi the Afuc-itn skve trade; and they further agree to
iib^ their best endeavors to procure the co-opeiunon uf other
pitwcis (or the final and complete abolition of a trade so repug-
naiit io the principles of humanity md justice "
This is the article. And what more harmless!
To give copies ol our laws, and to request other
nations (o abolish the trade by law, as we had
done. This* wa^ the extent of the stipulation. The
Biitish proposed it, and pressed its adoption with
zeal. The protocols show it, for, in those days,
treaties were not negotiated wiihout showing how;
and the American minivers, in their correspond-
ence with their Government, stated explicitly that
the Btiii?.h proposed it, and pressed it upon them.
Their words are: " The British commissioners po-
■poscd the aHiclei and showed a great desire that we
should accedc to it" Now, why this great desire,
unless for some ulterior purpose1? The article
was nothing in itself; and this anxiety about it can
only be accounted for from a desire to lay a nest-
egij, to be haiehed into life by the diplomatic in-
cubation of future negotiators. The alliances,
naval and diplomatic, oi I8-iw2, show the depth and
character of their long-sighted policy.
The treaty of 1806 was not ratified; it was re-
jected by Mr. Jefferson, without communication to
the Senate; and for a reason which 1 shall have oc-
casion to mention in another part of my speech.
The treaty fell, and with it the agreed article
en the slave-trade But the desiies of the British
did not tall, nor did thev abate; and at thetreaty of
Gheni their instances were renewed for some stipu-
lation on th-is point, with all the warmth of a first
love, nnd with all the pertinacity of a settled de-
Men. Advancing bcyondthenugatory stipulations of
180(3, pretermitting the unnecessary engagement
tor the communication of laws, and endeavoring to
substitute actions for words the British commis-
sions at Ghent proposed an article requiring the
United Slates uto cvat evenj means in their fower"
to accomplish the suppression oi this trade. The
American commissioners found this proposition
too strong. Though indefinite in its terms, and
binding us to nothing specific, iiwas still deemed
too strong; and, upon their objection, it was di-
luted into a blank engagement—ilto us? their best
endeavors." In this diluted form, the article was
a\'ieed to; and now stand thus, as article 10 of the
Ghent treaty:
_ "Whereas the traffic in slave-* is irreconcilable with the prin-
ciples of humanity and ju^tic-, and whereas, both his Majesty
and the United States are desirous of continuing their efforts to
piomote Us entire abolition; n if heieby agreed that both the con.
tiuCti'ig pHTties shall u?e theSi best endeavors to accomplish
sad^inhlf an object "
This is (he arliele—certainly a faint one, and
binding the United States lo nothing;. But it, was a
nest eg<r; and out of that egg, and by the maternal
incubation of the present American Secretary of
