12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1842-
27th Cokg----3d Sess.
The Bntish T enty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
understood; and what I mean to say is, that Con-
gress itself cannot legalize this treaty!—that Con-
gress itself cannot raise this squadron for five
years, for this foreign object!
The Constitution names this subject, and gives
to Congress a certain degree of power over it: it
was to prohibit the importation of slaves after the
year 1808. That power has been exercised; it has
been exhausted; and it is fair to infer that it was
all that was intended to be granted. In a govern-
ment of limited powers, when a certain quantum
is given, it is all that is to be taken. In this case,
the authority to prohibit the importation of slaves
after a given period, was an authority obtained by
compromise, and after much hesitation and diffi-
culty in the convention. It was a long time before
even this much, on a subject so differently viewed
in different sections of the Union, could be agreed
upon. After this, is it to be supposed that a clause
could have been obtained to clothe Congress—to
clothe the Representatives of the people them-
selves, much less [he President, Senate, and a for-
eign prince—with power to raise fleets fui tonus
of years, to put down the slave-trade in Africa it-
self? Certainly not 1 No one that reads the Madi-
son Papers on this head can suppose, for an in-
stant, that this power ever would have been granted.
Then how is it obtained1! By assuming the illimit-
ability, as well as the supremacy ol the treaty-
making power! by assuming that that power is as
large here as it is in Great Britain! by assuming
that it may absorb the legislative power—that n
may transcerfd the legislative powei—that it may
do what Congress can, and what Congress cannot—
that it may employ arms tor the suppression of
moral evils, and send the ships and armies of the
United States quixolting through the world lo re-
dress the wrongs of the human race. As part of
the treaty-making power, I, for one, deny the con-
stitutionality of this squadron engagement; and
shall vote against the laiification of tins treaty.
As part of the legislative power, 1 again deny its
constitutionality; and shall vote against the appro-
priations to cariy it into effect. I shall have mo
chances at the unconstitutional, dangerous, and
improvident scheme; and shall make the best use
of both. ' I will fight the appropriations annually,
through so many of the five years they are to con-
tinue as I shall have to remain here.
Rutitis not so much on I h is lloor, as in the other
end of the Capitol, that these appropriations should
be fought. That duty belongs especially to the im-
mediate Representatives of the people. If they
give up to these eighty gun*, and live years, and
this redress of moral wrongs in Aliica, they give
up everything. The President and Senate, with a
king or a savage that can sis;n a wilting and call
it a treaty, may send as many ships as they please,
to as many countries as the please, for as many
years as [hey please, and for any object that suits
the pleasure or interest of the moment.
I shall move to strike these articles from the
treaty. Even if proper in themselves, (which
they are not,) they arc improperly placed in this
treaty, and made to play an undue part m its ratifi-
cation. The Senators from the non-slaveholding
States can hardly be expected to vote against a trea-
ty that contains stipulations which, in the pres-
ent state of the abolition question, presents itself si
powerfully to the sympathies of so many It in
presented as an indissoluble part of the treaty, in-
volving the loss of the whole m its own loss, and
war, horrid war, is denounced if the treaty fails.
Of course, all the lovers of peace, be it what sort
of peace it may, must retain the articles, to save the
treaty. They act a great and undue part in assur-
ing the ratification; and, therefore, are wrongly
placed, even if proper in themselves. But it is a
stipulation which is not proper in itself, but hide-
ously and frightfully wrong II is unconstitutional
and impolitic, novel and dangerous. It entangles
us in a foreign alliance for a foreign object. It
engages us in a foreign, distant, dangerous, and
expensive service It requires money which we
have not to spare, and men who are wanted on our
own frontiers. It hitches on our little navy to the
great navy of Great Britain, and threatens us with a
realization of the tabled alliance of the giant and
he dwarf. It deprives us of our independence tor
five years certain, and longer if the present, pally
shall continue in power. If I fail in my motion to
strike out—if this stipulation is retained in the
treaty, and ratified, and the appropriations voted
by the two Houses—if all this is done, 1 do not
say, tear up tie Declaration of Independence! But
I do say, Take it down; dislodge it from its con-
spicuous place on our walls; cairyit away; hide it
in a dark chamber; cover it with a black veil! and
let it hang in shame, shrouded in gloom and mourn-
ing, until some new Jacksonian President shall re-
trievehis country's disgrace, break the chains which
bind us to England, and let America again be free.
I proceed to the third subject and last article in
the treaty—the article which stipulates for the mu-
tual surrender cl' fugitive criminals. And here
again we aie at fault for ihese same protocols.
Not one word is found ift the correspondence up-
on this subject, the brief note excepted of Lord
Ashburton of the 9th of August—the day of the
signature of the treaty—to say that its ratification
would require the corfsent of the British Parlia-
ment, and would necessarily be delayed until the
Parliament met. Except this note, not a word is
found upon the subject; and this givesno light upon
its origin, progress, and formation—nothing to
show with whom it originated—what necessity for
it in this advanced age of civilization, when the
comity of nations delivers up fugitive offenders
upon all proper occasions—and'when explana-
tions upon each head of offences, and each class of
fugitives, is so indispensable to the right under-
standing and the safe execution of the treaty. To-
tal and black darnness on all these points. Nor is
any ray of light found in the President's brief
paiagraphsin relation to it. Those paragaphs (the
work of his Secretary, of course) are limited to the
commendation of the article, and are insidiously
deceptive,as I shall show at the proper time. It tells us
nothing that we want to know upon the origin and
design of the article, and how fai it applies to the
largest class of fugitive offenders from the United
States—the slaves who escape with their masters'
property, or after taking his life—into Canada and
the British West Indies. The message is as silent
as the correspondence on all these points; and it is
only from looking into past history, and cotempo-
ran'eous circumstances, that we can search for the
origin and design of this stipulation, so unnecessa-
ry m the present state of international courtesv,
and so useless, unless something unusual and ex-
traordinary is intended. Looking into these sources,
and we are authorized to refer the origin and de-
sign of the stipulation to the British minister, and
to consider it as one of the objects of'the special
mission with which we have been honored* Be
this as it mav, I do not like the article. Though
fair upon its face, it is difficult of execution. As a
"Since the ratification of the n e.'ty by die United States Sen-
ate, a confer* nee has taken place m Now Yoik bWwcen the
Bijtish inini&ier andth' executive committee of the Ameiicart
ami Foicign Anti aiavny Society, which supplies part of the
hi formation wanted. The following !«• an exuaci
"Lnid/iMiburton went into an explanation of the lO.h ar-
ticle, ami mennoneil several paiticnliirs of the discussion that
took pluct,, b<>ih on that topic ami otitis iduting to staves. He
s-iitl t mi it vwi>- vety desrtahle to h.ive an «\itie'e 10 the treat" to
meet c tfessimilar to thiit of Holmes, who fled from Cannda'm-
tnVeimont; and the c^ses that would frt quentiy aii.^e, consul-
(ring the extent of theboidtnuig lines, ami the temptation lor
eliminate to tiee across the lines, in hope of secuims then selves
frotn aues-'t and punishment. The Governor of Canada was
anxious th.tt d'.serieri^hnuUl be included; but dsLoid A. learned
that r< r'Hinr would he put in fortius deiivenng up of fugitive
tj'avos, he abandonfl the q'le^ion of de&eiteis {torn hei Bn'ari
iti'' M.'iOhty's possessions Tie was also veiy dtfimuy to secure
th>^ d-liv.^ry  f mutineer*; but did not pre&a it, lest it should
mvolv.on the pan ot his Govejnr^nt, the dehveiy of slave,•>
s.tuaiod<t> aci.-- thof-e on boaid the Cicote. Wish u 23 rd to (he
of the^'uve T'.ickttt, be dn'not know ?>'! the Irft'ts Sir
Civrlc-s lja:of v.m< known to hint, fnd he did rot b-i'eve he
w1 'UId do any (nine m.eri'iuiul!y wrong But he had pist entei-
ed unon hi- d'itr.s,«iuit was probably desii«>us. •< that juncture,
ni pioiin. nig gooil ffjoiiu7 with his great neighbor. The fact
that the slave, had btken hi* master's watch, was e circumstance
ih.it probably wen1 aqnnsf him. 'Had he ordy uken the horse,'
sa'dLoid A . (looking: at 0"iiif Smith significantly, though he
could not be supposed ever to have i ead the advice of that aeu-
tlenMji to lugtsive s'ave?,) 'he would not, probably, have been
sunendeied; fory->u know the hoise was neeecsaiy for his es-
r.pe' Lord Ashi'urion paid that, in Aaminc the 10th article,
•ST eat care had been taken to provide lhat lnfenor maftistiates m
Canada should have no authonty to suirender fugitives as had
been urged by the othei ; ai !y, and that only the Governor hmi-
pelf could perform an act of so great importance. Gteat cate
would be tiken, he had no doubt"," to protect the innocent; and
mar the taking of any amcle necessary to effect on escape,
wnild >iOt ho considered felonious. !f, said he, the operation of
die 10th article proves injunoutf, he had no doubt the British
Government would put an end to H. agteeably to another pro
vision of the tieatv, yu 'The 10th' aiucle shall continue m
force until one or the utber party shall sipntfv n= wi= h to ter-
minate it, and no longer5 Lord A. said that "when the delega-
tion rame toiead his coirefpondence with Mr. Wpbs'er, stiev
would ^e^ that he had tak^n ^11 popsi'de care to prevent any
inpiry done to the peop'e of coloi; that, if he had ev*n
been willir-e to nvrodnce an article lnchiding cases simi'oi to
that of the Creole, hi"* Government would uevei have ratified
if, «s they will adhere to the great punciples thpy have fo lone
avowed and maintained; and that the fiierx's of the slave m
England would be veiy watchful to see that no wron^ nrartir*
took place under the 10th article." ° piactlGe
general proposition, atrocious offenders, and espe-
cially between neighboring nations, ought to be
given up; but that is better done as an affair ofjCon-
sent and discretion, than under the constraints and
embarrassment? of a treaty obligation. Political
offenders ought not to be' given up; but, under the
stern requisitions of a treaty obligation, and the
benefit of an ex parte accusation, political offenders
maybe given up for murder, or other crimes, real
or pretended; and then dealt with as their Govern-
ment pleases. Innocent persons should not be har-
assed with groundless accusations; and there is
no limit to these vexations, if all emigrants are
placed at the mercy of malevolent informers, sub-
jected to arrest in a new and strange land, examin-
ed upon ex parte testimony, and sent back for trial
if a probable case is made out against them.
This is a subject long since considered in our
country, and on which we have the benefit both of
wise opinions and of some experience. Mr. Jeffer-
son explored the whole subject when he was Secre-
tary of State under President Washington, and
came to the conclusion lhat these surrenders could
only be made under three limitations: I. Between
coterminous countries. 2. For high offences. 3. A
special provision against political offenders. Under
these limitations, as far back as the year 1793, Mr.
Jefferson proposed to Great Britain and Spain (the
only countries with which we held coterminous do-
minions, and only for their adjacent provinces) a
mutual delivery of fugitive criminals. His propo-
sition was in the.-e words:
"Any peison having committed murder of malice prepense,
not of the nature vi treason, or foreeiy, within the United States
or ttie Spanish piovmces adjoining thereto, and fleeing from
the justice of the courmy, shall be delivered up by the Govern-
ment where he shall he found, to thai liom which he fled, when-
ever demanded by the same "
This was the proposition of that great statesman:
and how different from those which we find in this
treaty! Instead of being confined to coterminous
dominions, the jurisdiction of the country is taken
for the theatre of the crime; and that includes, on
the part of Great Britain, possessions all over the
world, and every ship on every sea that sails under
her flag. Instead of'being confined to two offences
of high degree—murder and forgery—one against
life, the other against property—this article extends
to seven offences; some of which may be incurred
for a shilling's worth ot property, and another of
them without touching or injuring a human being.
Instead of a special provision in favor of political
offenders, the insurgent or rebel may be given up
for murder, and then hanged and quartered for
treason; and in the long catalogue of seven offences,
a charge may be made, and an ex parte case estab-
lished, against any political offender which the Brit-
ish Government shall choose to pursue.
To palliate this article, and render it more ac-
ceptable to us, we are informed that it is copied
from the 27th article of Mr. Jay's treaty. That
apology for it, even if exactly true, would be but a
poor recommendation of it to the people of the
United States. Mr. Jay's treaty was no favorite
with the American people, and especially with that
part of the people which constituted the Republican
party. Least of all was this 27th article a favorite
with them. It was under that article that the fa-
mous Jonathan Robbins, alias Thomas Nash, was
surrendered—a surrender which contributed largely
!o the defeat of Mr. Adams, and the overthrow of
the Federal party, in 1S00. The apology would be
poor, if true- but it happens to be not exactly true.
The article in the Webster treaty differs widely
from the one in Jay's treaty—and all for the worse.
The imitation is far worse than the original—about
as much worse as modern Whigery is worse than
ancient Federalism. Here are the two articles;
let us compare them:
Mr Webster's Treaty.
Article it).
"It is agieed that theUrnted States and her Britannic Majes-
ty (Shall, upon mutual requisitions by them, or their ministers,
officers, or authoi mes respectively made, deliver up to justice
all persons who, beinecharged with the crime of murder, or as-
vault wi/'i intent lu commit murder, or piracy, or arson^ or
7 nbhp7y, or forgpi y\ or the vtttrance of forged papers com-
mitted withm the jurisdiction of either, shall seek an asylum,
or -haii be lound, wilhm the territories of the other' provided,
ihat this 3lmll only be done upon such evidence of criminality
as. accurdingtotlie laws of the place where the fugitive or person
so charged shall be found, would justify his apprehension and
commitment for trial, if the crime or offence had there been
committed; and t}ip, respective j/idgfiv andother magistrates
i-hnll fiart- 'pfr.nir, jurisdiction, and authority, upon com-
plaint made under oath, to issue a wot rant for the appre-
hension of the fugitive oi person so charged, thai he may
be brought before such judges, or other magistrates, respec-
tively, to the end that the evidence of aiminality may be
heard and consideredj and if, on such hearing, the evidence
