August, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
27m Cons. •• 3d Sbss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
be deemed sufficient to sustain the charge, it shall he the, duty
of the examining judge, or magistrate, to certify the same
to the proper executto# authority, that a warrant may issue
for the surrender of such fugitive. The expense oi such
apprehension and delivery shall he borne aod defrayed by the
party who makes the requisition, and receives the fugitive."
Mr. Jay's Treaty.
Article '^7.
"It is further agreed that his Majesty and the United States,
on murua! requisitions by them, respectively, or hy their re-
spective ministers, or officer?, authorized ts make the same,
will rieiiyer up to justice aHpeisons who, being charged with
murder, or forgery, committed wtthm the jurisdiction ofeither,
shall seek an asylum within any of the countries of the other:
provided, that this shall only be done on such evidence ofcrim-
mality as,according to the laws of ih© place where the fugi
tive or person so charged shall be found, would justify hi**
apprehension and commitment for trial if the orTence had there
been commuted. The expense of such apprehension and de>
lively shall be borne and defrayed by those who make the
requisition, and receive the fugitive."
These are the two articles, and the difference
between them is great and striking. First, the
number ot'offences tor which delivery of the offend-
er is to be made, is much greater in (he present
treaty. Mr. Jay's article is limited to two offences
—murder and forgery: the two proposed by Mr.
Jefferson; but without his qualification to exclude
political offences, and to confine the deliveries to
offenders from coterminous dominions. The pres-
ent treaty embraces these two, and five others;
making seven in the whole. The five added
offences are—assault, with intent to commit mur-
der; piracy; robbery; arson; and the utterance of
forged paper. These additional five offence^,
though high in name, might be veiy small in de-
gree. Assault, with intent to murder, might be
without touching or hurting any person; for, to
lift a weapon at a person within striking distance,
without striking, is an assault: to level a fire-ann
at a person within carrying distance, and without
firing, is an assault; and the offence being in the
intent, is difficult of proof. Mr. Jefferson excluded
it, and so did Jay's treaty; because the offence was
too small and too equivocal to be made a matter of
international arrangement. Piracy was excluded,
because it was absurd to speak of a pirate's coun-
try. He has no country. He is hoslis humani
generis— the enemy of the human race; and is hung
wherever he is caught. The robbery might bp ol
a shilling's worth of bread; the arson, of burning
a straw shed; the utterance of forged paper, might
be the emission orpassingof a counterfeit sixpence.
All these were excluded from Jay's treaty, because
ot their possible insignificance, and the'door they
opened to abuse in harassing the innocent, and in
multiplying the chances for getting hold of a polit-
ical offender for some other offence, and then
punishing him for his politics.
Striking as these differences are between the
present article and that of Mr. Jay's treaty, there
is a still more essential diffeience in another part;
and a difference which nullifies the article in its
only material bearing in our favor. It is this,
Mr. Jay's treaty referred the delivery of the fugi-
tive to the executive power. This treaty intervenes
the Judiciary, and requires two decisions from a
judge or magistrate before the Governor can act.
This nullifies the treaty in all that relates to fugi-
tive slaves guilty of crimes against theii master-;.
In the eye of the British law, they have no master,
and can commit no offence against .such a person
in asserting their liberty against him, even unto
death. A slave may kill his master, if necessary
to his escape. This is legal under British law;
. and, in the present state of abolitionfeelinglhiough-
" out the British dominions, such killing would not
only be considered fair, but in the highest degree
meritorious and laudable. What chance for the
recovery of such a slave under this treaty's Read
it—the concluding part--after ihe word "commit-
ted," and see what is the process to begone through.
Complaint is to be made to a British judge or
justice. The fugitive is brought before t'hisjud^e
or justice, that the evidence of the criminality may
be heard and considered—such evidence as would
justify the apprehension, commitment, and trial of
the party, if the offence had been commiued there.
If, upon this hearing, the evidence be deemed suffi-
cient to sustain the charge, the judge or magistrate
is to certify the fact to the executive authority; and
then, and "not until then, the surrender can be
made. This is the process; and in all this die
new treaty differs- fjom Jay's. Under his treaty,
the delivery was a ministerial act, referring itself
to the authority of the Governor: under this treaty,
it becomes a judicial act, referring itself to the dis-
cretion of the judge, who must twice decide against
the slave (first, in issuing the warrant; and next,
in trying it) before the Governor can order the
surrender. Twice judicial discretion interposes a
barrier, which cannot be forced; and behind which
the slave, who has robbed or killed his master, may
repose in safety. What evidence of criminality
will satisfy the judge, when the act itself is no
crime in his eyes, or under his laws,^and when all
his sympathies are on the side of the slave? What
chance would there be for the judicial surrender of
offending slaves in the British dominions, under
this treaty, when the provisions of our own Con-
stitution, within the States of our own Union, in
relation to fugitive slaves, cannot be executed"! We
all know that a judicial trial is immunity to a slave
pursued by his owner, in many of our own States.
Can such trials be expected to result better for the
owner in the British dominion, where the relation
of master and slave is not admitted, and where
abolitionism is the policy of the Government, the
voicc of the law, and the spirit of the peopled
Killing his master in defence of his liberty, is no
offence in the eve of British law or British people;
and no slave will ever be given up for it.
[Mr. Wright here said, that counterfeiting
American securities, or bank notes, was no of-
fence in Canada; and the same question might
arise there m relation to forgers.]
Mr. Benton lesumed. Better far to leave things
as they aie. Forgers are now given up m
Canada, by Executive authority, when they fly to
that province. This is done in the spirit of good
neighborhood; and because all honest Governments
have an interest in suppressing crimes, and repelling
criminals The governor acts from a sense of pro-
priety, and the dictates of decency and justice.
Not so with the judge. He must go by the law;
and when there is no law against the offence, lie
has nothing to justify him in delivering the of-
fender.
Conventions for the mutual surrender of large
oftenders, where dominions are coterminous, might
be propei. Limited, as proposed by Mr. Jefferson
in 1793, and they might be beneficial in suppres-
sion of bolder crimes and the preservation ol order
and justice. But extended as this is to a long list
of offenders—unrestricted as it is m the case of
murder—applying to dominions m all parts of
the world, and to ships in eveiy sea,—it can be
nothing but the source of individual annoyance
and national recrimination. Besides, if we sur-
rendei toGreat Britain, why not to Russia, Prussia,
Austria, France, and all thecountries uf Ihe world!
If wo give -ip the Irishman to England, why not
the Pole to Russia, the Italian to Austria, the Ger-
man to his prince; and so on throughout the cat-
alogue of nations' Sir, the aiticle is a pestiferous
one; and as it is determinable upon notice, it will
become the duty of the American people to elect a
President who Will give the notice, and so pin an
end to its existence,
Addressing itself to the natu-al feelings of the
country, against high crimes and border offender,
and in favor of political liberty, the message of ihe
President communicating and recommending this
treaty to us, carefully presents this article as^con-
fonmng to our feelings in all these particulars. It
is represented as applicable only to higli crimes—
to border offenders; a-id to otiences not political.
In all this, the message is disingenuous and de-
ceptive, ami calculated u> ravish from the ignorant
and the thoughtless an applause to which the
treaty is not entitled. It says:
"The sunerider to justice of nenons who. h ivinfr committed
high crimes, seek an lum m the tcsntotiei of a.
ins? nation, would to be an sci due to the ccuse of £ener;J
junico, and properly belonging to the pie^ent state m civil.za-
itonand intercourse The D> ttish provinces oi Nc.th Amei«
lea .ire separated fion the Sutes uf ihe by a Imp nf sev
evil thou-and miles :nni. along portions o! this line, the amount
of popu!ation on euh.-r side ih qu.te considerable, trh>le the
passage of the f/omidary ?•> always easy
''O^rinders ta>' law on th" ove side tr<mxftr thrm
selxrs loth" otkff. ^'vncfune--, with?) eat rtifr.ru'ty, they ate
hr.-ught to insnce; but V"i-y oiten they wholly escape, a con-
sciousness of inrnnnity, fiorn the powev of avoiding justice
m this wny,m?turatts 'he unoi incjpled and Kvkiee<? to the corn-
mis^Mii of otfe\cps>; and the pence ovd good netg' borhoad
(>f thf hot der m t c<mst*pien>ly often disturbed.
c In ihe ca«p ot"offenders deem?from Canada «n'o ihe Unites!
States, the Governors ol State.? are often applied to for their
smrendn-; and questions of a v^ry finbcm^ins r.«uureause
from ih^se applications' It h^a been th^ughr h'ghly important,
therefore, 'o piovide f. r the whole ca^ hv a pt-^per treaty stip-
ulation The article on the subject, m the proposed treaty. is
Carefully confined to such offer ccs a a aii mankind a:rce to re
card heisi.ua and dtvrii';!ive of thp ^fouriv of H'e pnd.-f
pic ter'y Jn '!,!■• v.sd sp<vf;c f-inmT :,i".r. of'n ice-
the < bi.'Ct h^~ ivn toexclnde all political ufP-nrpr- or rr m-
inal charges arising from wars or intestine commotions. Tica-
son, misprision of treason, libels, desertion from military ser-
vice, and other offences of a similar character^ are excluded"
In these phrases the message recommends the ar
tide to the Senate and the country; and yet nothing
could be moie fallacious and deceptive than such a
recommendation. It confines the surrender to bor-
der offenders—Canadian fugitives: yet the treaty
extends it to all persons committing offences under
th& "jurisdiction" of GreatpBritain—a term which
includes all her territory throughout the world,
and every ship or fort over which her flag
waves. The message confines the surrender to high
crimes: yet we have seen that the treaty includes
crimes which may be of low degree—low indeed!
A hare or a partridge from a preserve; a loaf of
bread to sustain life; a sixpenny counterfeit note
passed; ashed burnt; a weapon lifted, without stri-
king! The message says all political crimes, all
treasons-, misprision of treason, libels, and deser-
tions are excluded. The treaty shows that these
offences are not excluded—that the limitations pro-
posed by Mr. Jefferson are not inserted; and, con-
sequently, under the head of murder, the insurgent,
the rebel, and the traitor who has shed blood, may
be given up; and so of other offences. When
once surrendered, he may be tried for anything.
The. fate of Jonathan Bobbins, alias Nash, is a
good illustration of all this* He was a British
sailor—was guilty of mutiny, murder, and piracy
on the frigate Hennione—deserted to the United
Stales—was demanded by the British minister as a
murderer under Jay'streaty—given tip as a murder-
er—then tried by a court-martial onboard a man-of-
war for mutiny, murder, desertion, and piracy—
found guilty—executed—and his beidy hung in
chains from the yard-arm of a man-of war. And so
it would be again. The man given up for one of-
fence, would be tried for another, and in the num-
ber and insignificance of the offienees for which he
might be surrendered, theie would be no difficulty
in reaching any victim that a foreign Government
chose to pursue. If this article had been m force
in the time of the Irish rebellion, and Lord Edward
Fitzgerald had escaped to the United States, after
wounding, as he did, several of the myrmidons who
ariested him, he might have been demanded as a
fugitive from justice, for the assault with intent to
kill; and then tried for trea«un, and hanged and
quartered; and such will be the operation of the ar-
ticle if it continues.
The article is improper ia itself; unequal in its
operation, intended to give the British the rightjof
demanding all fugitives, or emigrants from all parts
of her dominions, and all her ships; intended to au-
thorizetheir arrestfordesertion or political offences,
under the guise of reclaiming them for crimes;;
worth nothing to us on the two mam points of fu-
gitive slaves and forgers; and actually putting us in
a worse condition than we were in without this
agreement. Lord Ashburton says it cannot take
effect in England without an act of Parliament to
sanction it. I have not examined the question;
but would suppose that if an act of Parliament
v. ere necessary in England to give it validity, an act
of Congress would be equally necessary here fortbe
same purpose. In that event, the Representatives
of the people may yet save an immense emigrant
population from the persecutions and annoyance
to which political offenders as well as criminals,
and the inneccnt as well as the guilty, maybe sub-
jected under this renewed and aggravated edition
of one of the worst parts of Jay's treaiy.
1 have done with the consideration of this article;
and with it, I have done with mv detailed and special
objections to the contents of the treaty, Other gen-
eral objections [ have to it, and so stated at the open-
ing of my speech. Besides the leading general ob-
jection, that this treaty was not a settlement of all
matters in dispute; that it settled what concerned
Great Britain and the Northern States; and was, in
fret, a virtual separate treatv with those Slates';—
besides this objection, which I slated at large, there
were other general objections which I barely named,
and will now proceed to state more fully."
''•ite (,Pi>.sideiii Adam-*) considers an offence commuted on
board a public ship of war on the h Lrh seas, (o have been com-
miued within the jurisdiction of the naiion to whichtheship
hdon^s .N.i-h 13 charge!, it 11 understood, wuh piracy and
murder on bond Ihe Bri Uih fri?ole He'mione, on the high
seas, and, c-r- q.icntly, within the jurisdiction of his Britannic
K |.sty; and, therefore, bv the 27th article ot the treaty of
iilll'ty wirh Great Briiain, Nash ought lo be delivered up as re-
qnefiled by the British minister, provided such eviderce ofhia
coimc-ihiv be pi winced as. hv ihel'iws of the (Jnited States,
01 of ^outh Carolina, (w! eve'ho fu^tiive wa*,> would justify his
apivehei:*ioR end corn.miment for'inal. if ihe odenoe had been
committed within the United State?."—(Mr. Picbprins's letter
to the British minister. Mr. Liston, surrendering Hobtrifts,
alias Nash; by ordei of President A fictma.y
