u
ijru Cono-'«-3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Mr. Benton.
August, 1842 J
The British Trealy-
Senate.
1. The employment of a sole negotiator in a
business of such magnitude and variety, and one
who had not been approved by the Senate for this
purpose., The negotiations- embraced the most im-
portant concerns, amlthemost canons—some pe-
culiar to sectional divisions of the Union, as the
boundary, to the North; the liberation and entice-
ment of slaves, to the South; the Columbia river,
to the West; and then to the Union in general, in
the important questions of impressment, of search,
and of the insult at Schlosser. Such varied and
important interests required several commissioners
-on the part of the United States, and they specially,
approved by the Senate for this purpose. Never,
in the anna's of our history, was such a negoti-
ation before committed to a single hand. In all
previous administrations, Federal or Republican,
where great questions were at stake, several min-
isters were appointed, and they taken from differ-
ent parts of the Union, and from both political par-
ties. Witness the three ministers in France (Mar-
shall Pmkney, and Gerry) rn Mr. .1. Adams's
time;' the two ministers to England (Mr. Rufus
King and Mr. Monroe) in Mr. Jefferson's time;
the five ministers to Ghent (Messrs. J. Q. Adams,
Bayard, Clay, Russell, and Gallatin) in Mr. Madi-
son's time; and numerous other instances, within
the recollection of all. The present occasion was
as important as any of these; for, besides embracing
so many, and such various questions, it also in-
volved, as we are constantly told, the great ques-
tion of peace or war1 If the British Government
chose to confide its interests to a single negotiator,
that was no rule tor us. It is a monarchy; and
concentration is its principle. We are a confeder-
acy of Republics; and diffusion is our tendency.
The monarchy and the monarchical Government
is alone to be consulted m Great Britain. 1 he
State Governments, the political parties, the sec-
tional divisions, are all to he considered here; and
certainly there never was a time when an Admin-
istration was more bound to defer to the Slates, to
the sections, and the parties. Having no State, no
section, and no party to support it, it was little able
to disregard the claims of justice, and the obsei v-
ances of propriety towards any. It is to no pur-
pose to say, It is no matter, the Senate has the con-
trol; it can reject. This is idle. We know lhat
treaties are confirmed; that not a single Senator
would recommend; that various influences are
brought to bear upon the raiilVation of a treaty;
and that ratification is no lest u! its merits. No.
The security is in precaution—in preventive reme-
dies—-in taking care to secure a sate treaty before-
hand; and not in the rejection by the Senate after-
wards. In this case, the employment of a single
negotiator was unjustifiable. The occasion was
great, and required several, both for safety and tor
satisfaction. The negotiation was here. Our coun-
try is full of able men. Two other negotiators
mi ht have been joined without delay, without
tiouble, and almost without expense. The British
also had another negotiator heie, (Mr. Fo.\',) a
minister of whom 1 can say, without disparage-
ment to any other, thai, in the two and twenty
years which I have sat in this Senate, and had oc-
casion lo know the foreign ministers, 1 have never
lcnown his superior lor intelligence, dignity, atten-
tion to His business, fidelity to his ov n Govern-
ment, and decorum to nuis. Why not add Mr.
Fox to Lord Ashbnrlon, mil -ss In prove nl an asso-
ciate front being gi'. en to Mr. Webster'? Was it
arranged in London that the whole negotiation
should be between two, and that these two should
act without a witness, and wiihout notes or minutes
of their conferences'! Be this as it may, the effect
is the same; and all must condemn this solitary
business between two ministers, when the oecasion
so imperiously demanded several.
2. The assumption if the Secretary nesotiator
to treat the boundaries of the republic, established
by the war of the Revolution, as matter of bar-
gain and sale—of gifts and equivalents—in the
hands of the negotiators. This was done, and 111
the whole extent of the boundary. In his verv first
letter to Lord Ashburton—in his brief note of the
t~fh of June, acknowledging the receipt of his Lord-
ship's very first note, and in announcing his own
authority to tieat—our negotiator throws up the
-whole question of rights under the treaty of '83,
declares for a conventional line, and invite- a nego-
tiation upon the basis of grants and equivalents—
the very thine which he had condemned in the
award. This is what he says in his note—-hear
itim;
"LomI Ashburton having been charged by the Queen s Gov-
ernment with full powejs to negotiate and settle alt matters m
discussion between the ITuited States and England; and having,
on his arrival at Washington, announced that, m relation to t.:e
question of (tie Northeastern boundary of (he Untied Sta'es, he
^aa authorized to treat for a conventional line, or line by agree-
ment, on such terms and conditions, and with such n.utuat con-
siderations and equivalents, as mightbe thought jnst and equi-
table, and that he was ready to enter upon a negotiation lor
such conventional line, so soon as this Government should say
that it was authorized and ready on its part to commence such
negotiation,--the undersigned, Secretary (if Slate of tne United
ivat.ee, haa now the honor to acquaint his .Lordship, by direc
tton of the President, that the undersigned is ready, on behalf of
the Government of the Tfnited States, and duly authorized to
pioceed to the consideration of such conventional line, or line
by agreement; cndwillbe happy lo/iave anintervnewon lhat
subject, at his Lordship's convenience."
[Mr. Webster to Lord AiMmrton, June 17.
To this most obliging proposition—which gave
up the whole question!—the British minister very
naturally and very promptly (i. f., on the same
day) returned a note of acceptance, fully accepting
what the Secretary offered. The note is in these
terms:
"The undersigned, plenipotentiary of licr BritannicMa}fsty
on an extraordinary and special mission to the United State® of
Amci ic-'t, has the honor of acknowledging, with much satisfac-
tion, th« communication received this day from Mr. Webster,
Fecrefary of State of the United State*, that he is jvady, on be
half of the United States, ami duly authorized, in relation to the
nnestion of the Northeastern boundary of the United States, to
propped to the consideration of a conventional line, or line by
agreement, on such terms and conditions, and with such mu-
tual considerations and equivalents, as might be thought jnst
and eqnitablc. And, in reply to Mr. Webstei's invitation to the
nnderMffned to fix some time for their conference, upon
thissuhjrcU he begs to propose to call on Mr. Webstei, at the
Departmontof Staff, to-morrow, at 12o5clo<"k', for this purpose,
should lhat timo be perfectly convenient to Mr Webster "
[Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster, June 17.
Here i<5 acceptance, quick and cordial, v/ith a
time and place named for the first conference.
The Secretary agrees to the time and place men-
tioned; and immediately, fto wit: on the same afore-
said 17th day of Jane,) writes back to the British
minister as follows:
" The Secre'ary of State will have great pleasure in seeing
t.>rd Ashbmton at twelve o'clock to-morrow, as proposed by
him."
Thjs was rapid woik, and long will this day—
this Friday, June 17, 184-2—be remembered and
noted m the annals of this confederacy. In the
Roman calendar, it would have hod a place
anions their unlucky days. Its memory would
haw been perpetuated by a black monument; and
most appropriate it will be for 11 s to mark all the
new boundaries of Maine with black stones, and
veil with black the statue of the god Terminus,
degraded from the mountain which overlooked
GUieboc, to the humble valley whtch grows po-
tatoes.
Let us mark this black Friday. On that day, a
question of national boundaries was settled !—"and
,-settled by giving it up!—and given up before the first
conference! A conventional boundary was agreed
to, in violation ofihe Senate's decision in the case
of the awarded line, and in contradiction 10 the
negotiator's recorded principles on that occasion.
The King of the Netherlands awarded a convert
tional line: it was rejected, because it was conven-
tional, and now two conventional lines—the same,
and another far worse—are agreed upon; and
agreed upon before the first conference, and by
the negotiator whu was potential in preventing
President Jackson from accepting the fust. The
new boundaries thus agreed upon must be, and
ought to Lp, repugnant and humiliating to the
yWnerierin feeling. But humiliation and lepug-
linncc are no* all; danger and mischief follow in
the rear. Five hundred miles of lust-rate smug-
gling ground is added to 1 he 1,500 miles ofnoiihern
smuggling boundary which we already possessed.
Pas^amaquoddv bay is converted into a great
naval station, for the scourge of our coasts in time
to come by British steamers. Halifax and Quebec
are united, and a new military frontier created, in
which Great Britain exults and Maine mourns.
3. The omission to keep protocols; and the
mysteiy and doubt which hang over the 01 iuiei
and progress of the different propositions, and the
degrees bv which they ripened into their ultimate
form. This neglect, or omission, as we have
already seen, was total and invariable. It pervaded
every part of the negotiation; and the correspond-
ence which has been communicated to us—incom-
plete as it is, in leaving wholly unmentioned several
subjects of the negotiation—has all the air of an
after performance—the air of an arranged corres-
pondence to justify foregone conclusions. All the
main work seems to have been done teie-a-iete*
without a witness' to hear it, or pen to note it.
Never, since diplomacy began, and the art of
writing was inyented, was a negotiation of such
moment, or of any moment, so tracklessly con-
ducted ! At the same time, the occasion was one
which required ample minutes to be taken, a
faithful record 10 be kept, and explanations ^ of
every thing lo be given. Sole negotiator—im-
mense interests— various questions—half of them
pretermitted* the others sacrificed. Surely such
things required protocols—many protocols; yet we
have not one; and the justificatory message drawn
up for the President, and signed by him without
a verification of facts, is replete with unfounded sug-
gestions and insidious recommendations, only cal-
culated to impose on the ignorant. I present this
omission to keep minutes of the conferences as a
fatal objection to the treaty, and a departure from
propriety not to be tolerated. We have a right to
see the progressof a negotiation, and this is the
first instance in which that right has been violated.
4. The assumption of the American negotiator
to act for the British negotiator, in presenting the
British proposition for the Maine boundary as the
American proposition; and the unjustifiable and
unfounded arguments with which he pressed that
proposition upon the Maine commissioners, until
he extorted from them a reluctant, painful^ con-
ditional acquiescence, which was immediately
treated as an absolute consent. This is a most
serious objection, and requires lo be provedas soon
as stated. So, here is the proof:
"Gentlemen. You have bad an opportunity of reading
Lord Asliburton's note to meofthe 11th July. Since that date,
1 have had full and frequent confeiences with htm respecting
the Eastern boundary, and believe 1 understand what is practi-
cable to be done on that subject, so laras he is concerned. In
these conferences, he has made no positive or binding proposi-
tion; though, perhaps, it would be more desirable, under pres-
ent circumstances, that suchpropositionshouldproceedfrom
the United States. I have reason to believe, however, that
he would agree to a line of boundaiy between the United States
and the iJntish provinces ef Canada and New Brunswick,
such as u> described in a paper accompanying this, (marked
B,) and identified by my signature.
"The line suggested, with the compensations and equiva-
lents which have bt-en stated, is now submitted for your con«
sideration. That it is alt which might have been hoped for,
looking to iht/frtiength ofthc Amencan claim, can hardly be
said B.it, as the svtth menr of a controversy of such duration
is a moitei of high importance; as equivalents of undoubted
value are offered; as longer postponement and delay would lead
to furthei inconvenience, and to the incurring of further ex-
penses; and as no better occasion, or peihaps any other qc>
casion, for settling the boundary by agree7timl,'and on the
p/inciples of equivalents, in ever likely to present itself, the
GavernmerttoJ 1he United States hopes that the commission'
ers of the two States will find it to be consistent with their
ditty to assent to the line proposed, and to the terms and
conditions attending the pioposition.
'' The President luis lelt the deepest anxiety for an amicable
settlement of the question in a mariner honoi able to the coun-
tiy, and such as bhuuld preserve the rights and interest of the
States concerned From the moment of the announcement of
Lord Ashburton's mission, he has sedulously endeavored to
pursue a cotnse the most respectful towards the States, and
the most useful to their interests, as well as the most becom-
ing to the character arid dignity of the Government. He will
be happy if the result shall be such as shall satisfy Maine and
Massachusetts, as well as the rest of the*,ountry. With these
sentiment* 011 the part of the President, and with the convic•
t/on that no mot e advantageous arrangement can bemade,
tins subject isnoa- rtfetred to the grave dtlibei aiion of the
commixstoncis ''—Mr. Webster to the Maine commissioners,
July 15.
This extract shows, in express terms, that the
American Secretary of State presented the British
proposition for the Maine boundary; that he not
only presents it, but brings both the British and
American Governments to bear upon Maine, to
coeice her submission. The paper marked B,
identified by the Secretary's signature, is evidently
from the British legation; and is the precise wri-
ting, word for word, which now constitutes the first
article of the treaty. The American Government
is made to express its desire for the accepiance of
the boundary designated in that paper; and then a
train of the. most extraordinary argument is ad-
dressed to Maine, in which the Secretary evidently
speaks for Great Britain. _ First, he speaks of the
equivalents which Maine is to receive, and declares
them to be of undoubted value. What are they1?
The half of .$300,000 for the two conventional
lines and the two territorial looses! when Presi-
dent Jackson had proposed a million and a quarter
of dollars (one million of acres of good land in
Michigan) as a compensation to Maine for one of
these lines and one of these losses only; and that
offer had been spurned by the present'negotiator.
He now adds 110 miles of new boundary, and
57-2,000 acres of new territorial loss; reduces the
equivalent lrom $1,250,000 to 6150,000, and then
presses it upon Maine as an equivalent of undoubt.
ed value. And this is all she gets; for the navi-
