A g-asty 1.8 4§.
27th Cong.-
-3D "SESS.
APPENDIX TO tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
IS
Senate.
gation of the St. John, due to Maine under the laws
of nations, is balanced by navigation conferred, as i
well as received. The Secretary then goes on to ]
threaten Maine with war, if she^ does not submit ;
to his British proposition. He tfarns her that no i
better occasion—no other occasion—for SET-
TLING the boundary by AGREEMENT, and
for EQUIVALENTS, is ever likely to happen;
he tells "her that no ARRANGEMENT more AD-
VANTAGEOUS can be made; and then submits
the proposition, as a unit, without alteration or
amendment, to the GRAVE DELIBERATION of
the commissioners. Now, my first objection to all
this, is a threat of war to coerce Maine; for what
else can be understood from this last chance for set-
tling by agreement, and for equivalents, and that no '
better arrangement can he had1? What is this but
saying to Maine, that if you do not accept this set-
tlement of the boundary, it will be settled "without
agreement, and without equivalents, ar.d in a more
disadvantageous manner'!—that is to say, it will be 1
settled by war, and you will be flogged into sub-
mission. This i3 the plain import of the Secretary's
language; and here we have the root and origin of
thatWalpole cry of war—that craven cry—which
has been made to resound through the land. The
same threat which was made to Maine, is made to
us; and, like her commissioners, we are desired
to take the proposition into our grave deliberation.
The next objection I have to this threat is, that it
is false; for we all know that Great Britain not
only agreed to better terms than these for us, but
demanded them; and made it matter of remon-
strance that we refused them. I speak of the King
of the Netherlands' award. That award was ;
infinitely better for us; and it was not only ac-
cepted by the British, but insisted upon; aid
its non-execution on our part was made a sub-
ject of remonstrance and complaint against us.
After this, can any one believe that the "pence-
mission," was sent out to make war upon us if
we did not yield up near double as much as she
then demanded1 No, sit! there is no truth in this
cry of war. It is only a phantom conjured up for
the occasion. From Jackson and Van Buren the
British would gladly have accepted the awarded
boundary: the Federalists prevented it, and even
refused a new negotiation. Now, the same Fed-
eralists have yielded double as much, and are
thanking God that the British condescend to ac-
cept it. Such is Federalism and the British well
knew their time, and their men, when they se-
lected the present moment to send their special 1
mission; to double their demands; and tp use argu-
ments successfully, which would have been indig-
nantly repelled when a Jackson or a Van Buren
was at the head of the Government—or, rather,
would never have been used to such Presidents.
The conduct of our Secretary-negotiator is inex-
plicable. He rejects the award, because it dismem-
bers Maine; votes against new negotiations with
England, and announces himself ready to shoulder
a musket and march to the highland bound-
ary, and there fight his death for it. This was
under Jackson's administration. He now becomes
negotiator himself; gives up the highland bound-
ary in the first note; gives up all that was award-
ed by the King of the Netherlands; gives up ] 10
miles on this side ol that award; gives up the
mountain barrier winch covered Maine, and com-
manded the Halifax road to Quebec; gives #500,000
lor Rouse's Point, which the ICm.; of the Nether-
lands gave us for nothing; becomes the agent of
the British minister in presenting the new bound-
ary to the Maine commissioners; and crowns all
this inexplicable conduct by keeping no record of
his proceedings, and using threats and menaces
which no English gentleman would have used, and
which were as false in fact as they were insolent
in spirit. 1 say this conduct is inexplicable! I
shall publish what I say, and defy the Secrctaiy
and his friends 10 explain this conduct.
This is sufficient to prove my assertion that the
American negotiator became the champion of the
British Government; that he offered the British
proposition as the American proposition; that he ;
broughtboth Governments to hear upon Maine,in or- ']
der to force her to accept it; and that he used argu- 1
ments to accomplish his purpose, which were un-
justifiable and untrue. The proof in his own letter
is sufficient; but the answer of the Maine coimni.-
cioners seals it; and here is that answer:
"The undersigned, commtssioneisof the State of Maine on
the subject of the Northeastern boundary, have the honor to
acknowledge the receipt of your note, addressed to th$m under
date ofthelSth instant, with enclosures theiem referred to.
The proposition first submitted by the special minister of
Great Bruain, on me subject ol'the boundaiy, having be n dis-
agreed to; ant! the proposition made on the pait ot the iinited
Slates, with tl.o assent of the commissioners of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts. having been rejected as inadmissible, coupled with
an expression of surprise that itshouid have been made; and
I.ord Ashburton, m the same communication, having intimated
a preference for conference rather than correspondence, and
having omitted in hisnote to make any new proposition, except
a qualified withdiavval of a part of his former one; we learn
from your note lhatyou 'have had futl and fiequent confer-
encessvith him respecting the Northeasts!n boundary,' end
that vou 'believe you understand what is practicable to be done
on that subject, so far as he (Lord Ashbutton) is concerned '
We also learn that 'in these coi.fetences he has made no pnsi
tive or binding proposition; (lin king, pelhaps, it wotilJ be
nw e desirable, under present circumstances, that such a prop-
osition should proceed fro in the side of the United States;' but
that, you have reason to helieve that he would atrree to a line of
btmndtm such as'sdesenbed untie paper accompanying your
no:e, (marker! li,) and. also, time you en ettam the conviction
'tlia' no more advantageous arrangement can be made,' and,
w: h this conviction, yon refer the subject to the grave deliber-
ation of the conmiissnnets.
" Regard it ig lb is as substantially a proposition on die part of the
United States, widuhe knowledge and assent ot Great Britain,
and as the one most fivorab'e to us which, under any cncum-
stances, t!ie lattet 'Invert.men! would eiihtr offer ot accept, the
undeiairned have not faih'd to bestow upon it the grave deliber-
ation and consideration which its nature-and importance, and
ttieir ever responsible position, demand.
"We are now given to understand that the "Executive of tho
United States, representing the sovereignty <t the Un'oti, as-
sents to the proposal, and that ibis depai'hient of the OVveui-
ment at least -s nyino>/■( for in acceptan e, as, in its view, most
exped'ent fot the g uetal good,
'•'the commissioners: of In;vo already given
their assent, on behalf ot th.LiCommormetdth
"Considering, then, tins ptoposition as invoivi 'i tho surren-
del'of mol e tei i no; y tin-.n (tie avowed obpets of Eig'ind le-
tjum, asreiiiOv.i,L' oui londtnaiks from the well-known and
well i'i lined Miundaiv of the treatv of ("Isi, on the ciest of Use
h'2hlarvis, besides insisting upon 'die line nr tire arbiter m its
full extent, we feci boutiu .o ssy. atiu the most carelul eon-
fi tei.men, drat we <"<n ot bring our minds io fee conviction
that the. propo.-al is such as Maine had a t sint tr, expect.
"We are. now called upon t > consider die final proposition,
made/(i/oi thi ouzh the Oovernmerit of tite lit ited States, fn
our con-ldomiori and aceen anre. The line indicated may be
shortly dt fi :ed as the tine i> i oromended t y tin. King of'bo
Neilie'timd', and en addition tht reto of a strip 01 1 ar■ ii at ihe
tiase u[ die iuehlands running to lite sotuce ot the. southwest
btanch of the St J ii'n 'I be examination and considmation of
.111 rdiei lines, winch might better meet our views and objects,
have been prtOiuled bv ihe deciara'ion. and other plenary ev-
idence we have, that the line specified in youi communicalinn
isthemost advantageous that can bo ottered to u^; and (hat no
one of less ex'ent— nr ylehhi g. in fact, less to tile other party—
can he deemed . dmissible. We are, therefore, brought to the
sin ale and simplecnnsideiatioii of the question wlieiher we can,
con isteiit'y wiho'jr views of our duty to the Stale we repress!,',
aeeept the proposition submitted bv you.''-—The Maine Com-
7,iic?wncrs to Mr. TT e/ot/er, July 27.
5. The mixing up of incongruous matter in
the treaty, and presenting the whole as a unit, to
he ratified in toto, under penalty of loss of the
whole, and war if any pait of it was reacted. This
is a serious objection to the treaty. Incongruities
are not to be put into laws, whether they be the
supteme or the subordinate law. The African
alliance for live years, is an incongruity in a
British treaty of permanent boundaries. The only
leason for putting this temporary convention into a
permanent treaty, is ihe very rea.-on which should
prevent its being put there; it is to fetter the Sen-
ate—to embarrass and coerce them —to make one
part of' the treaty carry another. I shall move
to strike oui this alliance article, as well for incon-
gruity, as fur its unconstitutionality, inexpediency,
and gioss impolicy.
6. "The irregular manner in which the ratifica-
tion of this trealy has been sought, by consultations
with individual members, before it was submitted
to the Senate. Here 1 tread upon delicate ground;
and if I am wrong, this is the time ant! Ihe place
to correct me. I speak in the hearing of those who
m;r-t know whether I am mistaken. J have reason
to believe that the treaty has been privately sub-
mitted to Senators—their opinions obtained—the
judgment of the body forestalled; anil then se.d,
here for the forms of ratification. [One Senator
said he had not been consulted.] Mr. B. in con-
tinuation • Certainly not, as the Senator says so;
and so of any other gentleman who wi'l say the
samp, t interrogate no one. I have r,o right to
interrogate any one. I do not pretend to say that all
were consulted; that would have beer, unnecessary;
and besides, I know I was not consulted myself;
and 1 know many others who weie not. All that
I intend io say is, that 1 have reason to ihink that
this Lreaiv has been ratified out o[ doors' nod thnt
this is a t;!'"11 i! t'egu!iri'.v, and bespeaks ail undue
solicitude tin it on the part of its aiuhois. arising
from a consciousness of its indefensible character.
7. The want of instructions from the President
to guide this negotiation. This is a glaring objec-
tion to the treaty. By the theory of our Govern-
ment, the President is the head of the Executive
Department, and must treat through his agents and
ministers, with foreign powers. He must tell them
what to do, and should tell that in unequivocal
language, that there may be no mistake about it.
He must command and direct the negotiation; he
must order what is done. This is the theory of
our Government, and this has been its practice
from the beginning of Washington's to the end of
Mr. Van P.invivs administration; and never was
it more necessary than now. Being but one ne-
gotiator, and he not approved by^the senate for that
purpose, and being from an interested State, it was
the bounden duty of the President to have guided
and directed everything He is the head of the
Union, and should have attended to the interest of
the whole Union; on the contrary, he abandons
everything to his Secretary,* and this Secretary
takes care of one section of the Union, and of
his own State, and of Great Britain; and leaves
the other two sections of the Union out of the,
treaty. The Northern Slates, coterminous with
Canada, get their boundaries adjusted; Massachu-
setts gets money, which her sister States are to
pay; and Great Britain takes two slices and all
her military frontiers from the State of Maine!
the the S.anclW. States are left as they were!—the na-
tural result of a negotiation committed, without in-
structions, to a single negotiator; and that nego-
tiator the man who declared he would not vote
the money for defence which President Jackson
required, even if the enemy was battering at the
doors of the Capitol 1 and whose subserviency to
British interests, has so oiten and so deplorably
been manifested.
8. The fear of war. This Walpole argument
is heavily pressed npon us, and we are constantly
told that ihe alternatives lie between this treaty—
the whole ot it, just as it is—or war ! This is a de-
grading argument, if true; and infamous if false!
and false it i«; and more than that, it is as shame-
less as it i^ unfounded! What! the peace mission
come to make war! it is no such thing. It comes
to take advantage of onr deplorable condition—-to
take wim it pleases, and to repulse the rest. Great
Britain is in no condition to goto war with us,
and every child knows it. But I do not limit my-
self to argument, and general considerations, to dis-
prove this war argument. ] refer to the fact which
stamps it with untruth. Look to the notes of Sir
Charles Yanghan and Mr. Bankhead, demanding
the execution of the award, and declaring that
iti execution, would remove every impediment to
the harmony of the law eovrntnes. After that,
and while holding these authentic declara-
tions in our hands, are we to be told that
the peace mission requires more than the award"!
requires one hundred and ten miles more of
boundary1? requires .$500,000 for Rouse's Point,
which the award gave us without money1? requires
a naval and diplomatic alliance, which she dared not
mention in the time of Jackson or Van Buren'? re-
quires the surrender ol '"rebels" under the name of
ci iurinals'? and puts the South and West at de-
fiance, while conciliating the non-slaveholding
States'? and gives ps war, if we do not consent to
all this degradation, insult, and outrage1? Are we
to be told this1! No, sir, no! There is no danger
of war; but this treaty will make a war, if it is
ratified. It gives up "all our advantages; leaves us
with great questions unsett'ed; incteases the anda-
ci'y of the British; weaken? and degrades us; and
leaves us no alternative but war to save the Co-
lumbia, to prevent impressment, to resist search,
to repel Sclilos«er invasions, and to avoid a San
Domingo insurrection in the South, excited from
London, from Canada, and from Nassau.
9. I conclude this head of general objections with
the notice of an exhibition on this lkw, preceded
by private and impressive revelations to Senators
without, which the honor of the contrivers would
*This has since been pub! cly declarul by Mr. Webster at
Uo-ton. The edition of his spcech, revised and corrected by
fnmsel/, says:
"I never can forget ihe frankness and generosity with which,
ahet an interchantre—i fiecantt liberal t, tercl.anee—he (the
President) finally said to me, that Ihp business was in my
Jnm'U: thai upon rr,y shoulders rested the responsibility;
and r-n mu decision depended the conclusion of the negotta-
I'Ve,"
T''is iW.l'iiatino, so au'henth siPv med1 at Boston, has since
been ronuadictedby its au-horat New York, bti' the papers
communicated to the Senate show that the Boston statement
was correct, and that the whole business was in the hands of the
Secretary.
