August, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It
27th Cohg 3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate,
I proceed to the omitted subjects; and here the ob-
jections to the treaty are fully as great for what it
omits as for what it contains. The special mission
came gloriously heralded as a mission of peace—
to settle everything; and to give a new point of de-
parture to the inhabitants ot two great countries in
the walks of social, commercial, and political in-
tercourse, It has only settled part; leaving four
subjects out of seven to be pursued at London, with
vastly diminished prospects of success; and pro-
ducing all the effect of a separate treaty with a
part of the confederacy, and that at the moment
when British legislation had given a separate trade,
and virtually a free trade, to this same part, in the
great staples of grain and provisions. The mis-
sion of peace has given a separate peace to the
Northern States: the new corn law has give* them a
separate trade; and the American citizen is very
differently constituted from what- I am, who can
believe these coincidences to be the effect of acci-
dent, or a cause for joy in the American Union.
The omitted or pretermitted subjects are four:
the Columbia river—impressment—the outrage on
the Caroline—and the liberation of American
slaves, carried bv violence or misfortune into the
British West India islands, or enticed into Can-
ada. Of these, 1 begin wiili the Columbia, be-
cause equal in importance to any, and, from po-
sition, more particularly demanding my attention.
The country on this great river is ours: diplomacy
has endangered its title: the British have the pos-
session, and have repulsed us from the whole'ex-
tent of its northern shore, and from all the fur
region on both sides of the river, and up into all the
valleys and gorges of the Rocky mountains. Our
citizens are beginning to go there; and the seeds
of national contestation between the British and
Americans are deeply and thickly sown in that
quarter. From the moment that we discovered it,
Great Britain has claimed this country; and for thirty
years past this claim has been a point of contested
and deferred diplomacy, in which every step taken
has been a step for the benefit of her claim, and for
the injury of ours. The germe of a war lies there;
and this mission of peace should have eradicated
that germe. On the contrary, it does not notice it!
Neither the treaty nor the correspondence names
or notices it! and it' it were not for a meagre and
stinted paragraph in the President's message, com-
municating and recommending the treaty, we
should not know that the name of the Oregon had
occurred to the negotiators. That paragraph is in
these words:
"After sundry informal coinmnnii'ations with the lit ui-h
minister upon the snbjectof (hi; of the two commies to
territory west of the Reeky mountain^, so little probability
was fount! to exist of tomie^ to any agreement on that subpet
at present, that it was not thought expedient to make it one of
the subjects of fonnal negotiation, to tie entered upon between
this Government and the iJrinsh ministei, as part of his du-
ties under his special mission."
This is all that appears in relation to a disputed
country, equal ill extent to the Atlantic portion of
the old thirteen United States; superior to them in
climate, soil, and configuration; adjacent to the
valley of the Mississippi; fronting Asia; holding
the key to the North Pacific ocean; the only coun-
try fit for colonization on the extended coast of
Northwest America; a country which belongs to
the United States bv a title as clear as their title
to the District of Columbia; which a resolve of
Congress, during Mr. Monroe's administration,
declared to be occluded against European coloniza-
tion; which Great Britain is now colonizing; and
the title, to which has been a subject of diplomatic
discussion for thirty years. This is all that is heard
of such a country, and such a dispute, in this mis-
sion of peace, which was to settle everything. To
supply this omission, and to erect some barrier
against the dangers of improvident, mditlerent,
ignorant, or treacherous diplomacy in future nego-
tiations in relation to this great country, it is my
purpose at present to state our title to it, and, in
doing so, to expose the fallacy of the British preten-
sions; and thus to leave in. the bosom of the Senate,
and on the page of our legislative history, the
faithfyl evidences of our right, and which shall
attest our title to all succeeding generations.
Our title to this -;reat adjrnct domain re.-ts upon
eight points, almost any one ol which is sufficient
to vindicate it. They are:
1. The discovery of the Columbia river, at its
mouth, in 1790, by Claptain Gray of Boston; and the
imposition of the'American name of his ship upon
. it: a discovery which enured to the benefit of his
country, and a name which attested its posses-
sion and sovereignty.
2. The discovery of the same river, at its head,
and thence to its mouth in the ocean, by Lewis and
Clarke, under the authority of the United States, in
the years 1804-5.
' 3. The settlement at the mouth of the river in
1811, tinder the auspices of Mr. Astor, of New
York, a citizen of the United States, and whose
settlement enured to the benefit of his country.
4. The treaty of 1803 with the French republic;
by which the United States acquired Louisiana,
and with it an open question of boundaries to the
northwest.
5. The treaty of 1819 with the King of Spain;
by which the United States acquired all the rights
of Spam to the country north of 42 degrees beyond
the Rocky mountains.
6. The Nootka Sound contest, in 1790, between
Great Britain and Spain, and the treaty growing
out of it; by which Spain vindicated her title
against the British as far north as the latitude of
that, sound, in 50 degrees.
7. The treaty of Utrechl in 1714, between France
and England; by which the boundaries between
the French and British were settled in North
America; and this settlement becoming ours, as
successors to the French in that part of her do-
minions.
8. The treaty of Ghent in 181-t; by which Great
Britain restored Astoria to the United States as an
American possession.
By these several titles, the United States have
collected into their own hands all the rights de-
rived from first discovery, and from first settle?
ment, reinforced by all the claims of France and
Spain. It is not my purpose to discuss, but merely
to state these titles. The facts on which they rest
are generally known to the country, except so far
as they are derivable from the Nootka Sound ami
Utrecht treaties; and on these two points I feel
called upon to make the statements, and to give
the elucidations, which manifest their application
to our question of title.
The treaty of Utrecht, between France and
England, as all the world knows, was the treaty
which put an end to the wars of Clueen Anne
and Louis the 14tn, and settled their differences in
America as well as in Europe. Both England and
France were at that time large territorial posses-
sors in North America—the English holding Hud-
son's Bay and New Britain, beyond Canada, and
her Atlantic colonies on this siffe'ol it; and France
holding Canada and Louisiana. These were vast
possessions, with unfixed boundaries. The tenth
article of the treaty of Utrecht provided for fixing
these boundaries. Under this article, British and
French commissioners were appointed to define
the possessions of the two nations; and by these
commissaries two great points were fixed, (not to
speak of others,) which have become landmarks
in the definition of boundaries in North America,
namelv: the Lake of the Woods, and the 49th
parallel ol north latunde west of that lake. These
two points were established above a century and
a quarter ago, as dividing the French and British
dominions m that quarter. As successful rebels,
we acquired one of these points at the end of the
Revolution. The treaty of independence of 1783
gave us tiie Lake of the Woods as a landmark m
the (then) northwest corner of the Union. As
successors to the French in the ownership of
Louisiana, we acquired the other; the treaty of
1803 having given us that province as France and
Spain had held it; and that was, on the north, by the
parallel of 49 deg rees. Beginning in the Lake of
the Woods, onr northern Louisiana boundary fol-
lowed the 49th parallel to the west. How fart is
now the important question; and I repeat the
words of the report of the commissaries, accepted
by their respective nations, when 1 answer—
"INDEFINITELY!" I quote the words of the re-
port when I answer, (omitting all the previous
parts of the line.) "to the latitude oj 1'j donees
north of the equator, and alow; that parallel in-
ihlinitdil to the icr.U.'' fA Senator asked wheie
all tin;- was found.] Mr. Benton. I find it in
(he slate papers ol France and England above_ an
hundred years ago, and in those of the United
States since the acquisition of Louisiana. I quote
now from Mr. Madison's instructions, when Sec-
retary of Stale under Air. Jefferson in IKH, t;i
Mr. Monroe, then our minister in London; and
given to him to fortify him in his defence of our
new acquisition. The cardinal word in this re-
port of the commissaries is the word "■indefi-
nitely;" and that word it was the object of the
British to expunge, from the moment that we
discovered the Columbia,- and acquired Loui-
siana—events which were of the same era in.
our history, and almost eotemporaneous. In the
negotiations with Mr. Monroe, (which ended in a
treaty, rejected by Mr. Jefferson without communi-
cation to the Senate,) the effort was 'to limit the
line, and to terminate it at the Rocky mountains;
well knowing that if this line was suffered to con-
tinue indefinitely to the west, it would deprive them
of all they wanted; for it would strike'the ocean
three degrees north of the mouth ofthe Columbia.
Without giving us what we were entitled to by the
right of discoveries, and as successors to Spain, it
would still take from Great Britain all that she
wanted—which was the mouth of the river, its har-
bor, the position which commanded it, and its right
bank, in the rich and timbered region oftide-watgr.
The line on the 49th parallel would eut her off
from all these advantages; and, therefore, to muti-
late that line, and stop it at (he Rocky mountains,
immediately became her inexorable policy. At
Ghent, in 1814, the effort was renewed. The com-
missioners of the United States and those of Great
Britain could not agree; and nothing was done. At
London, in 1818, the effort was successful; and in
the convention then signed in that city, the line of
the treaty of Utrecht was stopped at the Rocky
mountains. The country on the Columbia was
laid open for ten years to the joint occupation of
the citizens «nd subjects of both powers; and, af-
terwards, by a renewed convention at London, this
joint occupation was renewed indefinitely, and un-
til one of the parties should give notice for-its ter-
mination. It is under this privilege of joint occu-
pation that Great Britain has taken exclusive pos-
session of the right bank ofthe river, from its head
to its mouth, and also exclusive possession of the
fur-trade on both sides of the river, into the heart
of the Rocky mountains. Mr. friend and colleague
[Mr. Linn] has submitted a motion to require the
President to give the stipulated notice for the ter-
mination of this convention—a convention so un-
equal in its operation, from the inequality of title
between the two parties, and from th'e organized
power of the British in that quarter, under the
powerful direction of the Hudson's Bay Fur Com-
pany. Thus our title as far as latitude 49, so
valid under the single guaranty of the treaty of
Utrecht, without looking to other sources, has
been jeoparded by this improvident convention; and
the longer it stands, the worse it is for us. The
article is in these words:
t:It is agreed that any country that may tie claimed by either
party on the northwest coast of America, westward of the
Stony mountains, shall, together with its harbors, bays, and
creeks, and the navigaion of all rivers within the same, tie free
and open lor the term of ten years from the date of the signature
of this convention, to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the
twopoweis; it being well understood that this agreementis not
to be construed to the prejudice of any claim which cither of tiie
two hi^h contracting pal ties may have to any part of said coun-
tiy; noi shall it be taken to affect the claims of any other power
or State to any part of the said country; the only object of ttie
biffh coritrac'in^ parlies, in that respect, being to prevent dis-
putes and difleiences amongst themselves." (Article hi.)
The faults of this article are three, namely:
1. Ia assuming that there were divers harbors,
bays, creeks, and navigable rivers west of the
Rockv mountains, some belonging to the United
States, and some to Great Britain; and that mu-
tuality of benefits was conferred by giving to each
party access to these waters of the other. Even if
such different ownerships of different waters had
existed in that quarter, it would have been the ready
way to generate disputes, instead of preventing
them, to throw open the gates of each to the en-
trance of the other. But there was no such sepa-
rate and respective ownership. There was but one
owner of bays, harbors, creeks, and navigable riv-
ers in that qnarlcr: and that owner was the Uni-
ted States; and lis ownership only applied to one
harbor, one hay, one creek, and one navigable riv-
er in that quarter; and all these four descriptions of
waters resolved themselves into one single stream
and its estuary—the Columbia river. This was
perfectly we!) known at the time—the navigator,
Vancouver, and the fur-trader, Sir Alexander Me-
Kenzie, having both finished their explorations, and
reported the Columbia river to be the only naviga-
ble stream in all that coast; and the harbor at its
mouth as being (he only one that communicated
with the interior of the continent. The British,
then, by the terms of the convention, got possession
of our harbor and our river, while they had neither
