IS
;r inVnT^r.'^ ,r
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifci.
August, 1849.
Tth Cong -.3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
harbor nor river for us to possess; and thus a treaty
p'jual and fair in its terms, became unequal and un-
lair in its operation.
2. The second fault of the treaty was in admit-
ting an organized arid powerful portion of the Brit-
ish people to come into possession of our territo-
ries jointly with individual and disconnected pos-
sessors on our part. The Hudson's Bay Company
held dominion there on the north of our territories.
They were powerful in themselves, perfectly or-
ganized, protected by their Government, united
with it in policy, and controlling all the Indians
from Canada and the Rocky mountains out to the
Pacific ocean, and north to Baffin's Bay. This
company was admitted, by the convention of 1818,
lo a joint possession with us of all our territories on
|he Columbia river. The effect was soon seen.
Their joint possession immediately became ex-
clusive on the north bank of the river. Our fnr-
traders were all driven from beyond the Rocky
mountains; then driven out of the mountains;
more than a thousand of them killed: forts were
built; a chain of posts established to communicate
with Ganada and Hudson's Bay; settlers intro-
duced; a colony planted; firm possession acquired;
and, at the end of the ten years when the joint
possession was to cease, the intrusive possessors,
protected by their Government, refused to go—be-
gan to set up title—and obtained a renewal of
the convention, without limit of time, and until
they shall receive notice to quit. This renewed
•convention was made in 1828; and, instead of
joint possession with us for ten years, while we
should have joint possession with them of their
livers, bays creeks, and harbors, for the same time
—instead of this, they have had exclusive posses-
sion of our territory, our river, our harbor, and
our creeks and inlets, foi above a quarter of a cen-
tury. They are establishing themselves as in a
•jpermanent possession—making the fort Vancouver,
■at the confluence of the Multnomah and Columbia,
in tide water, the seat of their power and opera-
tions.* The notice required never will be given
■while the present Administration is in power; nor
■obeyed when given, unless men are in power who
•will protect the rights and the honor of their coun-
try. The fate of Maine has doubled the dangers
of the Columbia, and nearly placed us in a posi-
tion to choose between WAR and INFAMY in
Telation to that river. '
3. The third great fault of the convention was,
3n admitting a claim on the part of Great Britain to
any portion of these territoi ies. Before that conven-
tion, she stated no claim; but asked a favor—the
favor of joint possession for ten years: now she sets
■up title. That title is backed by possession. Pos-
session among nations, as well as among individ-
uals, is eleven points out of twelve; and the bold
policy of Great Britain well knows how to avail
itself of these eleven points. The Madawaska
settlement has read us a lesson on that head; and the
success there must lead to still greater boldness else-
where. The London convention of 1818 is to the
Columbia, what the Ghent treaty of 1814 was to
Maine; that is to say, the first false step in a game
in which we furnish the whole stake, and then
play for it. In Maine the game is up. The bold
" ■'This fort is tin ihe noith side of the Columbia, nearly on-
TXW.IO the mouth of the Multnomah, m the region of title water
an I near the head of  hip navigation. Itisa ji and position, both
in ami itary ant! commercial point of view, anil formed to com-
Itwml the whole region traleied liy the Columbia and its tribu-
taries. 1 he lurimiwling country, both m climate and soil is
capable of sustaining a larne population; and u« lesourees in
timber give ample facilities loi ship-building. This post in for-
tifieil wilh cannon: and, having been selec'c,Us the pnncinal
or master position, no pa ns have been spared to strengthen and
improve it. *or this purpose, the old pon near the mouth of
the river has been abandoned. About 120 acres 01 ground are
in cultivation: and the product in wheat, barley, oats, corn no-
tatoes, and other vegetables, is equal to what is known in the
best parts of the: Butted states Domestic animals are numer.
pus—the horned rattle having been stated to me„t 300 hoss
horses, sheep, and goals, m proportion; also, the usual domestic
men!'' ese,inhn"Ii,^" h ' lll<licau"e a Permanent establish-
ment. 8.up-building has commenced at this place O.ie vpi-
sel has luen built and rigged, sent to sea, and employed m the
to1! ft 0Cea<" 1 <l,s0 mel a Bentleman, on my vvav
i,h k Wninipec, at thepouage between the Columbia anil
Athabasca, who was on bis way tiom Hudson's Bay to Foi t Col-
Vllle, with a mastership c.aip.-ntcr, and who was destined for
uivl"co}"eri f"r the purpose of btnldms a ship of consul,
erable burden. Both gust and saw mills" have been built at
r Jrf Y?C0UhV®': W"h ,a"er' lhcy s'llv ,l!s "mber which is
t own "°e' ,ui! als0 for exportation to the Sand
with Islands, upon the fotmer, their wheat is manufactured in-
to flour. And, from all that I could learn, this important nest
is silently grown? up into a colony; and is, perhaps, intended
hJ J li e m'J"ar? a"d M'al Ma'ion, which was not expected
to be delivered up at the expiration of the treaty which eianterl
them a temporary and ioint possession."—itfajar Pitcher's re
fort tQ the Secrrnry 0/ }yir, Oct., 1830.
hand of Great Britain has clutched the stake; and
nothing but the courage of uur people will save the
Columbia fromthe-same catastrophe.
I proceed with more satisfaction to our title und?'
the Nootka Sound treaty, and can slate it in a feu
words. AH the world knows the commotion which
was excited in 1790 by the Nootka Sound contro-
versy between Great Britain and Spain. It was a
case in which the bullying ofEngland and the cour-
age of Spain were both tried to the ne plus ultra
point, -and in which Spanish courage gained the
victory. Of course, the British writers relate the
story in their own way; but the debates of the Par-
liament, and the terms of the treaty in which all
ended, show things as they were. The British,
presuming on the voyages of Captain Cook, took
possession of Nootka; the Spanish Viceroy of Mex-
ico sent a force to fetch the English away, and
placed them in the fortress of Acapuleo. Pitt de-
manded the release of his English, their restoration
to Nootka, and an apology for the insult to the
British Crown, in the violation of its territory and
the persons of its subjects; the Spaniard refused the
release, the restoration," and the apology, on the
ground that Nootka was Spanish territory, and that
they would fight for its possession. Then both parties
prepared for war. The preparations fixed the atten-
tion of all Europe. Great Britain bullied to the
point of holding the match over the touch-hole of the
cannon; but the Spaniards remaining firm, she re-
laxed, and entered into a convention which abne-
gated her claim. She acceptedfrom the Spaniards
the privilege of landing and building huts on the
unoccupied parts of the coast, ior the purpose of
fishing and trading; and while this acceptance nul-
lified her claim, yet she took nothing under it—not
even temporary use—never having built a hut,
erected a tent, or commenced any sort of settlement
on any part of the coast. Mr. Pox keenly reproach-
ed Mr. Pitt with the terms of this convention, be-
ing, .as he showed, a limitation instead of an ac-
quisition of rights. In the debates upon the Nootka
question, he said:
"Our right befoie was to settle in any part of the South or
Northwest coast of America not fortified against us by previous
occupancy; and we were now restricted to settle in certain
places only, and under certain restiicuons. This was an im-
portant concession on our part. Our right of fishing extended
to the whole ocean; and now it, too, was llmltei', and to be car-
ried on within certain limits of the Spanish settlements. Our
l ight of making settlements was not, as now, a right to build
huts; but to plant colonies, if we thought proper."
In such terms did Mr. Fox characterize the
Nootka treaty, and rightly; for it showed that, in
1790, the British ^ad no rights on the Northwest
coast^ of America; that they accepted from the
Spaniards, as a concession, the privilege of hunting
and fishing on that coast—a privilege which they
did not even use. It was not until we discovered
the Columbia, that she renewed a claim to any ter-
ritory on the Northwest coast; and though foiled
by the senile monarchy of Spain, even under the
feeble administration of Charles the IV and the
favorite Godoy, yet she expects to succeed against
our young and peace-loving Republic.
Nootka is in latitude 50—being four degrees
north of the mouth of the Columbia; and to that de-
gree did Spain assert and maintain her title against
Great Britain in 1790. But that wasnotthe extent of
her assertion of that right. Against the British
she asserted if to the whole extent of the coast;
against the Russians, (the only real claimants
wilh ourselves, in that quarter,) to latitude 55.'
Thus, as deriving from Spain, our title is good
against England throughout the coast; against Rus-
sia, to latitude 55. As denying under discoveries
and settlement, it is good against all the world to
the extent of the region diained by the waters'of
the Columbia river. We discovered the river from
its mouth to its source, took possession of it as our
territory, and, according to the laws of nations, have
a clear and valid title to it.
Our title is clear: that of the British is null. She
sets up none—that is, she states no derivation of
title -I here is not a paper upon the face of the
earth, m which a British minister has stated a title
or even a claim. They have endeavored to obtain
the country by the arts of diplomacy; but never
have stated a title, and never can state one. Thp
fur-trader fe ir Alexander McKenzie prompted
the acquisition, gave the reason for it, and never
pretended a title. His own discoveries gave no
title. They were subsequent to the discovery of
Captain Gray, and far to the north of the Colum
bia He never saw that river. He missed the
head sources of it, fell upon the Tatovche Tcae
and struck the Pacific in a latitude 500 miles (by
the coast) to the north of the Columbia. His sub-
sequent discoveries were all north of that point.
He was looking for a communication with the sea—
for a river, a harbor, and a place for a colony—
within the dominions of Great Britain; and, not
finding any, he boldly recommended his Govern-
ment to seize the Columbia river, to hold it, and
to expel the Americans from the whole country
west ot the Rocky mountains. This is what he
said. I quote from his History of the Fur-Trade:
"The Russian?, who first discovered that along (hecoasts of
Asia no ueefu! or regular nawgation existed, opened an interior
communication by rivers, &c., and through that long and wide
ex'erided continent, to tliestiaitthat separates Asia from Ameri- '*
ca, over which they passed to ihe American continent. Our
situation is at length in some degree similar to theirs—the non-
existence of a practicable by sea, and the existence of
one through the continent, are clearly proved; and it requires
only the countenance and support of the British Government
to increase, in a very ample proportion, this national advantage,
and secure the trade of that country to its subjects. * '
* * * By the rivers which discharge them-
selves into Hudson's Bay, at Port Nelson, it is proposed to carry
on the tradu to their source at the lie.td of the Sdhkatchiwine
rtvpr, whirh rises in the Rocky mountains, not ei«ht degrees of
longitude from the Pacific ocean. The Columbia flowsfrom
the same mountains, and discharges itsplf into the Pacific in
north latitude 46 degrees 20 minutes. Both of them are capable
of receiving ships at their mouths, and are navigable throughout
for boats. ****** gut
whatevercomse may betaken from the Atlantic, the Colum*
biais the line of communication from the Pacificocean, point-
ed out by nature, as it is the only navigable river in the whole
extent of Vancouver's minute survey of the coast. Its banks
also form the fire? level country in all the southern extent of con-
tinental coast from Cook's entry; and, consequently, the most
noi them situation suited for the 1 esidence of a civilized people.
By opening this intercourse between ihe Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, and forming regular es-abl'shmertt9 through the interior,
and at both extremes, as well as along the coasts and islands,
the entire command ot the fur*frade of North America might
be obtained from latitude 45 to the pole, ^xcep' that portion of
it which the Russians have in the Pacific. To this maybe
added the fishing m both seas, and the markets m the four quar-
ters of the<dobe. t^uch v\ou]d be the field for commercial en-
terprise, and incalculable would be the produce of it, when sup-
ported by the operations of that credit and capital which Great
Britain so eminently possesses. Then would this country begin
to be remunerated for the expense it has sustained in discover-
ing and surveying the coast of the Pacific ocean, which is at
present left to American adventurers, who, without regularity
or capital, orihe desire of conciliating future confidence, loot
altogether to the interests of the moment Such adventurers
(and many of them, as I have been informed, have been very
successful) would instantly disappear before a well-regulated
trade. * * . * * * * Many
political reasons, which it is not necessary here to enumerate,
must present themselves to the mit.d of every man acquainted
with the enlaiged system and capacities of British commerce,
in supporf of the measures which I have biiefiy suggested as
promising the most important advantages to the trade of the
United Kingdom. ******
Let the line begin where it may on the Mississippi, it must be
continued west, till it terminates in the Pacific ocean to the south
of the Columbia river."
This was the recommendation of Sir A. McKen-
zie; and, upon this recommendation, and precisely
for the reasons, commercial and political, which
he gave, Great Britain has gone to work to wrench
it from us. And here let us trace her pretension-
f for title or claim it cannot be called;) let us trace
this pretension, and mark its exact parallel to the
movement upon Maine. It was in London, In
1818, that the British Government first discovered
its disposition to obtain this country. The river
and the harbor at its mouth, were what they wanted-
and, as the north bank would give them the com-
mand of the whole, thev generously offered to di-
vide by thp river: they taking the north half, we
the south. As this was the commencement of their
pretention, it will be risht to give theriS the benefit
of their own words. This we can do authentically*
for, in those days, protocols were kept: and the
American commissioners (Messrs. Gallatin and
Rush) thus report the pretensions of Great Britain
through her commissioners, (Messrs. Robinson and
Go^'fcnrne:
h ,t former voyages, and principally that of Capt. Cook,
gay m O.ear Bntain the rights deliver) from discovery
am 'Uy .Minded to purchases from the natives souih of the
(otuin.o.iriver, which theyalltgcd to have beer made prior to
the Anvr'can Revolution. They chd not make any formal
prop;citio,! fora boundary: but intimated 'hat the river itself
wa-une most convenient thai could he adopted; aod that they
woi.id not ametoany winch did notsive them tht.haibor at
in(,u'h of the river, in common with the United States."
This was the state of the pretension in London,
,'J-n ^ashington, at the same time, it was
quite different; but jiM about as strong. It so hap-
peneu that, while the convention was in progress in
London, the Government of the United States at
Washington was fitting out a vessel, and despatch-
ing an agent to the mouth of the Columbia, to
reeeive the possession of Astoria, deliverable under
tne Uhent treaty. Mr, Bngot was then British min-
ister at Washington; anil, on being applied to for a
letter of instructions to the officer in command at
Astoria—the name changed by the British to that of
