Aag St,184g.
APPENDIX TO THfc CONGRB88IONAL GLOBE.
19
27th Cokg****3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Fort George—he declined to give it; claimed the
country as British property; and, being ignorant of
the grounds of claim set up ia London—namely,
Cook's voyages, and Indian sales before the Revo-
lution—he took position on three other grounds;
namely, under the Nootka treaty, McKenzie's dis-
coveries, and as a conquest during the war. And
upon these pretensions the British claim has rested,
until possession has made them bold enough to ex-
clude it from the subjects of formal negotiation be-
tween the two countries. The peace-mission re-
fused us peace on that point. The Piesident tells
us that there is "no probability of coming to any
agreement at presentThen when can the agree-
ment be madel If refused now, when is it to come'!
Never, until weshow that we prefer war to ignomin-
ious peace.
I do not comment on these pretensions. They
are too empty,and too contradictory, for remark—
Cook's discoveries—Indian sales before the Revolu-
tion—the Nootka sound treaty—McKenzie's re-
searches—the conquest during the war! Why, sir,
Cook never saw that coast; the country belonged to
the Spaniards before the Revolution; Nootkasound
was a Spanish triumph; McKenzie struck the ocean
500 miles to the north; and the war conquest was
on a level with the conquest of Castme and De-
troit. No, sir, no. Great Britain relies on her
own audacity, and on our mercantile love of peace.
Her title is her mil and her arms! and Jience-
forth she will not deign to name any other. Hav-
ing got from us all she wanted; having got the
strong military frontier which covers Q,uebec and
commands Maine; and having conciliated all the
Northern States by surrendeis of territory, and a
free trade in grain and provisions;—having done all
this, she is ready to put the West, and the South
also, at defiance ! and trust to her arms and au-
dacity to supply the place of negotiation.
This is the British title to the Columbia, and the
only one that she wants for anything. It suits her
to have that river: it is her interest to have it: it
strengthens her, and weakens others, for her to
have it; and, therefore, have it she will. This is
her title, and this her argument, Upon this title
and argument, she gets a slice from Maine, and
gains the mountain barrier which covers Quebcc;
and, upon this title and aigument, she means to
have the Columbia river. The events of the late
war, and the application of steam power to ocean
navigation, begat her title to the country between
Halifax and Quebec, the suggestions of McKenzie
begat her title to the Columbia. Improvident di-
plomacy on our part, a war countenance on her
part, and this strange treaty, have .given success
to her pretensions in Maine: the same diplomacy,
and the same countenance, have given her a foot-
hold on the Columbia. It is for the Great West
to see that no traitorous treaty shall abandon it to
her. The President, in his message, says that
there was no chance tor any "agreement'' about it
at present; that it would not he made the subject of
a "formal negotiation'' at present; that it could not
be included m the duties of the "special mission."
Whyso"! The mission was one of peace, and to
settle everything; and why omit this pregnant
question'! Was this a war question, and therefore
not to be set'led bv the peace mission"! Why not
come to an agreement now. if agreement is ever
intended'! The answer is evident No agreement
is ever mtendtd. Contented with her possession,
Great Britain wants delay, that time may ripen
possession into title, and lortonate even's facilitate
her designs. My colleague and myself were
sounded on this point: our answers forbade the
belief that we would comp'omise or sacrifice the
rights and interests of our country; and this may
have been the leason why there were no " fonnoX"
negotiations in relation to it. Had we been "soft
enough.," tbeie might have been an agreement lo
divide our country by the river, or, to refer the
whole title to the decision of a friendly soveieiqn !
We were not soft enough for thai; and if such a
paper, marked B, and identified with the initials
of our Secretary, had been sent to :h« Missouri
'delegation, as was sent to the Maine commission-
ers, instead of subduing us to the purposes of Great
Britain, it would have received from the whole
delegation the answer doe to treason, to cowardice,
and to insolence.
But, it is demanded, what do we want with this
country, far off from u<-1 I answer by asking,
in my'turn; what do the British want wUh it, who
are so much further off! They want it for the fur-
trade; for a colony; for an outlet to the sea: for
the communication across the continent; for a road
to Asia; for the command of 140,000 Indians against
us; for the port and naval station which is to com-
mand the commerce and navigation of the North
Pacific ocean, and open new channels of trade with
China, Japan, Polynesia, and the great East. They
want it for these reasons; and we want it for the
same; and because it adjoins us, and belongs to us,
and should be possessed by our descendants, who
will be our friends; and not by aliens, who will be
our enemies.
Forty years ago, it was written by Humboldt
that the valley of the Columbia invited Europeans
to found a fine colony there; and, twenty years ago,
the American Congress adopted a resolve, that, no
part of this continent was open to European colon-
ization. The remark of Humboldt was that of a
sagacious European; the resolve of Congress was
the work of patriotic Americans, It remains to be
seen which will prevail. The convention of 1818
has done us the mischief; it put theEuropean power
in possession, and possession with nations, still
more than with individuals, is the main point in
the contest. It will require the Western pioneers to
recover the lost ground; and they must be encour-
aged in the enterprise by liberal grant of lands,
by military protection, and bv Governmental au-
thority. It is time for the bill of my colleague lo
pass. The first session of the first Congress under
the new census should pass it. The majority will
be Democratic, and the Democracy will demand
that great work at their hands. I put no faith in
negotiation. I expect nothing but loss and shame
from any negoiiation in London. Our safety is in
the energy of our people; in their prompt occupa-
tion of the country; and in their invincible determi-
nation to maintain their rights.
I do not dilate upon the value and extent of this
great country. A word suffices to display both.
In extent, it is larger than the Atlantic portion of
the old thirteen United States; in elimate, softer; in
fertility, gfeater; in salubrity, superior; in position,
better, because ftontmg Asia, and washed by a
tranquil sea. In all these particulars, the western
slope of our continent is far more happy than the
eastern. In configuration, it is inexpressibly fine
and grand—a vast oblong square, with natural
boundaries, and a single ga.teway into the sea The
snow-crrpped Rocky mountains enclose it to the east,
an iron-bound coast on the west: a frozen desert on
the north, and sandy plains on the south. All its
rivers, rising on the segment of a vast circumfer-
ence, run to meet each other in the centre; and then
flow together into the ocean, through a gap iu the
mountain, where the heals of summer and the
colds of winter are never felt, and where southern
and northern diseases are equally unknown. This
is the valley of the Columbia—a country whose
every advantage is crowned by the advantages of
position and configuration: by the unity of all its
parts—the inaccessibility of its borders—and its
single introgression to the sea. Such a country is
formed for union, wealth, and strength. It can
have butone capital, and that will be a Thebes; but
one commercial emporium, and that will be Tyre,
queen of cities. Such a country can have but one
people, one interest, one government: and that peo-
ple should be American—that interest ours—and
that government republican. Accursed and in-
tamous be the man that divides or alienates it!
But, it i? demanded, will you add this great conn,
try to this great Union, already too large in the
opinion of many'! I answer that question as M r.
Jefferson answered it forty years ago. I say, No1
But, like him, J also say, I would keep the Euro-
pean out of it. 1 would plant the American in ii,
I would nui tnre and sustain him m his infancy;
and when old enough to take carc of himself, 1
would part trom him, as the father parts from his
manly son—with benedictions, with aid, and with
injunctions never to forget what is due to his parent.
Impressment is another of the omitted subjects.
This having been a cause of war in 1812, and being
now declared, by the American negotiator, to be a
sufficient cause for future wars, it would naturally,
to my mind, have been included m the labors ot
a special mission, dedicated to peace, and extolled
lor its benevolent conception. We would have ex-
pected to find such a subject, after such a dec-
laration, mcludcd in the labors of such a mis-
sion. Not so the fact. -The treaty does not men-
tion impressment. A brief paragraph in the Presi-
dent's message inlorms us that there was a coires-
pondence on this point, and, on turning to this
correspondence, we actually find two letters on the
subject: one from Mr. Webster to Lord Ashbur-
ton—one from Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster-
both showing, from their dates, that they were
written after the treaty was signed; and, from their
character, that they were written for the public,
and not for the negotiators. The treaty was signed
on the 9th of August; the letters were written on
the 8th and 9th of the same month. They are a
plea, and a reply; and they leave the subject pre-
cisely where they found it. From their date and"
character, they seem to be what the lawyers call
thzposlea—that is to say, the afterwards-, and are*
very properly postponed to the end of the docu-
ment containing the correspondence, where they
find place on the 120th page. They look ex post
facto there; and, putting all things together, it would
seem as if the American negotiator had_said to the
British lord, (after the negotiation was over:) My
Lord, here is impressment—a pretty subject for a
composition; the people will love to read something
about it; so let us compose. To which, it would
seem, his Lordship had answered: You may com-
pose as much as you please for your people; I leave
that'field to you: and when you are done, I will
write three lines for my own Government, to let it
know that I stick to impressment. In about this
manner, it would seem to me that the two letters
were got up; and that the American negotiator in
this little business has committed a couple ot the
largest laults: first, in naming the subject<6>f im-
pressment at all! next, in ever signing a treaty,
after having named it, without- an unqualified re-
nunciation of the pretension !
Sir, the same thing is not always equally proper.
Time and circumstances qualify the proprieties of
international, as well as of individual intercourse;
and what was proper and commendable at* one
time, may become improper, reprehensible, and de-
rogatory at another. When George the Third, In
the first article of his first treaty with the United
States, at the end of a seven years' war, acknowl-
edged them to be free, sovereign, and independent
States, and renounced all dominion over them,
this was a proud and glorious consummation for
us, and the crowning mercy of a victorious rebel-
lion'. The same acknowledgment and renuncia-
tion from Glueen Victoria, at present, would be an
insult for her to offer—a degradation for us to ac-
cept. So of this question'of impressment. It was
right in all the administrations previous to the late
war, to negotiate for its renunciation. But after
having gone to war for this cause; after having sup-
pressecUhe practice by war; after near thirty years'
exemption from it;—after all this, for oar negotia-
tor to put the question in discussion, was to com-
promise our rights! To sign a treaty without its
renunciation, after having proposed to treat about
it, was to relinquish them! Our negotiator should
not have mentioned the subject. If mentioned to
him by the British negotiator, he should have re-
plied, that the answer to that pretension was. in the
cannon's mouth!
[Several Senators exclaimed, Yes! in the ean-
non's mouth!]
But to name ilhimself, and then sign without re-
nunciation, and to be invited to London to treat
about it;—to do this, was to descend from our posi-
tion; to lose the benefit of the late war; to revive
the question;' to invite the renewal of the practice,
by admitting it to be an unsettled question—and to
degrade the present generation, by admitting that
they would negotiate where their ancestors' had
fought. These are fair inferences; and inferences
not counteracted by the euphonious declaration
that Ihe American Government is "prepared to say"
that the practice of impressment cannot hereafter
be allowed to lake place!—as if, after great stud}',
wc had just arrived at that conclusion! and as if
we had not declared much more courageously in
the case of the Maine boundary, the Schlosser mas-
sacre, and the Creole mutiny and murder 1 The
British, after the experience they have had, will
know how lo value our courageous declaration,
and must pay due respect to our flag! For one, I
never liked these declarations, and never made a
speech in favor of any one of them; and now Hike
them less than ever, and ampreparedio put no further
faith in the declarations of gentlemen who were
for going to war for the smallest part of the Maine
boundary in 1838, and now surrender 300 miles
of that boundary for fear of war, when there is no
danger of war. 1 am prepared to say that I care not
a straw for the heroic declarations of such gentle-
men. I want actions, not phrases. I want Mr.
Jefferson's act in 1806—rejection of any treaty with
