20
27th Con&*,**3d
AlpPlMrore TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB%.
-Mr. Benton. *
August, 184ft.
The British Tre.aty-
Senate,
'Great Britain that does not renounce impressment!
And after having declared, by law, black -impress-
ment on the coast of Airica to b? piracy; after
s ipulating to send a fleet there, to enforce our law
against that impressment;—after this, I am ready
to do the same thing.against white impressment on
our own coasts, and on the high seas. lam ready
to enact that the impressment of my white fellow-
citizens out of an Americanship is an actofpiracy;
and then to follow out that enactment in its every
•consequence.
1 profess Jeffersonism, and wish to act up to the
profession; and here is a case to test the fidelity of
professors to the instructions" of that great master,
in the year tB67, he rejected, without even a refer-
ence to the Senate, the British treaty, which was
silent upon the subject of impressment. It was a
treaty of great moment, embraced many points,
and was intended to prevent the war which was
then impending; but impressment having been dis-
cussed, and no article being found in the treaty
-against if, Mr. Jefferson rejected it; and his answer
"u> Messrs. Monroe and Pinckney, returning the
treaty to them, should form the inexorable answer
of every American under the like circumstances.
That answer was drawn up by Mr. Madison, and
says; ■
"The President continues to regard this subject in the light
 n which H has been pressed on the juauce and friendship of
Great Britain. He cannot reconcile it with h-s duty to our
seafaring ciiizens, or with the sensibility or sovereignty of the
nation, to recognise, even constructively, a principle that
would expose on the high seas then* liberty—their lives—every-
thing, in a word, that is deal est to the human heart—*o the
capricious or Interested sentences which may be pronounced
against their allegiance by officers of a foreign government,
whom neither the laws of nations, nor the laws of iheirown
government, will allow to decide on the owneiship or charac-
ter of the minutest article ef property found m a like situation.
* * On these grounds the President is constrained
to decline any arrangement, formal or informal, which does
not comprise a provision against impressments from American
vessptaoo the high seas, and which would, notwithstanding,
o j a bar fo such legislative measures as Congress have thought
or may think proper to adopt, for controlling that species of ag-
gression. * " * Without a provision against impress-
tnent« , substantially such as is contemplated myour otiginal
. instructions, no treaty is to be concluded."
This was the language of Mr. Jefferson in 1807.
Still more should it be the language of his country
in 1842, when our strength is more than doubled;
when we have once refused to make a treatv, in
time of peace, without renunciation of impress-
ment; when we have had one war against it; arid
when thirty years' cessation of the practice had sunk
the pretension. Above all, it should have been
the language in 18-12, when the special mission
came heralded with the beatitude of peace, author-
ized to settle everything, and seeking sacrifices
from us, which should, at the least, have command-
ed justice from her. Instead of this, what was the
language? And hero justice to the parties requires
that each should be allowed to speak for himself.
Listen to {hem.
President Tyler says:
•'The impressment of seamen (iotn merchant vessels of this
country, by British crmsei-rf, although not'practised m time of
peace, and. therefore, not at present a productive cause of dif-
ference and irritation, has, nevertheless, hitherto heen so prom-
inent a topic of controversy, ami ih bo likely to bring on renew-
ed contentions at the first breaking out of a Eutopean war,
that ithas been thought the part, of wisdom now to t ke it into
serious and earnest'eonsiaeration. The letter from the Secre-
tary of State to the HritNh miniver evplaina (he ground which
the Oovotnm?pt has Hymned, and the principles which it
means fo uphold. For the defence of the-e giounds, and the
maintenance of these purciple*, the inosc perfect reliance is
placed on Use intelligence of the America'; people, and on their
firmness and patiiousm, m whatever touches ihe honor of the
country, or its ai^at and essentia! mtetests "
Mr. Webster says:
"In the calm and quiet which have succeeded the late war—a
condition s> favorable foi dispassionate consideration—England
herself has evidently seen the harshness of impressment, evtn
when exercised on seamen in her own merchant service; and
she has adopted measure calculated, if not to renounce the
power or to abolish the. procure, yet, at least, to supersede its
necessity, by other means of maiming the loval navy more
compatible vsub justice, and the lights of individuals, and lar
more conformable to the spirit and s< rmmrn«sof the ase
"Under th'-se circumstances, the Government of 'heXJniied
States has used the occasion of your Lordship's pacific'missmri
to review this whole subject, ami to bung it to your notice and
that of your Government. It has reflected on the past ponder-
ed the condition of the present, and endeavored to anticipate so
far as might be m its power, the probable futnie; and I am
now to communicate to your I-nuMim ihe ieiult of thee de-
liberations.
"The American Government, then, is prepared to say that
the practice of tmpre^mf? stamen from Ammcan vessels can-
not hereafter be allowed ;o take place. That piactice is
founded on principles which it does not iecogni<*e; and la inva-
riably attended by ccnpequences po ui.iust, so injuiiou^, and of
auch formidable magnitude, as cannot be submitted to "
"This announcement U not made, my Lord, to revive useless
recollections of the past, nor to stir the embers from fires which
have been, in a great degree, smothered by many years of
peace Far otherwise. I«s purpose is to extinguish those
fires effectually, berore new incidents *ri8<* ru fan them into
flame. The communication is m the spr..r; f peace, ana .or
the sake of peace; and spring* from a deep und conscientious
convic.ion that high interests of both m «ms require that
this so-long-comested and comrov rted subp.i shonlo now be
finally put to rest. 1 persuade myself, my Lord, that you wnl
do justice to this frank and sincere avowal of motives, and
that you will communicate your"sentiments m this respect to
your Government- _ . .
"This letter closes, my Lord, on my part, our official cor-
respondence; aad I gladly use the occasion to offer yon the
assurance of ray high and sincere regard."
Lord Ashbuitonanswers:
"I am well aware that the laws of our two countries maintain
opposite principles respecting Hllegut.ee to the sovereign
America, receiving, eveiy year, by thousands, the emigrants o(
Europe, maintains the doctune, suitable to her conditu n, of the
right of tiansfeinrig allegiance at will. Tne laws of Great
Brit.nn have maintained, fiom 4,11 time, the opposite doctrine.
The dunes of allegiance are held to be mdefeadbl-; and it is
believed that this doctrine, under various modifications,
prevails in rnos*, if not in all, the civilized States ol Eu-
rope."
''The very anomalous condition of the two countries with re-
lation to each other here creates a serious difficulty. Our peo-
ple ate not distinguishable; ami, owing to the peculiar habits
of sailors, our voxels aie very generally manned from a com
mon stock. It ir> difficult, under ihefe circumstances, to execute
laws which at times have been'honght to be essential for the
existence of theconmiy, withoutn^k of u,|ui) toother?. Hie
extent and importance of those lojoi m-s, however, are *o formi-
dable, that it is admitted that some remedy should, if possible, he
applied: ai all events, it must be fairly and honestly attempted.
It is true that, dunne the continuance of peace, no practical
grievance can arise; but it is also true that it is, for that reason,
the proper season for the calm and deliberate consideration of
an important subject I have much rea&on to hope that a satis-
factory arrangement respecting it may be made, so as to sft at
rest all apprehension and anxiety; and I wiil only funher re-
peat (he assurance of the sincere disposition of my Govern-
ment favoiably to consider all matteis having lor their ob|ect
the promoting and maintaining undisturbed kind and friendly
feelings with the United States.
"I beg, su, on this occasion of closing the correspondence with
you connected with my mission, to express the satisfaction I
feel at its successful termination, and to assure you of my high
consideration and peisonal esteem and regard."
This is the correspondence: and what a corres-
pondence it is! What an exchange of phrases!
One denies the right of impressment: the other af-
firms it. Both wish for an amicable agreement;
but neither attempts to agree. Both declare the
season of peace to be the proper time to settle this
question; and both agree that the present season of
peace is not the convenient one. Our Secretary
rises so high as to declare that the administration
"is now prepared" to put its veto on the practice: the
British negotiator shows that his Government is still
prepared to resume the practice whenever her in-
terest requires it. Onr negotiator hopes that his
communication will be received in the spirit of
peace: the British minister replies, that it will. Our
Secretary then persuades himself that the British
minister will communicate his sentiments, m this
respect, to his own Government- his Lordship prom-
ises it faithfully. And, thereupon, they shake
hands and part.
How different this holyday scene from the
firm and virile language of Mr. Jefferson: "No
treaty to be signed without a provision against im-
pressment;" and this language backed by the fact of
the instant rejection of the treaty so signed! Lord
Chatham said o(Magna Ckaita, that it was home-
ly Latin, but worth all the classics. So say 1 of
this reply of Mr. Jefferson: it is plain English,
but worth all the phrases which rhetoric could
ever expend upon the subject. It is theonlv an-
swer which our Secretary negotiator should have
given, alter committing the fault of broaching the
subject. Instead of that, he commences rhetorician,
new vamps old arguments, writes largely and pret-
tily, and loses the question by making it debatable.
His adversary sees his advantage, and seizes it.
He abandormhe field of rhetoric to the lawyer ne-
gotiator; puts in a fresh claim to impressment;
saves the question from being lost by non-user: re-
establishes the debate, and adjourns it to London
He keeps alive the pretension of impressment
againstns, the white race, while binding us to go
to Africa to fight "it down for the black race; and
has actually left us on lower ground, in relation to
this question, than we stood upon before the late
war. If this treaty is ratified, we must begin where
we we; e m 1806, when Mr. Monroe and Mr.
Pinckney went to London to negotiate against im-
pressment; we most begin where thev did, with the
disadvantage of having yielded to Great Britain
all that she wanted, and havinslost all our vantage-
ground in the negotiation. We must goto London,
engage in a humiliating negotiation, become the
spectacle of nations, and Ihe sport of diplomacy;
and wear out years in begging to b? spared from
British seizure, when sitting under fur own flag,
and sailing in our own ship: we must submit to all
this degradation, shame and outrage, unless Con-
gress redeems us from the condition into which we
have fallen, and provides tor the liberty^ of our
people on ilie seas, by placing American impress-
ment where African impressment has already been
placed—PIRACY BY LAW ! For one, I am
ready to vote the act—to execute it—and to abide
its every consequence.
The case of the Creole, as it is called, is another
of the omitted subjects. It is only one of a number
of cases (differing in degree, but the same in char-
acter) which have occurred within a few years,
and are becoming more frequent and violent. It is
the case of American vessels, having American
slaves on board, and pursuing a lawful voyage,
and being driven by storms or carried by violence
into a British port, and their slaves liberated by
British law. Tins is the nature of ihe wrong. It
is a general outrage, liable to occur in any part of
the British dominions, but happens most usually in
the British West India islands, which line the pas-
sage round the Florida reefs in a voyage between
New Orleans and the Atlantic ports. I do not
speak of the 12,000 slaves (worth, at a moderate
computation, considering they must be all grown,
and in youth or middle life, at least $6,000,000)
enticed into Canada, and "received with-the honors
and advantages due to the first class of emigrants.
I do not speak of these, nor of the liberation of
slaves carried voluntarily bv their owners into Brit-
ish ports: the man who exposes his property wil-
fully to the operation of a known law, should abide
the consequences to which he has subjected it. I
confine myself to cases of the class mentioned—
such as the Encomium, the Comet, the Enterprise,
the Creole, and the Hermosa—cases in Which
wreck, tempest, violence, mutiny, and murder were
the means of carrying the vessel into the interdict-
ed port, and in which the slave property, after being
saved to the owners from revolt and tempests, be-
came the victim and the prey of British law. It is
of such cases that I complain, and of which I say
that they furnish no subject for the operation of in-
jurious laws, and that each of these vessels should
have been received with the hospitality due to mis-
fortune, and allowed to depart with all convenient
despatch, and with all her contents of persons and
property. This is the law of nations: it is what
the civilization of the age requires. And it is not
to be tolerated in this nineteenth century that an
American citizen, passing from one port to another
of his own country, with property protected by the
laws of his country, should encounter the perils of
an unfortunate navigator in the dark ages, ship-
wrecked on a rude and barbarian coast, This is
not to be tolerated in this age, and by such a power
as the United States, and after sending a fleet to
Africa to protect the negroes. Justice, like char-
ity, should begin at home; and protection should he
given where allegiance is exacted. We cannot
tolerate the spoil and pillage of our own citizens,
within sight of out own coasts, after sending 4,000
miles u> redress the wrongs of the black race. But
if this treaty is ratified, it seems that we shall have
lo endure it, or seek redress by other means than
Regulation. The previous cases were at least ame-
liorated by compensation to their owners for the
liberation of the slaves; but in the more recent and
ino<t atrocious case of the Creole, there is no in-
demnity of any mind—neither compensation to the
owner*, whose property has been taken; nor apol-
ogy to the Government, \vho«e flag has been insult-
ed, ror security for the future, by giving up the
pr,:i_;ice._ A treaty is signed without a stipulation
of any kind on the subject; and, as it would seem,
to the satisfaction of those who made it, and of the
President, who sends it to us. A correspondence
has been had; the negotiators have exchanged dip-
lomatic notes on the subject; and these notes are
expected to be as satisfactory to the country as to
tho^e who now have the rule of it. The President,
m his message, says:
■ "Pn™r0 °f interference of (lie British authorities
in the v • est Indies a CO- fident hope i* entertained that the cor-
respon'enr.e which has uiken place, showing the grounds taken
n ^ Government, and ihe fwgagtments ei.teied into by ihe
British minister, will he fomid sj.rh as to satisfy ihe jusr expec*
tation oi the people of the United States ''—Message^ Aug 9.
This is a short paragraph for so lare^e a subject;
but it is all (he mfs^nge contains But let us see
what it amounts to, and what it is that is expected
to satisfy the just expectations of the country. It is
the grounds taken in the correspondence, and the
engagements entered into by the British minister
