26
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2?TH CONG**"3D SE&S,
August, 1842.
The British Treaty—Mr Benton.
Senate-
which, if lawfully performed ill opeh warfare up-
on armed enemies, instead oi being piratically per-
petrated in profound peace upon sleeping victims;
an action which, as a military exploit, would have
disgracedthe military history of the sovereign Ab-
bess^ of Ciuedlinbuig, (whose contingent to the
armies of the German empire was one dragoon
and three foot soldiers;) this action is made the
theme of every praise, and the subject of every
hoaor. And why 1 For (he sake of the ac-
tion itself 1 No. The British are not so poor in
military exploits as to ^eek renown in such a cow-
ardly piece of assassination! Why, then, do they
honor, reward, and celebrate itl Because it was a
lesson to the people and to the Government of the
United States! Because it was a declaration to this
Republican Government, that if it was either not
able ornot willing to restrain its own citizens from
going into Canada, the Canadians would restrain
them! thatthev would cross the line and chastise
them! and if the United States said a word to the
Canadians; Greaf Biitain wou'd chastise the United
States! This is the reason. It js because McJNab
and his crew, in attacking the Caroline, attacked
the United States—smote its flag—struck its Gov-
ernment—struck the whole Union—and emphati-
cally said to us, they would chastise our citizens for
threw the unfortunate outbreak winch u>uk place in Canada.
[Lhcera.l lie called n outbreak, because he thought they would
agree with him, that, in imciing upon such an occasion as ihc
present, to do honor to Su AIImi M.-Nab, (hey ought n t to say
anytmngin iliat room, which could aiouf-i- any feelinjrol ho&.
ttlity onjhe part of any individual. jChe.cis.)
. % * Having lor the List throe tldja
been engaged ifc a'tenUitf* and -peaking at very hir^e meet)u"s
uJRlly lelt h,tjr,, !1 llUie impotent *ansUuH<>Miy to ihtchdrge
-no^fies ol tne oflioc lie hetd umlettaken; but he telt the utmost
satisfaction m h^aiih at chun dist.iuui-.hpii rw*t.
and he hoped, when he letuninho Canada, tic wuuhl assure the
loyal inhabitants iheie that Euahfhmcn locked upon them a*
fellow-subjects, follow emmnymen, and bioihers. v\ho**e para-
mount duty jt was to cultivate wattn leuling ot «ood will to-
•waras Pach other, tcheer.i,J ihaii-JnalioSimen telt (hey weieor.e
arid ail m the pame boat; and, whatever enemy Diisht arise to
threaten or to a^iil them, EugliMimen would maintain their
Cause, fengllaiimcn would piolcclanit defend them, Englishmen
Jfrould compliment and reward those who did their Canadian
breihfen service; foi >n so doms, they suppoi ted the flag oi Eng-
land, «uder winch Nelson triumphed, and Wellingtoncotiouoj--
ed, (Loud cheers ) * 1
m<mf1,181,1 WaS '''U"k WUh 'llrce l""™ lhrco' and onfi r'l""e''
Sir A. McNitli, ill Iis:n  lo i t'ppnmi lo ilic must, was received
?!, l0!ul'iiMnus l [,es.i!lnnt..f!i,-ei- s™ke a,
fo!fo\\h My Lord On.ve and e^nlieincn, the fi ii.uii'P iriannci
ln wlur.il ynu li.iv  pioin.v!! ,„y !ir;i!th, mul ihc ciriiiiRia m
Wit i ivhH'h It Ims lira, „T,;ud i.v 1||SI1,UU,..|,„1| a
as the pKsnm, demand n.y w.irtno-;! fii.ititiule lhou- how
over, 11., H)JI| vvUI Mievr tii.i- I .un     ,t, .upr,ve
that any sc-viwa which I,„.,y have r,n,|, ivl ,-,'liui to ih.j Colo-
ny fiom which I etuie, m Uwvmpiu of winch n Jouns a pair.
Could possibly entitle me to ihi* hi -hly lUuoiw- (tl!uk ot vum
retard. I ihoiufore mw\)]y ronndm ui^dt 0n (he nr. h ni oc
Cafjion, as thetoruinaie individual m wlmw- Wl.n UJtil
£ '* 10 hl' >,al 1 10 l0.v' :,y devo-
tion oi (he people <>t ( an.;da. [Chcn't.,] •
. „ *, . ! huve ll(nv ih« ciatifinujow of r.ublirly
att.l.inng in bug.and, that no wurvire cindil hd vc been rn'jie ihl
ticult, rnore dangerons. oi iwn-o eallanily periouiK cl, ihan die
S i. !! " cm,.loved II. suuordiul biibUiu iho-o
whi were m arms ag.un?t Inr Map siy; .ind] well know thnr [
exptws the^ntirneiifs ol the peopio ,d C.m.ula when I H.re
" ^° waid With iutens>« anxiety to mo the lovalty
and gal anh-y nj Captain I)iw;v; Qenet'U^ly lewardtd [Loud
Cheers. I They feci that he, m (in hour of eravo etnoiseney
rend-ted them a peat and impouant eei vice, wh'ch. <J)ovil
^^nMtmen^theynevorcrti1 foipet, or too Indd) iippreciJir
agdm to il.ai.k y.oi most s. n-'e^fy k-i ilie I,..nor von have do™
riK., and lipctc duo i,l iouI  , „d h.-al;)t; |i,oudchfni.]
B I) MtU0"S;.n 100 ",i,„ . ,wl„u
"• 11 ™unj'w of C.iruidd, - j vowing it as his opinion, Unit ihe
milnu oi W fc-Hi. ond il,c nThM, 4,,ie,„„ in," ,;;^
woufd, un lor a piopor o.-^c miz iiion, be hdly .?ulSciu.t to i!c-
loud themselve-' .<aain?t any enemies that nnsM threaten them"
In support of 'hi ? opinion, lie tu-jmpir-ntlv api'eal«>d to 'he py-
pioi<« perfou'icn with ho vehmte-is., bv then Uistm^mshed
guest, Sir Al'en McNab ' -ll8llea
The 'nastw^rf drunk wnh i'reat ^ordi'Ji'y
Mr. Viquhart then pro,-oayd "ti>> bed. i of ("inf.-tn ?>re'p
wh?S.Er,ali2ed h.o,,UI to man, .n th, „li ur of the Cai-..1„,,.V
T.heDu e of Richmond, bei.no (he toa.,[ ,Tds m-uni.-
too.1 the opp-innn'ty of rnonotm.-in? A t w(, oulr,Tm„, ',fle
gailan'vy and pw of U.at distinSu^ln.d nfli,-, r
Captain Drew, who was most enthusiastically rbp™l n
brief and extremely molest terms nUmmled.^ the eomrli.
men . lie cs| le^ed Ins  ieat oli'igauons for the kind and pal-
Mi mjnna m which Sir A Mr X*b had .pofcan of hii^t and ■!
thougn the speech 01 Ins disnosuiatied friend rai«ht lead them
f)auppo ethat, as yet, he had lerewd no iewaid fut ids- sc.
vices, he b gged to assure them that lie had couleued 'i 
lum a very gnat reward, m the approbation of so distir^umhed
a company aa the piesfut-as hish a rompiiin,-in as hi could
be paid for all he was enabled to iicform. [Cheers 1 But
that vva« noi enough, lie nji?ht say hia lemcoi ha I also b.'en
appteciatedand ackm-wledged by his niost gracious soveiei. r
He could not e.oi.cetve a hlfher compUinent. Tins fiatrte'i
hi? ambition, and left him nothing to complain of [Uhcm'l
It on any flituie oc-anon his set vices should bo ieqnir<-d,
approbaitonnf such a company as the present would irea.lv
etiniulate hira to still greaiev exertions in defence of her Maiesty
and her dominions. [Load cheers. J J '
us, and Gi'eat Britain would back them in doing it!
It is for this lesson, read in blood and flames to our
Government and people, that the assailants ol the
Caroline are honored. And blind is the American,
and dead to his country's honor, who does not see
this outrage in this atrocious lighl.
The fact of this supposed apology being disposed
of, I turn to the doctrines which "accompanied it,
and which I find most abundantly strange. The
Secretary adduces, and the President adopts ft, as a
further reason for dropping the affair of the Caro-
line, that the outrage was not recent—that it occur-
red four or five years ago. This seems to be a new
application of the principle of statutes of limitation,
with short time for it to take ciicct. Tewpus -non
currit has heretofore been the maxim among na-
tions; and, in the ease of the frigate Chesapeake, was
rigorously enforced against Great Britain, The at-
tack on that vessel was made on the 23d day of June,
1806: the apology for it was made on the 1st day of
November, 1811. Nearly five years and a half had
elapsed; but tcmpus currit, in the case of national
outrages, was not then the maxim of our Govern-
ment. Five years and a half was no bar at that
time. Only three yean; and a half have elapsed in
the case of the Caroline; and the outrage is barred
by time!
Again, the Secretary adduces, and the President
repeats it, as a further reason for dropping the com-
plaint, that the aggression happened in the time of
his predecessor. This is true- but is it a reason
for not redressing the wrong1? In the code of legit-
imacy in Europe, no notice is taken by the true
King, when restored to the throne, of the aggies-
sions upon the nation while the usurpers reigned—
such as INapoleon in France Murat in Naples Jo-
seph Bonaparte in Snain, and Louis in Holland.
Does modern Federalism apply the same priptiple
in the United States? It would see n so, from this
adduction as a reason for giving up the complaint—
that the outrage happened in the time of Mr. Van
Buren! It did so: but by what fatality mention
Mr. Van Buren's administration in connexion with
this affair, at the risk of reviving the recollection
ol Mr. Forsyth's noble letter to Mr. Fox, in Decern-
ber, 1840, and contrasting it with the craven epistle
of his successor to the same minister in March,
18-11'? Certainly, this is the first time in the histoiy
of our country that a change of adtnimstiation was
supposed to make a change in the rights of the
countr-; and the duties of the Government. It was
not so formerly, when the anoloay for the outrage
committed on" the Chesapeake 'in Sir. Jefferson's
time was redressed in Mi. Madison's. Bui, change '
change! change! was the signal-cry at the election;
and, God knows, we have got it—change enough—
change in everything, even in the code of public
honor, and in the catalogue of national duties.
The jut, belli doctrine is another, and the funda-
mental error ol our Secretary and the President
War has its laws and its rights; but they belong to
a state of war, and cannot be invoked in time of
peace. When Admiral Coekburn, during the late
war, sailed up and down the Chesapeake, burning-
cabins and pillaging hen-roosts,—these actl. though
very unbecoming civilized warfare, were still acts
done belli; lhat is to fay. in right of war. They
weie shielded by the laws of war; and the Virgin-
ia and Maryland coutis could not have punished
!h' marauders as offenders a-amst their law*, with-
out contravening the law of nations, and subjecting
us u, itpiisah. But let a British admiral try ihit
conduct in time of peace, and he will soon sec that
hie sovereign's assumption of his offence, and the
invocation of the jvs tclli, would he in vain nleaded
when the courb got hold of him. So of'this at-
tack on the Caroline: if war had existed betweea
the United States and Great Britain, the laws of
\\ ar would have shielded it: there being no war
the jus bdli is in vain appealed to. The assump-
tion of the act by the Sovereign, has no other effect
than to add another to the list of offenders; leavin"
the offended party to pursue either, or both, as ft
pleases * The nation is very silly that, hav:np; an
orumary culprit in its hands, winch it can punish
'• linwovcr, as ii is impossible for the he'-.nveulate.l State or
/<it I'jf vi^i.aiu unci ahsoiu'e ij-nve.vien, <o iood, i at h
plia.-uie all ilia actions of his subjec.-s mid f conflne*.'hem 'on
i v.y ni [■>,?!< n to Ihe mobt tx.,ct ..Ueih'.nc", it womu te unurs;
to in'pn'f t" tile lidtlC'iK.r'h.e S^vtit.-^n every (jtiii cnn,mn'taj
by the 11 2it s ^ e oneht not, thsn, to fav, m ?.veui :'■[
we have i.ciiwl an injury from a naiion, hdraitsr  „ 'haVe
received it from o,v of its m,,ffiDers.
"But if a r.ation or its cinrf appioves and ratifies the ait of
t.ie ii.umdua), it then becomes a public concern, and the in-
jmed party ie then to consnlerthe nation as the real author of
by due course of law, turns him loose, for the pur-
pose of laying hold of his Sovereign. This might
do very well with the warlike Romans, who wanted
pretexts for seizing dominions; but it will not do for
us, an agricultu ral and commercial people, who want
peace and trade. To admit it, would be to give
immunity to all foreigners violating the laws of the
States, whom their Sovereigns should choose to
shield. The admission of the present Administra-
tion, that the attack on the Caroline could he justi-
fied tinder the laws of war, was just as false in
point of law, as was a state of war false in point of
fact, between the United States and Great Britain
at the time. And the pretext of giving up McLeod,
for the sake of getting at his Sovereign, was, as
everybody knew at the time, a pusillanimous in-
vention to get rid of the whole affair. And here,
let it never be forgotten, that, for the purpose of en-
abltng Great Britain to shelter herself under the
laws of war, our Secretary makes two admissions,
neither of which lias the least foundation in point
of fact, f'irsi, he assumes that there was a state of
war existing between the United States and Great
Britain; f/hich was not the fact. Next, he as-
sumes that McLeod was in the military service of
Great Britain, subject to military orders; and, hav-
ing received orders to go upon this expedition, he
was bound to go, or be shot for mutiny. Now, all
this is sheer invention. McLeod was not in the
military service, subject to orders; he was in civil
life. He was not ordered to go upon this expedi-
tion; he volunteered. He was not obeying, but an-
ticipating his Government; and that, without its
knowledge. The Schlosser outrage was not known
in England until after it was perpetrated; nor Mc-
Leod's offence assumed, until after he was caught;
and then merely as a means of extricating him
from danger. Thus our Secretary perverts the
facts, in order to adapt them to his misquoted law.
To make a false admission of the law of nations
_—to accept apologies where none were offered—
'to pervert the facts of the case—to send the Attor-
ney General, and a major general of the army, to
protect and defend McLeod—and to give a receipt
m full for the outrage on the Caroline, without
receiving a particle of atonement for it;—to do all
this, would seem to have been enough. But it
appears that out Secretary negotiator did not think
so; and that he could not permit Lord Ashburton
to return to London, -without carrying home with
him^fiirther propitiation in a renewed apology for
the delay in getting McLeod released, and "in an
act of Congress to prevent such delays in future.
This renewed apology, and this act, were to be the
last and highest evidences ot his Lordship's com-
plete success in humbling the United States at the
footstool of the British Ciueen; and, that nothing-
should be wanting to our degradation, and to his
Lordship's triumph on his return, the Secretary
hastened to deliver him the one, and to procure him
the other. In the concluding paragraph, in his
same note of the 6th of August, he volunteers re-
newed assurances upon these two points:
l'It wag a subject of regret that the release of McLeod was so
lot.g delayed. A State court—and that not of the highest juris-
diction— decided that, on a-jtnmary application, embarrassed, as
it W-Oniil rfi'Pcar, hy technical difficulties, he could not be re-
leased by that cni.rt Ills ihschaia-e. shortly afterward, by a
I'liy, to whom ise preferred u submit his case, rendered unne-
c-wsary the further prosecution of the legal question. It is for
(he Congress of the Uni'ed States, whobe a'tenlio.o has been
catledio the subject, to say what further provision ought to be
made, to expedite proceedings in such cages "
McLeod has been released for a year past. His
arrest continued but for a few months, with little
personal inconvenience to himself; with no danger
to his hie, if innocent; and with the gratification,
of a notoriety flattering- to his pride, and beneficial
"is, iu'ete?t- He probably highly delighted
with the honors of the occurrence, and no way in-
jured by his brief and comfortable imprisonment.
Yet the sorrow ot our Secretary continues to flow.
At the end ot a year, he is still in mourning, and
renews the expiession^ of his regret for the poor
yyn s detention, and gives assurances against such
delays in future;—this in the same letter in which
ne closes the door upon the fate of his own coun-
trymen burnt and naudered in the Caroline, and
promises never to disturb the British Government
_!_n t*ievn a§airi- McLeod and all Canadians
n'p-llJ1!r"V) °^wfnrtl rifi7-,ri wa«, pcihaps, only the mstru-
"li the offcn^e.1 Sntehas m her power ;he individual who
pasoone ihft jujmv, rhe may, wi-hoiu scruple, bring himto
justice, srjd punish him. If he has ercaped, and returned to
nis own country, she ouaht to apply his Sovereign u> have
justice done in the case."— Vaiielys Law of Nations.
