Ifec. 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
27t.h Cong 3d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & II. of Reps.
British Government had decided to make no apolo-
gy for the outrage on the Caroline, and to assume
„ the act as their own; Mr. W. thought, when he
heard the letter read, there must be some singular
misconception or marvellous impudence m the
charge. No man possessed a higher sense of hon-
or, or sterner independence, than Mr. Forsyth. He
was the last man in the nation to conceal anything
through fear—the last man to delay bringing diffi-
culties to a point through subserviency.
Looking at the rest of the correspondence with
Lord Palmerston by Mr. Stevenson, it appears (as
was to have been expected) that the latter at once,
and categorically, repels the imputations of the Brit-
ish Secretary. He proceeds also to prove that no
just ground for them could exist, in anything com-
municated by Mr. Pox to Mr. Forsyth, or by Lord
Palmerston to Mr. Stevenson. And when, in a sec-
ond letter of Lord Palmerston, (not read by tn e chat r-
man,) an attempt is made to qualify the first charge,
and to soften it intoonenotimplicatinganv conduct in
the American Secretary, minister, or President, as at
all dishonorable, Mr. Stevenson replies again, and
insists that, whether honorable or dishonorable in
his Lordship's opinion, the facts of the case had by
Lord Palmerston been entirely misapprehended.
The correspondence, as a whole, nullifies com-
pletely the imputation made by the British Secreta-
ry; and any inference drawn from it by the chair-
man, [Mr. Rives,] either derogatory to the past ad-
ministration, or favorable to the greater condescen-
tion supposed to be exhibited by England in the
more recent explanations on that matter since the
arrest and trial of McLeod, seems to rest on a very
sandy foundation.
fin voting on the separate articles of the treaty,
Mr. W. voted against those in respect to the en-
gagements to furnish a force of eighty guns to-
wards suppiessing the slave-trade. This arose,
not from an unwillingness to do everything proper
for abolishing that trade with alacrity and efficien-
cy; but from an aversion to enter into an entangling
alliance with any nation for any object; and from a
reluctance to seem compelled by England, or bound
to her, to do as to other countries what she had no
right to demand or enforce. The attitude appeared
on our part one of inferiority and submission, or of
subjection. A sovereign nation ought to do what
is just and honorable, as to the world at large, or
as to the general intetests of humanity, without the
intervention or guardianship of any other nation.
Again: the quantity of force to be employed was
too large, too expensive, and unnecessary, unless it
wasemployedby detachmen's occasionally from our
squadrons at Brazil, the Mediterranean, and the West
Indies. Then, and then only, could the health of
the officers and men be preserved, and a great bur-
den in our finances averted, which England bore
to protect her African colonies as well as to sup-
press the slave-trade. We had no such colonies
belonging to our Government; and for this, and
other reasons, should not be subjected to anything
like equal expenses in relation to this matter.]
After the Senate had gone though with the dif-
ferent articles of the treaty, and were readv to a. t
on the question of its final ratification, Mr. W.
said he wished to submit a motion
He observed that the inclination of his mind
was to vote for the ratification, though he disliked
much both branches of the treaty. The engage-
ment, by any stipulation made to a foreign pjwer,
to do anything in suppressing the slave-trade,
which it was our duty to do of our own accord,
and without the surveillance or admonition of
others, looked derogatory to us. Tie had an in-
vincible repugnance to that kind of assumption by
one nation, and the acquiescence in it by another.
But he passed by that,to come to the Northeastern
boundary, concerning which he wished to trouble
the Senate with a single motion. Jt was made
with a view to show—whatha believed to hp true—
that the treaty in that particular was not what the
country had a right to expect; and, therefore, that
it would not have been ratified in that particular,
had not Maine and Massachusetts—the parties
specially interested—agreed to the line adopted.
This at least, was his own opinion. But as their com-
missioners had agreed to the new line, he, fur one,
Should waive further objections. His moimn
therefore, to recommit the treaty with :o- :i' r ;
to report the two fo'lowing resolutions to precede
the resolve for ratification.
Resolved, That the provisions in this trer'y. relating to the
Northeastern boundary, are nor. m the opinion of the "Seriate,
so favorable to the United States as they hact aright to expect
on the facts of thecal
2. iiexvlced fur'htr, That the Senate, though ar,xioi;s to ad-
fu-t all e<>< n-ovt-rsp's with foreign powei*. wouM not feci ju,-ti
fied in advising a ratification of th'*se provisions, h<"J riot
Masne and Massachusetts, theStases mtfiested m the disputed
territory, given their atsant, by commissioneie to the pai-
ticulav boundary adopted in those provisions, [instead of con-
ferring ceneral authority en the Federal Government to agree
to such new conventional hnfi<is it nn^ht (teem just j
[Mr. Tallmadu'b moved to lay the proposition of
Mr. W. on the table; but there being doubts
whether this might not carry the treaty with it,
Mr. T. withdrew it.
Mr. Kinc then suggested that the resolutions be
moved as an amendment or addition to the resolve
for ratification, so as to save a recommitment.]
Mr. Woodbury replied, that the President ot the
Senate had doubts whether such a course would be
in order, or he would acquiesce in it with pleasure.
[Some Senators called foi a division of the
question as to each resolution separately; being
willing to vote for one, but not the other. Some
expressed themselves embarrassed how to vote,
as they approved one, if not both of the resolu-
tions; but doubted whether it was expedient to
make them a part of the record in the ratification,
and requested Mr. W., on that account, to oblige
them by withdrawing the motion.]
Mr. Woodbury suted that his object in of-
fering the motion and resolution was to show per-
manently, and in the briefest manner possible, his
general views and grounds of justification in rati-
fying the treaty. As he had accomplished that
object with the Senate, so far as legarded himself,
he would not, for the purpose of placing the
views of all on the journal as to these points, press
other gentlemen to a vote on them which was em-
barrassing, and might lead to more debate and de-
lav. He would, therefore, consent to what was
asked, and withdraw the motion.
MESSAGE OP THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
Tn the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
We have continued reason to express our pro-
found gratitude to the great Creator of all things
for numberless benefits conferred upon tn as a peo-
ple. Blessed with genial seasons, the husbandman
has his garners filled with abundance; and the
necessaries of life, not to speak of its luxuries,
abound m every di'ecuon. While in some other
nations steady" and industrious labor ran hardly
find the means of subsistence, the greatest evil
which we have to encounter is a surplus of pro-
duction beyond the home demand, which seeks,
and with difficulty finds, a partial market in othei
regions. The health of the country, with partial
exceptions, has, for the past vear, been well pre-
served; and, under their ireeand wise institutions,
the United Stat-s are rapidlf advancing towards
the consummation of the high destiny which an
overruling Providence seems to have marked out
for them. Exempt, from domestic convulsion, and
at peace with all the world, we are tree to consult
os to the best means of securing and aivaociug
the happine-sof the people. Such are the circum-
stance's under which you row assemble in your re-
spective chambers, and which should lead us to
unite m praise and thanksgiving to that great
Being who made us, and who preserves us as a
nation.
I congratula'e you, fellow-citueus, on the happy
change m the asnect of our foieign affairs since
my last annual Message. Causes of complaint at
that time existed between the United S'ates and
Great Britain, which, attended by irritnting cr-
cumstances, threatened most seriously the public
peace. The difficulty of adjusting amicably the
questions at issue between the two countries, was,
m no small degree, augmenled by the lapse of
time since they had their origin. The opinions
entertained by the Executive on several of the
ieadng topics m dispuie, were frankly ^t forth in
the Message at the opening of your late session.
The appointment of a special minister by Great
Britain to '-tie Uni'ed Slates, with power to negoti-
ute upon ni'isf of 'he poi'iWnl" difference, indicated
a dtsue on her part amicab'v to ?<!ju,";t then'; and
that niin'sicr \\ a ; met by 'heExeeaui-e ii> ihe cani?
spuit wh..-li had dictated h's mission. The treaty
consequent thereoo, having been duly ratified by
the two Governments, a copy, together with the cor-
respondence which accompanied it, is herewith
communicated. I trust that, whilst you mayseeinit
nothing objectionable, it may be the means of pre-
serving, for an indefinite period, the amicable re-
lations happily existing between the two Govern-
ments. The question of peace or war between the
United States and Great Britain, is a question of
the deepest interest, not only to themselves, but to
the civilized world; since it is scarcely possible
that a war could exist between them without en-
dangering the peace of Christendom. The imme-
diate effect of the treaty upon ourselves will be
felt in the security affoidecl to mercantile enter-
prise, which, no longer appiehensive of interrup-
tion, adventmes its speculations in the most distant
sea; and,freighted with the diversified productions
ot eveiy land, returns to bless our own. There is
nothing in the treaty which, in the slightest degree,
compioinits the honor oi dignity of either nation.
Next to the settlement of the boundary line, which
must always be a matter of difficulty between
States as between individuals, the question which
seemed to threaten the greatest embarrassment
was that connected with the African slave-trade.
By the 10th article of the treaty of Ghent, it was
expressly declared that "whereas the traffic in
slaves is irreconcilable with the principles of hu-
manity and justice; and whereas both his Majesty
and the United States are desirous of continuing
their efforts to promote its entire abolition; it is
hereby agreed that both the contracting parties
shall use their best endeavors to accomplish so de-
sirable an object." Tn the enforcement of the laws
and treaty stipulations of Great Britain, a practice
had threatened to grow up, on the'part of its
erasers, of subjecting to visitation ships sailing
under the American flag, which, while it seriously
involved our maritime rights, would subject to vex-
ation a branch of .our trade which was daily in-
creasing, and which required the fostering care of
the Government. And although Lord Aberdeen,
in his correspondence with the American envoys,
at London, expressly disclaimed all right to detain
an American ship on the high seas, even if found
with a cargo of slaves on board, and restricted the
British pretension to a mereciaimto visit and in-
quire; .yet it could not well be discerned by the Ex-
ecutive of the United States how such visit and in-
quiry could be made without detention on the voy-
age, and consequent interruption to the trade. It
was regarded as the right of search, presented only
in a new form, and expressed in different words;
and X therefore felt it to be my duty distinctly to de-
clare, m my annual Message to Congress, that no
such concession could be made, and that the Uni-
ted States had both the wilt and the ability to en-
force their own laws, and to protect their flag from
being used for purposes wholly forbidden by those
laws, and obnoxious to the moral censure of the
world. Taking the Message as his letter of in-
structions, our then Mmi'ter at Paris felt him-
self required to assume the same ground in a re-
monstrance which he felt it to be his duty to
present to M. Guizot, and, through him, to the
Tlitig of the French, against what has been called
the Quintuple Treaty; and his conduct, in this
respect, met with the approval of this Government.
Inclose con foi mity with these views, the eighth
article of the trealy was fiamed, which provides
that "each nation shall keep afloat in the African
seas a force of not less than eighty guns, to act sep-
arately and apart, under instructions from their re-
spective Governments, and for the enforcement of
their respective laws and obligations'' From this
it wi'l be seen lhat the ground assumed m the Mes-
sage has been fully maintained, al the same time
that the stipulations of the treaty of Ghent are to
be carried out in good faith by the two countries,
and that all pretence is removed for interference
with our conynerce, for any purpose whatever, by
a foreign Government. While, therefore, the
TJnited States have been standing up for the free-
dom of the seas, they have not thought proper to
make that a pretext foi avoiding a fulfilment ot
their treaty stipulations, or a ground for giving
countenance to a trade reprobated by our laws.
A similar arrangement by the other great powers
could not fail to sweep from the ocean the slave-
trade, without the interpolation of any new prin-
c j pi e into the maritime, code. We may be peraiit-
'ted to hope that the example thus set will be follow-
ed by some, if not all of them. We thereby also
afford suitable protection to the fair trader in those
seas; thus fulfilling at. the same tune the dictates
of a sound policy, and complying with the claims
of justice and humanity?
