'20
?EJ|D
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 1842:
27th Cong ,.Sd Srss.
Message of the President.
It would have furnished additional cause for con-
gratulation, if the treaty could have embraced all
subjects calculated in future to lead to a misunder-
standing between the two Governments. The ter-
ritory of the United States, commonly called the
Oregon Territory, lying on the Pacific ocean, north
of the forty-seCond degree of latitude, to a portion
of which Great Britain lays claim, begins to attract
the attention of our fellow-citizens; and the tide of
population, which has reclaimed what was so lately
an unbroken wilderness m more contiguous re-
• gions, is preparing to flow over those vast districts
which stretch from the Rocky mountains to the
Pacific ocean. In advance of the acquirement ol
individual rights to these lands, sound policy dic-
tates that every effort should be resorted to by the
two Governments to settle their respective claims.
It became manifest, at an early hour of the late
negotiations, that .any attempt, lor the time being,
satisfactorily to determine those rights, would lead
to a protracted discussion, which might embrace
in its failure ol her more pressing matters; and the
Executive did not regard it as proper to waive all
the advantages of an honorable adjustment of other
difficulties of great magnitude and importance, be-
cause this, not so immediately pressing, stood in
the way. Although the difficulty referred to may ,
not, for several years to come, involve the peace of !
the two countries, yet I shall not delay to urge on:
Great Britain the importance of its early settle-;
ment. Nor will other matters of commercial im--
portance to the two countries be overlooked; and I|
have good reason to believe that it will comport:
with the policy of England, as it docs with that of
the United States, to seize upon this moment, when
most of the causes of irritation have passed away,
to cement the peace and amity of the two countries,
by wisely removing all grounds of probable luture
collision.
With the other powers of Europe our relations
continue on the most amicable footing. Treaties
now existing with (hem should be rigidly observed;
and every opportunity, compatible with the inter-
ests of the United States, should be seized upon to
enlarge the basis of commercial intercourse. Peace
with all the world is the true foundation of our
policy, which can only be tendered permanent by
the practice of equal and impattial justice to all.
Our great desire should be to entet only into that
rivalry which looks to the general good, in the cul-
tivation of the sciences, ihe enlargement of the
field for the exercise of the mechanical arts, and
the spread of commerce (that great eivdizer) to
every land and sea. Carefully abstaining from in-
terference in all questions exclusively "referring
themselves to the political inteiesis of Europe, we
may be permuted to hope an equal exemption from
the interference of Huropean Governments in what
relates to the States of the American continent.
On the 23d of April last, the commissioners on
the part of the United States, nuclei the conven-
tion with the Mexican Republic of the 11th of
April, 1,83!), made to the propet department a
final report in relation to the proceedings ol the
commission. From this u appears that'ihe total
amount awarded to the claimants by the com-
missioners and the umpire appointed under that
convention, was two million twenty six thousand
and seventy.nine dollars and sixty-eight cents. The
arbiter having considered that his functions Were
leqmred by the convention to teinmialc at the
same time with those of the commissioners, rrt'iru-
ed to the board, undecided for want oftimp' chums
which had been allowed by the American commis-
sioners, to the amount of nine hundred and twenty-
eight thousand six hundred and twenty dollais and
eighty-eight cents. Other claims, in which the
amount sought to be recovered was thiee million
three hundred and thirty-six thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty-seven dollais and- five cents, were
submitted to the board too late for its con^ideru'iou.
The Minister of the United States at Mexico lias
been duly authorized to make demand for the pay-
ment of the awaids, according to the terms of the
convention, and the provisions of the act of Con-
gress of the 12th of June, 1840. Hehasalso be n
instructed to communicate to that Government the
expectations of the Government of the United
States in relation to those claims which were not
disposed of according to the provisions of the con-
vention, and all others of citizens of the United
States against the Alexican Government. He has
also been furnished with other instructions, to be
followed by him m case the Government of Mexico
should not find itself in a condition to make pres-
A:
Senate & II. of Reps.
ent payment of the amount of the awards, m specie
or i's equivalent.
I am iiappy to be able to say that information
which is esteemed favorable, both to a j ust satis-
faction of the awards, and a reasonable provision
for other claims, has been recently received from
Mr. Thompson, the Minister of the United States,
who has promptly and efficiently executed the in-
structions of his Government in regard to this im-
portant subject.
The citizens of the United States who accom-
panied the late Texan expedition to Santa Fe, and
who were wrongfully taken and held as prisoners
of war in Mexico, have all been liberated.
A correspondence has taken place between the
Department of Slate and the Mexican Minister ?
of Foreign Affairs, upon the complaint of Mexicoj'
that citizens of the United States were permitted;
to give aid to the inhabitants of Texas m the war;
existing between her and that republic. Copies of;
this correspondence are herewith communicated to \
Congress, together with copies of letters on the
same subject, addressed to the diplomatic corps at
Mexico, by the American Minister and the Mexi-
can Secretary of Slate.
Mexico has thought proper to reciprocate the
mission of the United States to that Government,
by accrediting to this a minister of the same rank
as that of the representative of the United States in
Mexico. From the circumstances connected with
this mission, favorable results are anticipated fioni
it. It is so obviously for the interest of both coun-
tries, as neighbors and friends, that all just causes of
mutual dissatisfaction should be removed, that it is
to be hoped neither will omit or delay the employ-;
ment of ativ practicable and honorable means to/
accomplish that end. -  <•'
"The affairs pending between this Government
and several others of the States ol this hemisphere
formerly under the dominion of Spam, have again,
within the past year, been materially obstructed
by the military revolutions and conflicts in those
countries.
The ratifications of the treaty between the United
States and the Republic of Ecuador, of the 13th of
.Time, 1839, have been exchanged, and that instru-
ment has been duly promulgated on the part of this
Government. Copies are ncftv communicated to
Congi ess, wit h a view to enable that body to make
such changes in the laws applicable to our inter-
course with that Republic as may be deemed re-
quisite.
Provision has been made by the Government of
Chili for the payment of the claim on account of
the illegal detention of the brig Warrior at Coquim-
bo, in lt^-21). This Government has reason to ex-
pect ihat other claims of our citizens against Chili
will be hastened to a final and satisfactory close.
The empire of Brazil has not been altogether
exempt from those convulsions which so constant-
ly afflict the neighboring republics. Disturbances
which recently broke out are, however, now un-
understood to be quieted. But these occurrences,
by threatening the s ability of the Governments, or
by causing incessant and violent changes in them,
or in the persons who administer them, tend great-
ly to retard provisions for a just indemnity for loss-
es and injuries suff'eted by individual subjects or
citizens of other States. The Government of the
United States will feel it to be its duty, however, to
consent to no delay, not unavoidable, in making
satisfaction for wrongs and injuries sustained by
its own citizens. Many years having, in some
cases, elapsed, a decisive and effectual course of
proceeding will be demanded of the respective
Governments against whom claims have been nre-
feried.
The vexatious, harassing, and expensive war
winch so long prevailed with the Indian tribes' in-
habiting the peninsula of Florida, has happily been
terminated; whereby our army has been relieved
from aseivice of the most disagreeable character,
and the treasury from a large expenditure. Some
casual outbreaks may occur, such as are incident
to the close proximity of border settlers and the
Indians; but these, as in all other cases, may be left
to the care of the local authorities, aided, when
occasion may require, by the forces ot the United
States. ^ A sufficient® number of troops will be
maintained in Florida, so long as the remotest ap-
prehensions of danger shall exist; yet their dutirs
will be limited rather to the garrisoningof the neces-
sity posts, than to the maintenance of active hostili-
ties. It is to be hoped that a territory, so long re-
tarded m its growth, will now speedily recover
, from the evils incident to a protracted war, exhib-
l iting, in the increased amount of its rich produc-
\ tions, true evidences of returning wealth and pros-
1 perity. By the practice of rigid justice towards
the numerous Indian tribes residing within our
: territorial limits, and the exercise of a parental
| vigilance over their interests, protecting them
| against fraud and intrusion, and at the same lime
I using every proper expedient to introduce among
f them the arts of civilized life, we may fondly hope
not only to wean them from their love tor war,
but to inspire them with a love for peacc and all
its avocations. With several of the tribes, great
•progress in civilizing them has already been made.
The schoolmaster and the missionary are found
side by side; and the remnants of what were once
numerous and powerful nations may yet be pre-
served as the builders up of a new name for them-
selves and their posterity.
The balance in the treasury on the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1S42, (exclusive of tiie amount deposited with
the States, trust funds, and indemnities,) was $230,-
483 68. The receipts into the treasury during the
first three quarters of the present year, from all
sources, amountto $26,616,593 78; of which more
than fourteen millions were received from cus-
toms, and about one million from the public lands.
The receipts for the fourth quarter are estimated at
nearly eight millions; of which four millions are
expected from customs, and three millions and a
half from loans and treasury notes. The expendi-
tures of the first three quarters of the present year
exceed twenty-six millions, and those estimated for
the fourth quarter amount to about eight millions;
and it is anticipated there will be a deficiency of
half a million on the 1st January next; but that the
amount of outstanding warrants (estimated at SJ800,-
000) will leave an actual balance of about $224,000
in the treasury. Among the expenditures of the
year, are more than eight millions for the public
debt, and $600,000 on account of the distribution to
the States ot the proceeds of sales .of the [public
lands.
The present tariff of duties was somewhat has-
tily and hurriedly passed near the close of the late
session of Congress. That it should have defects,
can, therefore, be surprising to no one. To rem-
edy such defects as may be found to exist in many
of its numerous piovisions, will not fail to claim
your serious attention. It may well merit in-
quiry, whether the exaction of all duties in cash
does not call for the introduction of a system
which has proved highly beneficial in countries
where it has been adopted. I refer to the ware-
housing system. The first and most prominent
effect which it would produce, would be to protect
the market alike against redundant or deficient
supplies of foreign fabrics; both of which, in the
long run, are injurious as well to the manufactu-
rer as to the importer. The quantity of goods in
store being at all times readily known, it would en-
able the importer, with, an approach to accuracy, to
ascertain the actual wants of the market, and to
regulate himself accordingly. If, however, he
should fall into error,by importing an excess above
the public wants, be could readily correct its evils
by availing himself of the benefits and advantages
ot the system thus established. In the storehouse,
the goods imported would await the demands of
the market; and their issues would be governed by
the fixed principles of demand and supply. Thus
an approximation would be made to a steadiness
and uniformity of price, which, i f attainable, would
conduce to the decided advantage cf mercantile
and mechanical operations.
The apprehension may be well entertained, that,
without something to ameliorate the rigor of cash
payments, the entue import trade may fall into the
hands of a few wTealthy capitulists in fhis country
ami in Europe. The small importer, whorequires
all the money he can laise for investment abroad,
3nd who can buf i31 ojmrd to ptiy the lowest duty
would have to subduct in advance a portion of his
funds, in order to pay the duties, and would lose
the interest upon the amount ibus paid for all the
time the goods might remain unsold; which might
ab.-oib his profits. The rich capitalist abroad, as
well as at home, would thus possess, after a short
time, an almost exclusive monopoly of the import
trade; and laws designer! for the 'benefit of all,
would thus operate for the benefit of the few—a re-
sult wholly uncongenial with the spirit of our in-
stitutions, and anti-republican in all its tendencies.
The warehousing system would enable the import-
er to watch the market, and to select his own titus
