Bee. 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
27rsr Cowo. 3d Sb&s.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & H. of Reps.
If the laws were oftended, their majesty was fully
vindicated; and, although the penalty incurred and
paid js worthy of little regard in a pecuniary point
of view, it can hardly be donbted that if would le
gratifyingto the war-worn veteran, now in retire-
ment and in the winter of his days, to be relieved
from the circumstances in which that judgment
placed him. There are cases in "which public func-
tionaries may be called on to weigh the public in-
terest against iheir own personal hazards; and, if
the civil law be violated from praiseworthy mo-
tives, or an overruling sen^e of public danger and
public necessity, punishment may well be re-
strained within that limit which asserts and main-
tains the authority of the law; and the subjec-
tion of the military to the cml power. The de-
fence of New Orleans, while it saved a city from
the hands of the enemy, placed the name of Gen-
eral Jackson among those of the greatest captains
Of the age, and jllnstrated or.e of the brightest pages
of our history. Now that the causes of excitement
existing at the time have cea^d to operate, it is
believed that the remission of this fine, and what-
ever of gratification that remission might cause the
eminent man who incurred and paid it, would be
in accordance wiih the general feeling and wishes
of the American people.
I have thus fellow-citizens, acquitted myself of
my duty under the Constitution, by laying before
yog, as succinctly as I have been able, the state
of the Union, and by inviting y>ur attention to
measures of much importance to ih-j countiy. The
Executive will most zealously unite its efforts wjth
those of the Legislative Department m the accom-
plishment of all that is required to relieve the
wants of a common eons'itnonry, or ilevatethe
destinies of a beloved couniw.
" JOHN TVLKR.
Washington, December, l.v 1
.REPORT OF THE SKCRETAUT UK VVAK.
Wan Dki'artmf.xt, ^Vovember 20, 1812.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the following
report upon the various .subjects committed to the
chargc of this department.
The condition of the army, of the fortifications,
and of the other branches of the military scivice,
and the stale of our Indian ufiUirs, ami of the pen-
sions and military bounty lands, aie exhibited, as
presented in the copious and veiy salisfuctoiv im-
ports of the General-in chief, and of the head* of
bureaus to whose immediate dneeiion the icspective
subjects are assigned. Such suggestions and recom-
mendations a* the good of the sen ice seems to require,
are made, and an account is> given of the measure*
taken in execution of the laws passed at the last
session of Oongie.ss.
Inspections and examinations of the men and
means piovuied for the national defence, by in-
dependent and responsible officers, afford, the only
means by which an accurate knowledge of their con-
dition can be acquired, by which icspomibility can
be enforced, and by which judicious improvement
can be effected. During the past year they have been
made \igorously and thorough!). Posts and portions
of the army that had not been inspected tor many
years, have been examined; the fouifications, the
armories, arsenals, and depots of military stores,
have been visited; and it is believed that hut a very
small portion of the army, and no important military
establishment of the Government, lias, during the
year, escaped inspection. The information which
this depaitiwnt is thus enabled to obtain, and much
of which appears in this report, and those of the
various bureaus, is of the most satb-factoiy t haructei.
In pursuance of the act of the last session aitoriu"
the fiscal year. the estimates of this department ha\c
been prepared for the first .-ix months in 1843, ami
for the year commencing the 1st of July, 1843.
separately. Those for the ormv proper, for the
half year of 1843, amount to $553,586 88. The
appropriations for thesame purpose for the st r-
vice of 1842, amounted to 5-1,^84,GO'J, of which
the half would he ^2 14*:,334. This very grcn
reduction is owing- to various causes first, t!><>
diminished expenses in Florida, elected mainly by
the vigilance, of Brigadiei Genera! Worth before the
cessation of hostilities, of which an account was
transmitted to the House of Representatives at its
last session; second, the termination of those hostili-
ties; third, the stopping of the recruiting service in
August last; fourth, the doubt whether the state of
the treasury would warrant even the expenditures
authorized, particularly those in the Engineer and
Ordnance Departments, induced a suspension of
many of those which could be suspended with the
least public injury, and considerable balances in con-
sequence remain; and, fifth, a desire to economize,
which is believed to have influenced all the branches
of service. These, and other causes not so impor-
tant, have saved the expenditure of a large portion of
the amount appropriated for 1842, and left it to be
applied to the service of the year 1843.
The same- desire to economize and adapt our ex-
penses to any probable state of the treasury, has in-
duced the very moderate estimate for the service of
the army proper, during the fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1843, of $3,204,568 60,being$l,0S0,100 40
less than the appropriations for the same objects in
1842, and $867,430 40 less than the expenditures
in 1840. It is confidently believed that the present
military establishment of the country, including all
the expenses of the military academy of a permanent
or contingent character, may be maintained at a cost
not exceeding $3,100,000. This estimate does not,
of course, include the appropriations for ordnance,
ordnance stores, small arms, and equipments, which
are distributed among the States, or are accumulated
for future use; nor docs it include the expenditures of
the engineers in erecting fortifications or other mili-
tary defences, or in the measures preparatory to such
erections. It will be seen that no appropriations arc
asked for the ordnance service for the first six months
of 1843. Those recommended for the fiscal year
commencing 1st July, 1843, are $775,200. The
appropriations for the same objects in 18*12 were
$921,300. These hfc;ve been reduced more in refer-
ence to the possible state of the treasury than to the
actual wants of the service. In the Engineer De-
partment the appropriations asked for the ensuing
eighteen months amount to $1,245 500. The
amount appropriated in 1842 was $278,000. A
portion of the estimates is indispensable for the pres-
ervation of works already commenced ; the icfidue
is deemed necessary, and it is believed that true econ-
omy will be consulted by appropriating it; but still
it is not indispensable -at this time. The whole
amount of the estimates for the militaiy service of
the countiy for the first half year of 18'13, exclusive
of foitifuations, is $620,949 78, and for the fiscal
jear terminating July 1, 1844, is $4,144,154 80.
The estimates ;ne thus stated to prevent, if possible,
the misunderstanding which frequently charges to
the military sen ice oil the expenditures of this de-
partment. Thus, many of the estimates of the
Chief of Topographical Engineers relate to works
either exclusively of a civil, or of a mixed military
and civil charactcr—such as lighthouses placed under
his charge, and improvements of harbors, livers, sur-
veys, &.e.; and cannot, with propriety, be included
among the military expenses of the country.
The estimates for pensions are also very much re-
duced from the amount appropriated during the last
year, which is believed to be justified by the dimi-
nution of the number of pensioners. The estimate
for that object, for the first half year of 1843, is
$119,340, and for the fiscal year ending July 1,1844,
SG97,G50. The appropriations for the last year
were $730,000.
In the Indian Department, the expenditures being
regulated by treaties or by law, there is no room for
the exercb.e of discretion in the reduction of their
amount. As these ate chiefly made within the first
six months of any vear, the estimate for that portion
ot the year 18-13 is, in fact, for the scivicc of the
whole year, and amounts to $791,484 49; and those
for the fiscal year commencing July 1,1843, amount
to $850,978; being, however, nearly 5450,000 les*;
than the sum appiopiiated in 1842 for the same de-
partment. This arises solely from there being less
required to fulfil treaty stipulations for the purchase
of land.
The report of the Major General commanding
the army shows the operations of the Uoops dtniji<>;
the past year, and the present position of the difici -
ent corps. The reasons which demanded a cessa-
tion of hostilities in Florida having been communi-
cated to Congress by your special message, during -
the last session, and the policy recotnnfetided having
been sanctioned by that body, by its adoption, of the
peaceful measure of inviting the occupation of the
Territory by actual settlers, the ntimber of trdop^
serving there has been gradually diminished, leaving:
an adequate number to protect the inhabitant^ fronjt
the miserable remnants of tribes still remaining*
We have advices that arrangements have ljeen mad©
with all but a very few of those Indians", for their
removal to the west of the Mississippi, or to the dis-
trict in the southern part of the peninsula assigned
them for their habitation. And it is believed that, by*
this time, all the bands north of that district have
agreed to cease hostilities and remove there. Two-
or three instances of outrages have occurred, since
the orders were issued for the termination of hostili-
ties; but they are ascertained to have been committed
by bands who were ignorant of the measures adopted*
or of the terms offered.
During the past year four hundred and fifty Indi-
ans have been shipped to the West, and it is suppos-
ed two hundred more have surrendered, and accept-*
edthe propositions to remove to the district assigned
them.
A force consisting of two regiments and four com-
panies, amounting to sixteen hundred and forty-four
men, is retained in Florida, to afford protection to the
inhabitants; and a sufficient number to garrison th©
posts will be kept there, with a view-to remove all
apprehension.
The troops withdrawn from Florida have been,
stationed at points where their presence was essen-
tial to the defence of our Western and Northern fron-
tiers, or have relieved others at similar points, who«
have been collected on the seaboard. Our artillery
regiments had been drilled and employed as infantry,
and were quite unacquainted with the duties of their
peculiar arm. It was deemed of great importance*
to bring together at the fortifications on the Atlantis
frontier as many companies as possible, that they
might there practise at the guns, and learn the exer-
cise of garrison and field artillery.
The invasion of Texas by Mexico, and the threat-
ening appearances among some of the wild, tribes afc
the Southwest, rendered it. expedient that a strong1
corps ofobservation should be placed near our South-
western boundary line, as well to keep t}ie Indians
in that quarter at peaco among themselves, as to
check any disposition and prevent any attempts to
engage in the conflict in which Texas was about to
be involved. The dictates of humanity, as well as
our neutral lehitions with that country, demanded
this course. These troops have remained on and
about the Red river; and under their judicious com-*
mander, General Taylor, have accomplished the ob~
jects in view. The troops are stationed at the dif-
ferent posts and forts, as specified in an accompany-*
ing report of the Adjutant General.
It requires but a slight examination of the extend
sive line of frontier on the Southwest, at the West*
and in the Northwest, exposed to any attack of thes
Indians which may be prompted by unfriendly in-«
fluences, or by supposed wrongs, to perceive that
our present force is scarcely adequate to afford that
protection which, it is admitted on all hands, the
Government owes to its citizens, and especially those
who, at its invitation, have occupied its remote pub--
lic domain, and rendered it valuable to the whole,
country. The very nature of the service required
renders the employment of mounted men indispen-
sable. The rapidity of their movements, is the
clement which gives to us the advantage in any
collision with Indians; while the same circumstance
will render unnecessary the numerous and frequent
posts which such an extended line would requiie, it*
foot soldiers only were employed. It may be affirm-'
ed that true economy, as well as effective service,,
will be promoted by the continuance of at least the
piesent mounted regiments, reduced, as the rank:
and file will soon be, to fifty men for each company.
Concurring entirely in the views of the Commanding-
General, it is earnestly hoped that the law which,
requires the dismounting of the second regiment "of
dragoons on the 4th of March next, will, at least, be
so tar modified as to leave the time discretionary.
The icgular force, as now authorized by law, con~
sists of seven hundred and seventeen commissioned
