Dec. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
m
27th Cong. 3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & H. of Reps*
dians, to remunerate them for their services in
Florida, and as a consideration for their removal.
The earnestness with which a gallant soldier pleads
for the faith and honor of his country, and for justice
to a helpless tribe, who have no resort hut to our own
sense of right, it is hoped will not only he excused
by the circumstances, hut will find a hearty response
,in every bosom.
The report of the Colonel of Engineers exhibits
a most gratifying account of the ability and fidelity
of the officers of that corps, and of the results of their
labors. Notwithstanding the state of the treasury
rendered it indispensable to suspend some of the
operations during the past year, yet it will be seen
that many important works are in complete order,
others in a condition to render effective service, and
others very near completion. The arrangements,
with all the requisite collateral preparations, are
complete for mounting 2,085 guns, at points most
important for the defence of the seacoast. Thin may
be said to have been accomplished substantially
within the last two years.
No satisfactory account of the work performed at
the different forts, or of their present condition, can
be given, without a minuteness of detail incompati-
ble with the general do&ign of this report. For this,
reference is therefore made to the very clear and
ample statements of the Chief Engineer. It will bo
seen with what cautious rcgoid to the possible state
of the public revenues the estimates have been
made for continuing and completing the works now
in progress, and for the repairs of such as require
them. It is hoped that the moderation of these es-
timates, and the sound and just views by which
they are sustained, will commend them to the favor-
able consideration of Congress. More, perhaps de-
pends on the steadiness mid rrgularity of the appro-
priations, than upon their lar<>" iimoirnt. At :i time
when there is so little emploxn- -nt fur labor, and it
is so cheap, economy will he promoted by continuing
our national defences, while the expenditures will
operate most beneficially among the industiial
classes of our fellow-citizens, and add much to the
means and the spirit of our internal trade. If then,
(what is not supposed to admit of doubt, and what
this department will not suiter itself to question or
to discuss,) it is the determination of the Government
to place the country in a competent state of defence
against foreign aggiession, the present time would
seem to be propitious for continuing the plan of for-
tifications heretofore adopted.
Although, for the reason before given, it would
be impracticable to notice all the works specified in
the report of the Colonel of Engineers, yet some of
them seem to demand observation.
The reasons for the delay in the construction of
the barracks and defensive works at Detroit and at
Buffalo, are stated by the Chief Engineer. As they
were of a temporary character, and have now been
overcome, those works wilt be vigorously prosecuted,
so soon as the season will admit, and, it is very sat-
isfactory to know, without the necessity of any fui-
ther appropriations for the n^xt eighteen months.
The conclusion of a treaty with the envoy of
Great Britain, by which a cession was made of the
strip of land along the northern boundary of the
States of New Yoik and Vermont, which included
the site heretofore selected at Rouse's Point for ;>
fort, rendered it expedient to suspend all operations
in reference to the two works on either side of the
outlet of Lake Champlain, which had been contem-
plated in place of that at Rouse's Point, when it
was ascertained that the latter did not fall within
ourboundary.
The report of the board of officers, in May, 1840,
presenting a connected plan of defences by land,
estimated the expense of a permanent work at
Stony Point, on the New York side of the outlet, at
$300,000, and the same sum for a permanent work
at Windmill Point, on the Vermont side. By the
cession referred to, and which has now become com
plete by the ratification of the treaty, these woiks
have become unnecessary. As the existing appro-
priation will be sufficient for the present, immediate
measures will be taken to carry into effcct the design
of Congress, by commercing the work at Konse'j
Point.
is believed that the appropriation made in 1S41
for the erection of defensive works at the junction
of the Matawamkeag and Penobscot rivers, in the
State of Maine, can be better applied in the erection
of a fort at the Narrows of the Penobscot; and it is
respectfully recommended that authority fof that
purpose be given.
Although the state of the works for the defence of
the harbor of New York is very gratifying, yet it
should not be forgotten that they do not complete the
system, and that, without such completion, they do
not afford adequate protection. The fortifications
on Staten island, at the Narrows, are deemed more
important than the opposite forts—Hamilton and
Lafayette. The United States has expended more
than $15,000 in erecting the works on Staten island,
upon land belonging to the State of New York.
That State has offered to convey this land, on re-
ceiving the original purchase money and the inter-
est. The difficulty respecting the title, which was
supposed to exist, has been removed by the opinion
of the Attorney General, that the right to the land is
unquestionably in the State of New York. It is
therefore confidently hoped that the necessary appro-
priation will now be made to purchase the site of the
works erected, and to put them in repair. Should
any apprehension be felt of a want of means, they
can probably be supplied by the sale of the site of
Fort Gansevoort, on the North river, which has be-
come comparatively useless, and by the application
of the proceeds of such sale to the work4* on Staten
island.
Another and most essential part of the defence
of the harbor of New York, (which has been ren-
dered more necessary by the discovery.of a new
channel,) consists of a work on Sandy Hook, the
immediate commencement of which is strenuously
urged by the Chief Engineer, by the most convin-
cing considerations. It is most earnestly and respect-
fully recommended to the consideration of Congress.
1 would earnestly invito attention to the recom-
mendations contained in the last annual report of
this department, in fd\or of the establishment of
military defences on the remote southern portion of
our Atlantic frontier. As there appears to be some
question whether the points on the coast within the
State of Geoigia, heretofore indicated, are the most
advisable, the appropriation asked by the Engineer
Bureau, and which is recommended by this depart-
ment, may be for the commencement of a work on
the coast of Georgia, at such site as the President
shall select, after the necessary military surveys.
The lccommendations in the last annual report
of works for the security of Mobile Bay are renew-
ed. This very exposed frontier would seem to de-
mand more protection than has hitherto been
awarded.
The report of the Colonel of Engineers shows
the necessity of some provision for completing the
work on the national road, which was begun, but
which is left unfinished, and is now exposed to rapid
destruction for the want of that finish which is es-
sential to its protection. If it be the deteimination
of Congress not to authorize any further expendi-
tures on this road, it is suggested whether some
measure might not be adopted by which the States
through which it passes may be enabled to complete,
and keep iti repair, an avenue of such great impor-
tance to the whole community, and particularly to
out Western fellow-citizens, and one so eminently
beneficial to the operations of the Federal Govern-
ment, in peace, and almost indispensable in war.
The expenses of a survey for the continuation of
this road through the States of Illinois and Missouri
to the city of Jefferson, heretofore made under a reso-
lution of the Senate, have not been defrayed, and
provision for it would !c but an act of justice to the
public creditors bv whom it was incurred.
The report of the Board of Visiters, appointed
during the last year to examine the military academy
at West Point, accompanies that of the Colonel of
Engineers. It evinces great ability; and the close
and critical scrutin}7 with which a board of disinter-
ested and independent citizens have looked into
every department of this great national institution,
and the high piai«e which they award to its super-
intendent, professors and teachers, to the exact dis-
cipline maintained, and to the thorough instruction
imparted, is inhanced by their obviously eminent
capacity to form a correct judgment, and by. their
equally obvious regard for discriminating truth.
The testimony of the Chief Engineer, himself so
long and so thoroughly acquainted with all the
operations of the academy, that, in his opinion, "it
has never been in a condition so perfectly fulfilling'
the purposes of its creation and maintenance as now,"
is equally gratifying and convincing. A personal ex-
amination during the recess of Congress enables me to
add what these testimonials scarcely required—my
own conviction of their entire justness. Having, in the
last annual report, expressed somewhat at large my
views of the inestimable advantages of this insti-
tution to the whole country, in diffusing a species
of knowledge that can be no otherwise acquired, and
of its absolute necessity for preserving and improving:
that science upon which our safety in war must
depend, it is not deemed necessary to repeat them..
Indeed, the steady adherence of Congress, at all
times, and under all circumstances, even of pecuniary
difficulty, to an institution which so much resembles
that body in its influences upon the formation of a
national character, operating as it does upon pupils
selected mainly by the immediate representatives of
the people, from every district of the Union, renders'
superfluous any extended observations on the subject*
The alterations. and improvements suggested by
the Board of Visiters have received the most respect-
ful consideration, and have been adopted where
circumstances justified such a course. The barracks
for the residence of the students have been a subject
of complaint by every Board of Visiters for several
years past. The single fact, that ordinarily three
pupils, and frequently a larger number, are obliged to
study and sleep in a room scarcely sufficient for one,
is of itself calculated to show how indispensable
additional accommodations in that respect have
become. In one of the buildings, not only are the
pupils deprived of the ordinary comforts of room,,
but their health is jeoparded by exposure to storms
and to sudden transitions. I cannot too earnestly
recommend the moderate appropriation asked by the
Engineer Bureau for an addition to the barracks at
the academy.
The subject of a corps of artificers to learn and
practise the duties of military field engineering, was
brought to the attention of Congress in the last
annual report, and is renewed by the Chief Engi-
neer. Deeming it impossible to increase the cogency
of the reasons urged by him for some provision on
the subject, I can but again add my earnest recom-
mendation to those so repeatedly presented by my
predecessors, in favor of the necessary provisions
to effect that object.
The report of the Colonel of Topographical En-
gineers affords new and continued evidence of the
great usefulness of that corps, and of the zeal and
ability of its officers. An accurate knowledge of
the topography of our very extended territory, par-
ticularly of its maritime and internal frontiers, o£
its lakes and rivers, of the obstructions to intercom-
munication, and of the positions most requiring, and
most capable of, defensive works, is indispensable
alike to intelligent legislation and to efficient ex-
ecutive administration. As. a mere question of
economy, such information can scarcely be acquired
at too high a price. The advantage of an organized
scientific corps, qualified by study and by practice
for this peculiar duty, over the irregular services of
persons transiently employed, without organization,,
and without the opportunities of mature and sys-
tematic deliberation, doubtless dictated the forma-
tion of this corps. And ail our experience has
shown the wisdom of the measure. The reports
in detail of the several officers of the corps, appended
to that of the Colonel, present a mass of the most
valuable information respecting the topography of
various parts of the Union—from the remote north
to the extreme south. They exhibit the progress
made in the surveys, in the improvement of harbors
and rivers, in the construction of lighthouses and
breakwaters, and various other works in charge of
the corps. A brief notice of a few of those which
seem to require attention, is all that will be attempted
on the present occasion.
It will be perceived that considerable progress has
been made in the survey of the Northwestern lakes,
and that preparations for its continuance the next
