AS£££P!X .ffi GtQBB.
Dec. 1842i
£'7te'' cokg"-.s'i! $£«s..
Report of the Secretary of Wir.
Senate &H. of Reps.
Season have been made, which will enable those in
charge of the work to accomplish more than was
practicable during the last year. The expense of
these surreys is comparatively so trifling, that they
can "scarcely be liable to objection in almost any
state of the treasury. I cannot omit to call atten-
tion to the report of Captain Williams, respecting
the urgent necessity of a harbor on the west side of
Lake Michigan, and the improvement of the naviga-
tion at the mouth of St. Clair river. These are
exceedingly important to the United States, to ena-
ble us to furnish supplies to the Indian tribes, and
military stores and subsistence for the troops which,
feven in time of. peace, must be maintained in that
Quarter, and which, in the event of hostilities, will
afford the only barrier between savage ferocity
anil our frontier settlements. But to our fellow-
citizens of that region, who have purchased the
public lands, a sale access to the markets of the East
is so essential as to justify their calls upon the Gov-
ernment for a common share of its protection. The
commerce of the lakes, comprising the productions
bf seven States and one Territory, which must an-
nually exceed twenty-five millions of dollars, would
seem entitled to consideration and assistance, not
only on account of the great, interests involved in
its success, but on the ground, also, of a fair appor-
tionment of the fostering and protecting .aid of the
Government. This commerce affords the only ef-
fective means of supplying the nation with the mar-
iners who will be found indispensable in that quar-
ter, in the event of hostilities.
It will be seen that the surveys for the defences
of Soller's flats and of Delaware breakwater harbor
are completed. Those for the defences of Sandy
Hook, and the harbor and town of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, are in execution, as well as the
military reconnoissance of the peninsula of Mary-
land, south of the city. It is gratifying to learn
that an extensive and very thorough reconnoissance
of the defences of New Orleans, embracing a large
exttentof territory, has been completed.
The raft which formed the obstruction to the
navigation of Red river has been removed—an event
of no small importance to our fellow-citizens in that
quarter.
The Potomac aqueduct is so far completed as to
warrant (he confident expectation that it will bo in
a condition to receive water in the course of the
next season. The repairs of the Potomac bridge
tire drawing to a close, and it is believed that it will
hi' passable in January next.
Till' nieasuieh taken to execute the law of the last
41i\srtion, uppiopriating one bundled thousand dollars
for 111o improvement of the Ohio, Mississippi, Mis-
•ouii, and Arkansas riveis, are also stated. So soon
as the application for an injunction, by Henry M.
SUrevc, Esq., which has arrested the progress of
those measure.'), shall ho disposed of, they will be
resumed. But. it is manifest that the present appro-
priation is wholly inadequate; that it can only pio-
vide the necessary snag-boats ; and that, unless fol-
lowed by others, the expenditure of the money will
he but to waste if.
The proceedings of the corps under the laws
icspecliiifj the construction of lighthouses are also
detailed in the report. It would seem that the ex-
pense of these invaluable auxiliaries to commerce
may be much diminished by the adoption of Mitch-
ell's patent screw moorings—a recentEnglish inven-
tion; and that, by means of such moorings, they
can be placed in positions far more advantageous to
the mariner than any that can be occupied in the
present mode of building them. The sanction of
Congress is invited to the steps recommended by the
Colonel of Topographical Engineers, to procure the
necessary apparatus, and acquire a knowledge of its
application.
It will be seen that a party of engineers is in the
field for the survey of the Arkansas and Piatt rivers
and the adjacent country. A survey of the country
north of the Missouri having been completed, the
map of the same, constructed by Mr. Nicollet, unequal-
led in the accuracy and fulness of its details, is now
nearly finished, and will be published in January
next. It is intended to cause a similar survey of the
country south of that river, embracing the approach-
es to the Rocky mountains, their several passes, and
gradually the region between them and our posses-
sions on the Pacific. These explorations and surveys
are indispensable to such a knowledge of the country,
its resources, and its streams, as we must possess
before we can establish any communication with a
region that is every day becoming more important
to us. And it is hoped that there will be no reluc-
tance to grant the very moderate appropriations
asked for the continuance of the "military and geo-
graphical surveys west of the Mississippi river."
In (lie last annual report of the department,^our
attention, and that of Congress, was called to the
great importance of establishing a chain of military
posts extending from the Council Bluffs to the
mouth of the Columbia river. A plan, and an esti-
mate of the expense, were subsequently laid before
the military committee of the House of Representa-
tives, by whom a very able and interesting report
was made, accompanied by a bill. I would again
earnestly invite a consideration of the subject.
There are two aspects in which it may be regarded.
In the first place, the exhibition of military power is
indispensable to counteract and control any hostile
disposition of the Indians in that vast and sequester-
ed region. They are now exposed to the unresisted
influences of the traders and emissaries of foreign
nations, by whom they could at any time be excited
to devastate that entire frontier. We could com-
mand the avenues by which these Indians pass from
the north to the south in their hunting expeditions,
and thus make them sensible of our power to resist
and punish aggression. In the second place, if we
intend to maintain our right to the territories on the
Pacific, belonging to us, (which, it is supposed, does
not admit of a question,) we must occupy them;
and we must establish a communication with them,
other than that of a five months' voyage by sea
at a particular season of the year. By extending
our laws and civil jurisdiction over the country, and
affording protection to our citizens disposed to emi-
grate thither, 1 have the strongest reason to believe,
from communications to the department, that a
sufficient number would soon establish themselves
in that quarter, provided they could be assured of
immunity from Indians on the way, and their jour-
ney could be facilitated by the Government. To
attain these purposes, it is not supposed that a con-
tinued chain of posts is immediately necessary.
The establishment of one at some proper point on
the Missouri—probably between the great bend of
that river and White river—at which stores and sup-
plies could be collected, and from which parties could
lie sent out, would answer for the present, and until
the whule ground should be better known. These
parties would bo occupied primarily in exploring and
surveying, to ascertain the best routes, in removing
obstructions and facilitating the passage of such
routes, and in protecting the caravans of emigrants.
And if small detachments of hired men, acquainted
with the country, were furnished to the latter, upon
their crossing the mountains, it is believed that
nothing further would be required. Every colony
that passed over the mountains would facilitate the
progress of its successor; and every one that estab-
lished itself beyond them would add to the strength
and power of the Government, and would perhaps
render permanent forts unnecessary.
There are many indications that the time hap
arrived for decided action on this subject, and I trust
that at the ensuing session of Congress there will be
such appropriations as will enable this department
to make the necessary arrangements to send on to
Oregon a colony of citizens impatient, to undertake
the enterprise. A post at or near the mouth of the
Columbia would certainly be desirable; but it is not
deemed absolutely necessary, in the present condition
of things.
The operations in the Paymaster General's and
the Surgeon General's departments are detailed in
the reports of their ^respective chiefs. Under the
authority of the appropriation at the last session, for
extending and rendering more complete the meteoro-
logical observations conducted at the military posts,
Professor Espy has been employed to render that
assistance for which his extensive researches so
eminently qualify him. Instructions and forms
have been prepaied, which, it is believed, will insure
very exact and very extensive observations, from
which an important science cannot fail to derive
great advantages.
The report of the Commissary General of Subsist-
ence exhibits the very prosperous condition of his
department. All the accounts of disbursing agents
have heen faithfully rendered. For the reasons
stated by him, no appropriations for the first six
months of 1843 will be necessary, on account of
subsistence of the army. The success which has so
far attended the system of purchase by contract, in-
duces me to dissent from the recommendation to
change it. Perhaps more discretion might be safely
allowed, to purchase in the open market when propo-
sals are deemed exorbitant. The unsettled accounts
for subsistence furnished in Florida in 1839 and
184-0, would seem to require special legislation for
their adjustment.
From the report of the Commissioner of Pensions,
it appears that the number of pensions on the rolls
is less, by 1,496, than at the date of the last annual
report. The whole number at that timewas 26,531.
The number at present on the rolls is 25,035; of
whom 2,662 are invalids; 3,724 received pensions
under the act of 1818; 412 under the act of 1828;
15,535 under the act of 1832; 2,307 under the
act of 1836; and 395 have been pensioned under
the act of 1838, in consequence chiefly of the
joint resolution and act of the last session of Con-
gress, relating to the death of pensioners since 1832,
and to the marriage of their widows. It is believed
that many must have died, without the fact being
known to the agents, and, of course, not reported by
them. The persons who received their pensions, in
the first and second quarters of 1843, amounted to
18,074; and it is supposed that this approximates
very neafly to the actual number now alive. This
would exhibit a diminution of 8,457, which is not so
great as that which occurred between the dates of
the reports in 1840 and 1841, and which amounted
to 17,863. It will be seen that the estimate for pen-
sions is much below that for 1842.
The law relating to military bounty lands, for ser-
vices m the revolutionary war, and in that of 1812,
having been derived by the act of July 27, 1842,
the examination of the claims presented was referred
to the Commissioner of Pensions, as the rolls and
documents relating to them were in his office. From
the statement annexed to his report, it will appear
that 358 claims on account of revolutionary services
have been presented within the year, and that 22
warrants have been issued for 5,250 acres of land;
that 416 claims for services in the last war with
Great Britain have been presented within the same
time, and that 65 warrants have been issued for 10,720
acres of land.
By "the act of March 4, 1840, the office of Com-
missioner of Pensions was continued until the 4th
day of March, 1843, when it will cease, unless fur-
ther continued by Congress. By the same act, the
pension business of the Navy Department was trans-
ferred to the office of the Commissioner of Pensions.
The duties yet remaining to be performed under
the laws relating to army and navy pensions, and to
the military bounty lands, require the continuance of
the office of the Commissioner.
The condition of our affairs with the Indians pre-
sents a subject of the deepest interest to every phi-
l.mihiopist. The report of the Commissioner who
has them immediately under his charge, with the
artompanying tabular statements, and the returns
of the various superintendents and agents, furnish
copious information of the results of past labors, and
the grounds of hope for the continued improvement
of these -victims to the progress of civilization. The
policy of removing the Indians from their native
homes, to make room for the white roan, and of col-
lecting them in large bodies on our Western frontier,
is not now debatable. It has been long settled, and
it may now be considered as having been executed,
There is no more land east of the Mississippi, re-
maining unceded, to be desired by us. No new
source of expense on this account need be opened
for many years to eome; and when the treaties now
pending shall bo ratified, and those requiring the
removal of Indians shall be executed, our sj'stem will
become settled. It is to be hoped that the red man
will then be suffered to rest in peace, and that "undi-
vided efforts will be bestowed in discharging the
