Dec. 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Con<J"..3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & H. of Reps.
Captain P. F. Voorhees, sailed for the Mediterra-
nean; and, on the 29th of August last, the Columbus
74, Captain Spencer, was despatched to the same
station. The squadron now consists of the Colum-
bus, Congress, Fairfield, and Preble—all under the
command of Commodore Morgan. Orders have
been given, however, assigning to Commodore
Morris the command of the Mediterranean squadron,
and to Commodore Morgan that of the Brazil squad-
ron. This exchange is made in execution of a plan
which I propose for the management of all our
squadrons, and of which I shall speak more at large
in a subsequent part of this report.
Our relations with the countries of the Mediterra-
nean have been preserved on the most friendly foot-
ing, "with the single exception of the empire of
Morocco. In consequence of an outrage, offered by
a subordinate officer of that Government, to the
late Consul of the United States, Mr. Carr, it was
deemed necessary to call on the higher authorities
to disavow the act, and to punish the aggressor.
This was promptly done by Commodore Morgan;
and, after many delays and much unnecessary for-
mality on the part of the Emperor, ample redress
was afforded by the public disavowal of the offence,
and the dismissal of the offending officer. Com-
modore Morgan appears to have conducted this
affair with much skill and address, asserting with
proper firmness the respect duo to our flag, and yet
claiming nothing in an arrogant or dictatorial spirit.
I have every reason to be satisfied with the part he
has borne in this delicate transaction. The friendly
relations between the two countries are now restored.
The squadron in the Pacific consists of the frigate
United States, Captain Armstrong; sloop Cyanc,
Commander Stribling; sloop Yorktown, Lieutenant
Nicholas; sloop Dale, Commander Dornin; and the
schooner Shark, Lieutenant Eagle—all under the
command of Commodore T. Ap C. Jones. The
St. Louis, Commander Forrest, returned on the 16th
September last, and her place ha.- not yet been
supplied.
Nothing has occurred, bince my last icport, to
interrupt the friendly relations of our country with
the nations bordering on the Pacific coast of America.
Our squadron has, at all times, ably and faithfully
performed its dnty; but it is much too small to ren-
der all the set \ ices expected of it in that remote
region. Every part of that vast ocean is traversed
by our trading vessels, and in every part of it the
protection of our naval flagh> consequently required.
The few ships allowed, even to the largest squadron
that we have ever sent to the Pacific, are not enough
to guard our whaling interest alone. It can scarcely
he expected that five or six vessels, (most of which
are of the smallest class,) can properly protect our
commerce and our people, a/on# a coast of three
thousand miles in extent, and throughout an ocean
four thousand miles wide. I respectfully suggest
that too little attention has heretofore been paid to
the important interests of our country in the Pacific
ocean. There is. at this lime, a stronger necessity
than ever for more strict vigilance and more active
exertion on our part, to prevent other nations from
subjecting our trade to injurious restrictions and em-
barrassments. The Englkh settlers have, by their
enterprise, nearly engrossed the trade from the Co-
lumbia. river to the islands, so that our countrymen
are as effectually cut otf from it as if they had no
rights in that quarter. The people of various coun-
tries are rapidly forming settlements ull along the
shores of the Pacific, from Columbia river to the Gulf
of California ; and this, loo, with the countenance
and support of their respective Governments. In
the mean time, we are doing literally nothing
for our own interests in that quarter. To those
of our people who are inclined to settle there,
we do not even hold out the encouragement of
a reasonable expectation that we will protect them
against the violence and injustice of other nations.
A few small vessels, scarcely as many as we ought to
keep constantly on the coast of each of the South
American nations, on the Pacific—these, too, charged
with the duties which twice their number would not
be able to perform—can offer but little aid or support
to the infant settlements of our people, remote from
oach other, and demanding the constant presence of
some protecting power. There are many considera-
tions, connected with this subject, of deep importance
in themselves, but which belong rather to other de-
partments of the Government than to this. I advert
to them only so far as to justify me in recommending
a very large increase of the Pacific squadron.
In the East Indies we have only two ships—the
frigate Constellation, Captain Kearney, commanding
the squadron; and the sloop-of-war Boston, Command-
er Long. It is owing more to our good fortune than to
our strength, that our commerce has suffered no ma-
terial interruption. That little squadron has done
all that could have been expected of it; and it de-
serves much credit for its great vigilance and activity,
and for the prudence and sound discretion with
which Commodore Kearney has acquitted himself
of the important trusts reposed in him.
On the coast of Africa we have no squadron. The
small appropriation of the present year was believed
to be scarcely sufficient to answer the pressing de-
mands of more important stations; and hence no
vessel has been equipped expressly for the African
seas. The sloop-of-war Vandalia, Commander
Ramsay, belonging to the home squadron, was as-
signed to that service in March last, and is still on
the coast. The ratification of the treaty with Eng-
land renders it necessary that a squadron of at least
eighty guns should be assigned to that service.
I regret to say that, in consequence of the unpro-
tected condition of our trade on that coast, several of
our vessels have been captured by the natives, and
their crews barbarously murdered. The last aggres-
sion of this sort was upon the schooner Mary Car-
ver, Captain Farwell, in the district of Beribee,
ninety miles south of Cape Palmas. Instructions
have been given to Commander Ramsay to proceed
to that point, and demand such reparation as the cir-
cumstances of the case may require. This, however,
will be at best but little satisfactory, since no chas-
tisement which can be inflicted upon such savages
can either do honor to our ilag, or prevent other
outrages of the like kind. Our commerce with Africa
is rapidly increasing, and is well worthy of all the
protection which it asks. This protection is to be
derived, not from any terror which can be inspired
by the destruction of a few miserable villages on
the sea-beach, but from the presence of armed ves-
sels, able to prevail, as well as to punish, all viola-
tions of the rights and laws of fair trade.
I need scarcely add that our duty in the suppres-
sion of the slave-trade cannot be discharged without
a much larger force on the coast of Africa than we
have ever yet maintained there.
The return of the exploring squadron, late under
the command of Lieutenant Charles Wilkes, has
given to the country rich and abundant stores in all
the departments of natural history. I am now
arranging them, under the authority of a law of
the last session of Congress. Lieutenant Wilkes
himself is engaged in preparing a narrative of his
voyage, and in completing the various charts of the
numerous sun cvs made under his direction. In this
work he has, at his own request, the assistance of
Lieutenants O. Carr, T. A. Budd, and G. M. Tot-
ten, of the navy. I regret that I have no authority
to furnish him with the additional aid which he has
a right to expect, from the scientific corps attached
to the expedition. There is no fund under my con-
trol, out of which a compensation could he paid to
them. I respectfully suggest that provision ought to
be made for this. The country looks, with very deep
interest, for the result', of this expedition ; and it is
due, not less to the officers concerncd in it, than to the
country itself, that they should be fairly and proper-
ly laid before the world. It can scarcely be expect-
ed that Mr. Wilkes, even with the aid of the few na-
val officers whose assistance he has asked, can in
any short time accomplish a task of so much labor;
nor is it reasonable to suppose that naval officers,
however skilled in what properly belongs to their
profession, will be able to perfect the drawings and
other mechanical works, and works of art, necessa-
ry to prepare this publication in the style contem-
plated by Congress.
When I had the honor to present to you the usual
report from this department, at the commencement
of the last session of Congress, I proceeded upon
the idea that it was the settled policy of the Govern-
ment gradually to increase the navy. Notwithstand-
ing the favorable change which has since occurred
in our foreign relations, and notwithstanding the
present unfavorable condition of the public treasury *
I have seen no reason to believe that this policy i*
less approved now than heretofore, by the great body
of our people. It is true that the circumstances in
which we are now placed, render necessary very
great modifications of the systems which would
otherwise be proper; but the opinion is as general
now as it ever has been, that a suitable navy is ab-
solutely necessary to the protection of our trade, the
security of our people, and the respectability of our
Government. Fortunately, there is nothing in the
circumstances of our country to render this, in any
degree, a local question. Apart from the general
proposition, that what is best for the general interest
should be regarded as best for the whole, there is a
local and particular interest in nine-tenths of our
country, which demands a respectable naval estab-
lishment. The commercial towns on our sea-board,
by which nearly all our foreign and coasting trade is.
conducted, have so immediate and due an interest
in the subject, as to render unnecessary any remarks,
upon that point. The various agricultural and
manufacturing classes scattered throughout the coun-
try, and connected with and dependent upon this
trade, have an indirect interest not less apparent.
The great and increasing commerce of the lakes,,
although less exposed than that of the ocean, is yet
far too important to be left undefended, even against,
the single power which may become its enemy. But
the Gulf of Mexico has peculiar claims. It is be-
lieved that there is not in the world an equal amount
of commercial and agricultural interests belonging
to any one country, so much at the mercy of the
most inconsiderable maritime force as is that of the
Gulf of Mexico. Not only the States which lie
immediately upon that water, but all those whose
streams enter into it, including the vast and fertile
region of the Mississippi and its tributary waters*
make this their chief channel of commerce; and
we may properly add, also, no inconsiderable amount
in the article of cotton sent from Texas, by means:
of the Red river, and paying tribute to our commer-
cial agencies in its transit through our territory..
Cotton is the principal material of our trade, both,
foreign and domestic; it probably constitutes three-
fourths of our exports in its raw and manufactured
states. Taking the year ending on the 31st August*.
1842, it is found that the whole cotton crop amount-
ed to 1,683,574 bales; of which 1,160,389 were
shipped from the ports of the Gulf of Mexico. Of
this crop, 1,465,249 bales were exported to foreign
countries; and of these exports, 937,830 bales were
from the ports of that Gulf. Thus it may be as-
sumed that two-thirds of the most valuable article of
our commerce, foreign and coastwise, is shipped in
the ports of the Gulf of Mexico.
In other articles the productions of the West, the
proportion, (although, perhaps, not quite so large,) is
yet large enough to give peculiar importance to the
Gulf of Mexico. The tobacco, the iron, the lea<J>
the sugar, the hemp, and the provisions of that great
and rich region, (and in a few years we may add
also its coal,) find their way to market chiefly through
that single channel. These already form no iRcon*
siderablc part of the entire exports of our country;
and will, after no long process of time, enter still
more largely into our trade, both foreign and domes,
tic. Without pretending to perfect accuracy, we
may safely assume that not less than two-thirds of
the entire commerce of our country, exclusive of the
whale fisheries, passes through the Gulf of Mexico;
and we may, with even more, safety, assume that
this proportion will increase from year to year, with
the increase of the population and wealth of our
Western States.
It is to be borne in mind that nearly all this valua-
ble trade is carried on through the Gulf of Florida.
I had the honor to present my views upon this sub-
ject, in a report which I made to the Senate during
the last session of Congress, but which was not act-
ed on by that body. I respectfully refer to that
document, as containing many suggestions connect-
ed with this inquiry, which I believe to be not wholly
