<40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1842.
27th Gong.......3d Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & II. of Reps.
unworthy of public attention. I repeat here only
•tie well-known fact—that, in consequence of the
.strength, of-the Gulf stream and trade-winds, there
is virtually no passage for our trade eastward, on
■the"*s6uif3i side of the island'of Cuba. It must, of
• necessity, pas? through the Gulf of Florida—a nar-
row strait, which can be effectually blockaded by
two active .steam-frigates, and probably by one.
Jlven if a trading vessel should pass such a blocka-
ding 'force in'the night, it would have but one path
open- to .it for a great distance, and might of course
be pursued with a certainty of being overtaken.
It would riot enjoy even the ordinary chances of a
■vessel escaping from a blockaded port into a wide
and open sea.
.The facts to which I have thus adverted show a
, striking peculiarity in our condition. The greatest
portion of our commerce, confined to a single chan-
' nel. of some hundreds of miles, is exposed in a pe-
culiar manner to any enemy having possession of
the sea; and—what would render our condition still
"worse—if we be without a naval force, that commerce
Mjay be annihilated at a cost which would not be felt
by any tenth-rate.maritime power!
If these views be correct, I am at loss to perceive
■what portion of our country is not interested in
them. To the States bordering on the Gulf of
Mexico, and to all those which use the Mississippi
river as a channel of tiade, the subject is of a deep
and daily-increasing interest. So far as their pros-
perity depends oil the outlet of the various produc-
tions of their country, they have but a single ques-
tion to decide: is, or is not, their commerce worth
the cost of a naval power adequate lo protect it! It
has no other protection, and it cannot, have any oth-
«r until its present channels shall be changed.
To these considerations are to be added others, grow-
  ing out of the peculiar character of our Government
and institutions, and the exposed condition of out-
Jake and sea coast. On these points I can only re-
peat the suggestions offered in my last report. No
country in the world has a greater interest than ours
to gUard itself against invasion. If we are destined
'to see again the smoke of an enemy's camp, we
should at least be careful not to allow it to ascend
from our own soil. It is in all other respects bet-
ter for us to repel an enemy from our own coast,
than to subdue him after he had landed upon our
shores. To do this, we must cherish our naval
power—not as the institution of u day or of a ye<u
—not as a subject which we can lay aside, and take
up again whenever we please, as the policy or the
caprice of the moment may dictate; but as a great
and permanent institution, worthy of a great people,
and demanding the grave attention of Government—
an institution resting upon a wise system, and worthy
to he maintained in the spirit of a liberal, comprehen-
sive, and stable policy.
These considerations forbid us to fall so far in the
rear of other nations, and of the age in which we
live, as to surrender our due share of the dominion
of the seas. A commerce such as ours demands the
protection of an adequate naval force ; our people,
scattered all over the world, have a right to require
the occasional presence of our Hag, to give assu-
rance to all nations that their country has both the will
and the power to protect them. Our position among
the nations is such as to leave us without excuse,
if we voluntarily strip ourselves of a power which all
other nations are anxious to grasp. Our forms of
government and municipal institutions suggest that
a naval force is our safest, and perhaps our only, de-
fence; and as an additional recommendation of no
small weight, the expenditure which this defence
requires is to be made chiefly among our own people,
encouraging their enterprise, invigorating their in-
dustry, and calling out the abundant (and now almost
hidden) resources of our country.
"If our navy is not to be put down altogether, nor
abandoned to neglect and decay, it is high time that
it were placed upon some fixed and permanent plan
With a view to this, I respectfully offer the followl
ing suggestions.
In the present favorable condition of our foreign
relations, promising a long continuance of peace, I
cannot recommend any considerable appropriation
^or building new vessels of war. We have already
as many vessels as it will be necessary to keep in
commission—except, perhaps, in the classes of sloops
of war and small brigs and schooners. A few more
of these are required, and they can be built out of
materials now on hand, at a very small cost. It
■seems to me to be too obvious to admit of doubt,
that our true policy is to apply as much as possible
of the appropriations for the general naval service,
to the employment of ships in commission.
I hope to be excused for repeating here an idea
thrown out in my last report, and which I am anxious
to enforce, because it is the foundation of all sound
policy in regard to the navy: It is an easy thing to
build a ship of war; it is a difficult thing lo qualify
an officer to command her. This simple proposition,
which every one knows to be true, should never be
lost sight of by a nation that does not intend to aban-
don the ocean altogether. It requires at least five
years of strict attention to make a good seaman; and
not less than twenty years of active service, in dif-
ferent grades, to form a properly qualified naval com-
mander. Surely, then, since competent officers can-
not spring up with every exigency which may re-
quire their services, true policy demands that we
should keep the requisite number of them in con-
stant training, to be ready whenever their country
shall call for them. The best ship of war is power-
less, when unskilfully commanded. We build fleets
for our enemies, when we put them in charge of
incompetent men.
In order to carry out this idea, it is necessary not
only that we should keep moie ships in commission
than heretofore, but that we should employ them in
a different manner. Our squadrons on foreign sta-
tions have been generally kept too much in port;
have been too little employed in cruising, and too
seldom exercised in squadron manfPitvres. To re-
medy this, I propose a system of interchange between
the several squadrons; and with that view, so to
arrange them that no ship (except, perhaps, that of
the commander-in-chief) shall remain more than one
year on the same station. I propose that the squad-
rons of the Mediterranean and the Brazils shall con
sist, as near as possible, of the same number and
classes of vessels; and that the same equality shall
prevail between those of the East Indies and the
Pacific. After particular intervals of time, a vessel
of the Mediterranean squadron shall be sent to Bra-
zil; and, at the same time, one of the same descrip-
tion from Brazil to the Mediterranean: and so of the
squadrons of the East Indies and the Pacific. The
advantages of this system are great and obvious.
1. By keeping the ships more at sea, the officers
will he 'more exercised in their proper duties, and
will acquire more of the science and practice of their
profession.
2. Discipline will be better learned and better en-
forced, both as officers and crews. It is always re-
laxed while vessels are in port.
3. The dangerous connexions and fatal habits, so
often formed amid the seductions of luxurious ports,
will be avoided.
4. Officers will have a better opportunity to be-
come acquainted with different coasts and harbors;
with their currents, winds, <fec.; with the languages,
manners, customs, &c., of different regions of the
globe: all which information is indispensable to an
accomplished naval commander.
5. The flag of the country will be displayed in
different ports, on many different vessels; thereby
given to foreign countries a better idea of the ex-
tent of our naval power. Heretofore, the habit of
sending the same vessels repeatedly to the same
foreign station, has produced tile impression that we
had no others to send, and has thus detracted from
the respect which ought to attach to us as a naval
power.
6. Our vessels of war will be kept constantly in
the tracks of our commerce, and be thus ready, on
all occasions and in all places, to afford to us what-
ever assistance it may need. In this way the small
force destined for the protection of our African
trade, and for the suppression of the slave-trade, may
be occasionally strengthened by the presence of ves-
sels of war interchanging between the Mediterranean
and the Brazils. But the great interest of our com-
merce in the Pacific—and particularly that most im-
portant part of it, the whale fisheries—will derive
peculiar advantages from this system. At present,
most of our whalers rarely see one of our vessels of
war, although it is well understood that they often
need their protection. Our national ships, crossing
the Pacific, should be directed to visit the whaling
statians; a process by which that distant and now
neglected part of our commerce may always be wjth-
in the reach of the protecting arm of their country.
The system thus proposed will require, in order to
prosecute it with all its advantages, larger squad-
rons than we have heretofore employed. The good
effects, however, which may reasonably be expected
from it, will, it is hoped, recommcnd it to adoption.
The charge upon the treasury need not be materi-
ally (if at all) increased, if the appropriations here-
tofore made for " increase and repair" should be, as
far as possible, for "equipment, pay, and subsistence."
I have caused estimates to be prepared for such
squadrons as could, in my opinion, be most usefully
and profitably employed in the manner above men-
tioned. This it is my duty to do, submitting it to
Congress to determine whether, under the circum-
stances of the country, so large a force can properly
be put in commission, or not. If the condition of
the treasury will warrant it, (of which they are the
judges,) I have no hesitation in earnestly recommend-
ing the employment of the largest force estimated
for. But, in order that Congress may, without trou-
ble, apportion the appropriation to the force which
they are willing to keep in commission, I have
caused to be prepared a table, showing the cost of a
ship of each class. Thus the reduction in the esti-
mates may be made in exact proportion to the reduc-
tion of the vessels in commission.
Whether il be the pleasure of Congress to author-
ize a large or small naval force, the necessity will be
the same for . placing it on a proper footing. The
navy cannot be reformed by merely reducing its
size. In my report of last year, I invited your atten-
tion to a variety of points on which I considered
legislation necessary, in ordei to give due efficiency
to this department, and to coirect the abuses existing
throughout the whole naval establishment. In my
opinion, every reform necessary to place the navy
upon the most useful, and at the same time upon the
most economical footing, may be easily effected.
With that view, 1 respectfully offer the following
suggestions:
So far as the materiel is concerned, nothing is re-
quired except fidelity, vigilance, and industry on the
part of those to whom that matter is intrusted; and
such changes in the laws as will insure a proper ac-
countability. A great deal has already been accom-
plished in this respect. It is confidently believed
that th? expense of building, repairing, and equip-
ping our vessels of war, is much less at this time
than it was at any previous period within the last
twenty years. This result is attributable, not so
much to the head of the department, as to the steady
and zealous efforts of those officers of the navy who
have had charge of the navy-yards. Little is now
required, except to establish a rigid system of ac-
countability in every branch of expenditure. Much
has already been done to attain this object.
The law for the re-organization of this department
has been carried out, as far as has been found practi-
cable. The advantages of this change, in the in-
creased facilities of transacting business, and in the
concentration of responsibilities, are manifest and
great. I regret to say, however, that the system is
yet very imperfect. It is with extreme reluctance
that I bring this subject again to your notice; and I
shoulc. not do so, if I were not convinced that it is
the wish of Congress to make the woik of reform,
which they have just commenced, as perfect as pos-
sible. The bill, as it passed the Senate, would, it is
believed, have proved as complete and effective in its
provisions, as could be reasonably expected of any
new measure, running so much into details; but the
changes which were made in it by the House of Rep-
resentatives have produced difficulties and embar-
rassments in practice, which were not foreseen at the
time. The uniting of two bureaus, whose duties are
wholly distinct, and require a wholly different order
of qualifications to discharge them, has been found ex-
tremely inconvenient and embarrassing. The bureau
