Dec. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE2
43
27TH CO&G<**«3I> Sess.
Report of the Secretary of (he Navy.
Senate & H, of Keps.
wealth of a nation does not consist in the quantity of
gold which it may have in its treasury; the econo-
my of a nation is not shown only in the smallness of
its expenditures. It is rich only in proportion as its
people are rich; and it is economical only so far as
it applies the public money to uses more valuable to
the people who pay it, than the money itself. This is
"but another name for national thrift; but it is the
only sense in which national economy is of any value.
Nine-tenths of the appropriations to the navy are
paid back to our own people for materials, labor, and
subsistence. It is thus put into circulation, paying
debts, supplying want4?, and sustaining credit. Every
dollar thus employed increases the tax-paying abil-
ity of the people to twice that amount: and this tax-
paying ability is the true wealth of the nation. The
expenses of the navy, therefore, are not to be con-
sidered a dead tax upon the treasury. They not only
go back and circulate among our own people, but,
unlike most other expenditures of the Government,
they give employment to industry, encouragement to
enterprise, and patronage to genius. They perform,
to a great extent, the office of a protective tariff, in
developing and bringing into use various sources of
our national wealth, particularly in copper, iron,
hemp, provisions, and coal. The effect of even a
small disbursement, so made, upon the public pros-
perity and comfort, is much more important and ex-
tensive than the first view of it would lead us to sup-
pose. 1 am far from saying that taxes ought to be
levied merely for the purpose of so expending them.
No tax should be imposed, direct or indirect, which
is not required for the legitimate and proper uses of
government. But if a necessity for the tax can be
shown to exist—if the purposes to which it is pro-
posed to apply it clearly appear to be useful and
profitable to the country, far beyond the measure of
the tax itself,—it ceases to be a burden, and is relieved
from all fair objection. Such, in my opinion, is
emphatically the case with almost the entire appro-
priation to the naval service. It is confidently be-
lieved that such appropriations, as liberal as any
■convenient and proper revenue system will allow,
may be, and of necessity must be, applied to "uses
far more valuable to the people who pay them, than
the money itself;1' and that, far from being an op-
pressive burden, they will operate as a measure of
positive relief.
in looking for the sources of unnecessary expense
throughout the naval establishment, I have found
much to eoirect. It cannot be denied that our navy
has cost much more than it ought to have cost, con-
sidering the small number of vessels that we have
Usually kept in commission. I do not know that
this could have been very easily prevented under
the former defective organization of the department.
The mode heretofore pursued, of obtaining the sup-
plies of the surgeon's and puiser's department, has
subjected the seamen to unnecessary chaiges, the Gov-
ernment to constant imposition, and in many cases
to gross frauds, and consequently to heavy losses.
These losses have been the greater, in con&equence
of the want, of proper means of establishing a system
of strict accountability, which would have enabled
the department not only to sec the extent of the evil,
but to apply the proper remedy. The bureaux to
which these subjects belong have been diligently and
successfully engaged in devising suitable means of
guarding against similar impositions for the future.
The articles arc now procured, as far as possible,
from those who make or produce them; so that the
profits—always large, and otten extortionate—which
have heretofore been paid to the grocer, the apothe-
cary, and the contractor for clothing, are saved to
the Government and the sailor. Such supplies as
we are still compelled to obain in the former mode,
are subjected to rigorous inspection, which assures
us of their good quality and reasonable prices ; and
when biought into the public stores, the persons
under whose charge the}r are placed are required to
account for them, with a degree of minuteness which
promises to guard effectually against any waste or
extravagance in the use of them.
I have very little doubt that much of the mechani-
cal labor which has been performed at our navy-
yards has been too dearly paid for. I can perceive
no good reason why a mechanic should work fewer
hours in the day, or receive higher wages in a pub-
lic dockyard, than in a private workshop; on the con-
trary, if there be any difference, it should be in favor
of the Government, in consequence of the more con-
stant employment and the more prompt and certain
pay. It is certainly good policy on the part of the
Government to give such wages as will command
the most competent and faithful workmen; but this
can always be done, for the reason above assigned,
for the same wages which are paid at the best pri-
vate establishments. Measures have been adopted to
place the Government upon terms of just equality
with individuals in this respect.
But a still more considerable source of expense in
building, repairing, arming, and equipping our ves-
sels of war, may be found in the high prices and in-
different quality of the iron and copper which have
been used. The department has given much atten-
tion to these two important subjects, with a view to
the correction of former abuses. In particular kinds
of iron,.the standard has been raised seventy-five per
cent.; and yet it is found that supplies can be ob-
tained at less prices than heretofore, although the
quality is nearly twice as good. 'The fact now gen-
erally known, that proper tests are applied, and that
no iron will be received which does not hear them,
has served to create an honorable competition among
those engaged in that branch of industry; so that
the most important improvements are constantly
made. The United States can furnish as good iron
as any other country in the world, and, with suitable
encouragement, would soon be able to supply the
world with that metal.
In chain cables an invaluable improvement has
been made. None but the very best iron is ever ap-
plied to that use; and an apparatus is now in progress,
and very nearly completed, for subjecting the cables,
when finished, to thermotension, A long series of
careful and accurate experiments has ascertained that
this process adds seventeen per cent, to its strength.
By this means, the weight, and consequently the cost,
of a cable of given strength is greatly diminished;
and so also is the labor of handling it on board ship.
For this great improvement we are indebted to the
scientific information and industrious researches of
Professor Walter R. Johnson, of Philadelphia. It is
impossible to calculate its value to the whole naviga-
ting interest of the world. The fate of the largest
ship and of all her crew often depends upon the
sticngth of her cables; so that a little more or lc^s
of strength in a single link may save or destroy her.
I have considered it, therefore, of the utrao&t import-
ance to improve, by every practicable means, the
quality of chain-cable iron. It is'believed that even
at the present day, we are not surpassed in this re-
spect by any other nation; and if improvements shall
advance hereafter, as rapidly as heretofore, we may
in a short time safely challenge the competition of
the world.
A similar improvement has been made in iron for
ordnance. Too much importance cannot be attached
to the soundness of cannon. The bursting of a sin-
gle gun m battle, is often more disastrous than many
broadsides from an enemy. It not only destroys
life, and withdraws so much from the effective bat-
tery of the ship, but it also creates confusion and
disorder; excites in the minds of the crcw distrust in
the soundness of the other guns, and thus discour-
ages and renders them timid. Hence, no consider-
ation of mere money-saving should ever enter into
the arrangements for procuring ordnance for the
navy. True economy requires that the very best
guns -which can be made, and none others, should
ever be used. Upon this idea this department is
acting. No cannon is received, which does not bear
the most satisfactory tests; and yet it is not found
that the cost of ordnance is any greater than hereto-
fore. On the contrary, guns of the same kind, which
have heretofore cost more than one hundred and
thirty dollars per ton, have recently been contracted
for at ninety-live dollars.
In copper, the frauds which have been practised
upon the Government have been gross and enormous.
Pure copper ought to last upon a ship's bottom
twenty years; and yet, that which we have used upon
our ships of war has not lasted, upon an average,
more than seven, Upon examining a portion of the
copper recently taken from the bottom of the Colum-
bus, I found that it exhibited the appearance of
worm-eaten wood; the reason of which is, that it was
full of impurities, which corroded and fell out. Even
that which remained, instead of possessing the tough-
ness which belongs to pure copper, would not bear
to be bent, but broke short off, like a piece of cast
iron. It is impossible to be too careful in procuring
an article so costly as copper. Nothing but the ap-
plication of proper scientific tests can detect its im-
purities, or prevent the grossest and most ruinous
impositions. A single defective sheet on the bottom
of a large ship will render it necessary to bring her
into dock, and will thus cost the country ten times
as much as would have been required to prevent any
such result. The copper in a ship's bottom is no
small part of her entire cost; and this cost is more
than doubled by using copper of bad quality.
The great importance of guarding against imposi-
tions in this respect, has induced the department to
institute a series of experiments, under the manage-
ment of Professor Johnson; the results of which
promise to be of great benefit to the economy of the
service. These results I have the honor to commu-
nicate in a copy of Mr. Johnson's report, hereto
annexed.
As steamships will hereafter form a part of our
navy, it becomes important to ascertain what kind
of fuel can be most advantageously used. With this
view, 1 have taken measures to cause a proper analy-
sis to be made of the several coals of our country,
and also of those of England. All persons inter-
ested in this subject were invited, by public adver-
tisement, to send samples of their coal to the navy-
vard in Washingtion, in order that a proper com-
parison might be made, under suitable philosophical
tests. About thirty samples have been sent, and
some progress has been made in the examination of
them. Professor Johnson, to whom this investiga-
tion has been intrusted, was called from Washing-
ton before any conclusive results had been obtained;
but his experiments will be resumed as soon as pos-
sible, and will undoubtedly present a mass of most
useful information on this important subject.
The application of scientific principles in the me-
chanical arts is now universal. The mere artisan,
whose skill is derived only from practice, is far be-
hind the times. Science is now lending her aid to
the arts, in all their departments, expanding their
powers, multiplying theii uses, and perfecting their
works. I respectfully suggestthat this aid is nowhere
more impoitant than in the various operations con-
nected with a naval establishment. When we con-
sider the number and variety of the materials which
arc used, the costliness of many of them, and the
high importance that thev should all be of the best
and most durable lands, the propriety of subjecting
them to all necessary tests, and of improving their
quality as far as possible, will at once be admitted.
This can be done only by the union of science with
practical skill. The knowledge which we obtain
from experience is always slow, always costly, and
not always sure; that which we obtain from expert*
men I, particularly in physical science, rarely deceives,
and seldom fails richly to repay us. The experi-
ments which have already been made, under the
direction of this department, have imparted to it a
degree of information which could not have been
derived from any other source, and which will more
than repay their cost in the building of a single ship.
These experiments, however, are but the beginning
of what might be accomplished in the same way. If
the department were in a condition to avail itself of
the improvements which ti:c daily made in practical
science, the most important, results would soon be
realized, in the improved quality of our ships, and
in the general economy of the service. I respect-
fully recommend the subject to the favorable consid-
eration of Congress.
I shall, in a few days, have the honor to lay before
Congress a code of rules and regulations for the navy,
prepared in obedience to their directions.
I invite attention to the existing laws on the sub-
ject of navy pensions, which appear to me to need
many changes and modifications.
I have thus, sir, submitted without reserve my
views of the present condition and actual require-
