ftec. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGllESSIONAJL GLOBft.
4B
zttru Cong 3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Ti ecmiry.
Senate & H. of Reps.
5eeA sufficient to prevent the too frequent viola-
tion of its provisions.
If Congress shall deem it inexpedient to limit, or
further restrain, this right, an imposition of the
same penalty upon him who uses the frank of an-
other, as is imposed upon the person who abuses
his privilege, would tend greatly to lessen the
evil..
The whole number ot free letters sent through
the post oflice annually, so far as the returns of
postmasters exhibit, is about three millions.
Assuming fifteen cents as the average rate of each
letter, if charged with, postage, four hundred and
fifty thousanddollars would be the amount received.
Thus it will be seen that nearly one-ninth ol all
the matter which passes through the mail, passes
free of postage. The loss to the department does
not stop here. ■ Two cents are paid to postmasters
on each of these letters, constituting an annual
Charge upon ihe revenue of SCO,000. An evil of
this magnitude, I trust, will not fail to arrest the
attention of Congress, who alone can apply the
proper corrective. It is wrong to burden the busi-
ness and friendly correspondence of the community
with this heavy charge.
The public voice has called for a reduction of
the rales of postage upon letters; and whilst 1 have
felt its-force, and am constrained to acknowledge
its justice, £ have heretofore been detened from
making any specific recommendation upon this
subject, lest, by a sudden reduction, the onlysource
of income might fail to meet the demands of the
service. With a proper regulation of the frank-
ing privilege, and a further protection against the
violations of the laws of the department, 1 have
ho doubt a considerable reduction in postage might
be safely made, and the benefits and advantages of
the department extended to many portions ol the
country which aie now, in a great measure, desti-
tute of proper mail accommodations. More espe-
cially could this be done, if Congress, by some per-
manent arrangement, with the railroad companies,
would relieve the department from the immense
and constantly increasing amount annually paid
those companies for transporting the public mail.
I ventured to recommend, in my former repoit
to you, that Congress should then legislate upon
this subject. Nothing has occurred since to cause
me to doubt the correctness of the opinions then
expressed. On the eontiary, subsequent develop-
ments have strengthened the views then obtruded
upon your consideration.
Without the right in the department to control the
arrival and departure of the mails, regularity and
despatch cannot be expected. This is a right which
the railroad companies, in their periodical con-
tracts, will not yield willingly; and, when they do
yield it, make it aground to increase their demands
upon the department for transporting the mail.
For the service of railroad transportation there
never can be competition. Why. then, subject the
depaitment to the useless ceremony ol adveiti.sing
periodically forbids to carrv the mail on railroads,
requiring it to take the lowest bid, when theie will
be but one bid for the same route"! Each letting
has heretofore been, and will hereafter be, but an
invitation to the companies to increase the prices
previously paid.
. It is in vain to disguise the fact, that the United
States are compelled to employ these roads as car-
riersof the mail. Justice and policy alike require
of the Government to send the mail by the most ex-
peditious means of conveyance, and it cannot em-
ploy any of its own creation equal to the railroads.
As a Government, it cannot, by legislation, control
those companies which have their corporate ("■:iM-
ence by State enactments. Tii  United Stales
must, theieiore, purchase the right; and the ques-
tion presented is, whether it is best to purchase this
right every four years, or for the period of the char-
ter of the road.
It is more a question of ability, at this ti.ne, on
the part of the Government, than policy, in my
humble opinion.
The plan which I proposed was, that Congress
Should authoii/.e the department to purchase this
right; enter into the .stipulations of a contract with
the companies, and report those contracts, as marie,
from time to lime, to Congress to be binding only
when ratified by Congress Nothing dangerous-
can arise from thus treating wi'h the companies.
No enlargement of executive power is asked, U:i
ihe eontiary, it is proposed So subject cxcni.,vc
power directly to the controlling influence of Con-
gress, As the law now stands, the department has
the power to contract with these companies for
four years, with a nominal limitation as to the
amount-to be paid them per mile. Surelv, no dan-
ger can arise to public liberty, or legislative au-
thority, by authorizing the department to make a
provisional permanent contract, subject to the ap-
proval of both Houses of Congress.
The great question involved is, whether Con-
gress should make these contracts, and pay the con-
sideration out of the resources of the Government;
or whether the department shall levy the amount,
by continuing the present rates of postage upon
letters; and, in all time to come, devote so large a
portion thereof to the payment for railroad trans-
portation, as to deny even the hope to the more dis-
tant and less favored portions ofour country of any
increased mail facilities"! The cost of railroad
transportation for the last year stands at ©-182,508.
The whole length of mail road in the United
States is 119,732 miles, costing $3,087,790. Ofthis
length of mail road, only 3,091 miles is railroad
transportation, at a cost of #432,568- -only one-
forty-eighlh part of the whole number of miles
costing one-seventh part of the gross sum
I repeat the inquiry made on a former occasion:
Is it jus!, that the whole burden of the public cor-
respondence—now nearly equal to half a million
of dollars annually—should be sustained by a tax
upon the business and friendly correspondence of
the community"! If the Government exacts from
the citizen no more than the cost and expense of
transporting his letters, he has no .right to com-
plain; but when an additional sum is wanted to de-
fray the expenses of transporting the correspond-
ence of the Government and its officers, that sum,
like the tax for every other public service, should
be drawn from the common resources of the
country.
It is proposed that, in lieu of an annua] drain
from the treasury to pay the postage upon the pub-
lic correspondence, the United States now secure
and pay for the perpetual right to transport the
mails over railroads, Can this right be now se-
cured upon fair and reasonable terms'! is a question
worthy to be tested, by fair experiment. I am of
opinion it can be secured upon most, if not all of
the important roads, upon reasonable terms, and
with ample guaranties.
It is no part of the business of this department
to speak of the effects which such contracts with
the railroad companies would produce upon public
credit, both at home and abroad. The effects,
whatever they maybe for good, are but incidental
lo the great object to be attained in refeience to
the mail service of the United States.
Entertaining these opinions upon this subject, 1
pray you will allow me most respectfully to press
them upon your consideration.
Public opinion seemed so strong in lavor of o
reduction ot postage upon letters, that it could be
regarded in no other light than a demand upon
those having the power over this subject. I have
lelt its influence, but have been unwilling to act
unadvisedly in any recommendation I might make
upon the subject. It will be remembered that Eng-
land lecently reduced her rates of postage. The
effect upon the revenue, and upon the amount of
mail matter, 1 was anxious to know. For this,
and other objects connected with the operations of
this department, I availed myself of the services of
Genera! Green, in 'November last, who was about
lo visit England and France upon private business,
and instructed him to make certain investigation-;
and inquiries. The re-ult of his investigations
may be seen by a reference to his report lo me, a
copy of which accompanies this repoit.
The dissimilarity in the government of the two
countries, as weH as the difference in the extent uf
territory, induce me to doubt whether the same si s-
tem of'mail service and rates of postage coulrfbe
safely adopted iathe Unitnl States.
One fact, however, is clearly developed by the
lepott of General Green—that, since the reduction
of postage in England, the number of letters mail-
ed has greatly increased. I forbear1 to trouble you
with any particular suggestions upon this subject,
because it hss been a duty devolved upon me by a
resolution of the Senate., to make to that body a
specific report upon an alteration of the rates of
postage, v. b1 eh I purpose to do at as early a day as
practicable.
It will he by reference to a pail ot liis n-
pori of ivlr. Green, that the French Government
anxious to make a treaty with the United States
for an interchange of mail service by the agency
of packet and steamships of the two countries.
You will remember, this subject was brought to
your attention by the minister of France during
ihe last session of Congress. It was submitted by
you to Congress, as one worthy of their considera-
tion, and requiring specific legislation, if, in the
opinion of that, body, such an arrangement would
prove advantageous to the United Stales. The
Committee on Foreign Relations made a report
favorable to the measure, and the House of Repre-
sentatives adopted the following resolution:
" That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be prepared and reported to this
House, by the Secretaries of State and of the Navy,
at the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, a plan for the establishment, in concert with
the Government of France, of a line of weekly
steamers between the ports of Havre and New
York, together with estimates of the expense
which may be required to carry the said plan
into effect."
That portion of Mr. Green's report, and the ac-
companying documents, are submitted under the be-
lief that it may be serviceable to place before Con-
gress the outlines of the plan contemplated by the
French Government.
In the month of August last, T caused to be es-
tablished and put into operation a city despatch
post for the city of New York, confined to the
delivery, through the post office of that city, of
the correspondence within its limits. I am grati-
fied to know that its operations have proved high-
ly satisfactory to the community, giving to the
citizens a prompt and cheap medium of commu-
nication, the income of which will not only main-
tain the expenses of the establishment, but, in the
course of lime, promises a considerable addition
to the revenue of the depaitment. The report of
the postmaster of New York upon this subject is
submitted, in order that its details may be more
generally known; and, when understood, I have
little doubt that the other large cities of the
Union will call for a similar establishment. Its
usefulness has been fully tested in New York, by
the saving ofa heavy daily expense of moneyand
lime to the business community in their city cor-
respondence.
The amount of expenditure for the current
fiscal year, for the service of this department,
may be stated, by way of estimate, in round num-
bers, at 64,390.000.
Thi-i estimate does not include the probable ex-
pense of the new routes established by Congress
at the last session, none of which have yet been
put in operation. The probable cost of these
loutes per year will be $130,000, making the
whole estimated expense of $1,520,000.
Any estimate of the income from postage dur-
ing the present year must of course be altogether
conjectural, founded upon the amounts received
for Ihe year ending in June, 1842.
The amount received the quarter ending 30th
September last, is less than the amount of the
corresponding quarter of 1841; and I therefore
com hide the income, of the department for the
current year will fall considerably shoit of that for
Ihe year ending 30th June. It "js, however, my
intention to put these routes in operation by the
time specified in the act. And as there is no dis-
cretion vested in the department by the act, if I
find its means will jiot be otherwise equal to the
additional expense,"it will become my unpleasant
duty to curtail the expense upon routes already in
existence, equal to the cost of I he new ones per-
emptorily ordeted by Congress.
There are other matteis more of detail, requir-
ing, in mv ludgment, the legislation of Congress,
which I forbear to obtrude upon your attention;
but will seek- the opportunity to submit to the com-
mittees to whom the affairs of this department
may he referred,
i have the honor to be, with great respect, your
excellency's obedient -cr.nnt.
C. A. WIOK.LIFKE.
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
LETTEfi FROM THE SECRETARY OF TIJE TREA8U-
IIV OS TUG STATE OF THK FINANCES
Tressury Depirtvent, Dec 15,1849.
tJrir In obedience to the directions of the act ot
Congress ot the 10th May, lfiOO, entitled "An act
supplementary to the act entitled 'An act to estab^
