AqfflKt, 1842^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE I
M
27CH CONO. 3D SBSS.
The British Treaty—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
founded in the clause authorizing voluntary bank-
ruptcy. That feature makes it (to that extent) ail
insolvent, and not a bankrupt law; and this Gov-
ernment has no power to pass insolvent laws.
Sir, a third and controlling objection to that bill
•was, that it destroyed the obligation existing be-
tween a principal and his security; which obli-
gation ought, in my opinion, to be perpetual. When
one individual becomes security lor another, it is
without the expectation of reward, and for the sole
purpose of accommodating a friend; when the se-
curity is force,i to pay the debt, because of the
failure of the principal to do so, the most sacred
debt is contracted from the principal to his security;
and a man cannot be honest who would himself
desire to be released from his obligation to pay it;
and no Government should pass a law, the provis-
ions of which an honest man could not desire to
be applied to himself. There would have been 110
difficulty in so framing the bill as to authorize the
debtor to procure a release from his creditors, and
at the same time allowing the obligation between
the principal and security to be perpetual; and this
should have been done.
These are some of the objections to the bill ori-
ginally, and constitute good reasons why the law
should now be repealed; but they were disregarded,
and the measure was forced- upon the country, un-
der the operation of your gag rules and caucus
dril)r without allowing an i to be dotted, or a Mo be
crossed.
The bill under consideration proposes to repeal
the bankrupt law, So far, I approve it But it is
coupled with a provision which 1 find extremely
embarrassing. That proviso is intended to save all
who filed a petition in bankruptcy before the 5th
day of December, 1812; and it will probably have
that effect. II I vote for the bill with the proviso,
I aid, by my vote, those persons who have taken
the initiatory steps to complete the process, and
thereby commit myself m favor of the constitu-
tionality of the whole measure. If I vote against
the bill, I shall oppose the repeal of an unconstitu-
tional law. Thus, let me vole as 1 may, I am
placed in a false position. To obviate tnis diffi-
culty, I notified the House, a few days ago, that I
should move an amendment, striking out the pro-
viso. But were I to do this, and the amendment
should prevail, we should discriminate unjustly be-
tween individuals; for while those who have (led
with hot and joyous haste to embrace the provisions
of the law would procure a discharge, from their
debls, those who have moved with less activity,
and look at this mode of relief as a humiliating al-
ternative, to be justified only from the necessity of
the case, would be denied the benefits of the law.
This would be rank injustice, which nothing short
of imperious necessity could (urce upon me. 1 am
sensible, however, that were I to make the motion
indicated, when in order to do so, it would not pre-
vail.
Sir, II mttstjbe permitted to ask, why this haste to
lepeal the law, and m the quaiter from which it
emanates■? When 1 reflect upon the previous dis-
cussions of the measure, the relief promised, the
restoration of confidence predicted, and the great
benefits which it was to confer on ;>ll, debtor and
creditor ; I am surprised that, in one short year, its
lepeal should be deiermined upon. I had supposed
that permanency, at leas!, was intended, that it was
to be prospective as well as retrospective ; the fixed
policy of the nation, made necessary by the com-
mercial relations existing between I lie States, to op-
crate upon all for the benefit of «/'. In this 1 was
mistaken. What do I now sec 1 The very men
who were foremost in fastening this odious measure
upon the country, are the firs'to move its repeal.
Upon what grounds do they predicate the necessity
of this lepeal ■? The gentleman from Vermont
| Mr. Everett] tells us that the lav: has done the
•work for which it was intended, and thai then; is no
further necessity for its tonlinvawce. That is, it has
released every'man from paying his just debts, who
thought pioper to avail himself of its provisions ;
and this is all we desired to do.
Mr. Speaker, 1 look upon this avowal as well
calculated to deteriorate the morals of om own
people; (and this is evil enough, Heaven knows;)
but its effect upon our credit and character abrmd,
will be dreadful. The eyes of the commercial
world are upon us, and our standing in foreign
countries can be little less than infamous,
when it is seen that an American Congress legis-
lates at one session to release her citizens from their
just debts; and at the next, repeals the law, avowing
that the work is done, and that its existence is no
longer necessary. Sir, if I could be permitted to
offer one word of advice to those who passed this
law, and who are now seeking";its repeal, 1 would
invoke them, for the honor of the country, to place
that repeal upon higher grounds than those already
indicated- Say that it was a reckless violation of
the Constitution, and that it was condemned by the
moral sense of a virtuous constituency. Tell the
truth, the whole truth, and save the country from
the stigma which your misguided zeal, hasty arid
inconsiderate legis'ation, has brought upon it.
I wash my hands of this whole measure. It is
of Whig origin; but one Democrat voted for it, [Mr.
Dawson of Louisiana,]—a faithful, honest, and able
Representative he is; and by this vote expressed
the will of his constituents, and gratified the be-
nevolence of his own generous nature; but he stood
alone. The measure was conceived by Whigs,
brought forth by Whigs, matured by Whigs; and
now this fine, fat, plump offspring of Whig parent-
age is brough forth with parricidal cruelty, to be
slain by the hand of its own parents They have
a right to do as they please with their own goods,
actuated by their own reasons. I shall not complain;
but I trust I shall be excused for refusing to kneel
at theif altars, or lowor ship theirgods. Moreover, I
should like to see them do their work decently, and
with as little injury to the reputation of the coun-
try as possible. I say this in perfect^respect, for I
do not wish to speak disrespectfully of the party at
this time.
Sir, there is one fact to which I desire to call
the attention of the country, and I desire it to be
long remembered, as connected with the political
annals of the times; because, it not only verifies a
prediction so often made bv the Republican, but
is now admitted by the Whig party, viz: The
gentleman from Veimont [Mr. Everett] tells us
that this bankrupt law—this famous measure of
Whig relief, which was in future time to be
hailed as a national jubilee—has resulted in the
prostration of all credit, and. the destniction of all
confidence between man and man.
Mr. Everett here interposed to explain: [He
had not said that it was this law which had de-
stroyed public credit—that had been done by other
causes; but that, if the law should be continued,
its effect would be to impair, and ultimately de-
stroy, all confidence in the community.]
Mr. Payne. Very well- I accept the explana-
tion. It is admitted thatthe Whig measure for the
relief of the country, and for the resloration of
confidence, is now tending, and, if not repealed,
will destroy all confidence in the community. This
is a valuable confession, because it not only ad-
mits that the Whigs have been sadly deceived as
to the effect of their leading measure upon the
prospeiity of the country, but demonstrates the wis-
dom of the Republicans, who have long since
seen and predicted these very results.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnakt>]
has favored the House with a melancholy history
of the fate of the legislation of the 27th Congress-—
a history equally.striking and true. That the Whig
party throughout the Union arc as much astonish-
ed at these results as the gentleman himself is, 1 do
not entertain a doub!; but 1 can inform him that
the Republicans have anticipated nil of this from
the beginning. It is the moral influence of public
sentiment operating upon the Representative; and
I tell the gentleman that this same moral influence
has not only decreed the repeal of this law, but of
every o,her passed by the 27th Congress —not except-
ing the tariff, the most unjust and iniquitous of all.
That, also, in two short years, must yield to tile
same powerful and just influence.
Sir, there is one development exhibited by this
discussion, which, to an inexperienced political
tactician, looks a little marvellous—viz: the abuse
of Mr. Tyler. No matter what happens, the Piesi-
dent is abused; and for all of this abuse, he is in-
debted to those who elected him, but have since
changed" sides and become his opponents. If he
interposes his veto, he is denounced for obstructing
the popular will. If he withholds his veto, and
laws are passed which the moral sense of the people
condemn, he is still denounced. This seems to me
absolutely unjust. Blame him, if you will, tor his
own acts; but for the acts of yourselves—forced
upon you by the moral sense of your constituents—
he is not justly censurable. Sir, it is not my inten-
tion to defend the President. I am under no obli-
gations to him. I never asked a personal favoi of
him, and I never shall. Upon two or three occa-
sions, I have recommended persons for appointment
to office. He has invariably' failed to respect my
recommendations; and, upon one occasion, nomi-
nated a citizen of Ohio to fill an office, the duties of
which were oblige'l to be performed in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi. Possibly he may have
thought there was no citizen of any party in Ala-
bama qualified to discharge the duties of that office.
Be that as it may, time will develop; and the peo-
ple will judge of his motive.
No obligation was created, by this course, upon
me, to defend him; still, justice ought to be done.
Sir, the instructions moved by the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] require th©
committee to report a bankrupt bill including banks.
To ihis proposition I am decidedly opposed, for
many reasons. I shall offer but one, viz: it would
unite the money and political power of this nation,
and increase, to an alarming extent. Executive
power and patronage. It will be admitted, I pre-
sume, that the Executive could, with the power ana
resources of this Government, force any bank to
suspend, in less than twenty days, which had issued
one dollar more in paper than it could redeem in.
specie. And, upon the other hand, by the resources
of this Government, he can prevent the suspension
of any bank for which he may feel political par-
tiality. Now, subject the suspended banks to the
operation of the bankrupt law, and you arm the
President with full power over the existence of
these institutions; and, by the powerful motives of
hope and fear, every bank in the nation would be
brought to his feet. The magnitude of this power
would be limited only by the pecuniary transactions^
of this nation. , '
When I took my seat in Congress, I resolved
never to give a vote which would increase the
power of the Executive. I cannot, therefore, sup-,
port this proposition to instruct the committee, with-
out violating this rule established for my own gov-
ernment, much as I deprecate the existence of banks
which do not redeem their bills in specie.
BRITISH TREATY.
[secret session.]
REMARKS OF MR. CALHOUN,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In Senate, August, 1842.—On the treaty of Wash-
ington.
Mr. CALHOUN said that his object in rising
was not to advocate or oppose the treaty, but sim-
ply to state the reasons that would govern him in
voting for its ratification. The question, according
to his conception, was not whether it was all we
could desire, or whether it was liable to this or that
objection; but whether it was such a one that, under
all the circumstances of the case, it would be most
advisable to adopt or reject. Thus regarded, it_was
his intention to state fairly the reasons in favor of and
against its ratification; and to assign to each its
proper weight, beginning with the portion relating
to the Northeastern boundary, the settlement of
which was the immediate and prominent object of
the negotiation.
He was one of those who had not the ^ lightest
doubt that the boundary for which the State of
Maine contended was the true one, as established by
the treaty of peace in 17S3; and had accoidicgly
so recorded his vote, after a deliberate investigation
of the subject. But, although such was his opin-
ion he did not doubt at the time that the boundary
could only be settled by a compromise line. We
had admitted it to be doubtful al an early pe-
riod during the Administration of Washington;
and more recently and explicitly, by stipulating to
submit it to the arbitration of a friendly power, by
the treaty of Ghent. The donfof, thus admitted, on
our part'to exist, had been a'teatl v strengthened by
the award of the King of Holland, who ha,d b66H
mutually selected as the arbiter under the treaty.
So strong, indeed, was his (Mr. C.'s) impression
that the dispute could only be settled by a compro-
mise or conventional line, that he said to a friend
in the then Cabinet, (when an appropriation was
made a few years since for a special mission to be
sent to England on the subject of the boundary, and
his name, among others, was mentioned for the
place,) that the question could only be settled Dy
compromise; and for that purpose, some distin-
guished citizen of the section ought to be selected ;
and neither he, nor any other Southern man, ought
to be thought of. With these previous impressions,
he was prepared, when the negotiation opened, to
