Aigasi, 1148.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
Senate.
27th Cong Sd Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Calhoun.
disclosed established the claim of Great Britain, or
that the map exhibited is the one to which Frank-
lin referred, in his note to the Count de Veigennes,
the French Minister; but it cannot be doubted that
the conformity of the line delineated on the map,
■with the one described in his note, would have the
effect of strengthening not a little the claims of
Great Britain, in her own estimation and that of
the world. But the facts stated, and the map ex-
hibited by the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, [Mr. Rives,] are not the only or the
strongest disclosure made during the discussion.
The French map introduced by the Senator fiom
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] from Mr. Jefferson's col-
lection in the Congress library, in order to rebut
the inference from the former, turned out to be still
more so. That was made in the village of Passy,
in the year after the treaty of peace was negotiated,
where Franklin (who was one of the negotiators)
resided, and was dedicated to him; and that has the
boundary line drawn in exact conformity to the
other, and in the manner described in the note of
Dr. Fianklin—a line somewhat moie adverse to us
than that claimed by Great Britain. But, as sin-
king as is this coincidence, he was far from regard-
ing it as sufficient lo establish the claim of Great
Britain. It would, however, be in vain to deny
that it was a corroborating circumstance, calcula-
ted to add no small weight to her claim.
It would be still further increased by the fact
that France was our ally at the time, ajnd, as such,
must have been consulted, and kept constantly
advised of all that occurred during the progress of
the negotiation, including its final result. It would
be idle to suppose that these disclosures would not
weigh heavily against us in any future negotiation.
They would, so much so—taken in connexion wilh
the adverse award of the King of Holland, and
this treaty, should it be rciected—as to render hope-
less any full1 re attempt lo settle the question by ne-
gotiation or aibitrnlion. No alternative wonM be
gemics. i also found another map in tho Archive-, on which
the same bouuriai y wos traced ui a dotted ict-l line with a pen,
apparently copied from the other.
UI enclose herewith a map of Maine, on which I have tluwn
a strong black line, corresponding with iho ted one above-men-
tioned."
1 am farfioi-n intimating (said Mi Rives) that the docu-
ments discovered by Mr. Sp.irk?-, cuiuiis and woll woithyol
consideration os ihcy undoubtedly ,ne, oie of wotshi snthoiout
to bhakc the tUle of tho United k. founded on the positive
language oi the tieaiy of peacc. But (hey could not fail, in the
cveni of another ivfcmiwi, to jjub mcieaj-rd ctiiifidt'm e cind
cmpha^i-? to the pietritsimm of ftrciit Britain, and to t>\prt a cor-
responding influence upon the mmdof theatbitrr Iti.swonh
while, m thw connexion, to tuinto what Lord A^hburton has
aaid, in ono of ins communications to Mr Webster, who,i ex-
plaining his views of the portion o( the highlands dcscubed m
the treaty
"My inspection « f the inapt, and my examination of the doc-
uments," aaya his> l.ord&hip, "lead me to a vciy strong convic-
tion that th«' highlands contemplated by the negotiators of the
treaty were tbe only highlands then known to ihem--af///£
head of thr Prnobtraty Kenncbrc, and th?i ttki&• xc&t of the
St. Croix: and that they did not precisely know how the north
line from the tft. Croix would strike then'; and it it were not
my wish toshrutcb tht.< discussion, I believe a vciy geodaicu-
nient mitrht be drawn fiom the wvtds of the (u-aty in proof ol
this. In the negotiations with Mr. Liv tng-sion, and afterwaids
with Mr McLanp, this view seemed to ptevail, and, ;is you aie
aware, there were piopo^nh to seaicb for these highlands to the
west, whcie alone, I believe, they will be found to an.-nv^r pot •
fectly the description of the treaty, ff thru question should ?iv-
fortiinutrly go to a fvi ther reft") cncc, I should by no means
despair oj finding tsvmr, cowfn nudivn of this view of the
case."
K us for theSwiats to c,outsider (added Mr, KivesO whether
there would no? he much risk of introducing new complications
and embarrassments m this con'roveisy, by leaving u open 'n*
another legated refetencc: and if the limi^h Government—
strongly prepossessed, as it-3 min'Ftrr tell us it is, with the jus-
ace of itsclaims—would not find wh.P ;t would naturally con-
sider a peisuasive "confiimation ol its view of the ca-e" in
documents such a& thus*; encountered '■> Mr. Spaiks in his
historical icsearchesin the archives of Fi r.nce
A map has been vauntingly paraded heie, from Mr Jefferson's
collection, in the z-:alot opposition, (without; taking time to see
what it was,) to confront and invalidate the map found by Mr.
Sparks in the Foreign Office a'Paris; bu{. the moroei t it i«rs-
ammed, it it  found to stHum, bv the most precise and remark-
able correspondence in cveiy feature, the map communicated
by Mr. Spark-*. The Senator who produced it, could see noth-
ing but the microscopic dotted line iimnmg off m a norsheast-
etly direction; but the moment uihir tyee weie applied to
it, there was found, m hold relief, a strong red line, indrca
ting the lim'ts of thb Unved States according to the tieaty
of peace, and coinciding, minutely and exactly, with the bound
ary tra ed on the map of Mr ^parLs. That this red bne. and
not the hardly visible dotteo line, wa< intended to represent the
limits of the Unit'd States according to the tc aty of peace, is
conclusiTely shown by 'he c'rcumstar.cft that the red line is
drawn on the map all r-mi.nd iheex'eiior boundary of the Tim-
ted States;—through the middle, of tho Northern Lakes, thence
throuzh the Long Lake and the Rainy Like to the Lake of the
Woods; and from the western extremity of the Lake of the
Woods to the river Mississippi: and along that river, to the
point where the boundary of the United States, according to the
treaty of peace, leaves if; and thence, by its castei!y couiee. to
the month of the St,fMary!s,on the Atlantic,
left us, but to yield to the full extent of the British
claim, or to put Maine in possession by force—and
thai, too, with the opinion and sympathy of the
world against us and our cause. In his opinion,
we would be bound to attempt it, in justice to Maine,
should we retuse to agree to what she has assent-
ed. So much for the boundary question, as far as
Maine is concerned.
Having now shown (satisfactorily, he hoped) that
Maine has acted wisely for herself in assentii g to
the treaty, it remained to be considered whether we,
the representatives of the Union on such questions,
would not also do so in latifying it—so far, at least,
as the boundary question is involved. He would
add nothing to what had already been said of the
portion in which Maine was immediately interest-
ed His remarks would be confined to the remain-
ing portion of the boundary, extending from the
northwestern corner of that State to the Rocky
mountains.
Throughout this long-extended line, every ques-
tion has been settled lo our satisfaction. Our right
has been acknowledged to a territory of about one
hundred thousand acres of land, in New Hamp-
shire, which would have been lost by the award of
the King of Holland. A long gore of about the
same amount, lying in Vermont and New York,
and which was lost under the treaty of Ghent,
would be regained by this. It includes Rouse's
Point. Sugar Island, lying in the water connexion
between Lakes Huron and Superior, and hereto-
fore in dispute, is acknowledged to be ours; it is
large, and valuable for soil and position. So, also,
is We Royale, near the northern shore of Lake Su-
perior, acknowledged to be ours—a large island,
and valuable for its fisheries. And, also, a large
trait of country to the north and west of that fake,
between Fond du I.ac and the river St. Louis on
one side, and Pigeon river on the other—containing
four mi 1Jions of acres It is said to be sterile; bnt
cannot well he more so than that acquired by Great
Britain, lvmg west of the boundary awarded by the
King of Holland. In addition, all the islands in
the river St. Lawrence and the lake?, which were
divided in running out the division line under pre-
vious treaties, are acquired by us under this; and
all the channels and passages are opened lothe
common uses of our citizcns and the subjects of
Great Britain.
Such are the provisions of the treaty in refer-
ence lo this long line of boundary. Our gain—re-
garded in the most contracted point of view, r,s
mere equivalents for the sum assumed to be paid
by us to Maine and Massachusetts for their assent
lo the treaty—is vastly greater than what we have
contracted to pay. Taking the whole boundary
question together, and summing up the loss and
gain of the whole, including what aflects Maine
and Massachusetts; and be could not doubt that,
regaided merely as setoffs, our gain greatly ex-
ceeded our loss—vastly so, compared to what it
would have been under the award of the King of
Holland, including the equivalent which our Gov-
ernment was willing to allow Maine for her assent.
But it would be, indeed, to take a very contracted
view to regard it in that light. It would be to
overlook the vast importance of permanently es-
tablishing, between two such powers, a line of
boundary of several thousand miles, abounding in
disputed points of much difficulty and long standing.
The treaty, he trusted, would do much to lay the
foundation of a solid peaee between the countries
—a thingso much to be desired.
It is certainly much to be regretted, after settling
so large a portion of the boundary, that the part
beyond the Rooky mountains should remain unad-
justed. Its settlement would have contributed
much to strengthen the foundation of a durable
peaee. But would it be wise to reject the treaty, be-
cause all has not been done that could be desired1
He placed a high value on our territory on the
west of those mountains, and held our title toil to
be clear; but he would regard it as an act of con
summate folly, to stake our claim on a trial of
strength at this time. The territory is now held
by joint occupancy, under the treaty of Ghent;
which either party may terminate by giving to the
other six months''notiee. If we were to attempt to
assert our exclusive right of occupancy at present,
the certain loss of the territory must be the result;
for the plain reason, that Great Britain could con-
centrate there a much larger force, naval and mili-
tary, in a much shorter time, and at for less expens ,
than we could. That will not be denied; but it
will not always be the case. Our population is
steadily—he might say rapidly—advancing across
the continent, to the borders of the Pacific ocean.
Judging from past experience, the tide of popu-
lation will sweep across the Rocky mountains,
with resistless force, at no distant period; whfen
what we claim will quietly fall into our hands,
without expense or bloodshed. Time is acting for
us. "Wait patiently, and all we claim will he
ours; but if we attempt to seize it by force, it will
be sure to elude our grasp.
Havingnow stated his reasons for voting to ratify
the articles in the treaty relating to the boundary,
he would next proceed to assign those that would
govern his vote on the two relating to the African
slave-trade. And here he would premise, that there
are several circumstances, which caused no small
repugnance on his part to any stipulations whatever
with Great Britain on the subject of those articles;
and he would add, that he would have been grati-
fied if they, and all other stipulations on the subject,
could have been entirely omitted; but he must, at
the same time, say he did not see how it was possi-
ble to avoid entering into some arrangement on the
subject. To understand the difficulty, it will be
necessary to advert to the course heretofore taken
by our Government in reference to the subject, and
the circumstances under which the negotiations
that resulted in this treaty commenced.
Congress at an early day—as soon, in fact, asjt
could legislate on the subject under the Constitu-
tion—passed laws enacting severe penalties against
the African slave-trade. That was followed by the
treaty of Ghent, which declared it to be irreconcila-
ble with the principles of humanity and justice, and
stipulated that both of the parties—the United
States and Great Britain—should use their best
endeavors to effect its abolition. Shortly after,
an act of Congress was passed declaring it to
be piracy; and a resolution was adopted by
Congress, requesting the President to enter into
arrangements with other powersfor its suppression.
Great Britain,actuated by the same feelings, succeed-
ed in making treaties with the European maritime
powers for its suppression; and, not long before the
commencement of this negotiation, had entered into
joint stipulations with the five great powers to back
her on the question of search. She had thus acquired
a general supervision of the trade along, the Afri-
can coast; so that vessels carrying the flag of every
other country, except ours, were subject on that
coast to the inspection of her cruisers, and to be
captured, if suspected of being engaged in the
slave-trade. In consequence, ours became almost
the only flag used by those engaged in the trade,
whether our own people or foreigners; although our
laws inhibited the traffic under the severest penal-
ties. In this state of things, Great Britain put for-
ward the claim of the right of search as indispen-
sable lo suppress a trade prohibited by the laws of
the civilized world, and to the execution of
the laws and treaties of the nations associated
with her by mutual engagements lor its suppres-
sion. At this stage, a correspondence took place
between our late minister at the Court of St. James
and Lord Palmerston on the subject, in which the
latter openly and boldly claimed the right of search,
and which was promptly and decidedly repelled on
our side. We had long since taken our stand
against it, and had resisted its abuse, as a belliger-
ent right, at the mouth of the cannon. Neither
honor nor policy on our part could tolerate its
exercise in time of peace, in any form—whether in
that of search, as claimed by Lord Palmerston; or
the less offetisiveand unreasonable one of visitation,
as proposed by his successor, Lord Aberdeen. And
yet we were placed in such circumstances as to re-
quire that something should be done. It was in such
a state of things that the negotiation commenced—
and commenced, in part, in reference to this sub-
ject, which was tending rapidly to bring the two
countries into collision. On our side, we were
deeply committed against the traffic, both by legis-
lation and treatv The influence and the efforts of
the civilized world were directed against it—and
that, too, under our lead at the commencement; and
with such success as to compel vessels engaged in
it to take shelter, almost exclusively, under the
fraudulent use of our flag. To permit such a state
of things to continue, could not but deeply impeach,
our honor, and turn the sympathy of the world
against us. On the other side, Great Britain had
acquired, by treaties, the right of supervision, in-
cluding that of search and capturing, over the trade
on the coast of Africa, with the view to its sup-
pression. from all the maritime powers except our-
