August, 1842.
AfiPfcNDl* to flffiS CONGttfiSSlONAL GLOB«:
S3
27th Cono   -3d Sbs8.
The British Treaty—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
said. As to the last, he did not doubt that the
strong ground taken in the correspondence against
the impressment of seamen on board of our mer-
chant vessels, in time of war, would have a good
effect. It will contribute to convince Great Brit-
ain that the practice cannot be renewed, in the
event of another European war, without a certain
and immediate conflict between the two countries.
I (said Mr. Calhoun) have now stated my opinion
fully and impartially on thetreaty,with the connecied
subjects. On reviewing the whole, and weighing
the reasons for and against its ratification, I cannot
doubt that the former greatly preponderate. If we
have not gained ail-that could be desired, we have
gained much that is desirable; and, if all has not
been settled, much has been—and that, not of little
importance. It is not of little importance to have
the Northeastern boundary settled—and that, too,
with the consent of the States immediately inter-
ested: a subject which has been in dispute almost
from the origin of the Government, and which
had become more and more entangled, and adverse
to our claim, on every attempt heretofore made to
settle it. Nor is it of little importance to have the
whole line of boundary between us and the British
dominions, from the source of the St. Croix to
the Rocky mountains, settled—a line of more than
three thousand miles, with many disputed points of
long standing, the settlement of which had baffled
all previous attempts. Nor is it of little import-
ance to have adjusted the embarrassments relating
to the African slave-trade, by adopting the least ob-
jectionable of the alternatives. Nor to have the
principles of the law of nations for which w.e con-
tended, m reference to the Creole and other cases of
the kind, recognised by Great Britain; nor to have
a solemn pledge against their recurrence, with a
reasonable assurance of satisfactory stipulations by
treaty. Nor is it of little importance to have, by
the settlement of these inveterate and difficult ques-
tions, the relation of the two countries settled
down in amity and peace—permanent amity and
peace, as it may be hoped—in the place of that
doubtful, unsettled condition, between peace and war,
which has for so many years characterized it, and
which is so hostile to the interest and prosperity of
both countries.
Peace (said Mr. C.) is the first of our wants,
in the present condition of our country. We
wanted peace, to reform our own 'Government,
and to relieve the country from its great embarrass-
ments. Our Government is deeply disordered; its
credit is impaired; its debt increasing; its expend-
itures extravagant and wasteful; its disbursements
without efficient accountability; and its taxes (for
duties are but taxe.^) enormous, unequal, and op-
pressive to the great producing classes of the
country. Peace, settled and undisturbed, is indis-
pensable to a thorough reform, and such a re-
form to the duration ol the Government. But, so
long as the relation between the two countries con-
tinues in a state of doubt between peace and war,
all attempts at such reform will prove abortive.
The first step in any such, to be successful, must
be to reduce the expenditures to the legitimate and
economical wants of the Government. Without
that, there can be nothing worthy of the name; but
in an unsettled state of the relations ofthe two coun-
tries, all attempts at reduction will be baffled by
the cry of war, accompanied by insinuations
against the patriotism of those who may be so
hardy as to make them. Should the treaty be
ratified, an end will be put to that, and no excuse
or pretext be left to delay the great and indispensa-
ble work of reform. This may not be desirab'e to
those who see, or fancy they see, benefits in high
duties and wasteful expenditures; but, by the great
producing and tax-payin" portions of the commu-
nity, it will be regarded as one of the greatest of
blessings. These are not the only reasons for want-
ing peace. We want it, to enable the people and
the States to extricate themselves from their em-
barrassments. They are both borne down by heavy
debts, contracted in a period of fallacious prosperi-
ty, from which there is no other honest and honora-
ble extrication but the payment of what is due. To
enable both States and individuals to pay their
debts, they must be left in full possession of all their
means, with as little exactions or restrictions on
their industry as possible on the part of this Gov-
ernment. To this, a settled state of peace, and an
open and free commerce, are indispensable. With
these, and the increasing habits of economy and in-
dustry now everywhere pervading the country, the
period of embarrassment will soon pass away, to
be succeeded by one of permanent and healthy
prosperity.
Peace is, indeed, our policy. A kind Provi-
dence has cast our lot on a portion of the globe
sufficiently vast to satisfy the most grasping ambi-
tion, and abounding in resources beyond all others,
which only require to be fully developed to make
us the greatest and most prosperous people on earth.
To the full development of the vast resources of
our country, we have political institutions rn^t
happily constituted. Indeed, it would be difficulro
imagine a system more so than our Federal Re-
public—a system of State and General Govern-
ments, so blended as to constitute one sublime whole;
the latter having charge of the interests common to
all, and the former those local and peculiar to each
State. With a system so happily constituted, let a
durable and firm peace be established, and this
Government be confined rigidly to the few great
objects for which it was instituted; leaving the States
to contend in generous rivalry, to develop, by the
arts of peace, their respective resources, and a
scene of prosperity and happiness would follow,
heretofore unequalled on the globe. I trust (said
Mr. C.) that this treaty may prove the first step to-
wards such a peace. Once established with Great
Britain, it would not be difficult, with moderation
and prudence, to establish permanent peace with
the rest of the world, when our most sanguine hopes
of prosperity may be realized.
BRITISH TREATY.
secret session.
REMARKS OF~MR. WILLIAMS,
of maine.
In Senate, August 19,1842.—On thetreaty of Wash-
ington.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr. President : I can truly say that "this is not
the entertainment to which my Slate was invited."
Soon after the arrival in this country of the special
minister from England, the Governor of Maine was
notified of that fact, and informed that this minis-
ter was charged with full powers from his sovereign
to negotiate and settle the different matters in dis-
cussion between the two Governments; and had of-
ficially announced to this Government that, in re-
gard to the boundary question, he had authority to
treat for a conventional line, or line by agreement,
on such terms and conditions, and with such mutual
considerations and equivalents, as might be thought
just and equilnble: that he was ready to enter upon
a negotiation for such conventional line, as soon as
this Government should say it was authorized and
ready, on its part, to commence such negotiation.
And a strong appeal was made by this Government
to the Governor of Maine to convene the Legisla-
ture, in order that authority might be communica-
ted to this Government to settle the controversy, by
agreeing upon a new line of boundary. It was
known that Maine had heretofore declined to give
her assent to a conventional line, and insisted upon
the line as described in the treaty of 1783; and, to
induce her to yield her assent, it was announced, in
the letter of the Secretary ,of State to the Governor
of Maine, that the President felt it to be his duty,
unless some new course should be proposed, to
cause the negotiation (for another arbitration) to be
resumed, and pressed to Us conclusion.
The Governor of Maine did not hesitate, upon
such an invitation, and upon such announcements,
to convene the Legislature, in a busy season of the
year, and at great expense to the State; and to sub-
mit to its serious consideration the communication
made to him from this Government.
That Legislature—"declaring its solemn convic-
tion that the boundary of Maine, on its northern
and northeastern frontiers, as designated in the
treaty of 1783, can be laid down and fixed accord-
ing "to the terms of that treaty; and that such
line embraces all the territory over which
Maine claims property, sovereignty, and juris-
diction; and that the Executive and Congress
of the United States had recognised the va-
lidity of that claim, in its full extent"—was yet
willing to regard the recommendation and request
of the President with all the respect due to the
high source from which they came; and to look
caretully at the suggestions made by him, as the
head of the Government of the Uni'm, upon a
subject so interesting to Maine, as well\as to her
sister States of the Confederacy. Thjs} looking
at the communication torn this Government to
the Governor of Maine, if was seen that, "without
the concurrence of the two States of Massachusetts
and Maine, (whose rights are more immediately
concerned—both having an interest in the soil, and
one of them in the jurisdiction and gojernment,}
the duty of the General Government wilj be to
adopt_ no new course; but, in compliance with
treaty stipulations, and in furtherance of what has
already been done, to hasten the pending negotia-
tions as fast as possible;" that "the President thinks
it a highly desirable object to prevent the delays
necessarily incident to any settlement of the
question by these means," (negotiation and ar-
bitration;) that "it had been lound that the ex-
ploration and examination of the several lines
constitute a work of three years;" that "the ex-'
isting commission for making such explora-
tion, under the authority of the United States, has
been occupied two summers; and a very considera-
ble portion of the work remains to be done;" that
"if a joint commission should be appointed, and go
tlyoagh, the same work, and the commissioners
should disagree, (as is very possible,) and an arbitra-
tion on that account become indispensable, the ar-
bitrators might find it necessary to make an explo-
ration and survey themselves, or cause the same to
be done by others of their own appointment;" that
"if to these causes, operating to postpone the final-
decision, be added the time necessary to appoint
arbitrators, and for their preparation to leave Eu-
rope for the service, and the various retarding in-
cidents always attending such operations, seven or
eight years constitute, perhaps, the shortest period
within which we can look for a final result;" that,
"in the mean time, great expenses have been incur- '
red, and further expenses cannot be avoided;" that
"it is well known that the controversy has brought
heavy charges upon Maine herself, to the remunera-
tion or proper settlement of which she cannot he ex-
pected to be indifferent;" that "the exploration by
the Government of the United States has already
cost one hundred thousand dollars; and the charge
of another summer's work is in prospect;" that
"these facts may be sufficient to form a probable
estimate ofthe whole expense likely to be incurred
before the controversy can be settled by arbitration;
and our experience admonishes us that another , ar-
bitration might fail;" that "the opinion of this Gov-
ernment upon the justice and validity of the Ameri-
can claim has been expressed so many times, that a
repetition of that opinion is not necessary;" that "the
subject is asubject in dispute;" that "the Government
has agreed to make it a subject of reference
and arbitration; and it must fulfil that agreement, '
unless another mode for settling the controversy
should be resorted to, with a hope of speedier de-
cision;" that "the President proposes that the Gov-
ernments of Maine and Massachusetts should sev-
erally appoint commissioners empowered to confer
with the authorities of this Government upon a con-
ventional line, or line by agreement, with its terms,
considerations, and equivalents, with an under-
standing that no such line be agreed upon without
the assent of such commissioners;" that "this mode
of proceeding, or some other which shall express
assent beforehand, seems indispensable, if any ne-
gotiation for a conventional line is to be had; since,
if happily a treaty should be the result of a nego-
tiation, it can only be submitted to the Senate of the.
United States for ratification," and that "these con-
siderations, in addition to the importance of the
subject, and a firm conviction in the mind of the
President that the interests of both countries, as
well as the interests of the two States more imme-
diately concerned, require a prompt effort to bring
this dispute to an end, constrain him to express an
earnest hope that your Excellency will convene
the Legislature of Maine, and submit the subject to
its grave and candid deliberation."
It cannot be unknown to the Senate and to the
country, that Maine, ever since she became a State,
has insisted upon her absolute and perfect right to
all the territory claimed by her; and that such is
her right, has been admitted and proclaimed by
all departments of the General Government. Maine
has uniformly protested against her right being
brought into jeopardy by any submission of it to
arbitration; and the protest of the lamented
Governor Lincoln, now in the archives of the De-
partment of State, and published by order of Con-
gress, prior to the submission to the King of the
Netherlands, will long be cherished by the citi-
zens of Maine as a noble and masterly effort of a
patriot and statesman to arr?n the downward cq k§
- 1
