APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOBl.
August, 1842.
£7th Cotfa--3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
which diplomacy and treaties had given to our
onceceftain and undisputed title, and should have
prevented the submission of the territorial rights of
a sovereign State to the arbitrament of any foreign
power. But, unfortunately for Maine, and I think
for the nation, the reference was made; and we all
know the result of it—precisely what was foretold;
the arbiter split the difference, recommending a
line which he thought more convenient, and giving
to Great Britain that portion of the territory
claimed by Maine which was necessary to the di-
rect communication between th^Brilish provinces
of Canada and New Brunswick. That award or
recommendation was not ratified by this Govern-
ment; and further efforts have been made on our
part to obtain a settlement of the line, according to
the treaty of 1783; but the British Government
would not treat further that basis, unless our
Government would first agree to certain pre-
liminaries, which would weaken, if not destroy, our
claim. And now, ten years after the award of the
King of the Netherlands was rejected, Maine is
told by this General Government, to which she
has a right to look for the protection and preserva-
tion of her rights, and which is bound by the Con-
stitution to defend her in the enjoyment of her
whole territory, that, unless she will authorize a
conventional line, her rights must again- be sub-
jected to the judgment and final disposition and ar-
bit(am'ent of foreigners!—that seven or eight years
is'tjieleast time in which we may expect a decision;
and then it may fail, as did the former attempt lo
settle the question by arbitration!!
Mr. President, the people of Maine, as well as
their Legislature, have a perfect horror of seeing
their rights, or the rights of any sovereign State of
this Union, submitted again to the arbitrament and
disposal of any foreign sovereign whatever. Our
controversy is with Great Britain—-between a re-
public on one side, and a monarchy on the other;
and this controversy relates to the line dividing
our States and her provinces; to what belongs lo vs
by the terms of the treaty which acknowledged our
independence, and to what is claimed lo be neces-
sary to the safely and convenience of her provinces.
Was it safe or prudent to submit our rights in such
a case to any arbitration1 and more especially is it
safe again to submit them to such an arbitration as
that held out to Maine as the onlu alternative, (if
she will not consent to a conventional line,) to
consist of arbitrators to be appointed by some of
the sovereig ns of Europe'!
Mr. President, Great Britain n-, an old, powetful,
and intriguing Government. Xler influence and
diplomacy pervade all European Governments;
and what could Maine ovpect from arbitrators
chosen by thov Governments! We have not for-
gotten the result of one arbitration; and who can
expect us to run the risk of another, to be consti-
tuted as proposed by the President? No, sir, Maine
does not wish her rights submitted to the will or
judgmentof foreigners, or to arbitrators appointed by
foreigners.
This was well understood here, before the Pres-
ident made Jiis appeal to the Governor of Maine
lo convene the Legislature, and submit the .subject
to its grave and candid consideration; and it was
also known here, as well as in Maine, that while
the people of Maine, and all departments i f her
Government, had the most unshaken confidence in
her perfect right by the treaty of 1783 to all the dis-
puted territory; yet that there was a general will-
ingness on her part lo modify the line of the treaty
so thai a new line might be established more con-
venient to both parties than that described in the
treaty;—such, for instance, as giving to Great lirita in
all north and east of the .St, John,and to Maine
ail west and south of that river; or to give toGreat
Britain the line recommended by the Dutch kin"
and to Maine the strip of land north of Eel river
and west of the St. John, with the right of naviga-
tion, and other equivalents; or of yielding to Great
Bu'tain a permanent right of way over our territo-
ify, to convene her provinces, for a permanent ri"ht
of navigation of that part of the St. John within
her limits, to convene the citizens of Maine set-
tled upon the St. John and its tributaries.
In this condition of things it was that the Presi-
dent announced lo the Governor of Maine the ar-
rival at the seat of Government of a minister plen-
ipotentiary and special, with full powers from his
sovereign to negotiate and settle all matters in dis-
cussion bet ween the two Governments, and that that
minister had announced that he was authorized to
treat for a conventional line, or Jineby agreement.
on such terms and conditions, and with such mu-
tual considerations at d equivalents, as may be
thought just and reasonable.
The Legislature was assembled, and the Presi-
dent's views, as contained in the letter of the Sec-
retary of State, were submitted to it; and the result
was the following, among other preamble and res-
olutions, viz:
"Whereas the Government of the United States, not possess-
ing the constitutional power to conclude any such negotiation
w^hout the assent of Maine, has invited the Government of this
State toco-operate to a certain extent and in a certain form, in
an endeavor to terminate a controversy of so long duration.
Now, considering the premises, and believing that the people of
the United States, after having already manifested a forbear-
ance honorable to their character, under long-continued viola-
tions of their rights by a foreign nation; and though not dis-
posed to yield to unfounded pretensions, are still willing, in re.
gard to the proposal now made by the General Government, to
give additional evidence to their fellow-citizens throuehoutthe
United States of their desire to preserve < he peace of this Uaion,
by taking measures to discuss and conclude,if possible, the sub-
ject in controveisy in a manner that will secure the honor and
interest ol the State, I his Legislature adopts the following reso-
lutions—with the understanding, however, thati, n the event of
a failure of such endeavor toward an arrangement, no pro-
ceedings thereunder shall be so construed as to prejudice in
any manner the rights of the fctate as they have been heiein
asserted to f-xist
_ "JResolved, That there shall he chosen, by ballot, in conven-
tion of both branches of (he Legislature lour persons who aie
hereby appointed commissioners on the part of this State to
repair to the seat of Government of the United States, and to
confer with the authorities of that Government touching a con-
ventional line, or line by agreement, between the state of Maine
and the British provinces, having regard to the line designated
by me treaty of 1783, as uniformly claimed by this Slate, and
to the declaiations and views expressed in the foregoing pre-
amble; and to give the assent of this State to any such conven-
tional line, with such terms, conditions, considerations, and
equivalents, as they s^iail deem consistent with the honor and
inteiPKtsof the State with the understanding that no such line
be agreed upon without the unanimous assent of such com-
missioners
liJiesolord, That this State cannot regard the relinquishment
by the British Government of any claim heretofore ad-
vanced btj it to teuilonj included irithxn the limits of the
hue of ihis Slate as designated by the treaty of 178'J,' and
uniformly claimed f>y Maine, as a consideration or equt va-
era it-it kin the meaning of these resolutions."
The commissioners, thus appointed and thus au-
thorized, came here in the fond hope of aiding the
General Government ill settling the long-pending
and irritating question of the Northeastern bound-
ary, in a manner honorable to both nations, consist-
ent with the rights of Maine, and promoting the
convenience of the citizens and subjects of both
countries. And how were these fond hopes blasted!
The first official communication in rclerence to our
boundary is that of Lord Ashburton, of 21st June,
wherein he shadows forth the line of boundary and
equivalents which he came all the way from Eng-
land, as the special minister of her Majesty, to offer
to us as "a line by agreement, on such terms and
conditions, and with such mutual considerations
and equivalents, as may be thought^s/ and reason-
able." And what is it? To understand what it is,
we must take the answer of the commissioners of
Maine, ol 99th June, in connexion with his Lord-
ship's letter; and it will be seen that this is the
amount of it;—the river St/John, from the place
where the due-north line from the monument at
the source of the St. Croix strikes it, to some one
of its sources, (meaning the source near the head
waters of the Penobscot and Kennebec,) with a
strip Oil the suuth side of the St. John, to include
the Madawaska settlement, and to extend from the
Aroostook to Fob river, shall be the boundary;
and that all lumber and produce of the forest of the
tributary waters of the St. John shall be received
freely, without duty, and dealt with in everv re-
spect like the same'articles in the province of New
Brunswick, is the equivalent!! in other words, his
Lordship proposes to take from Maine about 'five
millions of acres of her territory, and to compensate
her therefor by allowing the timber of the forest of
the tributary waters of the St. John to be received
freely and without duty at the city of St. John's—
their marhel—and dealt with in every respect like
their produce; theieby securing a trade quite as
important and beneficial to their provinces as
to Maine1 Mr. President, 1 was glad to see
that this proposition, so unjust in itself, and so in-
sulting to the people of Maine, was promptly re-
jected by oui commissioners; and my regret is," that
they did not content themselves with simply an-
nouncing that fact. I feel confident that they would
have been justified in so doing, not only by the
Legislature and people of Maine, but by the nation.
More especially so, when it is disclosed in that
same communication of June 29th, « that they hay-
been assuiedthat Lord Ashburton \s rest rained by
tus instructions from yielding the island of Grand
Menan? ot tiny other ol the island^ in Passoma-
quoddy bay, or even any portion of the narrow strip
of territory which lies between the due-north line
from the source of the St. Croix and the St. John's
river, above Eel river, (so called,) as an equivalent
forany portion of the territory claimed by Maine as
within her boundaries!" Restrained by his in-
structions! Why, sir, was not the Governor
of Maine assured by the President that Lord
Ashburton, a minister plenipotentiary and spe-
cial,,had arrived, charged with full powers from
his sovereign to negotiate and settle all matt<-rs in
controversy 1 And that he, (Lord Ashburton,) had
officially announced to this Government, that, in re-
gard to the boundary question, he had authority to
treat for a conventional line, with such mutual con-
siderations and equivalents asmighl be thought just
and equitable? Further, sir; is it not true, as has been
staled by many,that the Legislature of Maine were
restrained from limiting the powers of their com-
missioners, by representations, from here that Lord
Ashburton, having full pou-ers, might object to
treating at all with commissioners not possessing
equally full powers ?
If the commissioners on the part of Maine, upon
learning the boundary and equivalents proposed by
Lord Ashburton—and more especially upon finding
that he was icslrainedby instructions—had content-
ed themselves with 1 ejecting the proposition of Lord
Ashburton, (as they very properly did,) we would
not have had such a treaty as that now under con-
sideration to act upon. Lord Ashburton must
have been relieved from the restraint imposed upon
him by instructions, or have suffered the nego-
tiation to terminate upon his proposition; which
the nation would applaud the commissioners of
Maine for rejecting. But it -was not so. The
commissioners were unwilling to forego any rea-
sonable chance of adjusting a controversy so long-
pending, and so vexatious to the people of Maine;
they knew that the Geneial Government, the State
Governments, the nation itself, were all desirous
that the question should be settled; and, il not settled,
through any fault or obstinacy on their part, that
Mainewould stand worse than erei upon this all-in-
teresting question, at home and abroad; hence their
counter proposition to Lord Ashburton, more liberal
and yielding more for peice and good neighbor-
hood than could have been anticipated by the peo-
ple or by the Legislature of Maine, that was re-
jected; and there the subject would have rested, but
for the tenewed efforts by the General Government
itself whereby the line and equivalents mentioned
m the treaty now under consideration, were pre-
sented to the commissioneis with the following re-
marks: &
"The tine suggested, with the compensations and equiva-
lents which have been slated, is nnw submitted for -your con.
stderation. That 11 is all which might have been hoped for took,
nig to the strength of the Amencaa claim, car) haidly be said
Bui, as the set'lement of a coniroveisy of such duration is a
matler of high importance; as equivalents of undoubted value
ate ottered; as longer postponement and delay would lead to
turtner inconvenience, and to the incurring of further ei.
penees; and as no better occasion—or, peihaps, any other orca.
sion—for settling theboundaiy by agreement, or on the prmci-
ple of equivalents, is ever likely to piesent itself, the Govern-
ment of the TTm'ed States hopes that the commissioners of the.
two totalis wilt tiiid it lo be consistent wilh their duty to assent
to the line proposed, and to the tetms anil conditions attending
the preposition. ulil=
The President has felt the deepest anxiety for the amicable
eftlement of thequestion, in a manner honorable to the conn,
try, ami such .-s should pm-ei ve the , ight„ and interests of the
Si,i es concerned. I t or,-, the moment of the announcement of
I.ord Ashliui ton's miss,on, he has sidulously endeavored lo
pursue a course the most respectful towards the States, ami the
•list us, ml to tleu interests, as well as most becomine lo'
me inanity and craracter of the (Joveri.ment. lie Wil! be han-
py if the result shall be such as shall satisfy Maine and Mas
tachusetts, as well as the rest of tho conntiy With ttie=e sen"
tlmentsonthe paitof the President, end with the comtckm
that no more adeintatrrom arrow; em ant can he made the
suhtect is now l-eteri-ed to the grave delibeirion of the com
miseionen." lU!Ji
Ah! no bcttei occasion, and perhaps any other
occasion for settling the boundary by agreement
is ever likely to present bself, and with 'the con-
Vfctmn that no more advantageous anavseraent
can be mode, the subjcct is leferred ro the 'grave
deliberation of the commissioners. By whom" Bv
he resident, and that Government which is bound
by the Constitution to protect Maine in all her
rights, and without whose protection it is ram for
any Slate to contend with a foreign Government
however just and well founded be her claim!
lhus aoanoored and thus admonished bv the otilv
power to which Maine could look for the main-
tenance and establishment of her just rights it is
said that Mie has assaded to the line: and hence
that we are called upon merely to ratify and con-
firm what has been agreed upon by the parties im*
