S6
APPlBrtttt TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
Atigast, 184&.
27th Cong  « Sd Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Conrad.
Senate.
disagreed to the line and terms proposed. The
Legislature intrusted then with that power; and we
have no reason to suppose that the Legislature
vrotild have authorized them to refer to the Senate
of the United States the power to make a new
line of boundary and to fix the equivalents. We
know the Legislature did not so authorize them;
but, on the contrary, required the unanimous con-
sent of all the commissioners to any line which
should be agreed upon; and expressly declared that
it could not regard the relinquishmentbj the British
Government of any claim heretofore advanced by
it to any territory within the limits of Maine ac-
cording to the treaty of 1783 as uniformly claimed
by Maine, as a consideration or equivalent.
How, then, stands the question of assent on the
part of Maine1? If the Senate, upon mature consid-
eration, shall advise and consent to the ratification
of the treaty upon the terms and conditions therein
contained;—in other words, if the Senate shall pro-
• liounce it honorable and expedient that Maine shall
surrender a portion of her birthright upon the terms
and conditions named—then, and then only, you have
the assent of Maine to the sacrifice, for the public
good. For one, I cannot do it. My own convic-
tions of the perfect right of Maine to all the dis-
puted territory, forbid it. I would go far, very far,
to compromise this dispute upon honorable terms;
and I would not be particular as to the value of
equivalents. But J|hold that Great Britain has con-
tiguous territory, convenient to us, which she might
and ought to give in exchange for the territory be-
longing to us, which she so much needs, and ought
to have, for a just equivalent. This treaty does not
accomplish, fairly, either object—it gives to Great
Britain more than is necessary, and withholds irom
Maine what she ought to acquire.
But, Mr President, lam nol insensible thai tins
question of our Northeastern boundary has been
■suffered, most unnecessarily, lobe brought into dis-
pute and controversy. By the treaty of 1783, and
the subsequent determination of what river was in-
tended as the St. Croix, our line ofboundary was
plain, practicable, and perfect; it was identical
with the established lines of the British provinces
of Canada and Nova Scotia—fixed and determined
by the proclamation of 17G3, and by act of Parlia-
ment in 1774 _ On a former occasion L had Ihe
honor to submit lo the Senate my views upon this
question; others did the same; and 1 will now only
refer to the able exposition and vindication of the
Tight of Maine to the whole ol iheterritory claimed
by her, contained in the repou of the Committee
■on Foreign Relations, and lo one ofthe resolutions
adopted unanimously hy the Senate on that occa-
sion, in the following word.-:
"Resolved, Thai, after careful examination ami ilelilinalo
consideration of (lie whole controversy between the IJmlml
Rales anil Ureal liatain, relating to tlic Northeastern bonntlary
of the former, the Kenate does not entertain a doubt of the en-
tire practicability of running ami marking that boundary in
«r,ct conformity with the populations of the definitive treaty of
peace ol 1783; and it entertains a perfect conviction ol the ins.
tke anil validity of the title of the tinned States lo ilie lull ex.
lent of all the teriitoiy in ijlspite between the two powers "
My regret is, that Congress did nut Ihen authoi-
j7.e and direct the running and marking ihat line
according lo the terms of the treaty of nS'i, as pro-
posed by the bill which I then presented. If that
had then been done, we would have escaped the ex-
pense and hazard of the Aroostook' war, I he dis-
grace of having a portion of onr territory seized
and occupied by the military power ol Great llrii-
ain, and the unwelcome task of deciding upon she
present treaty—which sanctions the unjust preten-
sions of the British Government to a portion of
the fruits of our glorious struggle tor independ-
ence.
I will not tax the patience of the Senate with a
recapitulation of the merits of our claim to tie
whole of the disputed territory. Sufiice it to sav,
that the treaty which asserts our independence as a
nation, gives it to us; and that the nation recognises
it. Still, it has been suffered to be brought into
controversy, and is now disputed by a great and
powerful nation. Unfortunately for us, at the
treaty of Ghent, jn 1814, a request on the part o-
the British negotiators to modify or ram the line det
scribed in the treaty of 1783, so as to give to Greaf
Britain a convenient and direct communication be-
tween the provinces of Canada and New Bruns-
wick, was suffered to ripen into on article of that
treaty, which provided for the running and marie
ing that line; and, in ease the commissioners lo
be appointed to that service should disagree they
were to report the grounds of such disagreement
to their respective Governments; and thereupon the
question should be submitted to an arbiter, to deter-
mine upon the points of disagreement. A very
simple and innocent article in appearance, but a
most fatal one in its consequences! From this
sprang the submission to the King of the Nether-
lands, his award, and its rejection—subsequent at-
tempts at negotiation—and the treaty now under
consideration; and, if this treaty be rejected, an-
other reference to arbitrators, to be selected by for-
eign powers, is to follow.
Thus a title, clear and perfect by the treaty of
1783, has been suffered, by diplomacy and treaties,
to bp brought into doubt and controversy, and has
been'agreed to be made the subject of arbitration!
This is the embarrassment which has stood, and yet
remains, in the way of all our efforts to obtain pos-
session of our entire territory; to expel a foreign
power from its military possession of part of it; to
assert and maintain the rights and honor of the na-
tion; and is now held up to us as the only alternative,
if we reject this treaty. What is to be done, under
such circumstances, I admit, is a question of diffi-
culty. If there be no way of escaping the obliga-
tion of again submitting the question to a foreign
arbiter, the result of the former submission should
admonish us to avoid the repetition of that mode of
obtaining our just rights; and the present arrange-
ment may be better than to hazard the loss, by
another reference, of the whole disputed territory.
In common with my constituents, I deprecate
another reference to foreigners, or arbitrators ap-
pointed by foreign powers, and protest against it.
We have already fulfilled the stipulation of the
treaty of Ghent, by referring the question to an ar-
biter. It failed to settle the controversy. The
British Government have insisted that another ref-
erence would be unavailing. I am willing to take
them at their word, and would submit to the Sen-
ate whether, under all the circumstances of the
case, the honor and duty of the nation will not be
belter maintained by falling back upon our original
clear and eettain right under the treaty of 1783,
than by ratifying Ihe present treaty, or sanctioning
another reference, as indicated by the President's
declaration to Ihe Governor of Maine.
I cannot agree to the ratification of the present
treaty. It is unjust to Maine, and, in my judgment,
dishonorable to the nation. I do not desire another
arbitration, which may be mure niiriouslu Maine
than ihe present arrangement. 1 have no confi-
dence in lurlher negotiation. What we have had,
has greatly weakened our once perfect title; and I
sec no other way of getting our right as a nation,
and performing our high obligation to one of the
States of the Union, than by taking possession of
what belongs lo us, and holding it. In such a
course, we will have right and justice on our side.
If others interfere with us, it must be in their own
wrong. With these views, ( send to the Chair the
following resolution, and ask the yeas and nays
upon its adoption:
Ilesalve<J, That the treaty and documents now under ern-
itderdtion, be recommitted to the. Committee on Foreign ltela-
Hon*, witli instructions lo report a lesoiutloit directing the
PrcMilent of lite Tinned SMtes lo take mimed.ale possession of
the disputed territory, and to leportsneh ronttnsent measures
as, ill their opinion, may be necessary to maintain the ju«t nelit
ol the nation.
B U 1TI S H T R E A T Y.
[skcket session]
.SPEECH OF MR. CONRAD,
OF T,CHI'K1A.!MA.
Jn Senate, August 18, IH'O.—On the ratification of
the treaty with Great Bntain.
Mr. CONRAD rose and said—
ll was not my intention, Mr. President, to take
any part in the debate on this treaty; but as I have
come to the determination to vote against it, I feel
bound to assign my reasons for that vote.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, and the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ciioatb,] have vied with each other m eulogising
this treaty as a chef d'wuvte of diplomatic skill. I
cannot perceive, however, in what respect it is so
advantageous to the country.
It contains three principal stipulations: 1st. The
first and most important is, that which fixes our
Northeastern boundary. 2d. It obliges us to main-
tain a naval armament on the coast of Africa, to aid
in the suppression of the slave-trade; and, lastlv it
provides for the mutual surrender, m certain cases
vl fugitives from justice. '
In regard to the first of these provisions. I be-
lieve it is admitted, on all hands, that the line agreed
upon falls far short of our pretensions, and is rather
a compromise of the question than a settlement of
it, according to our interpretation of the treaty of
1783. There probably never was a period, since
the commencement of the controversy, when a com-
promise could not have been effected on as favora-
ble terms.
The second stipulation, although in form a recip-
rocal engagement, is, in point of fact, a conces-
sion on our part. Great Britain already main-
tains, and would, in the absence of any such stipu-
lation, continue to maintain on the coast of Africa
a much larger naval force than she binds herself
to -do by tins treaty. Permit me to observe, too,
Mr. President, that, however willing I may be, by
every proper means, to prevent the prostitution of
our flag to this odious traffic, I would much have
preferred that whatever we did on this subject
should be our own spontaneous act, instead of ap-
pearing to have been exlorted from us by Great
Britain—by that country which, after having long
usurped the police ofthe seas, has recently wheedled
or intimidated one-half of Europe into an acknowl-
edgment ol this preposterous claim. I should have
preferred to see our country maintain the proud at-
titude which Prance, encouraged by the firmness
of our minister, has taken on this subject, and con-
ceded nothing where nothing could rightfully be
demanded.
The third piovision is, that which provides fur
the surrender of criminals in certain eases; m re-
gard to which I shall only observe, that it isa provis-
ion at least as advantageous to Great Britain as to
us, and cannot, therefore, be viewedyas a stipula-
tion in our favor.
This is the substance of the treaty. I cannot per-
ceive in it those advantages that some gentlemen
have professed to do. My objections to it, how-
ever, are not so much on account of what it does,
as of what it does nol contain.
Mr. President, there were three subjects of dif-
lerenee between this country and Great Britain,
the prompt adjustment of which was deemed pe-
culiarly urgent, as they all threatened hourly to
disturb ihe harmony of the two countries. These
were—the s-ttiement of our Northeastern boundary;
the controversy growing out of Ihe destruction of
the Caroline; and, lastly, that arising out of the
seizure and liberation of slaves belonging to citi-
zens of Ilie United States. When it was known
that a special minister was to be deputed to this
country, for the purpose ot restoring and main-
taining the harmony of the two countries, no one
doubted that his mission embraced the settlement
of all these questions, if none others. I confess,
therefore, that when the treaty was read at your
table, and I discovered that one, and not the least
important of these questions, (I mean that relative
to the seizure of our slaves,) was left precisely
where it stood before the arrival of the British
ambassador, I was equally surprised and disap.
pointed, No less than five cases have already oc-
curred, m which vessels bound from one port in the
Union to another, by having slaves on board have
been d i i ven, either by stress of weather, or, by the vio-
lence of the slaves themselves, into some one of the
small islands in the Bahama channel; and, in every
instance, the slaves have been violently taken from
the possession of their owners, and set at libeity
by the colonial authorities. In the two first cases
the British Government, after a protracted nego-
tiation, indemnified the owners ' The third case
was that of the schooner "Enterprise," which oc-
curred some six or seven yea is ago. Application
was again made for imlemi'i.y; and what was the
answer of the British Government' fn substance
thai this confiscation of American property was
justified by a recent act of Parliament abolishing
slavery in their We-t India possessions, and that
thencefotward no indemnity was due our citizens
for slaves thrown by unavoidable accidents upon
their shores.
As soon as this decision of ihe British Govern-
ment was made known to ours, the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. CalhounJ in-
fiodticed_ ilie following resolutions; which, on the
15th April, 1840, were unanimously adopted by this
bodv:
"Resolved Thai a ship or vessel on the high sens, in time of
peace, cngpecl m a lawjul vnvnqc. is, according to (he taws of
nations. urtJer exclusive jim?i1'o!ion of the S'afp to whir.h
ncrfl belongs; as much so, w if ron&tuunnff a pan ofn  own
"Resolved. That if rmrh ship or ve^ei be forced by
stress of weather, or other unavoidable cause, into the ports
