August, 1842.
■&PP1NBO. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSJ5.
m
27th Cono 3  Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Conrad.
Senate, i
and under the jurisdiction of a friendly power, she and her car-
go, and persons on board, with their property, and ail the
Rights belonging to their personal relations, as established by
'the laws of the State to which they belong, would be placed un-
' der the protection which the laws of nations extend to the un-
fortunate under such circumstances.
liResolved} That the brig Enterprise, which, was forced una-
voidably, by stress of weather, into Port Hamilton, Bermuda Is-
land, while on a lawful voyage cm the high seas, from one port
of theUmon to another, comes withm the pnnciples embraced
in the foregoing resolutions; ami that the seizure a^ddetention'of
the negroes on boarJ, by the local authority of the isiand, was
an act w violation of the laws of nations, and highly unjust to
oar citizens to whom they belong."
I well recollect the satisfaction with which the
adoption oi these resolutions was hailed by the
Southern portion of this "Union. The promptitude
and unanimity with which they were adopted,
proved that the "still small voice" of patriotism
could yet make itself heard amid the din of party
strife with which these halls perpetually resound.
We flattered ourselves that Great Britain would
now pause in her course of insolence and aggres-
sion; and that the petty functionaries of an insignifi-
cant island, almost in sight of our coast, would no
longer beard the majesty of this republic.
More than two years ago, therefoie, this body
solemnly resolved, in substance, ihat the seizure
and detention of slaves, under the circumstances of
those on board the Enterprise, was an act of injus-
tice to our citizens, a violation of the law of na-
tions, and equivalent to an invasion of our territory.
This resolution was adopted, after a protracted ne-
gotiation for redress had eventuated in a rejection
of the demand Two nations could not be brought
nearer to a state of hostility by any act short of a
positive declaration of war, than Great Britain and
this country were by the adoption of these resolu-
tions. In iact, this lelt but one alternative—redress
or war. Foreign nations had, therefore, a right to
conclude (and I well recollect they did conclude)
lhatthe wrongs complained of would be redress-
ed, or war would ensue. But what effect did these
resolutions produce m the country against which
they were fulminated'! Scarcely lnul their thunder
died away on the distant shores of Great Britain,
when, as if m defiance of our threats, another out-
rage, precisely similar in character to the one
complained ol, is committed. The schooner Her-
mosa, bound on a voyage from Not folk to New
Orleans, with a number of slaves on board, is
wrecked on one of the reefs m the Bahama chan-
nel. All the persons on board, including the slaves,
arc taken from the wreck by an English •'icrcekei
and carried to Nassau. As soon as they arrive
there, a file of soldiers, wearing the British uni-
form, commanded by a British oflicer, march on
board the wrecker, order the slaves ashore, and
carry them before some petty magistrate; by whose
supreme authority, andin spite of the remonstrances
of the American consul, they are set at liberty.
These facts being established by incontestable evi-
dence, application for indemnity was made to the
British Government. Before any answer had been
given to this application, the case of the "Creole"
occurred.
So far as the claim to indemnity is concerned,
the circumstances ot this case were not as strong
as those in the cases of the "Enterprise" and the
"Hermosa;" lor, in this case, the liberation of the
slaves was not the act of the British Government,
nor did it even occur within their jurisdiction. It
occurred 011 the high seas, and was effected by
the slaves themselves. The atrocities, however,
with which it was attended, and the aid and pro-
tection afforded to the authors of them, justly ex-
cited public indignation, and momentarily roused
our Government from its lethargy. A11 urgent
demand for redress was made, enforced by a let-
ter from the Secretary of State, containing an
able exposition of the law of nations applicable
to the question, and a complete refutation of the
arguments by which the British ministry had, in
the case of the "Enterprise," already referred to,
attempted to justify the seizure of American prop-
erty by a British statute. 1 appeal to you, Mr.
President, whether, at that juncture, any one of
the questions pending between this countiy and
Great Britain was deemed more important, or more
urgent in its character, than that growing out of
these repealed outrages! So far as my own State is
concerned, I can venture to say it stood foremost ill
the catalogue of grievances of which we had a
right to complain. The Legislatures of many of
the States (and that o( Louisiana among the rest)
passed strong resolutions expressive of their sense
of these outrages, and of their readiness to vindi-
cate, by a resort to arms, the itu.ulted honor of
the country. The swelling tide of public indig-
nation was only arrested by the announcement of
the fact that Great Britain had deputed a special
envoy to this country, charged with the settlement
of this and all other differences between the two
countries; and now we are called upon to ratify a
treaty.iti which this subject is entirely pretermitted!
Why is this, sirl I do not think I exaggerate the
magnitude of this question, when I affirm that, in
whatever light we view it—whether we consider
the mere pecuniary considerations connected with
it, the interest felt by a large portion of the country
in its decision, its exciting and irritating character,
and, above all, the principles involved in it—it is by
far more important than any of those embraced in
the treaty.
The Northeastern boundary question—about
which so much is said—is, after all, a mere ques-
tion of property, involving 110 principle, establish-
ing no precedent; and is just such a controversy as
two individuals would settle by a law-suit—not by
an appeal to arms. The Caroline affair was of a
different character; but it is past, and cannot be re-
called: there is no danger of its repetition; and the
question was narrowed down to one of etiquette, or
point of honor. Far different is the question ari-
sing out of (he seizure of our slaves. National
honor, national interests, national safety even, were
all included in it. The wrongs complained of were
not the unpremeditated act of an excited soldiery,
but were the deliberate proceedings of the civil
authorities—sanctioned, authorized, encouraged, if
not commanded, by the British Government. It
was not a single act, but a series of acts, following
each other in rapid succession, in the very face of
our remonstrances—I may almost say, in defiance
of our threats. If the property seized had been of
any other character; if, instead of slaves, an equal
number of bales of merchandise, or hogsheads of
tobacco, had been seized and appropriated by the
British Government,—all would at once perceive
the enormity ol the pietensions. But, because it is
a description of property not known to English law,
although known to ours, we suffer our demand for
redress to be put off by cavils that would disgrace
a nisi prius attorney. For my own part, Mr. Pres-
ident, I would prefer that ten times the amount in
propprty of any other description had been seized
and confiscated, without a color of pretext, by the
British Government. I consider the mere pecuni-
ary interest involved in the question as trifling, in
comparison with the principles involved. These
principle5 are 110 less than the inviolability of our
flag, and the right to regulate our domestic insti-
tutions as we sec fit. I have never entertained a
doubt that moie was concealed under these acts
whan appeared on their surface. England, after hav-
ing endeavored in vain to assail us by open force,
is resorting to the more dangerous method of an
,nsiilious policy. Abolition of slavery, which is
treason and madness with us, is wisdom and pro-
found policy with her. It is the sole engine by
which she can hope to prostrate her only commer-
cial rival. Hence, her peculiar sensibility to the
wrongs of the African race, while she is reducing
all Asia under the yoke of the most galling servi-
tude. Henc  her disinterested philanthropy in
abolishing slavery in the West, while she is only
transplanting it in the East. Hence her exertions
to extend the cultme of cotton and sugar in her
East India possessions. Hence the declamations of
her orators against negro slavery; the exaggerated
accounts by her writers of the sufferings of our
slaves, while they are deaf to the cries of the
starving millions of their countrymen at home.
A community of language and religion—her litera-
ture universally diffused throughout this country—
a social and commercial intercourse continually
increasing—a respect and reverence for English
opinions more frequently felt than acknowledged,—
afford her too many facilities for the accomplish-
ment of this Machiavelian policy. Do we not see
anti-slaverv societies, composed of our own citi-
zens, affiliated with similar associations, encour-
aged, if not established, by the British Govern-
ment'! Do we not see their hireling orators, their
prostituted preachers, theirpensionedpresses', using
every artifice to agitate the country, and array one
portion of it against the other7! England is already
considered as the mainspring of the "great anti-
slavery movement," as it is termed, which is now
making throughout Europe and America; and these
repeated aggressions on slave property are only
one among many indications of her desire to be so
considered, There is no doubt that the [slaves^on
board the Creole were prompted to the crimes
which they committed by the knowledge they
had acquired before their embareation, that if they
could succeed in reaching any of the British pos-
sessions, their crimes would not only go unpunished,
but be rewarded by their freedom.
Am I not correct, then, Mr. President, when I
affirm that principles vital to the institutions and
safety of this country are involvedin this question"?
and that it ought not" to have been overlooked in a
treaty, the very object of which is to remove the
causes of discord between the two countries'! And
what is the reason assigned for this extraordinary
omission"! Why, that Lord Ashburton's powers
did not embrace the settlement of this question.
But why did they not embrace it"! Has it not been,
pending for years'! It is true, as Lord Ashburton
says, that the case of the Creole was only known in
England a few days before his departure for this
country; but that of the Enterprise, occurred many
years ago; and the resolutions of this body, declar-
ing it a violation of the, law of nations, and equiv-
alent to aa invasion of our territory, were adopted
more than two years prior to his departure.. Be-
sides, nothing would have been easier than to have
enlarged his powers, had they been found insuffi-
cient. No, sir; the true reason for this casus omis-
sus in the treaty is to be found in Lord Ashburton's
letter. He there says: "There are certain great
principles too deeply rooted in the consciences and
sympathies of the people of Great Britain for any
minister to be able to overlook; and any engage-
ment I might make in opposition to them would be
instantli/ disavowed." In other words, the sympa-
thies of British abolitionists must not be shocked
by having any restraint put upon their humane ef-
forts to excite our slaves to insurrection and blood-
shed ! Gentlemen refer us to this letter, as contain-
ing all that was necessary on this subject. It is
true, Mr. President, that, as nothing was intended to
be done, it was thought necessary, at least, to sa/y
something. But if it was intended to enter into any
binding engagements on this subject, why was it
done in the form of a letterl Why was it not in-
serted in the treaty' I have looked in vain, how-
ever, in this letter, for anything which could be con-
strued either into an apology for the past, or a pledge
for the future. So far from admitting the truth of
the unanswerable propositions contained in Mr.
Webster's letter to him, Lord A. pronounces them
to be startling; and so far from making any specific
pledges, he expressly declares that, if he were to
make any, they would be "instantly disavowed by
his Government." It is true, he talks of transfer-
ring the negotiation on this point to London; but,
at the very time when this correspondence was
penned, Lord Ashburton and Mr. Webster both
were well aware that a negotiation had already ta-
ken place at London, and that the British Govern-
ment had adhered to their former decision.
I have already stated that application was made
by our Government for indemnity for slaves cap-
tured on board the schooner Hermosa. I hold in
inv hand copies of the correspondence which took
place 011 this subject between Mr. Everett, our
minister at London, and Lord Aberdeen, the Min-
ister of Foreign Affairs of Great Britain. As this
correspondence has never been published, nor,Ibe-
lieve, ever seen bv a single member of this body,
I beg leave to read it to the Senate.
M r. C. here read a letter from Mr. Everett to
Lord Aberdeen, dated 3d May, 1842, and the fol-
lowing answer of Lord Aberdeen, dated May 22,
1842:
Legation of the United States, May 3, 1842.
Ttie undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Fleni-
potent-arv of the TltHed Slates of America, has been dnected to
bung to die knowledge of Lout Aberdeen, her Majesty's princi*
pat Secretary of Stat? fui Fuieign Affairs, the paiticulars of the
care of the Hermosa, a vessel hound fi om R ichmopd to New
Oileans, with an assorted caruo, and having on board, also,
thirty-eight slaves. This vesst] was. on the 19' h of October,
1S40, wrecked upono reef of rocks, which pioved to be Spanish
Key, near Abaro. Her raigoanii slaves were taken possession
of by a company of licenser! wieckers: and being brought into
Nassau, 111 the Island of New Fiovidunce, the slaves were sft
at liberty by die civil and military authorities of that island.
For the facts of the in detail, reference is made to a copy of
two protests ot John S Ctiattm, the master of the vessel, here-
with ttansoiitted to the Earl of Aberdeen; and the undersigned
is insuuctetl to inform I.ord Aberdeen, tll.it, inasmuch as' the
vessel, 111 ttie pursuit of a lawful voyage, was dnven, by stress
of weathel, ymliin hei Majesty's cotonsal dominions, and tbfi
slaves on board tier, belonging to citizens of the United States,
were set at liberty by the dfiecc interference of her Majesty's
colonial aulhoiities, the Government of the United States; on
behalf of ttie parties thus deprived of their property, looks to the
Government of her Majesty tor ajust indemnification.
The principles 00 which this claim is founded having been
berefofoie frequently urged upon the consideration of her Ma-
jesty's Government, and particularly in the note of the under.
