m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1842.
27th Cong*•••3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Conrad.
Senate.
signed of the 1st March, relative to the case of the Creole, he
deems it unnecessary, on this occasion, to renew the discussion.
He will confine himself to restating, briefly, a portion of the ar-
gumeqt contained m that note.
Her Majesty's Government is understood to hold that, in con-
sequence of the abolition of slavery in a portion of her Majesty's
dominions, by the act of Parliament of 3d and 4th William IV
c. 73, her Majesty's authorities are prevented from recognising
the relation of slavery, or any of its incident:?, even on board
the vessels belonging to friendly States in winch slavery legally
exists. It has been already observed by the undersigned, in the
note referred to, that the Government of the United States can-
not admit that the vessels of a friendly power, driven hy stress
of weather, or by mutiny, into her Majesty's ports, can, incon-
sequence of a change m the municipal law ol England, be
rightfully deprived of any aid and assistance to which they are
entitled by the law and comity ol nations But, granting this,
for argument's sake, to be an erroneous view; and that the
principle above stated is correctly assumed by her Majesty's
Government: It can only follow that her Majesty's authorities,
in the cases supposed, are justified m refusing to pu-form acts
not now authorized by British law, in reference (oslaveiy; as,
for instance, to employ their oificcii in arresting fugitive slaves.'
It cannot follow that when, by .sr.iess ol'weuiher, or mutiny, a
foreign vessel, having slaves lawfully on board, is driven into a
British port, ihe Biitish civil and military authorities may
forcibly mterfeie to iibeiate them; because this cannot be done
without violently infringing that authority ot the captain ot the
vessel over the ship's company, which is> lecosmsed <w well by
the laws of England as oi all other civilized States. If the law
ofBufilaod converts slaves into passeiiL'eis, in exempting ihem
from one kind ol control, which her laws do not recognise, u
subjects them to another, which her Jaws do recognise.
It is not exclusively in reference to oases like those which
have so often been the subject of the reclamations of the United
States, that these principles apply. A species of servitude not
materially different from that abolished by the 3d and 1th Wil-
liam IV., c. 73, once prevailing throughout Europe, still exists
insomeofthe noithcrn portions of the continent. If a vessel
from that quartet should bo driven into «i port in her Majesty's
dominions, navigated m whole or in part by persons held m a
servitude like that alhithd to, the under.signed presumes it
would be deemed a great violation of fhecomiiy o! nations, if the
vessel should be boarded by her Majesty'* civil officer*, sup-
ported by a military force, and pioclaimiug to the ^hip'* com-
pany that, asservittulo no longer existed in Knghmd, they were
free to quit the vessel, and   > wheio tlu y pleased, and the un-
dersigned cannot doubt that if pecuniary loss am nod in conse-
quence of tin* mtei lun-nce, it would he hold to wan ant a de-
mand on her Majesty's Government loi indemnification.
But, in refeienco immediately to the ca«e in hand: n it should
be cianted that, by unavoidable force of UutNh law, ihe statute
of <£3th August, 1&33, so entirely regimes the liheiation ot all
slaves, however bi ought mtohei Muiesiy'* dominions, as to au-
thorize every specias ot civil and military ngenry by which
such liberation lsell'ected, (an extension ot the principle which
herMajesty'aUoverfiment has nevei, ttis behoved, maintained,)
then, thn least that a foreign and himdly powei can demand, is,
that eflect should be given to the act as a whole It would seem
peculiarly unjust, in applying the statute to the citizens ol a
Jriendly fcitate, to cull into «ic.tion only so mucltof us piovjsions
as isnececsaiyto divcKt them of iheirpropeiiy, without siving
theni the benefit of the other onacfiutHiia, by which compensa-
tion is made for the property ol which they ore thus <h pnved.
The abolition of shivery is* nowhere, it i* belie, ved, ih lined in
the statute ana simple technical idea, importing nothing but >t
change ol condition fiom seivitude to itecdom. Hut it is
a complex act, consisting of ^ovoral pans, all ol which are
equally essential, and equally e^uiMt>.li<'d by the statute.
The undersigned had thu honor to nbseive, m his note
of the 1st of March, that, in the same act which liber-
ated the slaves m her Majrsiy'a colonies, (and m vimic
of which alone it is now held that slaves m (wie.iyri ver-sel*,
driven by stiess ol weather into her JYhijesiv'H dominion^, mnyt
be liberated,)it lodeel.md to be "jum aiid expedient tiuii a rea-
sonable compensation should be made in tlws persons Imheno
entitled to the services ol such slaves, lor ihe loss which they
will mem by bein^depiived of their rightto hucU set vices," It,
then, in the understanding u! I'.ivliament, in enact mg the statute
ol 3d anddth William IV., c. 73, it would iuive been unjust to
liberate the slaves of her M.qe ty's miWuo s without compen-
suliufi the dmsict, it would ntnii iin|.„.Mhli- in i,,mi ih.it
act any w.u ran! 101 ibet iito i.!ic stavi s ot the sinzcns of :i ioi-cicn
HUile, driven hy stress of wcnilmt into il Uiiiisli port, without
Himilar compensation. If such « libeiation would have been
uniusttoward British HuhjeciH much imuewmild it be unjust
toward the citizens of a Jnemllv and lorfti«n Suite, ii is only
by inference that the act is < oiiMdend by hei Mai-'st.-'t, (,'uvein-
monl to apply .'it all to foieiyi) 01117 ijs' diiW'j l'y--(ii^ ti!
weather into a Ihitnh poit. To ei,|,u<v a'j.uik.f such foi'.-i-'ti
citizens liocratmn without eoinp'-iwtdoij, as an mtei once Ikuyi
a «itatuie declai nitf fJj.tr jif.-Hie.odnindndM'onipcisaiion to iJnti.-h
subjects whose sl.iv es aie hhci ated, would seem rHinmh af va
n *nce with the rules *f toasonmg as with (he dictates of jus-
tice. '
The undesigned h.tq die linear to renew to t'.e Earl of Aber-
deen tile assutauc 5 ol ins diMiiii.fuis>lu d CDii^ideiyiiort.
JKIHVAJU) ISvuRETT.
. foiilslon om'i''e, M<i\ ,2ft. 18}'-.
1 ne undeiaigned, her Majesty'--? 1'iincipa! Seci«'Miy of Nate
lor Jorei^nAttau-s. has the honor to acknowledge ihe receipt
ofMr. liverou'i-note oftbeJH lus.ant, 111 which Mr. Kveicti
states that he has been ducct^d ny h,s Goveinm nu t,  hrins to
the knowledge oldie undersigned the pellicular* of tix- case of
 !t0 7ve'in°^" Ameiioan v("?oe!, bonnil Juan 11 chmoiui to
New Orleans, ard ratiyirigan n^or'pd caryo an.! luity-eicht
f'aves which wrt, wre- ked on the Spanish K-y reef, ne«,i Aba-
co Uie slaves and cargo being saved by licensed wreckeis, and
carried by them mm Nassau. 1
Mr. Even-ucotnpl.nns tfiat, by (he dutct intei rererop oftho
IsnfishautlunmesatNa^sau, the slaves were set ,'thbeity and
Mr. Everettriaim^ compel,s-atmn for the io^s therein sulfered
by the former propriptoi^ r.f tiie slaves.
Fu; the faciswi the ca^e m detati, Mr Eveictt lefoiato two
ueclaiations made by the nut for oi the Utunnea, bdme a
njagi^trate^if cbe United Sf V'f, and em losed in the nut"-* 01 Mr
Everett. There is some di? icpancv in the accoimi pivin by
Mr. fhattiu humthat winch hu' MJjisty'i Ouv«-ir>mMii Iuive
received iroui the Govenwn ol th& Bahamas. The former
alleges that the cupenUiury maoistiate ot N&ssan was to
send the slaves on shore from the wreckers' vessel; and that the
Governor of the Bahamas, being then in Nassau, knew of every-
thing which was dcnerelative totheslaves The accountgiven
by the Governor, though it does not enter so minuteiy into par-
ticulars, distinctly states that, upon reference being made to
him, he declined any intei ference with the slavep; but that, un-
der instructions fmmerly Rent, fiom England,-they were per-
muted to iand in Nassau. It can hardly be supposed that Col.
Cockburn would have so expressed himself if he had been
aware that a magistrate of the colony had been actively em-
ployed insendinetheslaveson shore.
But, although the undersigned thinks it right to pointont tiie
discrepancy to Mr Everett, he does not consider u as in any
way affecting the point at issue; for, admitting that the magis-
trate did interfere actively, and that, in the absence of the mas-
ter of the "Ilermosa," he visited the nesioes, and, by his own
authority, sent them onshore,—Jt must be remembered that the
vessel m which the negroes entered Nassau was not an Ameri-
can, but a British vessel; cons( quently, that the magistrate was
called upon to deal with her and hercrew strictly according to
British law; and that, if he had reaxort to suppose that any ille-
gal constraint was put upon the liberties or inclinations of tho^e
Whom she had rcscued, it was his houndeii duty to hee their
freedom vindicated, and the persons exercising authority on
board the vessel duly punished. For this reason, the under-
signed cannot admit that the forcible interference on the part of
the Hntish otiicer. which the account lurni.-hod to Mr. Everett
"ta'es to have taken place, would have foimed any just cause
of comphmtfrom (he late owners of the slaves; still less, that
i( would have been a violent infims'ement of the authority of the
American captain.
In the iattei p.irt of Mr. Everett's note, H is suggested, that
if, by the actol the 28th August, 18-53, BiiMfh law requires the
liberation of the slaves m question, effect should be given to that
act as a whole, and that, as it has provided compensation for
British slave-owners, it should do the same for citizens of a
foreign State, and whose slaves may be libei ated by being tinven
within its )urisdiction.
The question which is here raised has been so fully discussed,
and so deliberately decided upon a formei occasion, that it
is scarcely necopHary to do moro than leferMr Everett to what
then passed between Mr. Stevenson atnl her Majesty's Govern-
ment. In the notes addressed bv Lord I'almeiston to Mr. Ste
venson on the 7th of .hmmiiy and the 11th of December, lf&7,
upon ihe. cu^e of the "Entei pi ko," Mr. Everett, will find stated
at length the reasons winch forbid het Majesty's Government
henceforward lo enteitain the question of compensation for
slaves who may hnvo acquired ihuir liberty by pacing under
the jurisdiction ol Butwh law.
The undersigned cannot hold out to Mr. Everett any expecta-
tion thather M.«j,,sfy's Govcrnmentwill recede fiom the deter
mtnation then tukf n.
The sole pomtsof difference between the case of the "Enter-
prise" and that of the "llei mns.i" appear to be—first, that the
slaves from the latter ve-^el entered the. port of their libei anon
under the Ih itish, and not under the American Has; and, sec-
ondly, that the time ol their liberation was subsequent to the
complete emancipation of the slaves in the Unttsh coloniee,
when even the apprenticeship of the nesroes had ceased to evist.
The undersigned feels assured that Mr. Everett will see in
fheso two points of diller* nee no cau«e for any deviation fiom
the coni^o taken by her Mniesty's Government on the former
occas-ion. when it was decided by them, '"hat shivery, being
now abolished thiouehout (heHntWi empite, there can he no
well founded claim on the part ot any foreigner for compensa-
tion miof-pect to sl.ives, who, under any circumstances what-
ever, may come into the British colonic*, any more than theie
would hem lespect to slaveswho might comc into the United
Kingdom "
The undeis'irned avails himself of this occasion to renew to
Mr Evert it the assurance o/hw distinguished tor.!--n'Hj/itinn,
ap.erdeen
Here, 1 hen, we find (continued Mr. C.,) that, as
late as tli!' 20.h Way last, when Lnrd Asliburton
was wntin;> iliplotnalir notes about adjourning the
settlement of this quest ion to London, where "at-
t,rss <oiild be h'lil toall Ihe aiiUio'iiha," the Britivh
Government had solemnly decided that "Ihr.y u-uuld
iinljiaiccfoi ivard, entertain Ike quest ion of compen-
ttoUnn. for fin res lelw nay have acquired their liberty
l)U passiti° under the }ii> isdictwn of Brihsk laics;''
and "that, ilau'rij being now aholhhrd Ibavghout
the JJi llishemptre^herc can be no well-founded claim
on the pat! aj ami foreigner foi compensation iitrc-
■ ;;re/ lo slares ir/ii^ under amj eirci'ViUanees iclialei e r.
moi/1ome ailo Ihe, Uiilish colonies." No, not even
when the vessels containing- them are driven there
by tempest, like the Enterprise; by shipwreck, like
the Herrmisa; or by mutiny and murder, like the
Creole. And this inhuman doctrine—this barbar-
ous interpolation of the code of international law,
which imposes a penalty on misfortune, and holds
out a premium to insurrection and murder, is pro-
mulgated at the very moment when the bloody tia-
5;edy recently enacted on board the Creole had
demonstrated the fatal consequences to which it
would inevitably lead.
[Mr. Ru'ecs here interrupted Mr. C. and observed
that the letter of Lord Aberdeen was a mere refer-
ence to a prior decision given in the case of the
Enterprise.]
It does refer (continued Mr. C.) to that decision;
but itcxpressly adoptsand confn ms it; and the refer-
ence to a case which this body had already pro-
nounced to have been'a violation of our flag and
of national law, only renders their rejection ot our
demand as offensive in foim, as it was unjust in
sulj.tnncc. Why, let me ask, was this letter, re-
jecting our demand, withheld trom the public,
when Me, Webster's letter to Mr. Everett, ijv.-ti'uet-
ing him to make that demand and demonstrating
its injustice, was paraded in every newspaper in
the country, even before it had reached its destina-
tion'? Why was the smooth, plausible diplomatic
note of Lord Ashburton, who was not authorized
to negotiate on this subject, sent to this body along
with this treaty; when not a word was said about
the plain, unequivocal, peremptory answer of the
British minister, about the extent of whose power
there could be no dispute"! How is it that, nntil
yesterday, the very existence of such a corres-
pondence was unknown to this body's Was it be-
cause it was feared that such a letter might prove
an obstacle to the ratification ol this treaty, and might
revive anew those feelings of indignation which
these outrages had excited, and which had only slum-
bered since, this negotiation had been set on foot?
Mr. President, the moment that this answer of
Lord Ashburton was known here, our Govern-
ment should have made the settlement of this ques-
tion a nine qua, iion\ and, in case of refusal, have
broken off the negotiation at once. Had this
course been pursued, depend upon it, the powers
of Lord Ashburton would have been found broad
enough to cover the case, or have been speedily en-
larged. Gentlemen tell us that, in that event, war
would have been inevitable; and one would almost
fancy that the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs already heard the distant roar of Brit-
ish artillery. For my own part, I entertain no such
fears. Embarrassed as she is in her finances, and
encumbered with two Asiatic wars, England is not
more anxious or better prepared for war than we
are. She would never go to war for the sake of
maintaining a principle which is only important to
her as a me.,ns of annoying us, and which the
voice of the civilized world would pronounce to be
erroneous. Her boasted philanthropy is wonder-
fully sagacious, and always coincides with and
subserves her interests. But, even did I believe
that war would be the inevitable consequence of
a rejection of this treaty, I would not permit that
belief to influence my decision. True, our finances
are deranged, our treasury exhausted, and the ad-
ministration of our affairs confided to hands that
neither possess nor deserve the confidence of the
country; but I would prefer to encounter war, under
all these disadvantages, than to purchase anignomin-
ous peace by the surrender of a principle of such
vital importance. I would not permit any temporary
difficulties to create permanent misfortunes. I
would treat with Great Britain asl would treat with
the weakest power in Christendom; I would treat
with her now, as I would when our affairs are most
prosperous. I would treat with her, with Tyler for
our President, as I would with Washington or Jack-
son at the helm of Government. And, afterall, if we
ratify this treaty, w ill not there still remain sufficient
cause for war"? Did not this body, two years ago,
solemnly declare that there was, when they pro-
nounced the seizure of the slaves on board the En-
terprise a violation of law and of the rights of our cit-
izens, and equivalent to an invasion of our domain?
Since those resolutions, the outrages of the Her-
ino^a and the Creole have been superadded to that
of the Enterprise. If thet e was cause for war then,
is there not much greater cause now'; If these res-
olutions be erroneous, repeal them. If the princi-
ples they contain be correct, preseive your consist-
ency, and maintain them at whatever sacrifice.
But do not ratify this treaty, and leave them in full
force—a recorded sentence of self-condemnation.
We have been told that the 10th article of the
treaty would apply to cases like the Creole; and that
henceforward Great Bntain, although she might
still continue to liberate our slaves when they came
within her grasp, would be bound to surrender
them when they had committed murder. I hope,
for the sake of humanity and the honor of this
country, it may be so; but there is a clause in that
article which I do not like, and which, if not in-
serted for the purpose of preventing its application
to cases of this description, will, 1 am confident, be
used as a pretext for that purpose: I refer to that
clause which provides that ''the evidence of crim-
inality shall he according to the lavs of the place
■where the fugitive, or person charged, shall be fmmd."
Suppose, sir, that a slave, in attempting to recover
his liberty, murders him who holds him in custody:
would not an English judge (upon whom the de-
cision would devolve) decide that, according to the
loirs of Knalaml, there was no criminality? That
the restraint on tiie peisou of the slave was an un-
lawful duress—a violent assault, which justified or
excused the killing of him who committed it? J
