August, 18412.
APPENDIX TO THE CoNGRfiSStGNAL GLOflfc.
m
27th Gong....3d Suss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
do not say, sir, that such ought to be the decision.
I do not say that it would be a fair and honest inter-
pretation of the article. But I do say, there is
enough in it to cavil about—enough to afford the
English Government a plausible pretext for doing
that which they are now doing without a pretext.*
"The following account,given by the notorious Tappan, of a
conference which took place between Lord Ashburton and a
committee of the American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society,
shortly after the ratification of the- treaty, appeared in the New
York Courier and Enquirer of the 12th September last. If we
can credit this statement (I admit of doubtful authenticity) we
have already a commentary on this article of the tieaty by
the minister who negotiated it, declaring, not only that it docs
not apply to cases like the Creole, but that, m framing the trea-
ty, great care had been taken to prevent any such application.
I refer to this publication here, not only as furnishing some in-
dication of his Lordship's views on this subject, but especi-
ally as an evidence of the connexion which exists between
the Abolitionists of this country and the Government of
Great Britain. How diseased must he the state of public
opinion in a community which can tolerate, within its bosom,
foreign societies formed for the avowed purpose of war-
nng Against the fundamental institution8! of the country, and
does not cover with universal opprobrium American citizens
who publicly apply to the ambassador of a foreign nation to
protect them against the arts of their own fJovernmciit.
"Abolition Morality.—We find m the Journal of Com-
merce the following gioss attack upon the honor and honesty
of Lord Ashburton:
"We have heretofore alluded to the fact, that the Abolitionists
have openly recommended slaves to steal trom their masters
whenever it would aid them m effecting their escape; and now
Lewis Tappan would have the world believe that Lord Ash*
button approves of suchadvicc !
*lIn law, the receiver ol stolen goods is as criminal as the thief;
and in morals, all must agree that the person who can de-
liberately advise a human being to set at naught the laws of
Qod and man, andjustify—nay, urge—his stealing would him-
self be guilty of 'theft when an oppoituuity otlered. iThon
shalt not steo.V is one ol LJ oil's commandments; and he who
adv ises his fellow-being to violate if, would undoubtedly vio-
late it himself if secure from punishment.
"Anil yet, because Mr. Lewis Tappan and some of his asso-
ciates are willing to advise oihors t«> steal, these honest and
Pi ore centlemcii infer that Loid Ashbuiton would give simi-
lar advice ' In oihei words, they m Met publish his Lordship
as a Thief.
<lLft the reader peruse the following, and form Im {own
opinion of Mr Tappan and his honest and religious associ-
ates.Ed. ('oar. and f-Jnq.
From the Journal of Commeice.
INTERVIEW WITH LORD ASHBURTON.
The Executive Committee of the American and Foreign
Anti-Sluveiy Society, apprehending that the tenth article of
the treaty lately concluded between the British minister and
our Government, might ho used to the injury of fugitive staves
escaping into Canada, appointed a deputation to solicit an in-
terview with Lord A^ubuiton fust before his depaitme /or
Kngland, to lay belou; him facta in i elation to the subject,
which might be communicated to his Government. He very
leadily complied with the request, and appointed 10 o'clock
a. m. September 3d, lor the interview, at his lodgings at the
Astor House. The committee consisted ol Messis, >S. Joce-
lyn, Leonard Oibtn, Le Roy Sunderland, and Lewis Tappan.
Mr. CJerritSmith being piesent, was invited to accompany the
delegation The delegation was courteously received by Mr.
Mildmay, secretary of the special mission of her IJritannic
Majesty, and by him presented to Lord Ashburton, who invited
them to be seated, expressed much satisfaction at seeing them,
and entered into a frank and full conversation on the subject
for which the interview was requested. The delegation, alter
congratulating the British envoy on the successful termination
of his mission, informed him of the particulars of the case of
Nelson Hackett, a slave who (led from Aikansas to Canada,
where his pursuers overtook him, had him arrested on a charge
of stealing a oat, gold-watch, and hoise of his nosier. Hackett
was imprisoned, and meantime a stand jury in Arkansas in-
dicted him A demand wa3 forwardeJ fiom the Coventor of
Aikansas to the Governor General ol Canada, foi bis surren-
der. Sir Charles Bigot complied, and Hackett was taken back
to Arkansas The delegation stated to Lord Ashburton their
apprehensions that such a course occurung without any treaty
stipulation, there was gieat cause of apprehension that, under
the tenth article of the treaty, which piovides for the mutual
surrender of all persons charged with ceiuun specified crimes,
no fusitive slave would be <aie in L'a.ia 1j, when it is notorious
that slaveholders allege crimes against lugitive slaves as one
expedient lor their reclamation.
Lord Ashburton went into an explanation of the 10ih article,
and mentioned several particulars of the discussion that took
place, both on that topic and othcis relating to slaves Ife uaid
that it was very desirable to have an article m the treaty to
meet cases similar to that of Holmes, who H-'d fiom Canada
into Vermont, and the cases that would frequently a use, con-
sidering the extent of the boideung lines, and the temptation for
criminals to flee across the lines in hope of securma themselves
fiom arrest and punishment. The Governor of "Canada was
anxious thatdesertcrsshould be included; but as Lord A. learned
That a claim would be put in for the delivering up of fugitive
slaves, he abandoned the question ot deseuers horn her Bnian
mc Majesty's possessions. He was also very desirous tosecure
the deliveiy or mntmceis; but did not prees it, lest it should
involve, on tfte part of his Gove.urnent, the delivery of slaves
situated as were those on board the Creole With regard to the
ca^e of the slave iL<ckeu, he did not know all the facts. Sir
Charles Bdgot was known to him, and he did not believe he
would do anything intentionally wrong. But he bad jn«t en-
tered upon hj<s duties, and was probably desnous, at that junc-
ture, of1 promoting good feeling with his great neighbor. The
fact that the slave had taken hi* ma.Mei's watch, was a circum-
s'ancc that pwtbably wentag.unst hnn "Had he only taken the
horse," said Lord A., (looking at Cctrn Smith, significantly,
though he could not be suppled ever (o 1 avo read ihe udwee
of that gentleman to tugmve alavev l>be would nof probably
have been surrendered; lor you know the horse was necessary
for hn eseipe,n Lord a, said that, m framing the 10th article
Some gentlemen, I know, although, like myself,
they do not entirely approve this treaty, are yet
willing to vote for it as the price of peace. How-
ever anxious I may be to preserve peace, I am not
willing to purchase it. I differ from them, moreover.
I do not believe any peace will be permanent, as
long as this agitating subject remains unsettled.
England has told you that the door of negotiation on
this subject is closed. It will never be re-opened,
except at the point of the bayonet. If you were to
go to war now, it would be the war of the whole
country. From the banks ot the Penobscot to the
Mississippi, we would present an unbroken front.
But, once separate these questions; let the North set-
tle those in which she is more immediately inter-
ested, and leave the South alone with its wrongs
unredressed; and you increase the chances of war,
while you diminish those of its successful prosecu-
tion. Your forbearance now will only increase
the insolence of Great Britain, and enconrage the
repetition of outrages like those of the Hermosa
and the Creole. She will unfnrl the banner of ab-
olition still more conspicuously before the eyes of
your slaves. She will accustom them to consider
her as their benefactress, the champion of their
rights, the avenger of their wrongs; and when
war doescome—as come it will—she maythen hope
to realize her threat of being welcomed by them as
a deliverer, and her flag, wherever it appears, be-
coming the signal of servile insurrection.
great rare had been taken that inferior magistiates m Canada
fthould have no authority to surrender fugitives, as had been
urged by the other party; and that only the Governor himself
could perform an act of so great importance. Great care would
be taken, he had no doubt, to protect the innocent; and that the
taking of any aiticlenecessary to effect an escape would not
be consideted felonious. If, said he, the operation of The 10th
article prove injurious, he had no doubt the British Govern-
ment would put an end to it, agreeably to another pro-
vision of the treaty, viz. "The 10th. article shall continue in
force until one or the other party shall signify its wish to tei-
inmate it. and no longet."
Lord Ashburton said that, when the delegation came to ret«d
lus coirespondence with Mr. Webster, they would see that he
had taken all possible caie to pievent any injury being done to
the people of coloi; that, if he had even been willing to intro-
duce an article including cases similar to that of the Crcoie, his
Government would never have ratified it, as they will adheie
to the great principles they have so long avowed arid main-
uined;~antl that the fiicndsof the slave in England would be
very watchful tosee that no wrong practice took place under
the tenth article.
The delegation now ro<sp, and, afitr thanking Lord Ashburton
for the candid and'satisfactory manner in which he had received
theii communications, and answered their mquhies—wishing
the divme blessing for the part he had taken in perpetuating
pe.iee between the respective countries', and protecting the
rights of the oppressed, and a safe and speedy leturn to his na-
tive land—took their leave, highly gratified with the courtesy,
ftaukness, intelligence, and philanthropy of this distinguished
nobleman. Believing the above statement will be interesting
to your readers, especially to those who labor and pi ay for the
slave— for the poor fugitive, particularly—that it will tend to
quiet the feais of the twelve thousand colored inhabitants ol
Canada, most of whom have lied from Southern slavery, and
their numerous fuends on both sides of the line; and that there
will be found an additional occasion for the thankfulness to
God, that he has, through the instrumentality of the American
and British ministers, brought about a prare that will, it is
hop« d, be lasting. I remain, very respectfully, yours,
LEWIS TAPPAN.
BRITISH TREATY,
SECRET SI'SSION.
SPEECH OF~MR. RIVES,
OP VIRGINIA,
hi Senate, August, 17 and 19, 184-3—On the treaty
with Great Britain.
Mr. RIVES said that the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which the treaty had been referred,
not having been able, from the shortness of the time
allowed by the now advanced stage of the session,
and the consequent necessity of early action on the
subject, to make a formal and written report, it de-
volved on him, as the organ of the committee, to
state the views and considerations by which the
committee had been influenced, in recommending
to the Senate to give the constitutional sanction of
their ''advice and consent" to its ratification. He
begged leave to say, in the outset, that, in forming
their judgment on the giave question submitted to
them, the committee had felt themselves bound, by
the most solemn ol all obligations, to discard trom
their minds every consideration but such as apper-
tained to the true interest and honor of their coun-
try. They had fell that it would be to betray the
trust reposed m them by the Senate, and to "show
themselves unworthy of the confidence of the conn-
try, if they could, toe a Moment, permit themselves,
in pursuit ol party objects, or under the influence of
personal or political prejudices, to turn aside.from
the national question, to inquire by whom the treaty
had been negotiated, or whose name stood sub-
scribed to it. They have looked to the treaty in
itself, isolated from every invidious reference to
persons or parties; and have pronounced upon its
acceptance or rejection as, in their best judgment,
the interests and honor of the nation demand.
The stipulations of the treaty embrace three dis-
tinct objects: an exact and permanent definition of
the boundaries, where they had been the subject of
doubt or dispute, between the territories of the Uni-
ted States and the adjacent provinces of Great Brit-
ain; a plan o£ co-operation for the more effectual
suppression of the African slave-trade; and an
agreement lor the mutual surrender, in certain
cases, of criminals fugitive from justice. The
first of these objects, from its intimate connexion
with the tranquillity of the frontier, and the peace
of the two countries—on several recent occasions
exposed to imminent hazard of interruption, from
intrusions on the disputed territory, and the conflict-
ing jurisdictions exercised over it—naturally occu-
pies the foreground of the treaty.
The merits of the controversy respecting ouy
Northeastern boundary, and the respective claims
and arguments of the two parties in regard to it,
are too well known to the Senate, (said Mr. R.,) to
require any recapitulation of them at my hands.
A brief retrospect of the history of the controversy,
however, may be necessary to enable the Senate to
comprehend the position of the question at the mo-
ment when the negotiations which terminated in
this treaty were entered upon.
The second article of the definitive treaty of
peace of 1783, describes the Northeastern boundary
of the United States as follows: " Beginning at the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia, to wit: that angle
whieh is formed by a line drawn due north from
sthe source of the St. Croix river to the highlands;
along the said highlands, which divide those rivers
that empty themselves into the river St. Lawrence
from those which fall into the Atlantic ocean, to
the northwesternmost head of Connecticut river;"
and then, pursuing the description of the bounda-
ries of the United States around their whole terri-
tory, on the north, the west, and the south, it re-
turns to the eastern boundary of Maine in the fol-
lowing words: "East by a line to be drawn along
the middle of the river St. Croix, from its mouth,
in the Bay of Fundy, to its source; and from its
source, directly north to the aforesaid highlands,
which divide the rivers that fall into the Atlantic
ocean from those which fall into the river St. Law-
rence."
Nothing could afford a more striking evidence
of the extremely defective knowledge of the geog-
raphy of the country in question, which existed at
the lime of the signature of the treaty of peace,
than the fact, that, in the very first year succeeding
the conclusion of the treaty, a serious controversy
arose between the high contracting parties as to
which was tins river St. Croix, here called for as
a natural boundary between their adjacent posses-
sions. There were three rivers emptying them-
selves into Passamaquoddy bay, apart of the Bay
of Fundy, (as it was subsequently formally declared
to be,"-) each one of which, it seemed, had, some
time or other, passed under the name of the Si.
Croix. This territorial comedy of errors, like all other
questions of disputed boundary, was, on several
occasions, near producing tragical results, by em-
broiling the authorities and population adjacent to
the controverted limits. The most eastern river
was claimed by the United States as the true St.
Oroix—the western by Great Britain. Finally,
af.er lowering over the peace of the frontiers for
ten years, this controversy was put in a train of
amicable adjustment by the treaty of 1794, (com-
monly called Jay's treaty,) whieh provided for the
appointment of joint commissioners to determine
which was the river truly intended under the name
of the St. Croix, in the treaty of peace. The com-
missioners met, and in. 1798 closed their delibera-
tions, by declaring an intermediate river, called the
Scoodiac, to be the true St. Ctoix of the treaty;
which has been, accordingly, ever since recognised
and observed as the actual boundary of the IJni'ed
States in that quarter, and to that extent.
in a very short time after thi.sportionof the North-
eastern boundary was ascertained and established,
new difficulties and uncertainties arose in follow-
ing it out, according to the terms of the freaty of
peace. The decision of the Commissioners, under
the treaty ot 1734, in identifying the true liver St.
'By the fourth arui'te of the treaty of Chent,
