August, 1848.
appendix to the Congressional globe.
,65
57TH GONCJ--..SD S*SS.
The British Irmly—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
try,--adjourning every subordinate question of e\fi-
deeee- to-insist atoiitte upon a prompt disavowal of
afijr intentional disrespect of the national sovereign-
ty, accompanied with an explicit acknowledgment
of those sacred principles of the public law which
guard the-invioiability of territory, and upon the
scrupulous observance of which the peace and dig-
nity of nations so vitally depend. •
Nothing of this sort, however, was done. The
question was permitted to slumber in the most pro-
fo'ulid neglect during the whole period of Mr.
Van Buren's presidency; and those now in power
have had to assert the national dignity and honor,
under all the disadvantages arising from the long
acquiescence and virtual dereliction of the last
Administ£ation. The correspondence submitted
(o us shows in what manner, and upon what
principles, this controversy, so long the source of
mutual irritation and heartburning between the two
countries, has been at length honorably terminated.
The British minister gives his adhesion, in the
most explicit and unequivocal terms, to all the
principles of public law, which we have laid down
as applicable to the case. He declares, that "re-
spect for the inviolable character of the territory oj
independent nations is the most essential foundation
of civilisation,;" and that, in addition to a sense of
moral responsibility, the most obvious dictates of
policy and interest would lead Great Britain to an
observance of this duty, "in the case of a long
conterminous boundary of some thousand miles,
with a country of such great and growing power
as fhe United States of America, inhabited by a
kindred race, gifted with all its activity, and all
its susceptibility on points of national honor;" that
while every consideration leads the British Govern-
ment toset as high a value as the Government of
the United States can possibly do " on this
paramount obligation of reciprocal respect for the
independent territory of each," it is yet admitted,
by all writers on public law, and by the occasional
practice of all nations, (our own among the num-
ber) that a strong overpowering necessity may arise,
when this great principle may and must be mo-
mentarily suspended; but "it must be so for the
shortest possible period, during the continuance of an
admitted overruling necessity, and strictly confined
within the narrowest limits imposed by that ne-
cessity."
Thus far, there is a perfect and satisfactory ac-
cordance between the views of the Government of
the United States and those ot the British Govern-
ment, as represented by Lord Ashburton, both as to I
the general principle, and the narrow and limited
exception to it. The exception, within the limits
so astringently statedby Lord Ashburton, is admitted
both by Mr. Stevenson, in his note to Lord Pal-
merston in May, 1838, and by Mr. Webster, in his
note to Mr.Fox, in April, ISfl; and upon it, indeed,
rests the vindication of some important transac-
tions in our own military history, which are too
deeply engraven on the recollection of the country
to make it necessary for me to recall them to the
Senate. Mr. Stevenson defines the necessity which
is admitted to constitute an exception to the gen-
eral inviolability ofuuutial territory, to be "immi-
nent and extreme, and involving impending de-
struction." Mr. Webster, with n > le-,s force, de-
scribes it to be "a necessity of self-defence, instant,
overwhelming, leaving 110 choice of means, and
no moment for deliberation." Lord Ashburton,
distinctly assenting to the limits thus cautiously
placed upon the admitted exception, seeks, by a
recurrence to the circumstances o£ the case, to
show that the steamboat Caroline, being the means
and instrument by which "accessions of men, arms
and munitions of war were hourly" brought from
the American shore to the position of the hostile
and invading forcc on Navy Island, the necessity
for her capture and destruction was of that impe-
rious and overruling charactei, which brought
the act fairly within the limits of the exception, as
defined by the Government of the United States.
Still there v,'as in the case, whatever may have
been the supposed necessity tor it, (as Lord Ash-
buiton remarks, with that jlist sense ofwhatbelongs
to the honor and dignity of both Governments,
which cUaiaelerizi-sall the communicatignsof this
able and judicious minister,) the grave fact of
"a violation of territory," which he is "instructed
by her Majesty's Government to assure the Gov-
ernment of the United States is considered by it as
a most virions fact-," and that, " far from thinking an
event of this kind should be lightly risked, they
Would, mfeignedlij deprecate its recurrencethat
it is to be "regretted that, an explanation and apol-
ogy for . the occurrence was not immediately
made;" that he can "most solemnly affirm that no
disrespect to the sovereign authority of the United
States was intended;" and that "he repeats the as-
surance of regret her Majesty's Government feel
that the event should have disturbed the harmony
they so anxiously wish to maintain with the Ameri-
can people and Government." After the "explana-
tions and assurances" ihus cordially given, he
concludes his letter to the Secretary of State, by
expressing the hope that " all feelings of resent-
ment and ill-will, resulting from these truly unfor-
tunate events, may be buried in oblivion; and that
they may be succeeded by those of harmony and
friendship, Which it is certainly the interest, and,
he also believes, the inclination of all to promote."
If gentlemen can see nothing in frank and hon-
orable explanations such as these, proceeding from
ihe representative of an "old and haughty nation,
j>roud in arms," to satisfy the just sentiment of na-
tional pride and dignity, in regard to'a transaction
long past, over which our own Government had
slept withl quiet indifference for years, and where
there is a perfect concurrence of both Governments
in the great conservative principles which must
guard and secure the immunity of their respective
terrritories, (differing only as to a debatable ques-
tion of fact in the particular case,) I can only say,
that their moral temperaments are constituted very
differently from my own.
The next subject treated in the correspondence
between her Britannic Majesty's special minister
and the Secretary of State, is one of peculiar deli-
cacy, as well as importance;—the interference of
the British colonial authorities with American ves-
sels having slaves on board, the property of Ameri-
can citizens under the laws of their respective
States, and driven by stress of weather, or other
uncontrollable causes, into the British "West Indies,
while passing from one port to another of the
Union. The first cases of this sort which oc-
curred, were of three vessels whose names have
unfortunately become familiar as " household
words" in. our diplomatic history—the Comet, the
Encomium, and the Enterprise. The two first
named of these vessels were wrecked on the Ba-
hama islands in 1831 and 1834, and the third was
driven by sirens of weather into a port of the island
of Bermuda in 1835. In each ot these cases, the
slaves on board were liberated by the interference
of the colonial authorities, and were finally lost to
their owners. On all these occasions, strong rep-
resentations were addressed by the Government of
the United States to that of Great Britain, complain-
ing of the improper and unlawful interference of
the local authorities of the islands, and demanding
indemnity to the owners of the libei ated slaves.
The British Government, in 1837, finally agreed
to render compensation to the owners of the slaves
in the cases of the Comet and the Encomium, butab-
solvMy refused it in the case of the Enterprise.
The ground on which this discrimination was
made, was—that, at the time of the disasters to the
Comet and the Encomium, the state ofsla very still ex-
isted in the British colonies, and the rights of Amer-
ican slave-owners might, therefore, be recognised
under Briti>h law; but, at the period when (he tin--
in prise was driven by stress of weather into Port
Hamilton, the act of'the British Parliament for
the "abolition of slavery throughout the colonies"
had taken effect, and thenceforward there could
be, lawfully, no property in slaves in any part of
the British dominions. Lord Palmerston, in an-
nouncing to Mr. Stevenson, by his note of 7th Jan-
uary, 1837, the final decision of the British Govern-
ment on the case of the Enterprise, added, that
"slavery being now abolished throughout the Brit-
ish empire, there can be no well-founded claim on
the part of any foreigner, m respect of slaves who,
under any circumstances, may come into the British
colonies, any more than there would be in respect
to slaves who might come into the United King-
dom," and this declaration he emphatically repeated
in a subsequent note to Mr. Stevenson of the 11th
December, 1837.
Upon the important question of public law in-
volved in this decision of the British Government,
a long and earnest discussion took place between
the two Governments; but terminating, as it began,
in a wide and irreconcilable difference of principle,
the American minister at London was instructed
to propose to the British Government a conven-
tional arrangement, by which, in practice, the offi-
cious and exciting interieieuce of the local author-
ities of the British islands with American vessels
having slaves on boaiHd-, -wtien dWvei'-fntd' tWsir
waters by casualties of the sea, might be prevented.
This arrangement was, also, T>.eW summarily de-
clined by the British Government; -will'1 bft1 seen
by Lord Palmerston's note to Mi. SfcvefeCHy *>f the
30th of September, 1838. ;A c(>'tliii§rffi&-|inijtter
stood down to the close pf'Mr.'Van'Eweri's admin-
istration. The recent casfes of-the^'Oreole" and
the "Hermosa"—one of them marked by incidents
of a most revolting character—hive added fresh
proofs of the necessity of'some' understanding be-
tween the two Governments on this delicate sub-
ject, in order to preserve the relations of peace and
good neighborhood; and th& correspondence which
is laid before us has taken place with a view to ef-
fect such an understanding-, bn the basis of a just
interpretation of the law and comity of nations.
The Government of thei United • States contends
that, under the modern practice and comity of civil-
ized states, the merchant-vessefeof's. nation—con-
sidered always as a part of'its territory, while on
the high seas, and subject exclusively to the laws
and sovereignty of thgir own country on the ocean—
retain their national jurisdiction and ;imruun ity, to
many purposes, in the ports of a foreign power,
even when they enter those ports voluntarily. But
when they are forced, by stress of weather, or an-
lawful violence, against the will of the master, into
a foreign port, they are to be considered, in justice,
as if they were still upon the high seas, and, during
the existence of such, involuntary emergency, vir-
tually under the jurisdiction of iheir/oWn country,
by whose laws the condition and: relations of all
persons and things on board are to be governed;
and any interference by the local authorities of the
foreign port, in such a case, to change that condi-
tioner to disturb those relations, is a proceeding
contrarv to the law and comity of nations. These
principles are enforced and illustrated with great
copiousness and ability by the Secretary of State,
in his letter to Lord Ashburton; and proceeding to
apply them to the case of slaves on board of Amer-
ican vessels forced by stress of weather, or other
causes, into British ports, he says:
"The usual mode of stating the rule of English law is, that
no st>oner does a slave l' tach the shore of England than he is
free. Thisistrucj but it means no more thart that, "when a
slave comes within the exclusive jurisdiction-of England, he
ceases to be a slave, because the law x>f England positively and
notoriously prohibits and forbids-the existeja^.of ,-suph^gela-
tion between man and man. Butit does h6f mean that'English
authorities, with this rule of English law irr their harrdSj may
enter where the ■jurisdiction of another elation is. acfcnawl-
edged to exists and there destroy rights, obligations, and inter*
ests, lawfully existing under the authority of fcuch other nation.
No such construction, and no such effect, can he rightfully
given to the British law."
He then adds:
"If, therefore, vessels of the United Stales, pursuing lawful
voyages? from port to port, along their own shore, are driven
by sttess of weather, or carried by unlawful Violence, into Eng-
lish ports, the Government of the United States cannot consent
that the local authorities in those ports shall take advantage of
such misfoi tunes, and enter them for the purpose ol interfering
with the condition of persons or things on board, as established
hy their own laws If slaves, the property of citizens of the
United States, escape into the British territories, it is not expect*
ed ihat they will be restored. In that case, the territorial juris*
diction of England will have become exclusive over them, ana
must decide their condition. But slaves on board of American
vessel* lying in British waters, are not within the exclusive
jurisdiction of England, or under the exclusive operation of
English law; and this founds the broad distinction between the
cases." ''In the opinion of the Government of the Unite-.l
States, such vessels, so driven and so detained by -necessity m
a friendly port, ought to be regarded as still pursuing, their
original voyage anjl turned out of their direct course only by
disaster, or by wrongful violence; that they ought to receive all
assistance necessary to enable them to resfume that direct eourse;
and that tnterfeience and molestation by the local authorities,
where the whole voyage is lawful, hoth in fact and intent, ia
ground for just and grave complaint."
Lord Ashburton, in Ms answer to Mr. "Webster's
note, begins by remarking that," having left England
before the case of the Creole had been brought to
the notice ot his Government by the American
minister, he had not been empowered to enter Into
a formal stipulation" with respect to the class of
cases to which it belongs ; but that he felt all the
importance of ihe subject, and the desirableness of
falling upon some means for the prevention, in fu-
ture, of such occurrences. "Upon the great gen-
eral principles affecting the case," he says, " we do
not differ." And again he observes: " At the same
time that we maintain our own laws within our own
territories, we are bound to respect those of our
'neighbors, and to listen to every possible suggestion,
of means of averting from them every annpyahce
and injury. I have great confidence that tlds may be
effectually done in the present instance; but the case
to be met and remedied is new3 and must not be to<j
