Dec. 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6T
27th Cons....3d Skss.
Debate on the fine on General Jackson.
Senatg.
points of controversy; and we shall be the better
able, in future, to concentrate the national solici-
tude and guardianship upon it.
1 am sensible, Mr. President, what deep-rooted
prejudices there are in some minds, surviving (un-
consciously, perhaps) our former national conflicts,
■which oppose any settlement, however just and
honorable, of our difficulties with England. But I
appeal to Senators if this is an occasion on which an-
tipathies o'f that sort should be either indulged or in-
voked. Whatever cause we may have had, m former
periods of our history, to complain of the haughtiness
and injustice of England, in the present instance, at
least, she has shown nothing but a spirit of concil-
iation and peace. I profess to be not altogether un-
read in the history of our eventful relations with that
great power; and X take upon myself to say, that
never before (with the single exception of the short
administration of Mr. Pox, in 1806) has her Gov-
ernment evinced so sincere a desire to establish and
cement cordial and friendly relations with this
country. Is it either for our interest or our honor
to repel such dispositions %
I know the just weight and authority which the
opinions of Mr. Jefferson on subjects of national
policy have with many gentlemen on this floor.
They will pardon me, therefore, if I call their
attention to some remarks of his, which, both for
their spirit and their wisdom, seem to me full of
instructive application to the present occasion.
Writing to Mr. Monroe in 180G, (then our minister
in London,) and congratulating him on the prospect
of a just settlement of our differences with Eng-
land, which the known dispositions of Mr. Fox,
who had just acceded to power, afforded, he says:
uNo two countries upon earth have so many points of com-
mon interest and friendship; and their 1 ulers must be bunglers
indeed, if, with such dispositions, they break them asnntW.
The only rivalry that can ai ire is on the ocean. If she is just to
us, conciliatory, and pncourages ihe senhmmt of family
feeling and conducts it cannot iai] to betuend the sccuriiyof
both."
Shall we prove ourselves something worse than
the bunglers which Mr. Jeffersondeseribes, by rashly
setting aside a delicate and laborious adjustment of
long-standing differences, which the jusi and con-
ciliatory sentiments he invokes alone rendered
possible; and thus embroil anew two powe.rs who
were but yesterday on the brink of a rupture,
which must have involved the peace of the world
with their own"? "Whatever the violence of party
feeling may suggest, the sober judgment of man-
kind will pronounce the arrangement which has,
through so many difficulties,, been at last effected,
a happy and providential event—above a mere
achievement of diplomacy; and, hailing it as the
pledge of honorable peace, and of all the high in-
terests of civilization and improvement connected
with it, will hold to no light iesponsibility any, on
either side of the Atlantic, who, by rudely, reject-
ing it, from passion or caprice, would commit us
again to the excitements and the hazards of a re-
newed and exacerbated controversy.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 22, 1842.
The bill introduced by Mr. Linn, to indemnify
General Jackson for the fine imposed on him at
New Orleans while in the difcharge of his official
duty, came up for consideration, as in committee
of the whole; and there being no motion to amend,
it"was reported to the Senate.
Mr. IJNN remarked that he hoped (he bill
would be ordered to te engrossed for a third read-
ing. If there was- to be any discussion on the sub-
ject, it could take place upon the third reading. It
was his desire that it should be advanced now, and
he hoped the Senate would consent to the course
he had pointed out.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that it seemed
to him there was so good reason for exempting it
from ths ordinary course of bills passing through
the Senate—that of referring it to an appropriate
committee. Indeed, it seemed the more necessary
that this bill should now take this coor?<", in con-
sequence of the extraordinary manner in which
the subject had been recommended to the consider-
ation of Congress in ihe President's message. If
it is a subject of .such importance to ihe general
welfare, as to call for that recommendation, it must
solely be one which it is proper should take in-
ordinary course of being referred, like the oiher
topics of the message. This is, at all events, a
safe course, and one from which he would not ex-
empt this bill. He did not well know—nor, indeed,
did he consider it important—what committee it
should be referred to; but he would suggest that
probably the Committee on the Judiciary was the
most appropriate.
Mr. LIinN contended that there was nothing
unusual in ihe manner in which he had introduced
the bill, or its present position on the calendar. It
was the same bill which he had introduced last
sewion, and which was defeated by an amendment
that obliged him and his friends to vote against its
passage. The subject had bien fully discussed
then, and he really thought exhausted. It had been
referred to ihe Judiciary Committee, and returned
without any additional light. He could, therefore,
see no use in such delay now. And as to the Sen-
ator's remarks iu reference to the President's mes-
sage, he should ssy that it was not at all in conse-
quence of the recommendation in it, that he had
introduced the bill; for if it never had been men-
tioned, he should have introduced the bill the first op-
portunity afforded, in the exact form in which it is
now before the Senate, being the very same bill
which was defeated last session. The whole sub-
ject is compressed into as few words as possible,
and requires no elaborate report of a committee.
When up last session, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, centrary to his wishes and
remonstrance. He then thought (and was still
of the same opinion) that, as the introducer and
mover of the bill, he was in courtesy entitled to
make choice of a direct vote on its adoption or
rejection, in preference to its commitment or mod-
ification. He knew that, if referred to a hostile
committee, it must receive an adverse report. The
Judiciary Committee last session returned it to the
Senate for its own decision—perhaps not being able
to cou.e to any conclusion as to the nature of the
report, which should be made.
The bill was very simple; it required but few
words to express its object; that it clearly did, with-
out the s'ighten reference to any controverted
poini; and, therefore, he could not see any rea-
sonable objection to letting it be ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and if lhen any gen-
tleman wished to enter into discussion, he would
be ready to show why be thought the bill ought to
pass. It might, by common consent, now be ad-
vanced to that stage, and the discussion might pro-
ceed; or, if it was thought more desirable, a day
next wrek might be fixed for debate, and the sub-
ject might be so postponed. When he introduced
the bill, his only reason for then fixing a day for
its consideration as a special order, was to proceed
with it in conformity with the course pursued by
the Senator from New York [Mr. Tallmadge] on
introducing his exchequer bill, which was made
the special order for Tuesday next, without being
referred to any committee. He wished this to lake
the same course, presuming that it required no
elaborate report from any committee—and that
there could exist no desire to give it unnecessary
delay. He would now propose that the bill be
ordered lo be engrossed for a third reading, and
that the discussion be postponed till it came up on
its thi-d readme.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected, that if the course
pointed out by his friend from Missouri were
adopted, the bill would be placed beyond the
stage of reference and amendment, even should it
appear in discussion that either were necessary.
There was, he thought, one fact not touched upon,
which placed the matter in a light somewhat differ-
ent from that reflected upon it last session. It was
wet! knowB to the Senate that, when the subject
was referred to ihe Committee on the Judiciary
last session, and when the committee returned the
bill without a report, it was because the committee
had no evidence before it, either documentary, his-
torical, or otherwise, upon which it could base a
report. Now, the case may be quite different.
There may be authentic evidence to lay before the
committes ; it may be in a condition to advise the
Senate, which it did not feel authorized to do last
seasioa.
""Mr. BAYARD observed, that when this matter
was submitted to the Senate at the last session, he
felt disposed to return the fine—not on the ground
that there was any legal claim on the Government
of the United States, but as a matter of courtesy—
as an additional acknowledgment of services
rendered. It seemed, however, that the gentlemen
who advocated the bill were not satisfied with this-
concession, but that, seeking the absolute exculpa-
tion of the General, he and his friends insisted that
his course on the occasion in which the fines
originated, was perfectly justifiable—that the ac-
tion of the judge was wroBg, and that it is the duty
of Congress to refund the fine. And this was the
very issue which demanded the amendment of the
bill which he had submitted at the last session. It
certainly, then, did seem very odd that, after a re-
pose of nearly thirty years, Congress should be
called upon—after the circumstances had fadedfrom
the recollection of the community and of individual
members of Congress—to approve of a high-
handed violation of the Constitution by one of the
military officers of the Government. The altern-
ative was presented of either giving countenance
to an implied approval, or expressly disavowing
the intention of passing any opinion; and the Sen-
ate preferred the latter coarse.
Through the kindness of the Senator from Loui-
siana, [Mr. Conrad,] he (Mr. B.) was now ena-
bled to refer to more documentary evidence of the
grounds of decision in the matter, than was at his
disposal last session. He held in bis band a copy
of the record of the court, m tthe handwriting of
the clerk of the court, and made out at the time.
He had read it carefully, and had come to the con-
clusion that justice to the court itself—the perma-
nent interests of the people of the United States—
required that the matter should stand as it does;
and that it comports better with those interests, and
the reputation of the distinguished individual in
question, that the affair should rest on its present
footing. This was the deliberate conclusion to
which he had come. Under these circumstances,
he was in favor of referring the bill to the proper
committee; and this course was the more necessary,
seeing that the avowed object of the bill is to pro-
cure a legislative recognition of the legality of the
course pursued by General Jackson on that occa-
sion. He himself—his friends who push this meas-
ure in its present shape—say he woald disdain to
accept the restitution of the fine as a gratuity. Ft is
claimed as his right, on the ground that he was
perfectly justifiable. And what is the inevitable
conclusion? What but that, if he was justifiable,
then was the action of the court illegal and unjus-
tifiable. This is the conclusion, and there can be
none other. He wculd ask, could the Senate, with
a due sens® of its duty, permit such a conclusion?
Was it not necessary that care should be taken to
avoid this conclusion? and, therefore, the bill ought
to be sent to the Committee on the Judiciary, that
its report may place before the Senate and the
country all the facts in relation to which it is called
upon to act.
It is not a light matter for Congress to sanction
the idea that the lives of our citizens, their prop-
erty, and their personal liberty, may, with impu-
nity, be placed at the mercy of a military com-
mander, and a court-martial of his officers, brought
together at his summons. He knew very well that
there were some very extraordinary notions enter-
tained on the subject of martial law, which would
render a court-martial the mere ministers of the
arbitrary will of the commanding officer. Now,
he thought he was prepared to show that, by the
Constitution of the United States, it is not in
the power even of the Congress of the United
States, much less of an officer acting under a com- •
mission derived from theTederal Government, to
declare martial law, affecting every class of the
community. Congress may, indeed, suspend the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, but cannot
declare martial law to be the law of the United
States, or of any part of them. There is a great
and glaring error committed in this matter, by con-
founding these things. Civil law is that law which
regulates the rights and duties of citizens gen-
erally. Martial law is a code specially applicable
to the army and navy, and militia when called
I into actual service, and is a distinct code for theic
