Dec. 184®.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
•27th Cons......3d Sess.
Debate on the fine on General Jackson.
Senate.
hfm to cause an authenticated copy of the record
tp tie made, and forwarded to him. This was done.
, Meantime, however, a friend in New Orleans had
sent him the copy now in the hands ef the Senator
from Delaware, which he brought to the Stenate a
few days ago, when this bill was last up, and ex-
hibited it to several members as a document ascer-
taining the proceedings connected with the imposi-
tion of the fine on General Jackson. By a singu-
lar chance, it is a copy made out shortly after the
proceeding; occurred, and is certified by the clerk
who officiated in them. It is dated in December,
1815. The gentleman who sent it to him stated
(as well as he reeollected) that it had been found
among the papers of some person deceased, by the.
notary who made the inventory of his estate, and
had been preserved as a curiosity.
So far had it been from his (Mr. Conrad's) in-
tention, or that of any other Senator, to suppress
this document, that it was determined to lay it
before the committee to which the bill should be
referred, if it were referred, or to submit it to
the Senate if the bill were not referred. In the
meantime, it had been shown to many Senators,
who had expressed a curiosity to see it; and it
was now at the scrvice of the Senator from
Missouri, if he desired to examine it. Perhaps,
indeed, it would be well to adopt the suggestion
of that Senator, and have it printed for the use
of the Senate.
On the question now pending before the Senate,
he would only say that it was entirely indifferent
to him what course the bill might take. It must
be recollected, however, that in fact there had
been, as yet, no report on the bill—the committee
to which the former bill was referred having had
no evidence before it upon which it was consid-
ered a report could be based. If the object of the
Senator from Missouri was really to have this
money refunded to General Jackson on terms hon-
orable to him, (and he did not dovibt that this was
his object,) and not to make political capital out of
the question, it appeared to f-im that the only way
in which his object could be attained would be by
the reference of the bill. What was the Senator
now attempting? To have the bill adopted by ihe
identical body which, after a protracted discussion,
rejected it by a large majority, not five months ago.
He submitted to that Senator's -candor, whether
he could expect the Senate to reverse its former
decision, except on such evidence as should satisfy
the majority they were wrong? On the other hand,
if the bill \vere_referred to a committee, the facts
might be repotted, and some mode might be sug-
gested in its report by which the money could be
refunded to General Jackson, without doing any
injustice to the character of others, or encouraging
the exercise, by future military commanders,
of powers not conferred by the Constitution, and
dangerous to the lives and liberties of our citizens.
Mr. BUCHANAN had but a few words to say
on this subject. Tne Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayahd] bad been discharging his heavy artillery
against nothing. He had not even a target to aim
at. It bad never been coniended on this floor, that
a military commander poss-es-fed the power, under
the Constitution of the Unittd States, to declare
martial law. No such principle had ever been
atserted on this (the Democratic) side of the House.
He had been induced to make this disclaimer m
consequence of an attack which had been made
upon him, in a well-written pamphlet signed "A
Kentocfaian," for h^r.ng advocated such a doc-
trine, in conjunction, s'rangely enough, with the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] and a distin-
guished member ot the other House, [Mr. Adams ]
He did not know who might be the suthor of this
pamphlet; but he must «xpress his surprise how
any candid man, who had read his remarks at the
la*i session of Congress o;\ the subject of the re-
mission of Genera) Jacketn's fine, could have
fallen into such an trior He had then expressly
declared (and the puuhthed report of the debate,
which he-had recently ejapined, wouH justify
himin this aspen ion) that wc did not contend,
strictly speaking, that General Jackson had any
constitutional light to declare marital law at New
Orleans; but tha>, as this exercise of power was the
only means of saving the city from capture by the
enemy, he stood amply justified before bis country
for the act. We placed Ihe argument not upon the
ground of strict constitutional right, but of such
an overruling necessity as left General Jackson no
alternative but the establishment of martial law, or
the sacrifice of New Orleans to the rapine and lust
of the British soldiery. On this ground Mr, B.
had planted himself firmly at the last session of
Congress; and here he intended to remain.
In the history of everynationat war, cafes might
occur of such extreme and overpowering necessi-
ty, that, in order to save the country, a military
commander might be compelled to resort to the es-
tablishment of martial law. Emergencies might
exist, in which he would be guilty of culpable neg-
ligence, if he refused to adopt this expedient. This
was eminently the position of General Jackson at
New Orleans. If, knowing, as he did, that a traf-
torous correspondence was carried on with the ene-
my, and that no other means of arresting it exist-
ed, he would justly have exposed himself to the
severest censure, had he suffered the city to be
sacked, rather than save it by declaring martial
law. But, in every such case, the-commanding
general acted upon bis own responsibility, and at
his own peril; and must afterwards appeal to his
country for his justification. To that country he
had made his appeal, and it had nobly justified his
conduct. It was an act of the most heroic patriot-
ism—of the sternest duty. Most fortunate had it
been for us, that a man commanded in that city
who never shrunk from personal responsibility
when his country was in danger.
General Jackson's situation at New Orleans pre-
sented the case par excellence for such an exercise of
power. If we were to search the history-of Ihe
world for examples—if imagination were permit-
fed to take the widest range, we could not present,
or even fancy, a case more strongly justifying, in
every particular, the declaration of martial law,
than that which existed at New Oileans. All the
attendant circumstances are now matters of au-
thentic history. General Jackson was sent to de-
fend our great Western commercial city against
the British forces. He was almost destitute of regu-
lar soldiers. A few thousand raw militia, suddenly
brought together, constituted nearly his whole ar-
my. All that he had to rely upon was their native
but undisciplined courage. He had to organize
them, to discipline them, to infuse into them his
own indomitable spirit, and then to lead them to
battle and to victory.
And what was the condition and character of the
enemy against whom he had to contend"? The
British General commanded a numerous and well-
provided' army of regulars, in a perfect state of
discipline, and flushed with victory over the con-
querors of Europe. Such were the fearful odds
sgainst General Jackson! We can ali remember
that, for a time, despair sat on almost every coun-
tenance; and we have been informed that when the
news of the victory reached Congress, there was
such a burst of enthusiastic joy as had never been
witnessed before in these halls. This was the
effusion of patriotic hearts upon the delivery of
their country from fearful and impending danger.
By what means did the General achieve this great
and glonous victory?
Louisiana had been a Spanish province but a
few years before. Its ancient inhabitants had not
become warmly attached to our Constitution and
laws, as they are at present. Besides, there were
many discontented foreigners within the city of
New Orleans. Whilst a very large majority of the
inhabitants displayed their patriotism and ihsir cour-
age on the field of oattle, the city harbored within its
bosom a number of traitors, who were in corres-
pondence with the enemy. The General's weakness
and his plan of defence were in this manner com-
municated to the British commander, who was
thus instructed in the best mcrie of attack.
General Jackson was thus placed in a position of
awful responsibility. On the one hand, he was
aware that the letter of the Constitution conferred
upon him no authority to declare martial law;
whilst, on the other, he knew that the establishment
of martial law was the only human means of ar-
resting this traitorous correspondence with the ene-
my, and saving the city. Before this act was per-
formed, he had consulted the leading inhabitants of
New Orleans, "who entirely approved the measure.
• Suppose General Jackson had refused to estab-
lish martial law, and the city had been captured:
how coutd he then have justified his conduct to
his country? Could he have said, "I knew'there
was a band of traitors within the city, who-Weife
in correspondence with the enemy; I knew that, in
this manner, all my plans for its defence would be
defeated; I knew that, by declaring martial law, the
city could have been saved: I knew all this,! but
such was my reverence for the letter of the Con-
stitution, that, rather than violate it, I determined
that New Orleans should be surrendered, to the pos-
session and pillage of the enemy? I would , not,
even for a few days, restrain the constitutional
liberty of the citizens, even to secure the perma-
nent salvation of the city."
No, sir, no. Excusable is not the word.. Gen-
eral Jackson stands justified—amply justifiedw-in
the judgment of his whole, country, for his;con-
duct. This is no party question; at least, so far
as I am acquainted with the feelings of the people.
Posterity has already decided the question; because
more than a quarter of a century has elapsed
since the event. The passage of this bill, there-
fore, is only important as it will embody public
sentiment, and place upon the records of the nation
the vindication of their General.
Mr. B. had confidently hoped that, in this era of
good feeling, the bill might have been permitted to
pass without a word of comment. It was destined
to pafs; it would pass; it must pass, and that at
no distant day. This act of justice towards Gen-
eral Jackson would as certainly be performed as
that the American people were grateful to their
distinguished benefactor. Then why delay it?
Let the healing balm of our approbation go home
to him whilst he was yet in the land of the living.
Mr. B. strongly appealed to his patriotic and gal-
lant political enemies in the Senate to suffer the
bill to pass without further delay.
Mr. ALLEN "made some remarks against the
reference, and argued in justification of the declara-
tion of martial law by General Jackson at New
Orleans. He maintained that its declaration was
indispensable to the safety of that city, -and that
the necessity was a full justification of the act.
Mr. CRITTENDEN followed in reply to Mr.
Allen.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that his remarks had
been misconceived in the report quoted by the au-
thor of the pamphlet signed "A Kentuckian " I
said (continued Mr. B.) in the debate which took
place at the last session, I gave no opinion as to
the right of a military commander to establish mar-
tial law, unless the expression of my belief, that
Judge Hall was bound to issue the writ of habeas
corpus, may be considered as a denial of it: for the
very obvious reason that that right and this obliga-
tion could not co-exist. If martial law was right-
fully established in New Orleans, superseding, in
the extent which was practically given to it, all
civil authoiity, Judge Hall, thus stripped of author-
ity, could have been nnder no obligation to issue
this writ. When, therefore, I asserted this obliga-
tion, (which I did expressly in that debate,) I denied
inferential^ the right to establish martial law.
I did, however, say on that occasion, and now
repeat it, that, if Gen. Jackson believed (and I did
not question the sincerity of bis belief) that the
safety of New Orleans required the conficement
or removal of Louallier, and persons similarly sit-
uated, he was excusable in disobeyitag the writ of
hrtbeaz corpus, relying upon the coustry to absolve
him from a responsibility which he had assumed,
by adopting a measure which he deemed necessary
for its defence, when the responsibility of making
that defence was thrown upon him. I do not rec-
ollect that any gentleman asserted in that debate
that General Jackson had a right, under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, to estab-
lish martial law in the military district under his
command—that is, to subject its inhabitants to the
rules and articles of war. There were those who
maintained that he was justifiable in doing so;
which I did not. When it was admitted that the
Constitution and laws of the United States gave no
such authority, the lsgal question was at an end;
