Jan. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
it
27fH CONS. -. 3j> Skss,
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
British, seeing that the Don could not be bullied,
relinquished their high. pretensions of colonization
and.settlement, and accepted the humble privilege
of fishing, and hunting, and sailing the high seas.
This is the way the old Nootka controversy between
Spain and England ended fifty years ago. After
the experiment which the British have just made
of our peace-loving temper, it is not to be supposed
that we shall get out of the new Nootka scrape
without seeing the match applied to the priming,
or having the cup of dishonor held to our lips until
we drink it to the dregs.
The origin and the character of these establish-
ments on the Columbia, which the British Govern-
ment avows its determination to protect, I now
proceed to show; and for that purpose will have
recourse to the letters of Mr. John Jacob Astor,
addressed to the Department of State, and giving
an account of his settlement on that river, and the
attempts of the British fur company to break it up
before ike war, and their succcss in doing so after
the war commenced, and by the aid of their Gov-
ernment. It was in the spring of 1811 that the ship
Tonquin, despatched 'from New York by Mr. As-
tor, carrying 20 guns and 60 men, and an over-land
party of 100 men, led by Mr, Wilson P. Hunt, ar-
rived on the Columbia, and built the fort called
Astoria, near its mouth, and trading posts in the
interior. There were bo British establishments
then upon the river! Bui the moment the Hudson
Bay Company heard of Mr. Astot's enterprise, they
commenced their system of encroachment upon it.
I now read from his letters:
"It ia well known that as soon as the Northwest Company had
information of my intentions, and plan for conducting my com-
mercial operations, they despatched a party of men from the in-
terior, with a view to arrive before my people at Colum bm
These men were obliged to retm n without effecting their ob-
ject. In the mean time, representations were made to their
Government as to the. probable etlect of rny ope' ations on then*
interests, and requesting to interfere m their behalf. This be-
ing in time of peace, the Government did not deem it advt-ar>,ij
todoso. So soon, however, as war was deciaietl, the e repre-
mentations were renewed. Aid was asked trom the Govern-
ment; and it was granted. The Pile fritr.'.ie, end s.oop^oi-
war Racoon and Porcupine, were sent ftoni England with ot-
hers to proceed to Columbia riyer and destroy" ray property.
They sailed from England e?rly in January, 1813 Airivm?
Rio de Janeiro, Admiral Cicb. on oidered the PLusbe ?
with one of the sloops, to pursue Captain Porter, in the. fn- ate
Essex, and the sloop-of-war Racoon, to the Columbia rivet.
She arrived there, took possession in the name ofthe Kin'*. and
changed the name of the place (Astoria) to Fort George.
The pfan hj'mo adopted was such as
have materially affected the interest of the Northwest and Hud-
son Bay Companies; and it was easy to be foreseen that .hey
would employ every measure to counteract my operations; and
which, as my impressions, I stated to the Executive as early as
February, 1811, as wili be >>een by the copy of a letter whim E
wrote to the Secretary of State; to wlnrh no r,.ply w-k, :'r:v!in.
On repeated application, some time after, od was promi-fl
me; but I believe the situation of the country i ondered it incon-
venient to give it." ' ' * ' " • "1 believe, at present,
(February, 1813,) there, is no post or establishment, on the. Co-
lumbia river but the one here spoken of, (Astoria,) though 1 am
pretty sure the Northwest Company will endeavor to fix one,
as 1 have just now a letter from London dated November 19th,
(1812,) which says tin' Nwrtiiwest Company are fitting the ship
Isaac Todd, ol about SOU tons, to go to the northwest coast. The
writer does not say under what circumstances the ship ;nc.-:
but that she will ?o to Columbia river, there can be no doubt. I
pray you, sir, to have the goodness to bring this subject under
the consideration of the Piesulent," <Vc.
Mr. B. read other passages from Mr. Astor's let-
ters, explanatory of fiis enlarged and hbetal views
in making the establish mailt at the mouih ofthe Co-
lumbia raver, and said they showed him to be a
statesman as well as an able merchant. Ho also
passed a high encomium on the character of Mr.
Wilson P. Hunt, who led tiio overland expedition
of 100 men to the Columbia in 1311, and who, not-
withstanding his political opposition, was kept in the
best federal office in the State of Missouri (the S1.
Louis post office) eleven and a ha'f years ou; of
the twelve that Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Buren
were Presidents. Having done this justice <o M
Astor, and his agent, Mr. Hunt, (the nrst oi o,'jci.i: .
and the first founder of n white seUleiw on the
Columbia river,) Mr. R. returned to the imO'j-
diate object of his quotations from Mr. Actor's in-
ters: they were to show thai he made ihe Jir-l
companies
up.—that he resisted them an ring the peace, bat.
sunk under them during the war, tne British Gcov-
ernment having cone to their aid. The capture ol
his post was aii act of wai, done by a Bn iah sloop
of war; and as a place so captured, it was fcoumi
to be restored at the peace, '"he Ghent treaty
stipulated for ihe restitution, and it was revoked.
But here a fraudulent eva<ion ol die treaty was im-
mediately perpetrated, The fort Astoria was gjvsn
up; and the clear intention of the restitution was
that the fort represented the country, and that, in
its surrender, the country should be given up. This
was the clear intent ofthe treaty; not so the conduct
of the British! They gave up the little fort itself,
and immediately built a better one, in a better
position higher up the river; and then established a
chain of posts from the tide-water to the mountains,
and on both sides of the river. These are the es-
tablishments which Mr. Huskisson and Mr. Ad-
dington say have grown up under the Nootka con-
vention, and to which the British Government
owes protection, and intends to give it! These are
the establishments with respect to which that ar-
rogant language was used, and which, in fact, are
not within 500 miles of Nootka Sound, and have no
connexion with it. They are wilful encroachments
upon our known territory'—they are flagrant intru-
sions upon our settlements!—they are fraudulent
evasions of the treaty of Ghent!—and they are ta-
king the character of permanent possession and na-
tional colonies,while theNootka Sound convention,
under which they are alleged (absurdly alleged) to
have grown up, would only have justified tempor-
ary huts upon the coast, for the personal accommo-
dation of hunters and fishermen while pursu.t.g
their craft. Major Pilcher, late superintendent of
Indian affairs at Sf. Louis, (removed for his poli-
tics and his friendship to me,) and who visited the
Columbia in 1829, thus speaks of the principal of
these establishments, such a° it was af thai time:
"This fort it> on the north side of the Colombia, n,,ai!y op-
jiosue the mouth of the Multnomah, m :he region of tide-water,
andnearthe head of sh'p navigation. Iua a grand posiiion,
both in a military and comm.ncial point of view and formed
to command the whole region wa'ej • d by the Columbia and its
tributaries. The surrounding country, both in climate and
soil, is capable of sustaining "a large population, un*i ifs re-
sources mtimbergivea'ii!-;*: facilities (oi nhip'buiVina. Thid
post is forutied vrub cam.' and, bavins? buen selected ?? the
pnncioal or master posit.nn, no pains been «j'0ied to
Mp ni}iben ana improve it. fortius pnrpo.^, the old r.eai
ihe Hi jiub ot the lJVfi has Men abandon*-1 About 120 ac:
•>f jionnd a.m cnltivatKip; .md the Moduct l wheat, bai\"y«
oats, com, potafoe^, ..ur'otbei ve^iables, is equal to whai 'u
known j;« die best jm.a vf :hu UrMU-d Sum". Dt.tne^tic ao<-
m.ils aje nurneiom;--dit* h nn^d cattle h:t\m,T b^en stated t  
?n? af 300; hojra, hoist:-*, sh^ep. and soa^, m pioportbn; al.-o,
f! e u^uui do fi>\vb . v^rythin", '>■> Pc. n, ncati'i r«' pfi-
I'UMit't.r es.U'Ob, I .!m m. •i-'ip-Mmca;': b-t M .m"nec<i at this
place. Oua Tft, ei h«.3 been built ai\i n?£al, svni to f-ui, and
employed m tlie trade «>f rlie P.icific oceo >i- I also met a
tieu>an,on my way to lake \ViUfi.pec., at ihe pottle bttwecu
the Oolumbia am! Adiabiisc.*1, wbo \vi.? on lues svay fh-m flad-
pon's iiay to Toil Colville, with a master ship-carpenter, and
who was destined lor Fort Vancouver, lor the purpose ot buiU-
inga ^hip <>■ iMiiPiderAbleburdcn. ib>th and -,i.w miJls®
bfsve brtM C' .lit at. fort Vancouver: with the latter, they saw
ih«-. timber which 1-* seeded lor thfir own n-e. ,-ind a'"-o for e.\-
pouati4.n to the s>a idwich I'Unto-; upon tbi. tmnier. Ujc .r wheat
is ^I'lnufacturea into tl.-Mi'. And, Sioni al> that 1 <~<U|ld bnh-n,
fb^ intpoi'ant po.>t i-?ai!endy ^rowin^ up into a colony, and
tieihap^, intended a< a fnt ire rnditary nnd naval station \^buM
wa^ not expected V di^livrcd up a' tho e:.pira*'on of the
* OvVy whirls granted U'.cm a tt-mporaiy ai. I |<,>nt po^es-sio^.0
Such arc the nature, origin, cad pi rondUion
of tho Biu'.sjt est"{)\;.sbments on the CojmnUa.
They are intrusions npon oar knovn 1.eiriu-;y—
tortious agressions betorc the war ou Mr. L'm'oi':,
seitlemenl—fratnlulcnt evasions of tuo tremy of
Ghent—and have no more io do wit!i
fcji-'ind coTweniion iluin they have with the late
treaty cC China. Noutha is  ii vain invohed «o
rover ^ncr<.(5' nmciil ^ ntA-a u" oaecc-a' hnieinn
tor vmeh Hiiti.-h dipie^nacy heen endeavor-
ing above thirty to picparo the way—in
which the powerful Hudson Bay Company has
acted as the agent of the Government—-and i'or the
protection ot which company lh.2 B]iiisli mincers
now boldly hut) dctinnce in our laces. There is
nothing in the iNootlrn trea;y t'> co\cr all thi.^ ^rea
if it was not abrogated ny wa,; and it rcmauii t..
he seen wh thcr the threat of war is !'• hnv<i an
eiTt : upon ihi^. vigorous youflg 1'- public of e:^h-
Ueo mi.Uon< which li failed to ha;<T(-vc^
the dec?vine Sp:mt<h nmrarchy in it'H).
/'on v?n /-nvct i- hut one of the Hrrhh e;-i.^>
l^hrttcn^ on tiColu-obi:?: they b.v c c.,nuecb-d
ch:\hi of !.h^J^c -ct-v, ^iretchiusf 1 i o:n f .uCft '
the Tnotuiains, nnd coup-Jolir:.,r \viih ibr itsteriur
w'.i'ih ilVVt Caar li ;-na frum
[by. They ];ave in? -°i iho ^ oun-
tr-r; while the possession by rif>,bv Ueahc5. and
•by tne adtni^-ion of the Crit sh themcelvi-
V*. \i«t, This r'("'vnhied diiri'' the ncy^ii.'uicns
of [Sio. f Ti. Rruhj Hi a Ic^er i > i\h\ AJa'iir% -t
February. bears testimony to this ad ni^^ion.
He says:
S-It is prep- v, a: 'b q to tbnt\o'-w rn-rb'tra^h " >;•
mined, in tb.s i. o- - ste. t, -mrt- "ia o .-o i* i ^ta ed, ,\a i
to be the party in whiU- tre.mn^ ol .be u'l".''
This was As admission, of JU d o^tjereagh
while negotiating the convention of 1818. Jrle had
admitted" ijUC right to tie reinstated—that is, to be
reston d to the possession which we had before the
war, and of which war had deprived us. This
possession was not limited to the diagram of earth
covered by Mr. Astor's fort, bat to the country of
which it was part. To give up this diagram coh-
ered by a fort, and then go and take possession of
all the country besides, was not -a restitution, no
more than it would have been to have taken posses-
sion of Michigan after giving up Mackinaw, or ot
Maine, after giving up Castirie. We have a right
l'j the possession, while treating of the title; But we
have not the possession; and this bill, which pro-
poses merely to obtain a part of what is due to us,
is resisted because it implies the assertion of an ex-
clusive possession, and may be a breach, of the con-
vention of 1818. This is a mistake. Exclusive
can only be to the extent occupied. The Brit-
ish now have exclusive possession of the ground
covered by Fort Vancouver, Fort Colville, and
other forts; and of all the ground which they culti-
vate. They have forts, houses, fields, and farms,
and possess them exclusively. Our grants will be
110 more exclusive than theirs; they will only ex-
clude U the extent of the grant.
The objection to the terms of this bill grow out of
tlio'third article ofthe convention of 1818—that ar-
ticle which gives mutuality of occupancy, for cer-
U'i: purposes, to the country claimed by each par-
ty, for ten years; an article which is continued in-
definitely by the convention of 1828, subject to de-
termination on one year's notice from either party.
It is supposed that t: it article will prevent us from
ruing our own property as might have used it
before that convention was made. This is a mis-
take; and the reading of the artieie itself wiil
show that its object, was to give the privileges cf
hunting, fishing, and navigation to the citizens and
subjects of each p..wer over the territories claimed
by the other, without diminishing the power of
each over the territories claimed by itself. This is
clear from the article, which is in these words;
"It is d tin* nn ■' ■■ ■ ■ r.:fry >hat may U; claimcd by either
]i,n;y on the nortiwest coa^t of America, westward ofthe
Hiouy Mountains, bliail, toge.het wnii its haibure', bay*, ancl
urc:k«, ami the navigation oi'ail nv .i- wuhin tlie samp, be free
n id wen f<n the 'h ;n of tvn years from the date ofthe signature
of tin- convennon, to the ve^seia, Citiztnp. and subjects of tht:
two powers; it beiny well uiicteistooil that this agreement is not
to be coostviiedto the preiudice of aay claim which either of the
two bigh coi.trac.ung parties may have to any part of said
country; nor shall it be taken to affect the claims ot any other
P'mer or Qtat * to asty partofthe dald country; the only object
of the high contracting patties, in uiat respect, being to pre-
vent dispu'es and dlffeier.ces •_0jt'nj,st themselves."
This (said Mr. B.) i" clear and explicit. We
acquire the right cf going npon the British claims
in hunt, fish, and navigate: they acquire the right
income upon our c!ains for the same purposes;
the. clai/ax of eat u rcir.aininc precisely as they
were. This is all cleat. Now, what were the
el lims of each at that time! Oars was territorial,
Hiui definite and notorious to the Columbia river,
from its h'.aci to ns ln^nth The lettrr of Mr.
Adam= to onr ministers m London, and <neir let-
ters to lure, show that the British had no such
claim; that they pretended none such; but only
h\>. e<l 'o pl'rcn.ile tK line of forty-nine degrees,
and io ;ay c "jest-ogg lor ]V.i'u.r". pretensions south
of that Ihia. Tneir clauns were inthe northwest—
far in the northwest—where McK>rizie, Hearne,
and other discoverers had gone, and where the
fur companies Lju taken possession. Our claim
cov«redthe whote Columbia. Mutuality of occu-
r.m-oy in each other's claimed territories for tea
years, without oimiamiori of rights over our own
claimed ten itories, was the extent of the stipula-
tor.; and, therefore, we iriglu do upon our claim
wha'evcr we did before, subject to the navigation,
trade, &c., with which it fft>s encumbered. "We
Mig'.n grpit lard brio e the covenuor.; we can
,j!ant it si"ce. We migh'. riat.t t colony before
the convention, and it sit: -e, and ihe grant
po-t«
no :
ave !>,
see
e if;
tl uo
j-itpt
iiiaiv;
of couiniz-.tit.n. In laet,
ition nrt'i our pre-existing
A'.d now. v.-;nt has been the conduct of the Brit-
i,-,h tin's p-ticlc? They have crossed the 49th
degree- coi.'.e ac'-a upon the Columbia—taken
po-\ v^sit.-n ot it from the head to Ihe mouth—
teiiiiied and'colonized it—monopolized the fur
t.ade—driven all our trudeis across the moan-
mins—killed more tir-.n a thousand of them,
j (through their Indians,) ami used the Colum-
bia as a free port, through which they bring
| guods free of duty into our territories—<up intQ
