Jan. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
n
27th Cong......3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Linn.
Senate.
man is too feeble for such an overwhelming power:
after achieving the independence of the old thirteen
States, and scaling the Alleghany Mountains, they
are rapidly filling up the magnificent valley of the
Mississippi with a prosperous, happy, and intelli-
gent race of beings, who have subdued the savages
of the forest; made the wilderness blossom like the
rose; built villages and churches, towns and cities;
made roads; cut canals; endowed colleges, and tun-
nelled mountains.
The borders of the mighty rivers of the West are
adorned, even at this early day, with everything to
make life happy; and these elongated oceans bear
on their bosoms floating palaces; anifriate with gay
passengers; and freighted with their own, and the
rich productions of every clime and country. This
people, imbued with a spirit that holds in contempt
all obstacles to their onward march, are now moving
up the inclined plane of the "vast Western prairies,
and in a few years will reach the gorges and passes
of the Rocky Mountains from whence, they will
precipitate themselves into the fertile region and
wild climate of the Territory of Oregon, trampling
under their feet all opposition to their progress. But,
notwithstanding, the policy of the Government it-
self has, in the disposition made of all the Indian
tribes of the interior States, laised up an artificial
barrier, which for the present has stopped the natural
spread of our population to the West. On this In-
dian frontier, it has reached its limits. This outlet
of the .West (Oregon) must be opened, or our peo-
ple will soon break across the bounds within which
we have pledged ourselves by treaties that the ex-
patriated Indian tribes shall dwell securely. The
Oregon region must lie opened to the adventurous
and migratory spirit of our people; or the collcctcd
flood will soon burst over, and sweep away the In-
dian, to whom we have solemnly promised an un-
disturbed refuge in the homo to which wo have, by
so humane a policy, transplanted him.
The Senatorfrom South Carolina [Mr. Calijot;x]
regards this bill as going new and dangerous lengths—
dangerous to the peace and tranquillity of the two
countries. Yet the bills introduced with the same
object, long since, under the administrations of Mr.
Monroe and Mr. Adams, by Doetor Floyd, were far
stronger. They provided foi the erection of forts
and custom-houses. As for that formidable and
perpetual impediment, the treaty, it existed just as
much in force then, as now; and surely those gentle-
men might bo considered as tolerable judges of the
foice of treaty stipulations.. Adverting, then, to the
English claim, as founded on their alleged discovery,
Mr. 1. inn treated the pretended visit of Drake to that
portion of the Northwest coast as altogether prepos-
terous. The narrative itself, which describes a re-
gion bound up in ribs of ice, in the month of June,
makes it impassible for any one now to believe that
Drake's visit was to Oregon—a coast never witness-
ing such intense cold, even in mid-winter, and
usually enjoying the soft temperature of earlier
spring. Nor can any more stress be laid upon the al-
leged discoveries of Mear's and Vancouver's Lieut,
Broughton, But, in truth, this whole British claim
is recent. It was never heard of, as against the dis-
covery of Captain Gray, or the explorations of Lewis
and Clarke. As late as 1814, the question of our dis-
covery was minutely examined in one of the lead-
ing British authorities on such questions, and our
claim admitted as incontrovertible. After the sur-
render of Astoria during the war, (which place fell
into the hands of the British, through the treachery
of Mr. Astor's English partners,) they began to per-
ceive, in its full extent, the value of this new acquisi-
tion; and although it was surrendered to the United
States under the first article of the treaty of Ghent,
the English began to announce their pretensions to
a claim—first, through anonymous writers in the .Na-
tional Intelligencer, at this place, (at the instance, it
was said, of Sir Charles Bagot:) and afterwards by
the British authorities, in their formal correspondence
with the United States Government. As to what
England may urge in regard to the. force of the
Nootka Sound treaty with Spain, it is sufficient, at
present, to say that any such claim must have fallen
with that treaty itself. Temporary in its character,
and speedily dissolved by the war which occurred
between the two countries soon after, onr right, if
placed alone on the strong and certain ground of
prior discovery, would be as immutable as the
everlasting hills.
The Senator from South Carolina has urged that
we should, first of all, give the twelve months' no-
tice of our renunciation of the treaty. He (Mr.
Lixn) could only answer that he had repeatedly, by
resolutions, urged that course in former years; but
always in vain. He had ever been met with the
answer : '• This is not the 'proper time—wait."
Meanwhile, the adverse possession was going on,
fortifying from year to year the British claim and
the British resources, to make it good. Mr. Madi-
son had encouraged the bold and well-arranged
scheme of Astor to fortify and colonize. He was
dispossessed; and the nucleus of empire which his
establishments formed, passed into the hands of the
Hudsons Bay Company, now the great instru-
ment ofEnglish aggrandizement in that quarter.
The Senator insists that, by the treaty, there should
be a joint possession. Be it so, if you will. But
where is our part of this joint possession1? In what
does it consist, or has it consisted1! We have no
posts there, no agent, no military power to protect
traders. Nay, indeed, no traders! For they have
disappeared before foreign competition ; or fallen a
sacrifice to the rifle, the tomahawk, or the scalping-
knife of those savages whom the Hudson Bay Com-
pany can always make the instruments of system-
atic massacre of adventurous rivals. Of the extent
of these murders, or of the regularity with which
they are enacted, the Senator has probably but little
notion, unless he has made it the subject of special
investigation. I can assure him that, before the
year 1829, there had perished in this way, on the
plains and in the mountains, as was well ascertained
by a committee of this body, full five hundred men;
and the yearly slaughter has gone on ever since,
ranging between fifteen and twenty men during the
year 1842. But, whatever has been the history of
your peopling distant regions, will be its history
now—every effort to bo disputed with something
which this Government sill inks from encountering.
You have never failed to turn your back upon any
such hardy enterprise. The very navigation of the
great river of the West, so vital to the prosperity
and happiness of the population of the valley of the
Mississippi, for thirty years would have been yielded
to Spam, under the old articles of confederation, but
that it required the assent of nin° States to bring it
into the validity of a treaty. Six Eastern States
were ready (o abandon,,-;it, for an interest the most
wretchedly disproportionate. If that mighty access
to a new and a greater empire of the West has been
preserved to you, it is in spite of your supineness,
in spite of your timidity, in spite of your impolicy.
As for mc, (said Mr. L.,) I desire, in this irre-
sistible advance of our population, destined to cany
to the very verge of the continent (he benefits of
our free institutions, to march with every public
light iu the lead, while we carry to those regions
of barbarism tlie press, the ploughshare, and the
bible. And I would, even in these great purposes,
halt rather than violate our national faith solemnly
pledged in a treaty. But I tell the Senator that we
cannot thus rigidly adhere to what our rival so lit-
tle regards. That Senator does not know, or has
overlooked, the progress which English possession
has been for near thirty yeais making against us,
under cover of the Hudson Bay Company—the
irresponsible instrument of British power in that
quarter—by means of which and this treaty
we are steadily circumvented. There, as in the
East Indies, Britain prepares her way to unchecked
dominion, through the stealthy advance of these
trading companies, which scatter tile seeds that are
to spring- up into a harvest of power for her.
I insist, that the bill does not attempt to dis-
possess Great Britain of anything she now holds.
It does not define our territory. That we have
some there, is certain. Can she object to our set-
tling south of the Columbia, on a territory to
which, with ail her facility of claiming, and tenacity
of holding on, she has been willing to surrender?
Sjhe, herself, has extended her jurisdiction over
Oregon,—built forts, set up establishments, settled
farms. AVhy cannot we do the samel
I am glad (said Mr. L.) that the Congress of the
United States—at least as far as the expression of •
opinion has gone—has made some progress in this
matter. If the Senators [Messrs. Calhoun and
Choatjs] who have just spoken will turn back to
the recorded arguments of 1822,, and subsequent
years, in Congress, they will find that the reasons
they noiv urge against granting lands, were then
used against the proposition to build forts, extend
our laws, or erect custom-houses. I now un-
derstand these Senators as resting their objections
to this bill on the clause granting away lands in the
territory—on our obligations under the treaty of
1818, renewed in 1827; and that they do not raise
the same objections to our building forts and occu-
pying such portions of land as may suit our con-
venience. This is reporting some progress, as there
existed three objections formerly, and one only is
put forward now.
It strikes me, Mr. President,—indeed, I know it
to be a fact—that the British Government, as a
Government, never has built a fort in the Oregon
country. It is plain, then, that if our Government
erects fortifications on the Columbia, the same ob-
jection may be made by the British Government,
which is now made here, with regard to grants of
land—that it amounts to the exercise of an exclusive
right not authorized by our obligations ander the
treaty. There is, in fact, no objection which can
be uiged against our making grants of land, that
will not equally apply to our Government building
forts, and occupying any part of the soil. It is a
mere question of a government doing an act openly
and honestly as a government; or doing it covertly,
through the agency it has itselfcieated.
The Government of Great Britain has not direct-
ly, in its capacity as a Government, built forts, or #
selected and occupied lands m the territory; but it
has encouraged its creature—the Hudson Bay
Company—to do these acts; and, when they are
done, it tells us openly that British interests have
grown up there, -which it must and -will protect
against the world. The facts are indisputable, that
furt.N, called Hudson Bay "trading posts," exist on
the Columbia; that the English have selected and
occupied lands in which their Government has
piomised that their interests shall be protected; and
that, although our citizens may, in their private ca-
pacities, make settlements and occupy lands there
also, our Government has failed to promise them
the same protection and security promised to the
subjects of Great JBt itain by their Government.
We are, indeed, with some inconsistency, told by
the Senators that we may build forts; which ne-
cessarily implies the permanent occupation of the
sites upon which they are to be built; but we cannot
exercise the same power over the contiguous lands,
that we do over those on which the forts stand. The
principle appears to me to be identically the same,
whether we occupy or appropriate one acre or a
thousand, or whether, the value of the land is little
or much. The objection on the score of exclusive
appropriation of any part of the territory for Gov-
ernmental purposes, is like applicable to our obli-
gations under the treaty, if those obligations are in
reality susceptible of the construction given to them
by the Senators. Great Britain, in her own pur-
suits, has not, so regaided her obligations under the
treaty. And all that I propose to do by this bill
is, to take the same steps she has taken; to inter-
pret our obligations as she interprets hers; and to
offer our citizens the same encouragement and pro-
tection she invariably give* to her subjects, through
the medium of the Hud-son Bay Company.
Why should there be anything offensive to Great
Britain in all this! Why should this eridanger the
poace of the two countries! And if she can be so
unreasonable as to conceive offence at it, why-
should that deter us from doing right—from doing
our duty? Are we to wait for her permission!—to
submit to her dictation!—to followjn her wake, in re-
gard to the construction to be put upon this treaty?-™
to look to her submissively till she says, You may go
so far, but you shall go no farther? No, sir; Mr. L.
said he couid riot, won!$ not believe that any
