,80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jail. 1843^
27th Cong 3d Skss.
West Florida Bill—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
American will, for a moment, entertain the craven
thought. He knew something of the colossal pow-
er, the boundless energy, and the vast wealth of
that little island, fast anchorctl in the far -Atlantic.
. He knew that, from hor isolated sea-girt throne, she
overlooks the whole world; and that she has said,
and is saying, to the nations of the earth—like one
of her monarchs of old to the ocean—"thus far ye
shall go, but no farther." But he also knew that
we—at least, in times not long past—had refused to
,)>ow to her commands, and had set at naught her
threats. And he would not now, nor should he
ever, as an American citizen, submit to the arro-
gance of dictation. Either on this, or any other
subject of our internal policy, the consideration of her
pleasure or displeasure could have no weight with
him. Neither as a Senator here, nor as a private citi-
zen elsewhere, would he ever yirdd one iota of our
claim to that territory. It is ours by treaty with
Prance and Spain, by discovery, and by settlement;
and he was prepared to take every step in his pow-
er to do what is necessary to assert and maintain
our title. If, in doing this, w> are compelled to ap-
proach the verge of war, or plunge in the gulf, let
the blame fall on the injustice which drives u? to
it. He was not insensible to the evils of war. Ho
knew it was a rough game—a scourge to the na-
tions of the earth—and that we must share its mis-
eries as well as its triumphs. He know, too, that
England never wants a pretext for war, when she
decides that it is her interest to he the aggressor.
If she chooses to make the passage of this bill a pre-
text, it is the same thing to us as the selection of
any other pretext. She makes war or peace, just to
suit her own views and further her own policy.
She acts for her own interests, regardless of the ef-
fects on others. She never asked for our interpret,!-.
tion of the treaty when she encouraged the build-
ing of British posts on the Columbia, and the oc-
cupation of the whole country through the agency
* of her fur companies. She did not wait for our
permission to build up British interests in the coun-
try, which, when erecting, she told us to our tooth
she would protect. But we an told on this floor
that she construes the treaty to mean a joint occu-
pancy for trading purposes; and wo are called upon
to interpret it as she does, wliii- we know that her
actions do not conform to that interpretation.
I hold (said Mr. L.) thatwcarctOi«ter/im thetrca-
11! for ourselves. We witness that, under the mantle
ofher Hudson Bay Company, Great Britain h, spread-
ing her coils around the whole territory; and we
know that her policy must eventuate in her obtain-
ing, not a ioint occupancy and jurisdiction, bat an
exclusive possession. I.1 ride.'. this cover, she lias
already done what this bill calls upon you now to do
on our part, or weakly to sutler oui rights, even un-
der the, treaty, to lapse. She has legislated for the
jurisdiction of the whole, under the pretext of legis-
lating for the protection ot' her Hudson Bay Com-
pany and ..s'litemois.
What is this hut the same artful course she pur-
sued in India! For, at, litst, her movements were under
the shadow ol'hci ]0a: '.India Company; until, eventu-
ally, she look flu: reins ep.-nfv mto her own h:u..s,
and became the nilet ol two iiimdit"! millions of
subjects entangled m hor meshes.
On the banks of the Columbia rivei, she is lay-
ing the foundation for a similar state of thine's. It
is in vain for gentlemen, in I heir overweening con-
fidence in the nation il integrity of lOneiand, to de-
ny the facts indelibly iinprc.-sm on Ihe pages of his-
tory, which records theso transactions.
Ho would ask the Senators whether die Ins not
taken the course indicated, in relation to Indi i! ami
whether the increase of lier power there was. not
fostered in the same tout/ ttiat she is now cultivating
it on the Columbia'! It is a system from w hicn she
cannot and •"•ill not depart, wherever she is permit-
ted to prosec ato it. it is our policy to put a stop to
that system in tiie Oregon Terufory.
In what I have said, 1 would not wish to be un-
derstood as meaning to asseit tiiat, in exercising her
present authority over this ternto'), Great Biitain
would think of dispossessing onr citizens already
settled there, or preventing our emigrants from be-
coming new settlers. The result to which hor poli-
cy must lead, if followed out without interruption,
would be, that all settlers—no matter whence they
came—should ultimately become her subjects, under
the force of circumstances. But what I chiefly
insist upon, is, that she has given to the treaty,
which we are called upon to respect to the letter, a-
construction in every way advantageous to herself;
and that we, in self-defence, are necessarily obliged
to act upon similar views.
It is not pretended by her that we may not settle
the country south of the Columbia river; for, since
her ultimatum of 1827, in which she proposed to
take that stream as her southern boundary, the
Hudson Bay Company have actually dropped any
pretensions to exclusive right on the southern side.
Indeed, her hunters and trappers, after exhausting its
fur-bearing animals, have gradually withdrawn from
the hills and plains of the south, leaving many regu-
lar agricultural settlements inthe valley of the Wal-
lamctte, where they have farms, and even mills, and
have established themselves with increased energy, as
if determined to make their settlements permanent
on the northern bank of the Columbia. Although
this is a disguised admission that they have no right
to exclusive appropriation oil the south side, it is
equally a proof that they do exercise exclusive right
over the northern side of the river. But even then
they do not give up their jurisdiction over the whole
territory down to the 42d degree of latitude, and
even to the borders of Missouri and Arkansas.
It has been said by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the British authorities have not construed
the treaty so as to confer any joint right but that of
trading; and that our exercising the power of grant-
ing away lands for agricultural purposes would be
subversive of the objects of the treaty, to maintain
the right of hunting, trapping, and trading in the
country,by the subjects of Great Britain, and citizens
of the United States, jointly. But how do the facts
square with this assumption! Have not the British
e.iter.oive and well-cultivated farms on the Colum-
bia! Have they not large tracts to the north of this
river, from which they have prohibited all game
from being hunted or trapped! Have they not es-
tablished at home, in the city of London, the Puget
Sound Company, with a v,e-v c.f pursuing agricul-
ture on an extensive scale at Forts Xa:,qually, Col-
ville Walla-walla, and what is called their Colony
of Vancouver! Have they not extensive saw-mills,
furnishing lumber for exportation from the Columbia
river to the Sandwich Islands and elsewhere! Kuvc
they not contract:, with Russian settlement to the
north, for incredible quantities of wheat, butter, pork,
beef, salmon, and other products of the country!
And will the Senators say that these arc legitimate
exorcises of the right to trap, * 'int, and trade in
the territoryDocs the treaty, providing for the joint
use of the country fur purposes of trading, trapping,
and hunting, give the British a right to turn it into
British agricultural settlements, and deny to us the
right of making the like appropriation of the soil!
What exclusive right did they obtain to cut down,
and turn into lumber, for exportation, the timber of
the territory? Was there less evorci. of exclusive
own^n-hip over the timber, than over tl.c forts built
of it ?
The tfonator from Massachusetts says he has no
objection to the other portions of the bill, if the
grant of land's is stricken out. Does not the Sen-
ator see that its whole efficacy would be destroyed
by that very operatior? It would be a dead letter;
for no citizens of the United States would have suf-
ficient inducement to abandon the certainties which
they enjoy at home, foi the uncertainties, ricks, and
expenses of an emigration so distant and dangerous,
mi-rely on tne assurance of protection trom a few
widely-scattered military posts. They must have
this stimulant, which is the rational and substantial
encouragement for .-n enterprise so great to them
as emigrating to a wild country, cut off from friends,
kindred, and government, by thousands of miles, and
by hordes of savage tribes. Our citizens there,
and going there, without the guaranty of this
elcuee of the bill, would be discouraged, and be ul-
timately rooted out by the British, to whom the In-
dians arc tributary. Give them the land, and they
: will hold it.
We have raised a barrier against our own onward
march westward, by the Indian tribes planted on
our territorial borders. They are there open to a
foreign subsidy, for impeding our -accession to our
ocean limits; and it has become of vital interest to
our safety to acquire an ascendency over these treach-
erous and dangerous neighbors. That ascendency
can only be acquired and preserved by placing our
population, in part, beyond them, and securing our
avenues of intercourse with our distant territory.
And we cannot plant any of our population there,
without giving that encouragement for colonization,
which it has been the uniform practice of every civ-
ilized nation to hold out in such cases.
That we have the right to give all that encour-
agement which this bill proposes, he (Mr. L.) had no
more doubt, than he had of our title to some of the
Oregon Territory—a matter that never has been,
and never can be, disputed with truth.
SPEECH OF MR. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, January 14, 1843.—
On the bill for the relief of the people of West
Florida.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that a gentleman not now
in his seat (the Hon. Wm. B. Calhoun, ol Massa-
chusetts) had intended to present some objections
to the bill now before-the House. As that gentle-
man (said he) is absent, I feel it my duty to state
such objections as exist in my own mind. In or-
der to be understood, I will briefly relate some his-
torical facts tiiat have a bearing on the subject. As
early as 1811 Congress, by secret resolution, au-
thorized the President to take possession of the
Floridas, "in case an arrangement could be made
with the local authorities of the provinces for de-
livering possession of the same, or any part thereof,
to the United States." By virtue of this act, Gen.
Matthews invaded East Florida in the year 1812.
While there, the men under his command commit-
ted all those depredations which too commonly at-
tend the march of an invading army. They were
not restrained by the laws of the Territory, nor by
those of necessity. They took property which we
never furnish for our troops, and for which, when
taken from our citizens by our officers or soldiers,
we grant no compensation. Nor did they stop here.
They went further, and interfered with the per-
sonal relations of the people, and brought away
their slaves. What disposition was made of the
slaves does not appear. 1 fear they were not re-
stored to liberty. They were probably held in servi-
tude by their captors, and they, or their descendants,
are most likely in bondage in that Territory or
some neighboring State. In 1814 General Jackson
invaded the Territory of West Florida, and simi-
lar depredations were committed by the troops un-
der his command. In 1818 he again invaded East
Florida, where like depredations were committed.
In 1819 the United States, by her then Secretary
of State, John Q,uincy Adams, entered into a
treaty with his Catholic Majesty, acting by his Min-
ister Plenipotentiary, Don Onis, by which Florida
was ceded to the United States.
The last clause of tne ninth article of the treaty
is as follows:
" The United will cause satiafaction to be made for
the injuries, il any, wr-ch by process ol taw shall be establish-
ed to h-ive b-en suffered by the Spanish officers, and the indi-
vidual Spanish inhabitants, by the late operations ofthe Ameri-
can army m Fionda."
In 1823, Congress passed a law to carry into ef-
fect this clause of the treaty. At this time all de-
partments of the Government appear to have con-
curred in their construction of this provision ofthe
treaty. They limited it to the operations of the
American army in 1818, under General jackson,
as its terms plainly import. But 1 understand that
all payment lor slaves killed or stolen either by the
army, or by the followers of General Jackson's
camp, was refused by the Treasury Department.
The people of Florida, however, were not satisfied
with this limitan'on, particularly those who had suf-
fered under the invasion by General Matthews.
They applied for indemnity also under the law, and
their claims were rejected. They then applied to
ConTesS for relief; and in 183-1, another law was
passed for the purpose of extending indemnity to
those who suffered looses by the op.-rations of the
array under General Matthews in 1812 and in 1813.
This was an act entirely gratuitous. The losses
occasioned by the army under General Matthews
