Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
23%h Cong.••••3d Sess.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. Meiiwe'.her.
Hi of Reps
have told the people differently, and must now act
with some show of sincerity. But I predict this
repeal bill will be strangled just where it is; and,
next session, the Democratic party, having the
power, will complain of their inability to correct
all of "Whig misrule," and leave the bankrupt
law still in full operation. The facts just stated
by the gentleman show that I am not very far
wrong in my suspicions. He tells us that he vo-
ted against the passage of the bill originally; that
there is not a man in his district, save one, who
does support it; that that one is an "open and avowed
supporter" of the law; that the people demand the
repeal, and, to insure it, have left lnm [Mr. Bowne]
at home, and elected in his stead this very same
"open and avowed supporter" of the present law.
This fact shows that the excitement in the gentle-
man's district was not very alarming, however
unanimous it may have been. And it shows, fur-
ther, that the gentleman may have mistaken public
sentiment; and, in order to get into the current
again, and to keep up appearances, it may be. that
his speech was intended to do what he censured in
others so much—to slave off the question of re-
peal ! That strange speech had an "awful squint-
ing" that way.
This fact shows, furthermore, what confidence is
to be placed in the complaints of ihe Democratic
party against their opponents and their acls. No
exception to the acts oi the Whig party was more
prejudicial to them than that founded upon the
bankrupt law. It was daily denounced as the
means of destroying all confidence in society, and
bringing bankruptcy and ruin upon the whole
country. It was denounced as a system of rob-
bery, and a palpable violation of the Constitution.
These charges have been believed; and the coun-
try has, by its vote, evicted from power and place
the party who held control when the law was
passed. The gentleman was no silent spectator in
the great struggle. lie denounced the law; his
constituents agreed with hun, all but one man, and
now, when the battle has been won, when the
weapon of assault is yet reeking with the blood of
the victim, when victory is certain,—that very
constituency hurl from their affections the man
who had faithfully sustained their views, and have
elected in his place one who had opposed him and
hem upon this very question. For the party's
sake, they joined in the denunciation; and now,
for their own sabes, they have elected a Repiesent-
ative who could, without change, subserve their
views. They opposed a principle to get into pow-
er; and when in power, they sustain it, to keep
there.
Mr. M. said that he was opposed to the repeal of
the bankrupt law. He slated that now, as it was
possible he should not again touch the subject under
consideration in the course of his remarks, [laugh-
ter,] he should follow' very closely the example
which had been set him. He voted originally for
the passage of the bill. He was not satisfied, at
the time, as to the wishes of his constituents upon
the subject. He had to rely upon the evidence be-
fore him, in the shape of memorials addressed to
this House—upon private letters leeeived by him-
self and others—upon conversations with gentle-
men who were at the seat of Government, from
his State, at the extra session. From all the.se
sources, the overpowering evidence was, that the
people of his State desired the passage of the law,
and he voted for it. Befoie the law went into ope-
ration, however, he became satisfied that the same
people desired its repeal; he therefore voted m ac-
cordance with their wishes. Recently, the subject
had not been agitated; but he had seen the good
effects of the law; it was a measure of justice, sent
in mercy to a whole people, groaning beneath the
iron rod of heartless power, and struggling, amidst
the deepest and most gloomy reverses of fortune,
to subsist those whom nature bad made dependent
•upon their labor. Then, upon his own responsi-
bility, he should vote against the repeal. Further,
he should so vote upon every incidental motion as
would most certainly tend to defeat that repeal.
And if, as it had been said, it was an object of great
desire to the Democratic party to reserve to a
Democratic Congress the honor of repealing the
law, he would, by his votes, help to give them an
. opportunity. Then ue should see whether they
would repeal the law, or retain it; whether they
would modify it; and whether, since they have de-
clared it to be unconstitutional, they would attempt,
by their legislation, to set up debts which they now
gay have been unconstitutionally discharged. Let
them nave a fair sweep; and let us see how far
they will verify, by their acts, what they have said
to the people.
Mr. M. said he had been very much amused at
the confession of sins which was now going on
with the Democracy. Whether conscience was
pricking, or concealment was no longer necessary,
he pretended not' to say. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bowne] had said that he was an
old Federalist, but as soon as he judged for himself
he became a Democrat. Mr. M. thought it was no
great effort of judgment to lead a votary of Fed-
eralism to Democracy: the dividing line between
the two had never yet been defined. The gentle-
man said that if proscription was to cut off or repel
a man from the Democratic party because he was
a Federalist, many who were now in their ranks
would have no further place here. This was a
candid and a true confession; and if a political
confessor were appointed, it would be a difficult
matter to divine the time of his duration in office,
if he but listened for a moment to the confession
of each Democrat who had the same sin upon his
.shoulders which the gentleman admitted was on
his own.
Mr. M. had sometimes been at a loss to account
for the great zeal of the gentleman [Mr. Bowne] in
behalf of the cause of Democracy. If he is a
penitent at the footstool of political mercy, and if,
by shifting from Federalism to Democracy, he has
found (or thinks he has found) a political regen-
erating grace, it may be that to the maxim, that
"new converts are always the most zealous," is to
be attributed his fiery zeal. But Mr. M. had like-
wise heard it said, that the most "zealous converts"
were not always the most radically reformed. The
gentleman might still be under a delusion as to his
conversion, and as to the probabilities of conver-
sion at all for one who occupies his place. But,
be this as it may—whether the gentleman be re-
formed or not—whether it be in fancy or in fact—
judging of the past by the present, if the past was
as bad with him, proportionably, as the present
seems to be, let no man who seeks political refor-
mation ever cease from the struggle to acquire it;
for, looking upon the gentleman's present condi-
tion as improved, 1 feel that, in the most perfect
respect to him, 1 may say to others, go on—
'•For white the tamp holtls out to burn,
Tlte vilest sinner may return."
But, turning from the gentleman and his faith, 1
desire to say something of the auction sale, which
is the subject of a speculation. My friend from
Indiana [Mr. Thompson] expressed the opinion
that the article offered was damaged, and there
would be no bidders. I thought then, and yet
think, he was mistaken. The thing is damaged,
beyond doubt; but the Democracy, rather than be
without power, would bid for and use any article,
however badly damaged; and, in the sequel, we
shall see that their too free use of a damaged com-
modity has resulted in damaging them. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] was too
old a dealer in politics—was too skilful and provi-
dent—not to know the value of the article to be sold.
He knew the character of the bidders too well—
their necessities and dispositions—to hazard his ob-
ject. He stood behind the screen; he saw those
who pulled the wires; he knew the suppliants for
Executive favor; he held his notes in his pocket,
and saw and knew all the motives to action—who
must act, when they must act, and how; he saw
over the entire ground, and knew the stations of
his men.
The result has shown that he was not mistaken.
Never did auctioneer ply his bidders so well be-
fore; never did bidders respond more kindly be-
fore®. True, there was some little squeamishness
at first—some little restlessness; but this was natu-
ral, and to be expected, when the business had been
so suddenly and publicly thrown upon them, All
seemed to like Mr. Tyler very well; he was quite
an honest man; he had been badly served by the
Whigs—a most rascally set of ingrates, who had
put him in office, and then had refused to put their
heads down as stones on which he might step
higher and longer. They did not like Daniel
Webster and John C. Spencer, however; but this
was a secondary matter; they would support Mr.
Tyler's measures that were right, and they knew
he would offer nothing that his consr-ienre did
not approve, unless seduced by Daniel Webster.
This was the maiden coyness with which the De-
mocracy began their bids; but, as an earnest that
more would be granted, if enough had not been
conceded, the auctioneer was assured that the-De-
mocracy would not dash themselves against the
"constitutional fact."
As the auction has advanced, the bidders have
been warmed up, and better terms have been offer-
ed. The gentleman [Mr. Bowne] comes up fully
in public to the terms doubtlessly reserved and dic-
tated in private. He says: Take Daniel Web>-
ster and John C. Spencer, with all their sins upon
them; receive them gladly and with open arms;
and tells his brethren that if they are rejected for
the sin of Federalism, measuring the same justice
to others, they must force "thousands of other gen-
tlemen" from their ranks. Does not this look like
bidding, and bidding freely, for the damaged
"thingi" and would the gentleman [Mr. Cushing]
have opened this sale if he did not know that cir-
cumstances would force the Democracy to show
their loyalty herel Sir, this auction has been a
troublesome ma'terto the Democracy; it has driv-
en them to assume positions, to show division, to
disclose purposes, which they had hoped to hide
from the public eye. The Whigs have had their
day of adversity; offices and measures were swept,
from us, like sand before the wind. This was a
day of rejoicing lor the Democracy; they laughed
at our adversities, and feasted upon the full harvest
of Executive patronage; and, so long as the Cap-
tain-General was in the dispensation of his favors,
all was quiet and happy; so long as the war was
against the Whigs, not a sorrowful thought crossed
their happy bosoms. But that war is over"; the ene-
my is supposed to be routed; and now the Captain
begins to inquire, What share of the spoils is mine?
What profit enures to me"! Who bids for the "con-
stitutional fact," against which I have dashed our
common foel There are in my family those who
intend to be heard in the next Presidential election.
Who bids for my power1?
Sir, I may repeat, this auction has been a trouble-
some matter for our opponents. Accustomed to
grief ourselves, we have more philosophy in its
midst. We have looked upon the sorrows of our
opponents with compassion, since the bright sun-
shine of their hopes has been turned to the chilling
damps of disappointment. We would that the bit-
ter cup could pass from them. We have seen that
the hour of their dissolution has come, before they
have yet entered upon the Elysian fields of their
glory. But, who bids'! is the hateful sound" that
rings through their ears. Who bidsl is the ac-
cursed knell which foretells the hour of their
doom.
But, sir, a community of action is likely to beget
a community of sympathy. The Democracy have
been the soldiery with which Captain Tyler has
waged his war upon the "fuend^ he left behind
hnn." They have imbibed a love, as was natural,
for their Captain; and the dispensation of many fa-
vors—of good and substantial offices, all held at his
will—has not failed to impress upon these favorites,
and their friends' friends and relations, and upon
all who think that, by possibility, they might fall
into the "line of safe precedents," that the Cap-
tain has manly virtues, lofty genius, noljle daring;
and
"Who should be king but Charlie?"
Besides, there are "buddings of disaffection" in the
ranks of the Democracy, growing out of the suc-
cession, as the gentleman [Mr. Cushinq] verj
shrewdly told us. Differences between the North-
ern and the Southern house were far from anyhope
of speedy reconciliation. In the mean time, the
"fact" was here and could not be surmounted. All
these things had brought uncertainty into the ranks
of tho Democracy; and at this moment, so inoppor-
tune for them, the President has snatched the ban-
ner of the guard, and planted it in their midst. Who
feels that they need my power"? Who bids for it?
is the ready query that, like an electric shock,
thrills throughout their whole ranks; and bid, some
one must.
Now, sir, it is unnecessary for any one to dis-
guise the fact that Mr. Tyler has divided and bro-
ken the lanks of the Democratic party. Their
"one and indivisible" front is a mass of chaos.
Followers are flocking to his banner; and the lit-
tle guard, once so insignificant, is now quite an
army of well-disposed affections, ifnot countedmen;
and all its recruits are drawn from the Democracy.
The number, too, is greater than public opinion
has allowed. The "givings out" of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bowne] favored this opin-
ion; and, if I am not mistaken, from the gentle-
man's speech of yesterday, [Mr, Weller,] he has
