Jan. 1845-
APPfcNDIX TO THK COMGUESSIONAL GLOBE2
27TH COVO. .. 3D Skss.
m
'Hit Bankrupt Law—Mr, Meriwether.
H. of Reps.
him when he (Mr. C.) had put up the Administra-
tion, if he expected the Whig party to bidf Mr.
O. called on the gentleman, and on every member
of this House, to put his finger on any part of his
speech that authorized this imputation. [Laughter ]
He denied that there was any foundation whatever
for it; and he asked the gentleman from Georgia to
select from that speech a single sentence, it' he
could, which justified that imputation, which the
gentleman himself would declare to the House to
be unjust in principle, or untrue in fact?]
Mr. Meriwether resumed: The gentleman from
Massachusetts was trying to play a Yankee trick
upon him—answering his question by asking him
another. The answer had in nowise been given 10
the interrogatory. Waiving, however, his light to
insist upon an answer, the gentleman asks me to
point to a single sentence of his remarks that
would justify such an imputation. Mr. M. would
§oint the gentleman to his whole speech for evi-
ence to sustain the construction he and others
had placed upon it. It was no objection to the
fact, that one single sentence did not contain the
proposition of sale; the whole speech was com-
pounded of several propositions, each resting upon,
and connecting with, the other. If this (Mr. C.'s)
rule of interpretation were to apply, we might, for
the same reason, reject some of the most important
truths of the Bible. Mr. M. could understand
nothing else from the gentleman's remarks than the
imputation which had been made. But I will inti-
mate to the gentleman what I have before said to
the House were the terms of his propositions, and
leave him to contradict the facts as I state them:
that he spoke of a "fixed fact" in the Federal Gov-
ernment; of the President as that "fact;" that the
"Whig party had been dashed against it; that expe-
rience did not serve to teach the Democratic party,
and they were going to repeat the same experiment;
that "fact" was the veto power m the hands of the
President; that in the Democratic ranks there were
discontent and division in reference to the succes-
sion; that some persons connected with the Admin-
istration intended soon to have a word to say in
the next Presidential election; and that the interest
of no party would be advanced by a fierce attack
upon the President, and he deemed it material to
be frank upon that point now. Now, with these
propositions, what other could follow, but that the
Administration would elect in the use of its friend-
ship, (which means the patronage of the Govern-
ment and the exercise of the veto power,) to bestow
the one, and to use or withhold the other, as would
subserve the interest of party friends'? And who
would be its friends, but those who sustained its
Measures, and were not "too furious" in their op-
position to the President1? And why talk of being
frank in your statements, if nothing was meant by
jt—no agreement to be understood1? Could lan-
guage be plainer, or logic more clear, than that
which deduces this crowning proposition from such
premises'? And the bare statement of these propo-
sitions had not failed of its effect. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy"] had promptly re-
sponded to them, disclaiming any intention to bid:
(and to have acknowledged it would have been too
barefaced,) but assured the gentleman that the De-
mocracy would not encounter the "fixed fact" in
their legislation at the incoming Congress; which
was to say, "declare your will, and we will execute
it." But, as the gentleman now says he did not in-
tend to sell, I suppose the sale is postponed for the
present. [Laughter.]
[Mr. Cpshtng (Mr. M. ajain yielding the flooi
for explanation) said that the gentleman had put to
him a question which was based on the assumption
that he (Mr. C.) had done a particular thing in this
House. Mr. C. had replied, by contradicting ihe
assumption and challenging proof, exhibiting de-
monstration on that point, and the gentleman said
that he had practised the Yankee mode of answer-
ing a question by asking another. It was not so;
Mr. C. had answered emphatically and fullv, cov-
ering the whole ground: and he now begged leave
to ask the gentleman a question. Would the gentle-
man be good enough to put his finger on a single
sentence of that speech which, either as a Whig or
Democrat, the gentleman would aver to be unjust
in principle or untrue in fact 1 If he would, Mr.
C. would pltdge himself to show, by exhibition of
the authority of some of the highest and best men
that had lived in the United States since the Rev-
olution, that propositions of the same tenor had
before been made.]
Mr. M. resumed. He had referred the gentle-
man to his whole speech; he seemed unwilling to
scan it; he referred him to it again; and when he
.-.hall have read it throughout, calmly and dispas-
sionately, he would find more in it than he seems
willing to admit now is there, and more than he
ought ever to have put there. Even the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] from the manner in
which he had undertaken the other day to explain
away the gentleman's speech, had evinced an un-
uttered conviction, that the construction placed
upon the speech was not altogether foreign to its
legitimate meaning. The gentleman says that he
will show, upon the authority o£ the highest and
best men of the country, that similar propositions
have before been made. Mr. M. did not doubt this.
Frequent charges had been made of similar com-
binations, and public sentiment had condemned
them. Does their recurrenes justify them1? or does
the knowledge of their existence by the "highest
and best men" of the country give them a passport
to our approval1? or does the existence of like pro-
positions negative the fact that those now being
debated ever had an existence1? He calls upon me
to condemn any sentence of his .yeech as "unjust
in principle or untrue in fact." His isolated posi-
tions, his individual propositions, may stand. The
gentleman sees the drilt of my remarks too well
not to understand my attack to be upon his speech
as a whole. I may' or may not dissent from his
propositions individually; that is not the issue I
make. But depend them one upon another; con-
nect them together, as he has connected them; de-
duce from them, as he has deduced the conse-
quence, the right of the President to wield the pa-
ti onage of his office and the veto power for the
building up or pulling down of parties, irrespective
of the public welfare, and of throwing the influence
and power of that patronage and of the veto, as
freaks of friendship or hatred may come over
him, to perpetuate or destroy political friends or
opponents,—and I denounce the whole jointly, and
each singly, in view of such connexion; and I point
to each 'and every of them as untrue in fact, and
grosslv unjust m principle to the people, and de-
structive ol every semblance of political right.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have not yet learned whe-
ther. at this auction, when it shall take place, it will
be expected that the Whigs should bid or not?
"W hen I was interrupted, I was about entering upon
the subject of Democratic difficulties. The gentle-
man [Mr. Cushing] had spoken of discontents al-
ready existing; of the intention of some connected
with" the Administration to have a word to say in
the next election. Mr. M. said that, doubtless,
these divisions had been fullv canvassed at the
other end of the avenue. The letter from the
White House, before referred 10, alludes to this
matter; and this allusion, and the identity of senti-
ment expressed by the gentleman with the letter,
while they show 'that what he has said was not the
result of momentary excitement, but premeditated
and spoken almost by authority, confirm to us that
these dissensions in the Democratic ranks are the
subject of speculation and calculation by the wire-
workers at the President's. Here is the reference:
"Talking of the Presidency, I never saw Mr.
Calhoun look so well and so full of hope and ex-
pectation. The Legislatures of South Carolina
and Alabama have nominated him, and other
States will follow. He is excessively uneasy and
fretful about going into a national convention, for
fear that Mr. Van Buren, being more dexterous
with the cups and balls, will cheat him out of a
nomination; and in this respect he has grounds of
apprehension. Mr. Van Buren in a convention is
line a little fierce bull in an amphitheatre, and is
sine to goieand loss all the hor.-es and riders who
m;iy come into the ring against him."
Here are some strong intimations of approaching
difficulty, and while it comes up completely to the
views as expressed by the gentleman, [Mr. Cusu-
in<;,] let us see if the concluding views do not
cover the whole ground assumed by him. The
letter continues.
"There is absolutely nothing doing heie, we may
say, in the political world, and I am glad ol it,
because when the politicians lie on their oats, the
country gains by it. Everything, of course, is in
an unsettled state. If a storm is brewing between
the Whigs, the Calhoun men, and the Van Buren
men, the Administration have only to remain tran-
quil until the hurricane blows over, and then take
advantage of the times. If the people could only
unhorse the leaders, no man would be so strong as
John Tyler, because he is evidently gaining strength
among the great body of the people."
Can any one (continued Mr. M.) look at all
these facts, and shut his eyes to the conviction that
the gentleman's speech was not mad& without concert
with others—without premeditationor.design—with-
out object1? and, if not without object, what other
than to identify the Administration, for profit or
loss, for better or worse, with some one of the con-
tending factions of the "one and indivisible Dem-
ocratic pany?"
The fact of division in that party is left unques-
tioned. That Mr. Tyler has effected that division,
and to a great extent, is undeniable. The only re-
maining question was, which portion of that party
desired most to convert his influence to its use"?
The Northern wing of the Democracy had
stepped forth boldly, .bid freely, and anxiously
sought to close the sale; but the Southern wing had
not, as yet, been heard irom publicly. Rumor had
blessed them with a greater share of executive
favor, but yet they have not signified their inten-
tion to bid or not. I should like to hear, from
that division ot the party before the debate closes.
There is a great deal submitted to (said Mr. M.)
in this hall, from parliamentary courtesy. There
never was freer use made of this liberty thandu-
ring this debate. When it first began, a casual
visiter would have supposed that the war waging
by the Democrats was aimed solely at the Whig
party. While the fact of an open rupture was first
developing itself, the effort to direct the quarre.
against the Whigs was most desperate; and soundly
were we whipped over the shoulders for the benefit
of our opponents. Well, he did not know that
he had much objection to this course. Mr.M.was
opposed to making family jars public spectacles.
He was willing to take ihe eastigation, if, in so
doing, he could hide the wounds which family feuds
had made. He would have been very willing to
have covered up the divisions which existed in the
ranks of his opponents; but this seemed now to be
a hopeless matter, and they hod themselves become
careless and indifferent as to their exposure. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] had tried
very diligently to cover up all their difficulties; he
thrust most desperately at us; said some hard things;
appealed to old prejudices; spoke of our unworthi-
ness, and the vast superiority of his own friends.
But all this would not do; there was no response;
and m the bitterness of grief, in a moment of al-
most frenzied sorrow, he bade us to stand aloof, and
let their family quarrel alone. Mr. M. said he
should abide the admonition, and leave the family
to its tumults. The "cohesive principle," which
had hitherto bound them together, seemed too weak
to preserve the Union.
Mr. M. couldnothelp thinking, when he heard
such violent declamation from the other side, how
unsubstantial it was, and how very deceptive it
was to those who believed or thought there would
be a serious contest by the opposition in the next
Presidential election. The people abroad expected
a warm and animated contest; but the resistance
which would be presented seemed more like a
shadow than a substance. The Democracy were
united while the whole party warred against the
Whigs; but now, when the selection is to be made
who shall wear the robes, confusion and discord
have scattered them abroad, and divided and broken
their front. The heterogeneous mass has many
candidates for the honor—some whose claims are
growing very stale, and must now be canvassed or
never; they present many aspirants to the people,
but ihey will not be permitted to elect all, and they
are too weak to elect any one. Division is among
them, and is premonitory of defeat; if they are not
counting it, why do they not rally and present their
candidate? If thev can make a selection, why not
meet at once and harmonize-? But do they not fear
a failure, and consequently a certain overthrow,
by attempting a reconciliation, and not possessing
the power to accomplish it? Is there to be a con-
vention? It is said that there may be a fair con-
vention of the party; if so, when and where is it to
be held? The party doubtless have little hope of
any united action, and, consequently, no hope of
success in 184-1.
Although he was no prophet, he would predict,
without the hazard of having that prediction con-
demned by the reality, that, should the Democratic
party presentbutone candidate for the next Presiden-
cy and Vice Presidency, that candidate for President
would be Daniel Webster; and that candidate for
the Vice Presidency would be John C, Spencer |
