lujjik-
&P$mt>TkTO tfttfc CftNGftfiSSlOICAL G&OB1.
fiec. \m:
i^ra Gons' — SD
The Oregon Bdl—Mr. McRoberts.
Senate.
t)uncan, Strange, and other British traders, we are
hot told; and for a very good reason. Indeed, they
seem to be named only to fill up the back ground of
the picture, as the sentence concludes by saying that
the single example of Mears suffices to quash—yes,
quash is the word—Gray's claim to the prior dis-
covery of the Columbia river.
Now, it so happens that X have beforeme a piece
of evidence upon this subject, that cannot fail to be
interesting to the Senate and the country. It is tes-
timony written at the time, with all the frankness
of a gallant sailor—and that sailor, too, an officer of
Great Britain. I read it here, to show how the as-
•umed facts and conjured up arguments of a British
minister to sustain a bad cause, and made out forty
years after the date of the transaction, are anni-
hilated by the naked statement of a sailor, and he
their own officer.
I read from the second" volume of the voyage of
discovery of Captain George Vancouver to the north
P cific ocean in 179l-'92-'93-'94.
Vancouver was in latitude 47° 37', and says at
page 41:
"At four o'clock a sail was discovered to the west-
ward, standing in shore. This was a very great
novelty, not having seen any vessel but our own con-
sort during the last eight months. She soon hoisted
American colors, and fired a gun to leeward. At six
we spoke her. She proved to be the ship Columbia,
commanded by Mr. Robert Gray, belonging to Bos-
ton. Having little doubt of his being the same
person who had formerly commanded the sloop
Washington, I desired he would bring to, and sent
Mr. Puget and Mr. Menzies on board to acquire
such information as might be serviceable in our fu-
ture eperations.
"On the return of the boat, we found our con-
jectures had not been ill-grounded; that this was the
same gentleman who had commanded the sloop
Washington at the time we were informed. She had
made a very singular voyage behind Nootka. It was
not a little remarkable, that, on our approach to this
inland sea, (Strait of Be Fuca,) we should fall in
with the identical person who, it hail been stated,
had sailed through it. His relation differed, however,
very materially from that published in England!
He assured the officers that he had penetrated only
fifty miles into the strait in question.
_ "He (Captain Gray) likewise informed them of
hi# having been off' the mouth of a river, in latitude
46° 10', where the outset or reflux was so strong
as to prevent his entering for nine days."
Page 58:^ "The river Mr. Gray mentioned should,
from the latitude he assigned to it, have existence in
the bay south of Cape Disappointment. This we
passed on the forenoon of the 27th; and, as I then
observed, if any inlet or river should be found, it
must be a very intricate one, and inaccessible to
vessels of our burden. Mr. (fray said he had been
several days attempting to enter it. I was thorough-
ly convinced, as were also most persons of observa-
tion on board, that we could not possibly have passed
any safe navigable opening, harbor, or place of
.security for shipping, on this coast, from Cape Men-
docino to the promontory of Classat:" that is
from 40° to 47° 30' north latitude, and extending a
great distance both north and south of the Columbia.
In the month of October following, when the wor-
- thy Captain Vancouver returned to Nootka, and saw
Mr. Quadra, the Spanish commander, he changed his
opinion upon the point that there was no such
river as the Columbia, or no harbor on the coast
for shipping. The 13th of October, at page 388
vol. 2d, he uses this language:
' The present re-established serenity (of weather)
encouraged me to hope I might be enabled, in our
route to the southward, to re-examine the coast and
particularly a river and a harbor discovered by' Mr.
Gray, in the ship Columbia, between the 46th and
47th degrees of latitude, of which Senor Quadra
had favored me with a sketch. For this purpose
our course was directed along shore to the eastward,
which would aflord an opportunity of examining
the Spanish survey between Nootka and De Fuca'l
straits."
This last passage contains three highly important
admissions:
1st. That Mr. Gray had discovered the river
Columbia.
2d. That he had discovered a harbor (meaning
Gray's harbor) north of the river; and that both these
discoveries had been made upon a coast where he
(Vancouver) had declared, in April before, that no
river, no harbor, or opening, existed.
3d. That the Spaniards had previously made a
survey of the coast from Nootka Sound to De Fu-
ca's straits.
Accordingly, on the 16th of October, at page 393,
we have the following order of Captain Vancouver:
'■I directed Mr. Whidley, taking one of the Dis-
covery's boats, should proceed in the Dedalus to
examine. Gray's harbor, said to be situated in lati-
tude 46° 53'; whilst the Chatham and Discovery
explored the river Mr. Gray had discovered in the
latitude 46° 10V'
Page 395: "In the afternoon, when having nearly
reached Cape Disappointment, which forms the north
point of entrance into Columbia river, (so named by
Mr. Gray,) I directed the Chatham to lead into it."
Sir, (said Mr. McR.,) was ever proof of the ex-
istence of any fact more conclusive than that here
exhibited—that Captain Gray was the first discoverer
of the great river of the West? This old volume
which I have found in the library contains the regular
journal of daily entries, made by Captain V ancouver
from April to October, 1792. The information fur-
nished to him by Captain Gray, of the strait of
Fuca, of Gray's harbor, and of the Columbia river,
is repeatedly mentioned. Captain Vancouver ob-
jected, in April, that there was any such river or
bay. When he returned in October, and learned the
particulars from Quadra, and received from him a
diagram of both, he directs the bay to be examined
by Whidley, and orders the other vessel to lead
into the Columbia. Ho examines them, and admits
that Gray was the discoverer. In the face of proof
like this, is it not amazing that the British ministers
in 1826 should declare to Mr. Gallatin that the dis-
coveries of Mears suffice to "quash" Gray's claim
to prior discovery?
The connected testimony of their own witness,
entered in his daily journal, and detailed in all the
simplicity of truth, is, of itself, sufficient to quash
a thousand such claims as those of Mears. It does
not only destroy all pretensions on the part of Mears,
but it annihilates the arguments of the ministry in
sustaining it. As long as that noble stream shall
bear the rich commerce that is destined to float upon
its bosom from the mountains to the sea, so long
will this evidence hold up to the living world the
name and character of its undoubted discoverer.
There is another branch of this subject to be con-
sidered, and which completes the view of our title
to the country by discovery. Mr. Jefferson nom-
inated on the 11th January, 1803, Messrs. Livings-
ton and Monroe to the Senate as ministers to nego-
tiate for the purchase of Louisiana. On the J 8th of
that month, he recommended an appropriation for
an expedition to the Pacific ocean. The 30th of
April, J803, the Louisiana treaty was signed; and
on the 14th of May, 1804, Captains Lewis and
Clarke entered the Missouri river on their western
expedition. Of the importance of that expedition—
of the privations and hardships which were en-
dured in its performance—of the unrivalled intre-
pidity, courage, and talent, displayed by its com-
manders and the whole party, it is not now my pur-
pose to speak. These things are known, and lill up
one of the most interesting and thrilling pages in
our history. The expedition traversed the Missouri
to its sources among the Stony Mountains, crossed
them in latitude 47 degrees north, found the head
waters of the Columbia, constructed canoes, and
passed down the river; and on the 15th of Novem-
ber, 1805, landed at Cape Hancock, upon the Pacific
ocean. Lewis and Claike and their party passed the
winter at an encampment erected by them south of
the Columbia, near its mouth. They traded, hunted,
and fished with the Indians, and on the 13th of
March, 1806, started for the United States. They
followed the Columbia in their canoes to its fills,
and thence travelled by land to the mountains'
One party, under Captain Lewis, crossed the moun-
tains directly east to the falls of the Missouri; while
the other party, under Captain Clarke, crossed south,
to the sources of the Yellow Stone, and passed down
it to its mouth, where the parties were re-united,
and on the 23d of September, 1806, arrived at Sc.
Louis. This was the first instance in which the
Oregon Territory and the Columbia river, from its
source to its mouth, had ever been traversed by
civilized man. The whole country on the route,
for more than three thousand miles, was sublime
wilderness. Lewis and Clarke were not men about
whom posterity can err. They are of the number
of those whose acts stand in high relief before the
world, and whose courage, self-command, and in-
domitable perseverance awakened new impulses in
the age in which God had placed them upon earth.
The trip was undertaken by the Government for
the avowed purpose of discovery; it was intended
to accomplish an exploration of the Oregon Terri-
tory from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific ocean.
It was intended to found a claim to that territory in
virtue of such discovery, and in furtherance of our
existing rights from the discovery of the mouth of
the Columbia by Captain Gray. The notoriety of
the expedition of Lewis and Clarke, and the pub-
lication of their journal, were notice to the world of
our purposes, and of the success of the expedition.
Our enterprising citizens have traversed portions
of the country on both sides of the Rocky Moun-
tains often since, and as far south as the Mexican
settlements. Emanuel Lisa, Hunt, Henry, and
others of Missouri, could be named; and General
Thomas James, of my own State. These noble
men, though engaged in individual pursuits, ex-
plored our remote possessions, and from their in-
trepidity and talents made the name and character
of their country respected in the remotest regions
of the West. Their names are known among all
the tribes, and by their exertions and sacrifices the
rights of our country are engraved upon the moun-
tains.
In furtherance of the rights of the United States
to Oregon, founded upon prior discovery, there was
an occupancy of the country under our flag of great
notoriety, and a subsequent act of the British Gov-
ernment recognising our rights founded upon that
occupancy. I refer to the establishment of Astoria,
near the mouth of the Columbia. In 1810 the
party left the United States, with the necessary mate-
rial and men; part sailed from New York, and part
crossed the country by land, and all met at the mouth
of the Columbia in the spring of 1811. Astoria
was established, houses and other buildings erected,
gardens enclosed and cultivated, a vessel built and
launched, and trading-posts located in the interior as
high as the mouth of the Okanagan, which is four
hundred miles up the Columbia. The party engaged
in hunting and trapping, and carried on an extensive
and lucrative trade with the natives. Their furs
and skins they shipped to Canton. The proceeds
were sent to the United States in silks, teas, and
other producls of the East India markets.
The establishment at Astoria—though it encoun-
tered some reverses, and especially in the murder by
the Indians of the crew of the ship Tonquin (in
which bloody affair, one of the crew, rather than suffer
himself to be murdered by their hands, blew up the
vessel, after the enemy had overpowered them,) the
establishment, I say, notwithstandingits reverses, bade
fair to be highly prospeious. It had the entire com-
mand of the fur trade through the whole extent of
the valley of tne Columbia. It "was the first perma-
nent establishment ever made there. Arrangements
at St. Petersburg had been made by it, for the exclu-
sive trade with the Russian settlements in the north
Pacific, I here was not one ISritish subject in the
territory. The news of the war of 1812 was carried
from Canada, by one of the Northwest Company, in
1813, and communicated to the inhabitants of Asto-
ria. He was also the bearer of intelligence that a
naval force was on its way from England to take
possession of the mouth of the Columbia. The same
ntelligenco was received from other quarters. A
fraudulent sale was then mado of the furs and other
property, to a party of the British Northwest Com-
pany; and shortly after an English ship of war entered
the Columbia river, and took possession of the fort
