W/
mim:
27th Cong««"3d Sbss.
WBNBIt to tm COMdRSgSIOlfAjL CltQfiB:
The Oregon BUI—Mr McRoberts.
m
Senate.
and buildings at Astoria, changed the name to Fort
George, and hoisted the British flag.
This was an act of public war. The place fell by
belligerent capture. The property belonged to citi-
zens of the United States, and was under the pro-
tection of our flag. England acquired no other right
than that which grew out of the laws of war. I have
detailed the material facts of the transaction, in order
to show that England herself did not regard that
capture as of any possession or territory of hers.
Immediately after the treaty of Ghent, the United
States demanded the restoration of Astoria, in pur-
suance of the stipulations in the first article, which
provided that all territory, places, and possessions,
captured by one party from the other during the
war, should be restored.
Accordingly, after writing two letters denying our
right to be restored to possession; and after an at-
tempt to have the question referred to an umpire,
which our Government refused; and after an armed
vessel of the United States had actually sailed for
the mouth of the Columbia, for the purpose of re-
occupying Astoria, and finding that nothing would
do but the restoration of the fort and property, the
British Government surrendered it.
The act of delivery is worth reading, to show
the good taste in which that Government can do
things, and also to show the unqualified terms in
which the restoration was made. It is in these
wotds:
"In obedience to the commands of his royal high-
ness the Prince Eegent, signified in a despatch from
the right honorable the Earl Batliurst, addressed to
the partners or agents of the Northwest Company,
bearing date the 27th January, 1818, and in obe-
dience to a subsequent order, dated the 26th of July,
from W. H. Sherrillf, Esq., captain of his Majesty's
ship Andromache, we, the undersigned, do, in con-
formity to the first article of the treaty of Ghent,
restore to the Government of the United States,
through its agent, J. B. Provost, Esq., the settlement
of Fort George on the Columbia river. Given under
our hands, in triplicate, at Fort George, (Columbia
river,) this 6th day of October, 1818.
F. HICKEY,
Captain of II. JIJT. Ship Jllossom.
J. KEITH,
Of the Northwest Company."
We were, therefore, restored to the possession of
Astoria in the most ample manner; and the United
States have been in the legal possession over since.
In 1818 Lord Castlereagh admitted the full light
of the Americans to be reinstated, and to be the
party in possession while treating of title. By the
conventional law of Europe, the consummation of
the inchoate title gained by discovery is the forma-
tion of settlements in the country discovered. This
is a safe and well-settled rule; and we can justly say,
that both by right of discovery, and by continued acts
of ownership, as well as by the title derived through
France and Spain, the United States, according to the
settled law of nations, has a clear and undoubted
right and title to the Territory of Oregon.
There is another branch of this subjcct to be con-
sidered. It is as to the validity of the claim which
England has made to that territory. I propose to
state the nature of this claim, that it may be seen in
connexion with the view I have presented of our
own. The subject is one of great interest, and an
examination of its merits cannot be uninteresting to
the country. England places her claim upon the
right of discovery, and upon a treaty with Spain
dated in 1790. The first English navigator that is
mentioned as conferring any claim is Sir Francis
Drake. He sailed from Plymouth in 1577, and
arrived in the Pacific the next year. England and
Spain were at peace; but as soon as ho arrived at
the Spanish towns of Gautulco, Acapulco, and others
in Mexico, he commenced a system of robbery upon
their towns and ships, that was altogether new to the
Spaniards. We do not know what his instructions
were; but one thing is certain—that he meant to let
the Spaniards know that there was such a man as
Sir Francis Drake. He certainly created quite a
sensation, for the historian says that the bare men-
, tion of his name would horrify the people for a centu-
ry afterwards. After ho had thus amused himself,
he sailed up the coast to 43 degrees north; and then
returned to the coast at 38 degrees, repaired his ship,
called the country New Albion, accepted the crown
from the natives in the name of her Majesty Queen
Elizabeth, and arrived in England in 1580. The
whole of the coast seen by Drake, so far as we can
judge from the evidence, had been explored under-
the authority of Spain thirty-six years before, and
several times within that period.
Sir Thomas Cavendish next attempted the circum-
navigation of the globe, in the list of English adven-
turers. He does not appear to have seen as much
of the coast as Drake had before him.
The next name that appears in the list of English
discoverers, is one that has been made immortal by
his public services, and by the justice and excellence
of his character. I mean the celebrated Captain
Cook. England was anxious to ascertain whether
there was or was not a northern passage by water
connecting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. She
despatched ships forth at purpose, at the same time,
to the north Pacific, and to Baffin's Bay. Captain
Cook was selected to take charge of the expedition
to the Pacific.
He was instructed to fall in with the Northwest
coast at latitude 45, to recruit his wood and water,
and then to sail to latitude 65 degrees north, and
there to begin his examination for "a water passage
pointing towards Hudson or Baffin's Bay." If he
became convinced that no such communication ex-
isted, he was to explore the seas north as far as he
could. He was to take possession of such countries
as he might discover, that had not already been dis-
covered or visited by other European powers. lie
was not to touch upon any part of the Spanish do-
minions, unless driven there by accident. He was
to give no offence to the subjects of his Catholic
Majesty or of Russia, but to treat them with friend-
ship. Such is the substance of Cook's instructions.
They clearly point out the objects of his voyage, and
the views of the British Government. Cook sailed
from England and reached the Northwest coast in
1778. He saw Cape Blanco in latitude 43, and
Cape Flattery in latitude 48. But he did not see
the mouth of the Columbia, nor the strait of Fuca.
The 29th of March, 1778, he anchored in Nootka
Sound. He remained there four weeks, repairing
his vessels, and trading with the Indians. He found
they had weapons of iron, and ornaments of brass.
One chief had two silver spoons of Spanish manu-
facture. He saw Mount San Jacinto, which had
been named four years before by Bodega, and Mount
St. Elias, described in Bhering's voyage. He con-
tinued his examinations north, passed into the Arc-
tic ocean, to the western extremity of America, and
crossed over to Asia, naming the strait after Bhering,
in honor of its first, discoverer. He traced the coast
of America to latitude 70 degrees 30 minutes north,
when lie had to return in consequence of the ice.
He found no passage to the. Atlantic, because none
existed. The remainder of his history is known to
the world. Ite visited the Russian settlement at
Unalashka on his way to the south, and arrived at
Owyhee, where, on the 16th of February, 1779, this
gallant and generous man was murdered by savages.
The examinations and surveys of Cook in the
north Pacific are of imperishable value. They
opened to the world a new theatre for enterprise.
But his instructions and the settled laws of nations
prevented him from acquiring any rights by discov-
ery to the Oicgon Territory. His opeiations were
directed to regions far north, and his discovciy of
the Capes Blanco and Flattery, and landing at Noot-
ka, gave no right to England; for all these points had
been previously seen and explored by Spanish navi-
gators. Nootka Sound had been occupied by Perez
in 1774-, which was four years before Cook arrived.
The, subsequent navigators, Mears, Vancouver, and
others, were nothing but trespassers upon the dis-
coveries of Spain and of the United States.
The next ground of title assumed by Great Brit-
ain is founded- upon a treaty with Spain. It is,
therefore, necessary that we look into the provisions
of that treaty. In 1826, upon the renewal of the
discussion in regard to the Oregon between Great
Britain and the United States, Mr. Huskisson and
Mr. Addington, the ministers of Great Britain, in a
communication to Mr. Gallatin, state their claim
growing out of the Spanish treaty in these words:
" Great Britain claims no exclusive sovereignty
over any portion of the territory on the Pacific, be-
tween the ^ 42d and 49th parallel of latitude; her
present claim—not in respect to any part, but to the
whole—is limited to a right of joint occupancy in
common with other States, leaving the right of ex-
elusive dominion in abeyance; and her pretensions
tend to the mere maintenance of her own rights, in
resistance to the exclusive character of the preten-
sions of the United States.
"The rights of Great Britain are recorded and
defined in the convention of 1790, (with Spain;)
they embrace the right to navigate the waters of
those countries, to settle in and over any pari of
them, and to trade with the inhabitants and occupi-
ers of the same. It is admitted that the United
States possess the same rights; but, beyond those
rights, they possess none."
Here, then, we have not only the rights of Great
Britain defined, but we are modestly told what are
our rights. Her claim, it is said, is limited to a right
of joint occupancy in common with other States.
What other States? In 1826, did any other Gov-
ernment but ours (except the claim she was put-
ting forth) lay claim to it? Spain, France, and
Russia, had all renounced to us, and the boundaries
were established. And is England to decide that
the only right to Oregon, in favor of any Govern-
ment, is a mere possessory one; and that it is a com-
mon right equally belonging to other States? If
so, it would seem that our treaties with France, Spain,
and Russia, are to be abrogated; that our right to
Oregon must be abandoned; and that, henceforth,
it is to be regarded as a country subject to the claim
of any "other States" of the world. The avowal
of doctrines so monstrous, and so wholly at war with
the settled law of nations, only proves the utter
groundlessness of her claim.
Let. it be^ remembered that her ministers declared
that "the rights of Great Britain are recorded and
defined in the convention of 1790" with Spam.
And then let us proceed to examine what are the
rights, the breadth and length of which are record-
ed in that convention. Here is the fifth article, the
one upon which these supposed English rights are
founded:
"Art. 5. As well in the places which are to be
restored to the British subjects by virtue of the first
article, as in all other parts of the northwestern
coast of N oi th America, or of the islands adjacent,
situate to the north of the coast already occupied
by Spain, wherever the subjects of either of the two
powers shall have made settlements since the month
of April, 1789, or shall hereafter make any, the sub-
jects of the other shall have free access, and shall
carry on their trade without any disturbance or moles-
tation."
Now, in what places, or upon what "parts" of
the northwestern coast of North America, did this
article operate! Is it upon the whole Northwest
coast, or only upon a part of it? The plain language of
the article furnishes the answer. It is upon the
"parts of the northwestern coast, or of the islands
adjacent, situate to the north of the coast already
occupied by Spam, wherever the subjects of either
of the two powers shall have made settlements
since the month of April, 1789." And what parts of
the northwest coast of North America did the subjects
of either Spain or England then occupy by settle-
ments made after the month of April, 1789! It is
proved beyond all doubt, that the only place upon
which either Spanish or British subjects made set-
tlements between the month of April, 1Y89, and the
28th of October, 1790, the date of the convention,
was at Nootka Sound. The testimony furnished by
England and Spain, and the letters of Captain Gray
and Joseph Ingraham, all concur in proving this,
Nootka was head-quarters. The ships, after ob-
taining their supply of furs, sailed from there direct-
ly to Canton. The language of the convention
could not refer to the ancient southern settlements
at California or San Francisco. The dispute had
grown out of disturbances at Nootka, upon the North-
west coast. Spain occupied Nootka; so had Eng-
land; the convention looked to that occupation,
