§0
A$PENDfl tO THfc CONGRESSIONAL QLOftBS.
Dec. !84f.;
27th Cosa .3d 8s
The Oregon Bill—Mr. McRoberts.
Senate.
The jomt occupancy was not to be to the south,
but exclusively north of the parts so occupied.
And Nootka is in latitude 49° 40', which is two
hundred and foity miles north of the mouth of the
Columbia river. That convention, therefore, never
gave to England the right to occupy a foot of terri-
tory south of Nootka Sound.
Sir, no part of the valley of the Columbia river
is, included in that treaty. And Mr. Huskisson and
Mr. Addington, in stating that "the rights of Great'
Britain are recorded and defined in the convention
of 1790 with Spain," have admitted that England
has no rights whatever south of Nootka.
Mr. President, (said Mr. McR.,) in this construc-
tion of the treaty of 1790,lam sustained by the high-
est possible evidence. lam sustained by the author-
ity of British statesmen, who supported that treaty
when Mr. Pitt brought it before Parliament. I read
from the 28t.h volume of Parliamentary History.
The Duke of Montrose, who moved an address of
thanks to his Majesty for having made the treaty,
said:
"We are not only restored to Nootka, but, by an
express stipulation, we may participate in a more
northern settlement, if we should find at any time
that a more northern situation would be preferable
for the carrying on of the trade."
Mr. Dundas said: "At Nootka we have obtained
a specific right of settlement to trade and fish,"
page 980.
Mr. Smith, another friend of the ministry, and
who warmly supported the treaty, said:
"The whole coast of Prince William's Hound was
free for us to settle on, no place being- occupied
there by a Spanish colony."
And where is Prince William's Sound! Mr. McR.
said, by turning to the map it appeared that it is situ-
ated directly west of Mount St. Elias, in the 60th
degree of north latitude, being nine hundred miles
north of Columbia river.
Here we have the construction put upon the
treaty by its friends, that the right on the part of
Great Britain to make settlements was to be to the
north of Nootka. The same volume (said Mr. McR.)
contains the opinions of members of Parliament who
were opposed to the treaty.
The celebrated Mr. Fox, of whose talents and
sagacity I need not speak here, in the debate upon
the convention, said:
"Our right before was to settle in any part of South
or Northwest America not fortified against us by
previous occupancy; and we are now restricted to
settle in certain places only, and under certain re-
strictions." Again, at page 'JOG he says: " We had
obtained an admission of our rights to settle to the
north; arid even that we had not obtained with
clearness, as 'Spanish settlements' were the only
mark of limits."
J/ord J\'orlh said "
"Was it not necessary to know the reasons for
so vague a delineation of our rights in tho Noith-
western American seas, as the convention contained;
and of the boon of Spain's not colonizing beyond
the most northern of her settlements.'''
'J'he jVurquis of hau-ubtame said:
"As to the particular trims of the convention
just concluded, it stipulated, with respect <o Noutka
Sound, what was either pernicious or hilling. It
appeared madness to think of colonies, after wh.it
had passed in North America."
The last remark, you pereeise, is a eery pointed
one; and being made but nine years after the devo-
lution, its import was well understood.
Sir, many members denounced the ministry, in
terms of bitter reproach, because the treaty had no/1
secured to them more of the A'oithwest. coast, and
because the British were restricted in their settle-
ments to the territory north of Nootka.
Jjortl Porc/iestcr said:
"A conduct so absurd and pernicious, so desti-
tute of all policy, the history of nations cannot ex-
hibit. Bullying so unprovoked, evaporating at
length in a convention so unmeaning, confidence
given so liberally, and so illy rewarded, never was
paralleled. Did not the event, he asked, confirm
file very general observation without doors, that we
had a ministry who had neither courage to make
war, nor the skill to make peace"!"
And, sir, (said Mr. McR.,) this very subject of
boundary, and the exclusion of the British traders
from the country south of Nootka—-that is, from
the whole valley of the Columbia river—was pressed
upon the ministry as a dereliction of duty, with all
the strength and eloquence of a most talented oppo-
sition. This point was never denied by the minis-
try or their friends. The treaty was defended on
other grounds, and was adopted, with the admission
of its friends, and the charge of its opponents, that
the British right of joint occupancy with Spain
was confined to the country north of Nootka Sound.
And yet, sir, it was in this treaty—ay, this far-
famed treaty—that, in 1826, Mr. Huskisson and Mr.
Addington averred that "the rights of Great Britain
are recorded and defined."
I take them at their word; and the history now
exhibited, tho concurrent testimony of its friends and
opponents at the time of its adoption, together with
the language of the treaty itself, all prove that it
gave to Great Britain no right at all to any part of
Oregon. We look to something higher than Nootka
conventions for our title. It is based upon tho first
elements of national law,—upon prior discovery,
upon occupancy, and upon deeds of purchase from
France and Spain.
T have now done with this branch of the subject
—the question of title. It is one ot great and trari-
scendant importance to the whole community; for
our people, who square their lives by a sense of jus-
tice to others, only want to know what are their
own rights, in order to defend and maintain them.
And upon the views now presented of our indefeas-
ible title to the Oregon Territory, I am willing to
abide the decision of the living, and the judgment ol
posterity.
Tho bill before us proposes—
1st. To cause a line of posts, not to exceed live
in number, to be established from our Western
boundary to the mouth of the Columbia river.
3d. To attach the Oregon to the Territory of
Iowa, for judicial purposes; and to appoint a judge
and justices of the peace to administer the laws.
3d. That Congress will hereafter provide for
granting to each inhabitant over eighteen years of
age six hundred and forty acres of land, who shall
-ultivatcitfive years; tothewite of each occupant, one
hundred and sixty acres; and to the father, for each
child he may have tinder eighteen years ot age, or
that may be born there withm the five years, one
hundred and sixty acres.
These aie the inducements which the bill pro-
poses as an encouragement to emigrants. The
honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn"] and the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Ciioai-e] are, of opinion that tho pro-
posed grants of land may come in conflict with one
of our treaty stipulations, giving a right of joint
occupancy to English subjects. Now I think that,
upon a more tull examination of the subject, the
objection will be removed; and I believe I shall he
able to show that England has been permitting to bo
done precisely what we propose to do. The con-
vention ot October 20, 1818, and extended by that
of August f>, 1827, was intended for the purposes
of hunting and trapping; the whole object was to
preserve, peace among men of the two nations, in
pursuit otturs and skins. The convention express-
ly r.rexipled the title to the country from its opera-
tion. We can, therefore, as well dispose of the title
to the land, as though the convention had no exist
cncc. Upon this point there can be no doubt.
Now, as to the propriety of doing it, we ail know
that the leading inducements to the formation of
that convention, which was to facilitate the collec-
tion of furs and skins, has almost entirely ceased;
and paitieuhuly in the countiy south of the Colum-
bia, which is the best adapted to agricultural pur-
suits.
The hunter has laid by his rifle and traps, and is
cultivating the land for a subsistence. If our peo-
ple go there, they must pursue the mechanics arts,
or be cultivators of the soil—not hunters. And they
will not go to Oregon, unless we make provision
for them. Indeed, this donation is the most capital
feature of the bill. It will insure a vigorous and
active population in the country, arid nothing else
will. Now I think my honorable friends will agree
with me about title.
Mr. Calhoun. I agree that the question of title
is clear.
Mr. Choatk expressed himself of the same opin-
ion.
Mr. McRoberts. We do not differ upon that
point.
Now the convention of 1818, creating the joint
occupancy, by one of its provisions, can be annulled
by giving twelve months' notice. The passage of
this bill will induce the Executive to give the re-
quired notice, or we can have it done by a joint-res-
olution. Before our people can get to Oregon, the
convention will be annulled; although it imposes no
obligation incompatible with our right to pass this
bill,, But there are other reasons: the bill is a pledge
that we will make provision for emigrants and set-
tlers, though no grant is to be made under five years.
This pledge to provide for cultivators of the soil
could not, therefore, molest the British subjects in
any right of hunting, trapping, fishing, or farming,
which was provided for or contemplated in the con-
vention of 1818.
Sir, (said Mr. McR.,) the British Government
have been for ten years doing, or permitting to be
done, precisely what we propose. Its subjects have
already large farms in Oregon. One gentleman
there in 1837, as we learn from a letter of one of
the missionaries, raised 4,500 bushels of wheat,
4,000 bushels peas, 1,700 bushels barley, 1,500
bushels oats, and potatoes in proportion. He has
750 cattle, 400 hogs, 200 horses, and a grist and
saw mill of great value, and works one hundred
hands, mostly Canadians. He has a garden of five
acres (I quote from the printed letter) "stored with
almost every species of vegetables, fruits, and flow-
ers ; among them figs, citrons, oranges, lemons,
pomegranates, cotton plants, and all common fruits
in the United States. Everything pioduces well.
For some days our time was divided between visits
to the farm, the mills, the herds, the dairy, the
stures, the ships in port, the school, &c. It, of
course, gave us great satisfaction to witness these
fruits of civilization, which wc supposed our eyes had
looked upon for the last time, when we passed the
ftontier line of our own land."
This is farming upon no ordinary scale. The es-
tablishment at Vancouver trades largely to the Sand-
wich Islands in flour and sawed lumber. Both
English and Americans have farms on the Walla-
mett. And, sir, Great Britain is encouraging this
policy, and declares that she will protect her sub-
jects in this individual appropriation of the land.
Mr. Huskisson and Mr. Addington, in 1826, in a
despatch to our ministers, said: "In the interior ot
the territory in question, the subjects of Great Brit-
ain have had for many years numerous settlements and
trading-posts. And tlicy navigate the Columbia
as the solo channel for the conveyance of their prod-
uce to the British stations nearest to the sea, &c.
To the interests and establishments which British
industry and enterprise have created, Great Britain
owes pioteetion; lhat protection will be given, both
as regards settlement and freedom of trade and nav-
igation." This is all that is material in the state-
ment.
Sir, (said Mr. McR.,) what is this but an appro-
priation of land! We allowed her a temporary
right of joint occupancy with us; and under this,
England encourages her subjects to settle and cul-
tivate the land, erect farms and build mills, and then
tells you that her subjects shall be protected in their
settlements and establishments thus formed or to be
formed. Is there any difference between such a
declaration, and the pledge which we make to pro-
vide for settlers in this bill! In substance, they are
precisely the same. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says that England might also make grants of
land to her subjects, which might produce collisions
between persons holding adjoining farms under
different titles. This is the answer: England
could make no grants where she had no title. She
might as well make grants upon the Potomac, as
upon the Columbia, But this bill removes all tempt-
