$&ri. 184$.
APPftftfliX f 0 THE CONGRfcSSld^AL GLOBE.
31
'27th Cong--.3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
alion for such a procedure, by conferring its privi-
. leges upon all residents, whether they be of Anglo-
American or European blood. England, therefore,
could have no cause of complaint, because such of
her subjects as may have built farms, and who see
proper to remain in the country and become sub-
ject to our laws and jurisdiction, would be protected,
and placed upon the footing of our own citizens. This
matter has been thoroughly considered; and the pro-
risions of the bill promising to make future provi-
sionfor those who have or may expend their labor
or money in making farms, is founded in the highest
principle of justice and philosophy.
Sir, a sense of public duty requires immediate ac-
tion. By our settled policy, we have placed a nu-
merous Indian population upon our Western borders,
extending from Iowa to the line of Texas. They are
now at peace with us; but they are the shattered frag-
ments of a hundred hostile tribes, and are composed
of the very elements of war. _ Being on the frontier,
they are liable to be influenced by tfiosc who have
been, and again may become, inimical to us. I need
not stop here to tell the Senate from what source
all our Indian wars have proceeded, or whose hands
first kindled the hostile fires; the world knows all
this, for the history of it is written in blood.
What plan could so effectually remove the tempta-
tion to war on the part of those tribes, as also of the
tribes still more remote, as to have a population in
their rear sufficient to overpower them?
The natural clement of the Indian is war. He
is taught it from his mother's lips in the wigwam,
and sees it practised and cherished as the highest
virtue of his tribe. We must counteract as far as
possible this dangerous propensity of his being; we
roust remove the temptation; we must provide
guards for protection; and the settlement of the Ore-
gon with an efficient population would accomplish
all this, and would create a moral power which, in
time, would extinguish their war fires.
The Territory of Oregon, to which our right is in-
disputable, extends from the 42d to the 49th degree
of north latitude, and from the Pacific ocean to our
territory east of the Rocky Mountains. This com-
prises a fertile region 700 miles wide at one extremi-
ity, and 500 at the other, running through seven
degrees of latitude, and embracing nearly two hun-
dred millions of acres—enough to form three or four
new States. Hitherto it might have been thought
we had territory enough, and that for some genera-
tions at least we would not have use for more. But
the late census, as well as those preceding, shows
that we may count upon our population being
doubled every twenty-three or four years. Here is
the table showing our increase:
In 1790 .... 3,929,827
In 1800 .... 5,303,Oil
In 1810 ... - 7,239,814
In 1820 ... - 9,054,590
In 1830 .... 12.800,020
In 1840 .... 17,008,660
By this ratio we may expect to have a population
of fifty-two millions in 1880, and at the close of the
present century at least ninety-two millions. We
.lay claim to nothing but what belongs to us by right.
By the taude proposed in this hill, we can accom-
plish this without any reasonable, ground of offence
towards any other Government. We have to act for
those who are to succeed us; and our neglect of tbeir
interests, at the critical moment when it is our duty
to place them on a permanent foundation, will be
wholly inexcusable. j
That duty is now to assert our rights—to extend •
our laws over the country—to encourage the occu- j
pation of our own territory by our own citizens—to
give them temporary protection in their emigration;
and, in less than ten years, your hardy citizens trans-
planted to this new section of our Union will be
able to defend and protect themselves.
Sir, I want to see no more of this delay—no more
procrastination.
"To-morrow, and to morrow, anil to-morrow,
Creeps in its peify pace from day to day
To tbe last syllable of recorded time;
Ancl all your yestetda- s have lighted men
The road to dusty death."
. The great interests of the country require action—
jspeedy and determined action; and I appeal to politi-
cal opponents as well as friends to unite with us, and
give an undivided support to this bill. Other nations
will take warning by it.
If our right to Oregon can be settled only by war,
then my constituents, and I believe the whole coun-
try, will unite with me in saying, Let it come. That
territory belongs to us, as I have this day demon-
strated; and I hold it one of our highest national
duties to assert that title, let what may come. Give
us a decisive vote in both Houses of Congress.
Unanimity upon the question is all that is now ne-
cessary; it will settle it as effectually as the sword.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
In Senate, January 24, 1843—On the Oregon bill.
Mr. WOODBURY asked if no legislation had
taken place as to the Territory of Iowa or Florida,
whether a bill like this, in respect to them, could be
deemed objectionable? When our citizens had
been plundered and murdered in numerous in-
stances in a part of the country claimed to be our
own, should we—would we—not protect them'? All
the bill proposed was, to do this; and he believed
the Territory of Oregon to be ours, as incontestably
as that of Florida or Iowa. This bill merely inter-
posed the shield of American legislation over
Americans there, authorized forts for their safety,
and held out promises of land to insure settler's,
and supplies to our own forts and vessels. But
there were objections to such a measure. If legiti-
mate, they must arise from some doubts connected
with our right to the territory, or with the expe-
diency of legislation in this manner, and at the
present moment.
It will simplify the inquiry to see if Iherc be
any ju\t ground for such doubts. He could not
concede that there were.
First, as to the right. Every Senator who has
spoken on this question has either attempted to
prove, or has conceded, our right to the soil and
sovereignly of the Territory of Oregon, independ-
ent of the treaties with England in 1818 and 1S27.
Who will now, in this chamber, deny or question
that right? After the discovery by Captan Gray
in 1788-9; after the cession to us ofjjouisiana in
1803; after the explorations by Lewis and Clarke
in 1805; after the occupation up to the war of 1812,
and the restoration of the fort at the mouth of the
Columbia in 1818 to this country; alter the grant to
us by Spain, in 1819, of all her claims north of the
42d degree ol latitude; after the relinquishment to
us, by Russia, of all clamuouth of the 54th degree,—I
ask if any one here is prepared to doubt our right?
I speak in an American Congress, and to Ameri-
can citizens; and do not propose to detain the Sen-
ate by going into this branch of the question, as re-
gards the old claims of either England or the rest
of the world. She herself may feet some confi-
dence in them; but she has admitted that, while
she claims some rights there independent of, and
prior to the treaties of 1818 and 1827, yet that they
are subject to negotiation; and are to be exercised
subordinate to our possession, as well as our
claims.
Hence in 1818 (Feb. 14th) Mr. Rush says. (4tli
vol. Gales and Seaton's State Papers, p. 853:) "It is
proper, at this stage, to say that Lord Costlereagh
admitted, in the most ample extent, our right to be
reinstated, and to be the party in possession, while
treating of the title."
It is, then, manifest that, our rights being clear
to ourselves, and our possession being admitted to
be proper by England during any negotiation as to
their title, independent of the treaties before named,
we can properly pass this bill, and fully occupy the
territory, unless this would conflict with those trea-
ties. If it would, fi r be H from mc to urge the pas-
sage of the bill. I would respect the faith of trea-
ties as strongly as any one. How stands the ease,
then, under them? for no claims beyond those
treaties exist in any other nation or power, which
England can set up against this measure. So says
Lyman, (Diplomatic Cor. p. 99.) So says Baylies,
m his repoit to the House of Representatives in
May, 1820. Nor do I acknowledge her guardian-
ship over other nations to enforce their claims, if
they possessed any. We have had quite too much
of her professed championship for the rest of the
world; and especially in respect to our keeping a
squadron on the coast of Africa.
When we attempted to negotiate a treaty of com-
merce with the King of Siam, her agents on the [
opposite side of the globe interposed there to thwart
us. Again at Muscat they intermeddled, and
failed.
When Mr. Monroe, in 1823, made his noble
declaration against any new colonization by Euro-
peans on this continent, again she interfered with
that. If we shall hereafter attempt to hunt the
seal, or chase whales on (he coasts of the Antarctic
continent, discovered by our enterprising vessels, I
suppose we are again to be meddled with there. So
be it; and so be i's natural consequences in due
time. But though m 1818 Russia and Spain may
have had some claim to parts ot the Territory o'f
Oiegon, they have both been since extinguished;
and all those of France disappeared long ago, with
the cession to us of Louisiana.
Whose claims, then, but her own, does the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] seem to ap-
prehend she can interpose? No European power
can have any; and if the sovereigns of any of the
South Sea islands, or the Emperor of Japan, have
any, whose canoes or junks were ever blown on
the Northwest coast, I believe they have not yet
been hunted up by any of the indelatigable agents
of British domination.
Do I make these remarks in derogation of her
right to take care of her own interests, and, at
proper times and places, lo enforce her own claims?
On Ihe contrary, I respect her the more for stand-
ing by what belongs to herself; but abhor her of-
liciousness in behalf of others, and the arrogant
assumption, at times, (by herself, or others for her,)
that she must dictate to the whole circle of civ-
ilized mankind.
Let us scrutinize, then, the origin and object of
the treaties of 1818 and 1827, iti order to see
whether the present bill militates against the pro-
visions of either of them. If it does not, even
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
avows a willingness to support it.
Those treaties, it will be seen, originated in
measures to adjust ihe commercial relations be-
tween England and the United States. The first
one (of which the other is but a prolongation)
took place, not at the peace—settling boundaries,
extent of territories, jurisdiction, title to soil, pow-
ers of government, and all that;—but it was en-
tered mto some years after; and as a second commer-
cial convention with England since the peace. The
other(in July 1815) related to the rights of trade in
settled parts of the two countries—and this, chiefly
to the rights of fishing, hunting, and trading, in some
unsettled parts of both countries: for one clause
of it gives us access to acknowledged portions of
her seaboard at the northeast, to dry fish, until the
countiy is sealed; while another—and that, the
clause under consideration—secures to each, fiee
and open access to the Territory of Oregon for ten
years, evidently for objects of trade, the fisheries,
and the chase.
These are the main objects of the conven-
tions, though some matteis not technically com-
mercial may be provided lor in parts of them.
That this article now in question is a com-
mercial one, is to be inferred from the par-
ticular language, no less than the occasion and
general object of the tieaty. The language is,
nol that the countiy west of the Rocky Moun-
tains shall belong, m its soil and sovereignty, to
both parties, or he governed jointly by them; but
that "the same be tree and open, for the term of
ten years," "to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of
the two potters." The natural import of this is,
that neither party shall be excluded by the other
from fishing, hunting, and trading there, during
that period; but the same shall remain free and
open to each, tor such objects.
So tar from this having been intended to sus-
pend or foilyd any rights of soil, or government,
which either paity might claim, or choose to ex-
ercise, it proceeded expressly to provide "that this
figrcehirnt it not in be eomh wd to the prejudice of
any claim, which cither of the two contracting par-
lies may hare to any pail of the said covntiy."
If the treaty meant merely to stipulate that the
commerce m and over the country should be free
and open—leaving the title to it, and the sov-
ereignty over it, and its government, in the mean
time, as it was, or might, be by virtue of other
rights—then it is a natural arrangement, and not
a noyel one. Thus—to lake a common case, for
illustration—had we, by the other commer.eial
treaty j as to the settled portions -of the two coun-
tries, made New York a free port, and open to
English subjects,—is there any pretence that the
