94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
Jan. 1843.
27th Cohg «--Sd Skss.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. M.-. Brown.
H. of Reps.
law has ever been more misrepresented or misun-
derstood than the bankrupt law passed at the extra
session. Provisions not contained in the law have
been ascribed to it; while those it does contain have
been, so perverted and misrepresented as to make a
false and delusive impression on the public mind.
Iri its enactments, in its general provisions, and in
its details, in its spirit and meaning, in its tenden-
cies, and in its practical influences upon the morals
and general welfare of society, it has everywhere
been misrepresented, and almost everywhere mis-
understood. Its plain provisions, calculated and
designed to protect the rights and advance the best
interests of both debtor and creditor, saving the
former from oppression and the latter from fraud,
have been represented as adverse to all the best in-
terests of the community. A thousand popular
prejudices have been most unjustly waked up, hav-
ing no just foundation in the provisions of the law
itself, but springing from a desire of politicians to
operate on pending popular elections. This ts to
be regretted—deeply regretted—as calculated to
mislead the popular inind, and prevent a fair and
calm decision of the people.
Before the late presidential election, both politi-
cal parties professed themselves in favor of a bank-
rupt law, and stood committed before the country
for its passage. The proof of this'' is clear and
positive, and is to be found in the recorded votes,
the debates, and general history of the times. Gen-
eral Harrison and Mr. Van .Buren, the candidates
of the respective parties tor the Presidency, while
in the Senate of the United States, had declared,
by their votes and speeches, that they were in favor
of the passage of a bankrupt law, with only ihis
difference: Mr. Van Buren thought it should em-
brace merchants and traders only; while General
Harrison contended that it ought equally and with-
out distinction, to extend its bcnefils to all classes of
society. Which of these plans is preferable, is not
my purpose now to examine; certainly, however,
it may be safely assumed that the plan advocated by
General Harrison was then, and is now, most con-
formable to popular sentiment. It is my sole pur-
pose, at present, to show that both General Harri-
son and Mr. Van Buren were the open and avowed
advocates of a bankrupt law. Mr. Van Buren
was a member of the committee that reported the
bill of 1826; and', in his remarks in the Senate on
that bill, avowed himself strongly in favor of a
bankrupt law, and declared he was in its favor, (to
use his own language,) "not only because he was
satisfied that a great proportion of his immediate
constituents desired it, but because he believed theii
claim upon Congress, for the exercise of its con-
stitutional powers in this respect, could be sustained
on the ground of policy as well as justice." Mr.
Van Buren, on the first vote taken, voted against
the bill—not on account ol' the general principle,
but on account of a feature contained in it which
heobjeeted to; but, on the other friends of the bill
agreeing to remove this objection, he voted lor the
recousideration, and he and General Harrison, side
by side, voted for the bill on the question of en-
grossment for its final pa;sage.
Mr. Tyler and Col. R. M. Johnson, the candi
dates for the Vice Presidency, were also in favor
of a bankrupt law, and have since reiterated their
opinions—the former in a message to Congress,
the latter in a published letter. With these can-
didates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency,
all avowedly and openly in 1'avor of the passage of
a bankrupt law, did the respective political parties
enter the contest which resulted in tlje Whig vic-
tory of 18-10. If the question was not fully dis-
cussed before the people, it was because, both par-
ties being jii favor of the measure, it was not made
a matter of controversy. Politicians, then, of all
parties,. saw wisdom, beauty, good policy, and hu-
manity, in a bankrupt law. It was inscribed on
every banner; and theunl'oitunate, and the friends
of the unfortunate, (who were, and I hope now are,
far more numerous than the uiifoitunate them-
selves,) were told that, no difference where victory
might perch, the passage of this measure, at least,
was safe.
But the proof that both parties in that contest
were for a bankrupt law, and stood pledged for its
passage, does not slop here. There is still behind
clcarer and more unanswerable evidence, not only
that both parties were the avowed advocates of the
measure, but showing, also, what were the princi-
ples and proposed provisions of that measure. For
this I refer to the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix of 1840. Two bills, each providing for a uni-
form system of bankruptcy, were reported to the
Senate, emanating from the two political parties.
Mr. Benton, speaking of these two bills, (see Ap-
pendix to Congressional Globe, page 502,) said:
"Three members of the Judiciary Committee
have reported one bill; two members have reported
another; and these two bills emanate from the two
political parties which, under whatsoever names,
have existed in this country for fifty years."
These two bills were reported, one by Mr. Clay-
ton, (Whig,) the other by Mr. Wall, a leader of
the Van Buren party. After giving his objections
to Mr. Clayton's bill—objecting to it on the ground
that it was, as he alleged, partial and unequal,
not extending its benefits alike to all, and limited
to two vears' duration—Mr. Benton then turned
to Mr. Wall's bill, and said:
"The other (that is, Mr. Wall's bill) is a gen-
eral bill, looking to the rights of creditors as well
as to the relief of debtors—intended for the future
as well as for the present and past—applicable to
corporations as well as to persons—embracing the
compulsory as well as the voluntary feature—and
making provision for those who are not, as well
as those who are, technically merchants and tra-
ders."
Another prominent objection urged by Mr. Ben-
ton against Mr. Clayton's Whig bill, and reason
why he preferred Mr. Wall's Democratic bill, may
be .seen by the following extract of his speech:
"There is to be (said Mr. Benton, referring to his
objections to Mr. Clayton's bill) a line of division
between the debtors—a horizontal line; those above
the line arc to have relief—those below it are de-
nied it. This results from the amount which the
debtor must owe m order to entitle himself to the
benefits of its provisions. The bill provides for
an amount, and leaves the sum in blank. Will the
reporter of the bill, said Mr. B., (addressing him-
self to Mr. Clayton of Delaware,) name the amount
which it is proposed to insert"!
"Mr. Clayton said he had not been instructed to
move a particular sum, but five hundred dollars
had been mentioned in the committee.
"Mr. B. continued. Five hundred dollars. That
was the sum mentioned in the committee, and no
other sum is mentioned here. Five hundred dol-
lars must be considered, then, as the amount neces-
sary to be owed, to entitle a person to the relief of
this act. Now, this is arbitrary and unequal; it
cuts off the small dealers, the persons of little prop-
erty, the laborers; it cuts them off from the benefit
of the act, and operates as an encouragement to
people to go largely in debt, as the large debtors are
to be relieved, and the small ones not. It makes
the act exclusively for large dealers; and this, con-
trary to the principle of equality which is profess-
ed in the bill, and without any foundation in reason
and i ustice. The weight of debt is relative, not
absolute. It depends on the amount of the debtor's
property, and not upon the amount of the debt. To
one man, a debt of one hundred dollars is as much
as a hundred thousand or a million is to another.
To one man five hundred dollars is as much as
five hundred thousand is to another; and, beyond
question, the most numerous class of debtors in the
United States are those who owe less than the min-
imum proposed in this bill. But these small debt-
ors, numerous as they are, are disregarded and
overlooked by the bill. They are to work out their
debts m sorrow and in misery, carrying their end-
less load to the grave; while the dashers, the large
debtors, clear out theirs by a declaration and sur-
render."
Again. Mr. Benton said, speaking with refer-
ence to the coming presidential election:
"I do not think the present session the propitious
one for beneficial action on this subject. Five hun-
dred thousand voteis, demanding the passage of a
law on the eve of an election, must have an influ-
ence on the hopes and fears of the lawgiver, as
well as on his judgment and conscience. Since
they have waited so long, X should have preferred
a delay of a few months more. Still, the subject
is before us, and we are here; and I am willing to
act, and to do what 1 believe to be my duty. I am
ready to assist in framiflg an act which shall be
general in its provisions, and just in its application;
which shall do justice to the creditor as well as the
debtor; which shall apply to tiading and money-
dealing corporations as well as to trading and mo-
ney-dealing individuals; which shall be compulsory
with regard to traders and dealers, whether natural
or artificial; which shall be optional with respect
to other classes of the community, and which shall
distinguish between misfortune and misconduct."
Again, in another place, he adds: "The bill of
the minority (Mr. Wall's bill) furnishes the true
basis for the enactment of a bankrupt system."
Now, Mr. Speaker, here is the direct testimony of
Mr. Benton on two points: First, that Mr. Wall's
bill originated with, and emanated from, the Van
Buren party, to which he and Mr. Wall belonged;
and, second, that it furnished the true basis for the
enactment of a bankrupt system. He says:
"These two bills emanate front the two political
parties, which, under whatsoever names, have ex-
isted in this country for fifty years." He also says
that Mr. Wall's bill, emanating from, and put forth
to the country by the Van Buren party, furnished
"the true basis for the enactment of a bankrupt sys-
tem."
Now, sir, it is material, in tracing the standing
of parties on this question, to know what were the
Democratic features of this Democratic bill report-
edby Mr. Wall, andheldiorth to the anxious hopes
of a suffering country by (the Van Buren party,
during the pendency of the presidential election:
What were its features? Did it embrace the past
as well as the future"! Did it discharge contracts
made before the passage of the law"? Did it, in a
word, contain any or all the provisions that have
been urged as objections to the law of the extra
session"? The original bill is now before me. Its
provisions may be seen, and I invite investigation.
It was reported in April preceding the presidential
election, by Mr. Wall, as the organ of the minority
of the Committee on the Judiciary, and is Senate
bill No. 324. What does Mr. Wall himself say of
this bill, which, according to the then opinions of
that party, was the true basis for the ena'ctment of
a bankrupt law"! Mr. Wall says: (Appendix Globe,
402:)
"It is intended to act both retrospectively and
prospectively. It looks upon the past, not to con-
demn, but to relieve. The whole land is strewed
with the wrecks of bankruptcy, and we cannot look
in any direction without perceiving the jetsam et
flotsam of trade cast upon the,' shores. All must
admit the fact, however much they may disagree
as to the causes, that the state of things has result-
ed from the contractions and expansions of the cur-
rency; and that the fluctuations growing out of it
have impaired all business depending on prices,
the hazards and vicissitudes incident to commerce
and trade. The best energies of the country have
been paralyzed; the brightest visions of gain have
disappeared; and the wisest and most prudent
schemes, uniting public improvement withjndi-
vidual interest, have perished, as if by magic, m
the universal revulsion that has desolated the coun-
try. This bill proposes to cast the mantle of ob-
livion over the past conduct of the debtor, over his
acts which may have been compelled, or the pref-
erences which may have been extorted, in his vain
struggles to prolong his existence in the marts of
trade. All that it demands from the debtor who
seeks its benefits, is, that he should honestly surren-
der what is left, however small, for thegeneral ben-
efit of his creditors."
Now, Mr. Speaker, with the lights thrown upon
this subject by Mr. Benton and Mr. Wall, and with
the bill itself before us, let us compare its features
with the one passed at the extra session, against
which so much prejudice has been excited; and, to
effect this the more clearly, let us trace the leading
objections raised to the bill passed at the extra ses-
sion, and which have been seized upon to render it
unpopular.
The first and chief objection to that law has been
its retrospective operation—that is, its operation on
contracts entered into prior to the passage of the
law. Did Mr. Wall's bill contain this feature^
Mr. Benton and Mr. Wall settle this in the affirma-
tive. Mr. Benton says "it was intended for the fu-
ture, as well as the present and past." Mr. Wall
says "it was intended to act both retrospectively
and prospectively;" that it looked to "the past, not
to condemn, but to relieve;" that it proposed "to
cast the mantle of oblivion over the past conduct of
the debtor;" and that all it demanded from the debtor
was, "that he should honestly surrender what is
left, however small, for the general benefit of his
creditors."
It is certain, therefore, that this plan of a bank-
rupt law, emanating from the Van Buren party,
and promised to a suffering country, in the event of
the continuance of that party in power, did embrace
