Jan.! 84 3.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9Sr
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. M. Brown.
H. of Reps.
past transactions; it was designed to wipe out debts
contracted before the passage of the law.
It is true that Mr. Benton was a little afraid that
so many voters, who were unfortunately ruined,
and now de'mahding relief, might, on the eve of an
eleetion, have an undue influence on the "hopes
and fears," as well as the "judgment and con-
science" of the lawgiver; and he preferred, that as
they had waited so long, and suffered so long, they
would wait on, and suffer on, until after they had
given their votes at the then approaching presiden-
tial election. But after they had given their votes,
and the election was over, and the danger of the
"judgment and conscience" of the lawgiver being
improperly influenced by the "hopes and fears"
growing out of that election had passed, then these
unfortunate men were to have relief. Yes, relief!
And that, too, at the hands of the Van Buren
party. Not relief from debts that might be con-
tracted after the passage of the law; not from fu-
ture debts—for in this, these unfortunate men had no
more concern than others; but from present and
past contracts—from debts contracted before the
passage of the law. And this promise to the unfor-
tunate was not allowed to hang on general and
vague declarations-; but the bill itself, Democratic
in all its features, and emanating from the hands
of the Van Buren party, was held up to the hope of
those whose fortunes had been wasted by the sad
reverses' of the times, and who had nothing left
but their good names, and their votes and in-
fluence at the ballot-box. Mr. Benton even then
declared his readiness to act, and to act promptly;
and others declared the same; but it so happened
that nothing was done. The subject was left
open, both parties professing to be for the measure,
and standing pledged for its passage. Did we thpn
hear of the demoralizing consequences of a bank-
rupt law1? Did we then hear anything of this effort
now making all over the country to degrade and
dishonor those who ask relief? Nothing of all this
was heard, It was then regarded by all as right,
virtuous, and honorable, for the unfortunate to ask
relief; and a constitutional, virtuous, and patriotic
duty in Congress to grant it. Seeing this, Mr.
Webster rose and congratulated the Senate and the
country that this subject "did not connect itself with
any of the party contests of the day;" and spoke of
it "as a green spot in the midst of the fiery deserts
of party strife."
This, sir, is the manner in which (his subject
was treated by all parties before the presidential
election.
And here let me pause, and ask a question obvi-
ously suggested by these facts. I invite a response
from the candid and honest of ali parties. Seeing
that both parties, during the presidential canvass,
had promised relief to the unfortunate, and given
assurances of the passage of a bankrupt law; see-
ing that all the candidates for the Presidency and
Vice Presidency had inscribed this promise on
their banners, and none objected to it; seeing that
two plans, emanating from the two political par-
ties, both retrospective in their operation, had been
held out as rivals for popular favor,—was not the
extra session of Congress bound to conclude that
these facts had given undoubted evidence of public
opinion on the subject"? Add to this, that a flood of
petitions rolled in lrom every quarter of the Union,
signed by men of all parlies—by those who were
insolvent and by those who were rich—and pre-
sented here on this floor by members of all parties,
with scarcely a petition or other evidence of popu-
lar opinion on the other side—was it not reasonable
to arrive at the conclusion, that the public judg-
ment was in favor of a bankrupt law? Sir, this
was the impression made on my mind, and 1 doubt
not was made on a majority of the House at the
time. Sir, it cannot be concealed that the reason
why many, very many, of the opposition on this
floor voted against the law, was not because of
their convictions against it; but because of a deter-
mination, founded in party policy, to throw the
responsibility of all measures on the Whigs. But
to return.
Another objection to the law of the extra session
is, that it embraces not only the compulsory, but the
vohmtary feature also. Mr. Wall's bill did the
same; for which we also have the direct testimony
of Mr. Benton. He says it embraced "the compul-
sory as well as the voluntary feature."
Another objection to the law of the extra session
is, that it includes those who are not, as well as
those who are, nierchants and traders. Mr. Wall's
isifl -did the same, • It included all classes—none
were left out of its provisions. Mr. Benton said
it made provisions "for those who are not, as
well as those who are, technically merchants and
traders."
Another objection to the bill of the extra session
is, that it extends down to sums too small Mr.
Wall's bill extended to all sums, and Mr. Benton
lauded this as a most Democratic feature; it was,
indeed and emphatically, the poor man's bankrupt
law—not for your large debtors and "dashers"
merely, but for small debtors also. Yes, sir; and I
venture to say, that if the law of the extra session
had failed to include small debtors, and had been
confined to large ones, it would have been pro-
nounced a most odious discrimination, designed to
favor large and reckless speculators.
Another objection to the law of the extra session
is, that it discharges the debtor without the conscnt
of the creditor. Mr. Wall's bill did the same. The
debtor's discharge depended not on the consent ol a
part or of all his creditors, but on the decision of a
court and jury.
Again: it has been objected that the provision
under this law of the extra session, allowing the
bankrupt an amount, at the discretion of the court,
not in any case to exceed $300, was too liberal.
Mr. Wall's bill went much beyond this. It allow-
ed the bankrupt his clothes, &c., his tools of trade,
household and kitchen furniture, two cows, &c.,
and also all that was allowed by the insolvent laws
of the respective States. Not only this; but he was
to be allowed one dollar a day for attendance before
the court, and also not exceeding three dollars per
week for each member of his family, for their sup-
port for a lime not exceeding two months. And if,
on final discharge of an appeal, the bankrupt's es-
tate paid fifty cents in the dollar, he was to be al-
lowed five per cent, of his estate, provided the per
cent, did not amount to over $500. M). Wall's
bill was, therefore, far the most liberal in its allow-
ance. It the bill of the extra session in this respect
was wrong, Mr. Wall's bill was still worse.
Another objection urged to the law of the exlra
session is, that it discharges the obligation existing
between security ami principal. Mr. Wall's bill
did the same. Besides, this law is fai bettei guard-
ed against fiaud, than that proposed by Mr. Wall
and his political friends. This law excepts out of
iLs benefits defaulters to the Government—that did
not. This law excepts out of its benefits delinquent
executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, &c.—
that did not.
I might trace the parallel between these two bills
further; but it is useless. My purpose has been to
show—what is the iact—that every feature in the law
of the extra session which has been deemed excep-
tionable, and has been seized upon and perverted
for the purpose of making it unpopular, for politi-
cal effect, is to be fouud in the bill reported by Mr.
Wall, and held forth by the Van Buren party, be-
fore the late presidential election, as the bow of
promise to a country deluged by revolutions and
disasters. I might do more. 1 could, by pursuing
the parallel between these bills, show that, while
that of the extra session conlains no feature deemed
objectionable which is not to be found in that of
Mr. Wall, it is far better guarded against iiauds.
But this I leave for those who may be curious to
pursue the subject; repeating, however, that I invite
investigation.
The chief, if not the only, distinction in princi-
ple, between these bills, is, that Mr. Wail's included
banks and other corporations; and that of the extra
session does not. But all will agree, that the law
of the extra session, if unpopular, does not owe its
unpopularity to this. Besides, it will be seen that
the provision m Mr. Wall's bill on this subject
would have been entirely inoperative. It provided
that any State might release its banks and other
corporations from the operations of the law. This
rendered its provisions unequal and not uniform,
and therefore unconstitutional. It made it inope-
rative and useless, because the States would gen-
erally, if not always, grant the exemption, and ren-
der the law of Congress powerless.
Having tried to explain, with as much clearness
and fairness as I could, the standing of all parties
on this question, and shown that all, in some foim
or other, have declared m favor of a uniform sys-
tem of bankiuptcy, I tome to the direct question—
ought this law now to be repealed?
The power to pass the law is engrafted into
the Constitution, and comes to us by the sanc-
tion of the wisdom of our fathers. This power
was conferred on the Federal Government bv a
vote of all the States but one. The opinions,
of Washington, of Madison, of Marshall, and a
host of others, constituting a large majority of
our greatest and best men, living and dead, stand
recorded in favor of the wisdom and policy of a
bankrupt law. We have the example, in some form
or other, of every commercial nation on earth.
Should we not, then pause before we hastily, and
under an excitement raised by misrepresentations
and misunderstandings of its spirit and object, erase
this law from the statute-book, leaving behind it
prejudices deep and lasting against all laws on the
subject, that will, perhaps," in all future time, cause
this wise provision of the Constitution to remain a
dead letter? If the law is defective, ought we not
to amend, rather than destroy it?
The leading, if not the only popular, objections
to this law, have been drawn from its retrospective
action—its operation on past contracts. Nearly all
have declared in favor of a law to operate on future
contracts. This bill for repeal, in the form it is
likely to pass, retains the retrospective, and only
repeals the prospective feature—that is, it retains the
part supposed to be unpopular, and repeals that
which is a favorite with all!
The first operation of the law is its retrospective
feature, which is favorable to debtors: its second
operation is its prospective feature, which is favor-
able to creditors. Why allow it to operate in part,
and then repeal it? The law was designed as a
system looking to the future, as well as the present
and the past—looking to the rights of creditors, as
well as debtors. Why allow it to operate in favor
of one class, and then, by repeal, prevent its opera-
tion in favor of the other? 1 his law, by this repeal
bill, is in danger of mutilation—in danger of being
rendered useless, if not injurious, by cutting asun-
der parts essential to the value and vitality of each
other.
It is not designed to repeal the bankrupt law as a
whole, but to repeal one-hall of it only; and the part
proposed to be repealed is that which is objected to
by no one. This is a strange state of the question.
An excitement has'been gotten up, and, for political
effect, this law has been misrepresented, and dis-
toited, and denounced, all over the country, as par-
tial in its operation, and discharging debtors with-
out any corresponding benefit to creditors. Cred-
itors, looking only at the first operations of the law,
have been induced erroneously to suppose ir
rious to their interests; and now, before that part
which is unquestionably beneficial to them can
be brought fairly into exercise, and fully understood
by the country, it is to be repealed, and the law is
to be prevented from vindicating its own wisdom by
lime and experience.
Sir, in these times, so sadly out of joint, when a
temporary triumph in a popular election is more
looked to than the permanent good of the country,
and when patriotism in the breasts of many is ex-
tinguished by motives of party and personal eleva-
tion, it is not remarkable that this law should have
been misrepresented. Though blessed with but
little foresight, I foresaw and foretold this in the
remarks 1 made on the bill before its passage at the
extra session. I hope 1 shall be pardoned for read-
ing irom my printed speech what I then said. After
giving my general views on the subject, I said:
"1 know that it takes time to develop the opera-
tion of any system. The people have to learn and
become accustomed to it, in order properly to appre-
ciate its value. I know this system will go out like
a stranger, who must not expect to gain full confi-
dence before he has formed his acquaintance in the
community. I know, sir, that a thousand preju-
dices will be raised against it. But if the people
will sustain it until it has passed its day of trial, as
I believe they will, the consequences will be happy
and glorious. The silent but potent influence of
this system in regulating society, and in improving
the morals of the country, may not at once be seen;
but in the end it w'll be developed, and its power-
ful influence will be universally acknowledged.
"Every important change in our social condition
must meet with opposition. It breaks in on pre-
viously-formed opinions and long-established habits
of thinking, and must therefore be for a while
viewed with clistiust, and regarded by some as a
troublesome intruder. It is this that gives me the
only uneasiness I feel about this measure, in the
event of its passage."
Sir, after listening, with the most anxious desire
for the truth, to all that has been said against this
law, 1 have an unchanged opinion, that, if sustained
by the people, and allowed to remain unrepealed
