Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
27TH CON0" .3D SF.SS.
The Exchequer—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
which I shall give; andsuch, I have no doubt, will be
the meaning of the vote of the House, nearly unani-
mous as it will be. This done, I hope the House
will proceed promptly to consider the subject in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, taking
up for that purpose the bill introduced by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushxsg,] not certain-
ly with any idea that the House would even entertain
that particular bill, except as affording a convenient
mode of coming to the consideration of some one or
other of the plans which have already been submit-
ted and proposed as substitutes for it. The plan
thus submitted by myself a few days ago, I shall feel
it to be my duty to urge upon the notice of the
House; and, for this purpose, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not move to go into committee
on the subject, I shall, and that at the earliest prac-
ticable moment.
This Congress has twice presented to the Presi-
denta measure of their own, on the subject of finance
and currency; and twice has the President rejected
their measure. The President, in turn, has present-
ed to us his plan; it received the silent veto of Con-
gress at the last session, and now we propose to give
it our true constitutional veto. x\nd one ad;antage,
at least, will follow from this proceeding; and that is,
that the President and his friends in this House will
learn by it, (what they do not seem to have yet
dreamed of,) that if the President is a "fixed constitu-
tional fact," as the gentleman from Massachusetts
has said, Congress is a "fixed constitutional fact"
also. This much being done on the one side and
on the other, the decks will then be clear; and we
can all look about us, to see how we shall steer and
sail the ship for the residue of this present voyage.
We know—every intelligent man knows—that noth-
ing can be done between Congress and the President
on the gpneral subject before us, upon the basis either
of our plan, which is a bank, or of his plan, which is
a board of exchequer. The sooner, therefore, we
get clear of both, for the present Presidential term,
the better. We may then proceed to consider some
plan different from either, to serve our common ob-
jects for the time being, if one has been, or shall,
or can be offered worthy of our consideration;
and adopt or reject it, as it may seem to deserve. It
will be the object and tendency, I hope, of the obser-
vations I now propose to submit on the exchequer
scheme, to prepare the way for a favorable considera-
tion by the House, of a plan for relieving the treasu-
ry, and at the same time supplying to the country a
national currency, to which I have already referred,
and which has lately been laid on the tables of
members at my instance. The first step is to dis
pose effectually of the exchequer; and I proceed to
submit some obsen ations upon it.
When wc had a bank of the United States in ex-
istence and operation, it was found to perform cer-
tain important functions for the Government and
the country. It was a capital fiscal agent for the
Government. It. was a safe and convenient deposi-
tory for the public moneys; it kept them, transferred
them from point to point as required, and disbursed
them as directed. It was our commissioner of loans,
and our pension agent. And then, in the course
of its own appropriate business as a corporation
dealing in money for profit, it furnished the country
with a sound and uniform national currency, and
with Cheap exchanges; checking, at the same time, by
an easy and natural operation, the State banks,
and keeping them in a healthy condition and move-
ment. We (the majority in this Congress) thought
that another bank of the United States, better guard-
ed than the last, and rendered perfectly safe, might
have been established, with all the advantages which
the country had experienced from the last. The
"fixed constitutional fact" of the President's con-
science stood in the way; and we have been obliged to
yield. What, then, was to be done? The employment
of State banks as fiscal agents, and as the means of
supplying national currency and exchanges, in the
manner once adopted and tried by General Jackson,
had been discarded and abandoned; and Mr. Tyler had
110 idea that there was any other mode, or teims, in
which they could be advantageously employed. But
he was of opinion, after discarding both a bank of the
United States and the State banks, that there was
still another kind of agency by which all the bene-
fits and services of a bank of the United States
could be attained; free, at the same time, from all
constitutional and other difficulties and objections.
And he undertook to devise such an agency. It
was not to be a corporation—least of all a bank; yet
it was to be an agency, with some sort of independ-
ent existence; it was not, at any rate, to be the
Government itself, but a creature of the Government,
made to serve the Government and the country just
as a corporation or bank would.
Well, sir, the President has offered us what he
calls a board of exchequer, with its agencies; and it is
just what every man of sagacity knew, beforehand, it
must be. It is no independent agency at all, though
carefully named and described as if it was. It is
simply a plan by which the Executive Government
itself undertakes to perform all the functions of a
bank of the United States. The Executive Gov-
ernment is to keep, transfer, and disburse the pub-
lic revenues, to receive the money of individuals on
deposite, to supply paper foV currency and commer-
cial exchanges, and to regulate the State bank
currency.
For, what is this board of exchequer and agencies?
Why, an Executive department, or a bureau or branch
of an Executive department, composed of, and con-
ducted by, officers of Executive appointment, accord-
ing to the constitutional mode of appointment. It
is to be established "in the Treasury Department."
It may be considered a part of that department, or
independent of it: this is immaterial. It is either a
new Executive department, or it is a branch of a
department already existing; and it is, in its rela-
tions to the Government, just what the Post Office
is, or the General Land Office, or the War or Navy
Department. And, considering some of the functions
which it is to perform, it certainly offers to our con-
sideration something quite new, not only in this
Government, but in any other that I have ever heard
of. I have before heard of Governments dealing
with individuals, in money and other things, on
Government account; but this is the first time, 1
think, it was ever proposed that a Government
should formally enter into the business of dealing
with individuals, in money and commercial exchan-
ges, on individual account; only for the convenience
and benefit of individuals in the trailing an<l com-
mercial community, and for a piofit to the Govern-
ment! I shall have occasion to advert again, before
I conclude, to the question of the competency of
this Government to enter upon any such enterprise.
In the mean time, I wish the House to understand
precisely what this board of exchequer and agencies
is, and what it is to do.
The board of exchequer, with its agencies, then,
is an executive department of this Government;
and it is contrived to act in two very distinct ca-
pacities, which it is important to note.
In one capacity, it is an executive ireasiiri/ with
sub-treasuries- This is for the transaction of Gov-
ernment business—of business on Government ac-
count.
In the other capacity, it is an executive commer-
cial bank oj deposite anil exchange. And this is
for the transaction of business wholly and exclu-
sively on individual account, and for the accommo-
dation of the trading public,
Let us pass by the bank for a few moments, while
wc look at this executive tieasury—for an executive
treasury is a very different thing from that "treasury
of the United States" which was established under
the law of 1789. Under that law, a treasurer was
charged with the duty of providing for the safekeep-
ing of the public money—not with the keeping of
the money in his own personal custody. Such a
construction of his duty was never dreamed of in
the pure days of the Republic, and no corrupt prac-
tice of that sort was ever attempted. But this i&
the piecise object of this executive treasury scheme.
Executive officers—officers appointed by the Exec-
utive, and indebted to him for their places—are to
be the personal holders of the public treasure. In-
stead of one treasurer keeping the public funds, by
a safe system of deposite in banks, there is to be a
legion of treasurers, with commissions from the Ex-
ecutive, holding the money in their own hands.
And this is the main purpose of the exchequer, so far
as it is designed for the transaction of business oa
Government account.
Let us look a little at the history of this questiott
of the mode of keeping the public money.
In the first session of the first Congress tinder tho
Constitution, (1789,) the Treasurer of the United
States was charged with keeping the public moneys,
under the general superintendence of the Secretary
of the Treasury, as the head of that department.
How or where the money should be kept, was not
then prescribed by law; nor afterwards, till 1816.
The Treasurer was left to choose his own mode of
keeping it, on his own responsibility, subject only to
such control of the Secretary as was due to his
office, to which belonged the general administration
of the finances.
The Treasurer at once adopted the mode of keeping
all moneys in State banks, of which some three or
four were then in existence. Neither l\,e, nor any-
body else, at that day, dreamed of any other way;
it was a matter of course, and must have been so
understood when the law was passed.
In the next session of the same Congress, the
first Bank of the United States was established, and
that bank and its offices were immediately em-
ployed as depositories, though not to the entire ex-
clusion of State banks. The Treasurer was not re-
quired by law thus to employ this bank; it was a
matter of course that he should do so.
In 1794, a committee was appointed by the House
of Representatives to examine into the condition of
the treasury, and the mode of keeping the public
moneys adopted by the Treasurer. The committee,
by Mr. Baldwin, its chairman, made an elaborate
report, showing that the whole subject, in all it 
bearings and aspects, had been thoroughly inves-
tigated; setting forth, in minute detail, the whole
plan of keeping and managing the public revenues,
and fully approving of it. I will read a briof extract
from that report:
"The Ticasuier, pursuant to general directions from the Sec-
retin y of the Treasuiy, keeps the public moneys under his con-
tiol in the several banks. Formerly, the banks of North Amer-
ica, New York, Massachusetts, and Maryland, weie places of
deposite. At present, the public moneys are kept m the Bank
of the United Stales, and its several officeaof discount and de-
posite at Boston, New Yoik, Baltimore, and Charleston, and
in'hp 11.in I- of Providence. The Treasuier has never any
public money in his possession or custody, which is not, in
Juctt deposited m bank, from the moment his possession or
custody commences, nil it ceases, by the disbursement of it,
for public purposes; except m the rase of bank bills, orders
upon individuals, <fcc , hereiofoie enumerated, or remittances
fiom the supervisors of the revenue   ml collectors of tfre cus-
toms, to the Treasurer; and thost., aho, iriroediately after the
receipt of them, constitute deposit,- m b-ink, to the credit
of the Treasurer. The Secretary of th? Treasury, or any
other ojficei of the department besides the I'reasui er, never
has the j>o^ses^ioiior custody of any of the public money, <$"C.
And the pn^t-^ion or custody of the Treasurer is, as already
stated, exerci*td through the banks."
Sir, when the charter of the Bank of the United
States expired in 1811, the Treasurer did not changa
the mode of keeping the money, except that State-
banks were employed, as they had been befor®
that bank was created. He had now nearly on 
hundred banks to select from; and before anpther
Bank of the United States was created, he had a"bout
two hundred and fifty to select from. This em-
braced the period of the war; and during this period
all the State banks south of New England suspend-
ed specie payments. And yet all this while these
very suspended banks, in common with others, were
made the depositories of the Treasurer; for those thus
used by him were known to be just as solvent
after their suspension as before; and all this while
no new legislation took place on the subject. Con-
gress and the country well knew, and were well
satisfied to know, that he still employed banks as
depositories, as he had done from the beginning.
On the incorporation of the Bank of the Uiiited
States in 1816, it was one of the privileges con-
ferred on that institution that it should have the
public deposites; of which it could only be deprived
by an order of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
for reasons which should be promptly submitted to
Congress. This was the first act ever passed by
Congress which designated any particular place for
the public moneys; and yet it will be perceived
that the mode of keeping was still unchanged. It
was no part of the policy of this law to interfere with
the duty of the Treasurer as to the mode of keeping
