'Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
99
27m Concj. • • 3D HBSS,
The Exchequer—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
considered solely with reference to this question of
keeping the public money.
Under Mr. Van Buren's sub-treasury, his officers
were to keep only the ordinary surplus revenues of
the Government. The officers of the present sub-
treasury are to have the handling and keeping of
vastly greater sums. They begin with the surplus
revenues amounting (say) to three millions. Then
1 they are to have in possession a redemption fund in
specie of five millions, for the fifteen millions of
treasury notes issued to creditors—all which notes,
by the way, must first pass through their hands.
Here would be eight millions in hand, under the
operation of the exchequer, if confined strictly to
Government business. But then come the bank-
ing powers, under which the Government is to deal
with individuals on individual account. And here
there is to be another redemption fund of five mil-
lions of specie, for the fifteen millions of certificates
of deposite issued to private depositors. Then
there will be the habitual surplus on hand, of cash
received for exchange sold—amounting, perhaps, to
three millions;—all the money amounting to one
' hundred millions in a year, more or less, for ex-
change sold having, in the mean time, passed
fiirough the hands of the officers of the exchequer.
And, finally, there will be the amount habitually on
hand, of the proceeds of five millions of stock, issued
to supply the exchequer with capital to be employed
in the purchase of exchange; this amount may be
(say) two millions. Of course, I do not pretend to
give more than approximate sums in any of these
cases. They are near enough to show that this
treasury and sub-treasury scheme contemplates the
actual and habitual keeping, by personal manual
possession of executive officers, of an amount of
cash (principally gold and silver) not less than some
fifteen, eighteen, or twenty millions of dollars! The
improved plan of the gentleman from Massachusetts
contemplates the keeping of twenty millions of hard
cash for a redemption fund alone! And, besides
' the capital and surplus moneys habitually on hand,
these exchequer schemes enable and require these
executive officers to handle and possess, receive and
pay out, in the business of deposite and exchange
which they are to transact, it may be a hundred, it
may be a hundred and fifty millions of dollars in a
year; for every dollar of which the Government and
people are responsible, and for which they can have
no security beyond a few thousand dollars of doubt-
ful suretyship and the hone&ty of their officers!
Sir, whoever else may be in favor of such a scheme,
I am not, and never can be.
Mr. Speaker, it is a cardinal Whig doctrine, that
all unnecessary increase of the executive power of
this Government, already vast, overshadowing, and
corrupt,™I speak plainly, and mean to,—must bo
opposed. But, for myself, sir, though a Whig, I
shall never be found opposing any manifestly neces-
sary or useful measure, merely because it involves an
increase of patronage. And I am free to avow that,
were there no other difficulties in (lie way, I should
not oppose the President's exchequer, merely be-
cause it involved the necessary increase of execu-
tive officers. The Government cannot bo carried
on without administrative agents, and a great many
of them; and I would never stop one essential
wheel in its vast machinery, simply because it re-
quires an agent to watch and tend it, and the ap-
pointment of that agent is so much added to exec-
utive patronage.
But, in the present case, it is to be remarked,
that there is something more to be considered than
•barely the. number of new officers to be appointed,
.and the amount of their salaries to be paid. These
officers are to hold the most delicate and seductive
of all public trusts. They are to come into posses-
sion of large sums of money, not merely to handle
and hold, but actually to trade and traffic upon;—of
this I shall havo something more to say shortly.
•There is something in the very faet of an officer
.being known to be intrusted with the personal pos-
session of heavy sums of money by Government,
.which gives him importance, and weight, and
■.gway in the community, and over the popular
mind; even though it be well known, at the same
time, that he cannot legally use or employ a dollar
of it for his own or others' advantage. His opin-
ions on public affairs have something of the solidity
and weight, in popular estimation, of the pondrous
money bags and chests on which he sits. And be-
fore I can ever consent to authorize the creation
of a large number of executive officers of this de-
scription, I must have strong proof of the vital, the
almost indispensable, necessity of the measure which
calls for their services.
But there is another objection to this executive
treasury, on the score of political principle, of a still
higher and stronger kind; which I advert to, lest, by
omitting all allusion to it, I should be deemed to
acquiesce in the argument by which it is sought to
be obviated. By placing the public moneys in the
manual keeping of officers of executive appointment,
as proposed by this measure, I do not say there is
an actual union of the purse with the sword in ex-
ecutive hands; but I do say that that union is ap-
proximate, and that the thin legal partition which is
interposed may be very easily broken down. It is
true, according to the law, that "the President can-
not touch a dollar of the public money, by his own
authority, nor change its custody;" and that "who-
ever shall come to the exchequer for money, must
show the law of Congress under which he comes;
and no payment can be made but in compliance with
such law." All very true; and yet all this is no an-
swer to the rule, which requires that neither the ex-
ecutive nor his officers shall have the personal cus-
tody of the public money. In one important sense,
their custody is his custody; and so it has been ex-
pressly claimed to be by high political authority in
our own day. And the rule referred to is precau-
tionary; it looks ahead, to some alarming conjunc-
ture in our public affairs, when some bold, popular
chief and President, having his army in the field to
meet a threatened war, or, perhaps, at the clcac of a
contest, in which the commander-in-chief hns covered
himself and his army with glory, shall be tempted to
try his hand at the establishment of an imperial dy-
nasty in his own person and family; when he might
call on his brave soldiers, shortened in pay, per-
haps, and suffering injustice at the hands of an un-
grateful country, which they had defended and
ican army at the close of the Revolution ; when he
might call on them to follow him, their companion
in arms and commander, to conquer by their swords
that justice for themselves which was denied them
by their country. It is to a state of things liko this,
that the rule referred to looks forward, when noth-
ing shall be wanting to consummate the ambitious
designs of the bold and unprincipled leader, but the
ways and means—the money for the enterprise;
and when he might find the public moneys—all
that belonged to the public treasury, whether five or
twenty or fifty millions of good gold and silver—not
deposited in independent banks, which would refuse
to yield it up to his demand, but in the hands of his
own officers and agenls, appointed by his authori-
ty, devoted "to his interests, and ready to do his
will.
'But, Mr. Speaker, I must hasten now to say a
word or two about this exchequer board and its
agencies, considered as an executive commercial
bank of deposite and exchange. The earnestness
with which the original report, made to Congress
in behalf of the exchequer, denies and protests that
this is no Government bank—a coursc which lias
been followed with more than equal earnestness and
zeal by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Cushisg]—demonstrates plainly enough that the
friends of this measure regard a Government bank
as exceptionable and indefensible, and that they
would not dare openly to advocate before the coun-
try any such proposition. This is well, and it argues
a deference to the Constitution and to popular sen-
timent, in these quarters, which may yet prove the
salvation of the country.
Now, sir, on this important matter of fact, I take
issue with these gentlemen, one and all; and I con-
fess myself not a little astonished when I consider
what intellect and what learning have been applied
to the question, that even doubts, much more that
positive opinions, should have been expressed from
such quarters against the idea that it was any part
of this exchequer scheme to establish a Government
bank. The point is too plain for argument or opin-
ion. It is a thing palpable to every vision, standing
out in bold relief on the face of the scheme, and can-
not be taken or mistaken, either for nothing or for
anything else. It is not a bank, because it makes no
discounts! And it is not a bank, because it is not a.
joint-stock company! Well, let those who argue
thus, enjoy their opinions; thank God, there is lit-
tle danger that such opinions can be propagated.
I affirm that this scheme does propose a Govern-
ment bank, with all the elements essential to a bank.
The bank is to be conducted, too, by Government,
as a corporation, just as other corporations conduct
their banking operations—through the agency of
officers and clerks of its own appointment. It is to
deal -with individuals, on individual account, as
any other bank; and, though it may not be sued, yet
it can sue in the name of the corporation—namely,
the Government.
I put out of consideration here, the issues to credit-
ors; these are made on Government account, and
this may be a legitimate business for Government to
transact. Besides, these issues belong not to the
bank, but to the sub-treasury part of the scheme.
And this, by the way, constitutes the only essential
difference between this sub-treasury and that of Mr.
Van Buren. The latter contemplated the use of
coin only, as the sole currency to be used between
the Government and its creditors and debtors; though,
as is well known, this feature in the plan failed
utterly in practice, and bank paper and bank checks
were used instead, almost exclusively. The sub-
treasury offered to us, provides for the use of Gov-
ernment paper to be issued to creditors, and to be
receivable for all public dues.
I also put out of consideration here all dealings
in exchange on Government account. All this
belongs also to the sub-treasury part of the exche-
quer. The power to buy and sell exchange, for the
transfer of the public revenues, has been often ex-
ercised, and it was part of the authority expressly
sixex> nndcr the snh treasury of Mr. Van Buren.
All this Government   ~
as doriej'and may uo; inougn~
it is a power subject to great abuse, and liable to
strong objections.
I desire, then, that it may be distinctly understood
that I do not charge that this exchequer scheme
includes a Government bank, because the board and
its agencies are to receive depositee of public money,
or revenue; nor because it is to issue convertible
paper in payment to the public creditors; nor be-
cause it may draw drafts, or buy and sell exchanges,
for the transfer of Government funds for Gov-
ernment use. These are operations analogous to
banking operations; but it is not on account of these
operations that I find a Government bank in the
powers conferred on the board of exchequer and its
agencies. Nor, on the other hand, does the faet that
these operations have been carried on, and may be
carried on (if they may) by the Treasury Depart-
ment, tend to prove—which was the argument of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushikg,]—
that whatever other commercial operations analo-
gous to these, in mere matter of form, but totally dis-
tinct in substance, object, and character, the Govern-
ment may carry on, yet it will not conduct the proper
business of a true commercial bank. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says this cannot be a Govern-
ment bank on account of the exchequer receiving
deposites, because the treasury always receives de-
posites; nor on account ofits issuing paper for curren-
cy, because that the Treasury Department has done,
and may do; nor on account of its buying and selling
exchange, because that also has been done by the
Treasury Department when it was no bank. But
all this is arguing (if there be argument in it) with-
out advancing us one step towards a conclusion.
It is, in effect, declaring that Government may estab-
lish an agency of Government officers to conduct
all the operations of a commercial bank—not on Gov-
ernment account, but wholly on individual account,
just in the manner of any private bank or banker;
and yet that agency cannot be a Government bank,
because it is the Government, or a part of it.
But let us see what this Government machine is
