Aug. 1848?
APPENDIX TO THU CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
27tii Cons....3d Sass.
2 he British Treaty—Air, Buchanan,
Senate/
exchange, arid other transactions not on Govern-
ment account/' Arid these "dealings in exchange
and other transactions not on Government ac-
count," are as distinct from the duties required of
the exchequer "for the service of" the Government/'
as they could be if they had been assigned to a sep-
arate board—a distinct agency.
And t repeat, that the banking operations here pro-
posed seem to me to require some substantive and
direct authority in the Constitution to sanction them,
inasmuch as they do not appear to stand in any man-
ner essentially connected with the operations of
Government, under any of the substantive or granted
powers relating to the revenue or the management
of the public finances. If any gentleman on this
floor is prepared to maintain that this Government
may, by constitutional warrant, as a political corpo-
ration, through its own officers, set up a commercial
bank of deposite and exchange, with a proper bank-
ing capital, to deal and trade in money and paper,
and in commercial bills, solely on account of indi-
viduals and for the accommodation of the commer-
cial community, and without the slightest necessary
connexion with the management of the proper
funds and finances of Government,—if any gentle-
man will do this, T shall, for one, be gratified to hear
him; and T shall expect to get some new light in re-
gard to the constitutional powers of the Govern-
ment. Until I am enlightened in this way, I must
hesitate to give my sanction to the powers now pro-
posed to be exercised; and I must leave it to those
to support this proposition, from the President down—
strict constructionists—who can find no warrant
of authority whatever in the Constitution for a bank
as a fiscal agent of the Government, because such
bank, if created, must, or may be, authorized to deal
in money and exchange' On all this subject it is
enough for me to say, at present, that this is a Gov-
ernment bank—demonstrably so, and not the less
so because it is denied; and that, by the plain ad-
mission of the originators and friends of the ex-
chequer scheme, power or no power, a Government
bank ought not to exi&t in this country.
Mr. Speaker, my opinions, in part, at least, both
of this new executive treasury and sub-treasury,
and this executive bank, are, I think, by this time,
pretty well understood. The support they have
received from a particular quarter, which has com-
manded at all times, and on all great questions of
public interest, my profound respect—that support,
and nothing else, could ever, for a moment, have
made me doubtful about the true character of this
measure, or made me hesitate to express that con-
demnation of it which I have believed it merited;—
I may say, that utter abhorrence of it which I have
constantly felt.
Mr. Speaker, at the last session, feeling it to be
the duty of the majority here to do something—what-
ever they could, without any sacrifice of principle,
which should promise relief, X proposed a substitute
for the bill reported from the Select Committee, by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. CirsHusr,.]
That substitute contemplated the issuing, by the
Government, oi fifteen millions of convertible paper,
or notes, to be issued to creditors, or to those who
should lend the Government their cash—redeemable
on demand, in specie, at the Tieasury in Washing-
ton, or at an agency of the Treasury in the city of
New York. Of course, no issues were to be made,
except on Government account; there was to be no
sub-treasury, and no board of exchequer, for no such
board was required; any more than the like machi-
nery was or i;j required for the issue of inconvertible
treasury notes. . .
This measure was offered by me, that it might be
considered whenever the exchequer plan should be
brought forward. It expressed my ultimatum in
regatdto paper for currency, to be issued directly by
this Government, which X hold to be a practice al-
ways liable to abuse, and to be avoided as far as
possible. In truth, I should, at any time, have given
my own proposition a reluctant support; though, if
the subject had come up, it should have had from
me a firm support as an antagonist measure to that
proposed by the Executive.
The House is aware that a few days since I
offered another measure, referred to by me at the
commencement of my remarks, as a substitute foi
the exchequer scheme, which, at my instance, was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed. This
measure I greatly prefer to the former one submitted
by me; and it is my purpose, as I have already said,
to urge it at a proper time upon the consideration
of the House. If gentlemen have not turned their
attention to it, I beg they will do so. It will explain
itself. It is perfectly simple, and to aH'parties con-
cerned, as a pecuniary transaction, perfectly safe;
and it is as little liable to exceptions from political
considerations, as any plan for the same objects
could well be. While it will enable the Government
to borrow cheaply, at home, fifteen millions of dollars,
it will afford the means, not of creating, but of adopting
fifteen millions of sound currency, which, by the act
of adoption, will be made to put on the character of
nationality. I am not permitted now to enter further
into this plan, as the time allowed me is just about
to expire. A further opportunity, I trust, will be
afforded me when the House .shall go into com-
mittee on the bill of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, which I hope it will do very soon; and, in the
mean time, I beg leave again earnestly to commend
to the attention of gentlemen on all sides of the
House the measure and plan to which f refer.
BRITISH TREATY.
SJECKRT SESSION.
SPEECH OF MR. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In Senate, August 19, 1842—On the ratification of
the treaty with Great Britain.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose and addiessed the Sen-
ate as follow?.
Mr. President: It is now manifest that the treaty
under discussion is destined to be ratified by a large
majority of the Senale. The news of this ratifica-
tion will spread joy and gladness throughout the
land. It will be hailed bv the country as the pledge
of a lasting peace between two great nations; and
those who were instrumental either in its negotia-
tion or ratification, will be esteemed public bene-
factors. Beyond all question, such will be the first
impression upon the public mind. Amidst this
general joy, it will be a .subject of surprise and as-
tonishment that some eight or ten Senators should
have separated themselves from the mass, and voted
against the ratification of this treaty. The lirst im-
pulse of public feeling will be to condemn these
Senators. Now, sir, as I shall be one of this small
number, I rise to make my defence before the peo-
ple of the country in advance, not doubting but that
the justice, if not the generosity of the Senate, will
remove the injunction of secrecy from our pro-
ceedings, and enable me to publish my remarks.
There is no Senator who has felt more anxious
to vote in favor of this treaty than myself. I am
conscious of all the happy cffects upon the country
which might tesult from unanimity in this,body;
and I may say, in all sincerity, that I have en-
deavored to agree with the majority. Nay, more—
I was disposed to distrust my own judgment, be-
lieving that it might have been prejudiced by the
zealous and persevering efforts which I had for-
merly made, both as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and as a Senator on this floor,
to sustain the 'rights of Maine against what I be-
lieved to be the unjust pretensions of the British
Government. I have, therefore, earnestly endeav-
ored to keep mv mind open to conviction until
the last moment;' but after all, I cannot vote for
this treaty without feeling that I had violated my
duty to the country, and without forfeiting my own
self-respect. In the emphatic language of the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Williams,] I believe it to
be a treaty unjust to Maine, and dishonorable to the
whole country; and thus believing, if it depended
upon my vote, it should be rejected without regard
to consequences. These I would leave to thai su-
perintending Providence which has ever been our
shield in the day of danger. Even if war should
be the result, (which I do not by any means antici-
pate,) I would rely with perfect confidence upon the
courage, patriot sin, and energy of my countrymen,
for the defence of their rights.
When the mission of Lord Ashburton was first
announced, I hailed it as (he olive branch of peace
and triendship, presented by England to this conn-
try. The auspices were all favorable. I believed
then, and I believe still, thai she was sincere. Her
revenue was insufficient for her annual expendi-
tures; she had experienced reverses ill the East,
where she was waging two expensive, unjust, and
bloody wars; a large portion of her own population
was almost in a state of open rebellion, and she had
signally failed in her darling policy of extorting
from Fiance a ratification of the quintuple treaty,
which would have given her the right of searching
all European vessels on the coast of Africa. Such
was the condition of England when Lord Ashbur-
ton arrived in Washington, "hating been charged
with full powers to negotiate and settle all mailers
in discussion, between t/te two countries." When I
make ihis declaration, I employ the very language
used by Mr. Webster himself, in the very first sen-
tence of his first diplomatic note, dated on the 17th
June last. His Lordship's powers were not con-
fined to the Northeastern boundary question, which
is the only disputed question settled by the tieaty,
but they would have enabled him to terminate all
the vexed and dangerous questions which still re-
main open to disturb the harmony and threaten
the peace of the two nations.
Not only did a crisis then exist in the affairs of
England eminently calculated to piedispose her to
a fair and amicable adjustment of all the disputed
questions; but the British Government well knew
that these questions were of such a distinct and
varied character, that some one of them had strong-
ly enlisted the feelings of each portion of our coun-
ti y; and, when combined, that they would unite the
American people almost as one man in demanding
justice. There was the Northeastern boundary
question, which peculiarly interested the. Eastern
States, as did the Northwestern boundary the West-
ern States, whilst the Creole question had deeply
affected the sensibilities of the Southern and South-
western poitions of the Union. Redress for the
Caroline outrage, and an abandonment of the right
of search, were questions of national honor, in
which every man with an American heart, through-
out the broad extent of our country, lelt the deepest
interest. The varied wrongs of England had united
us together in an adamantine chain, no link of
which ought ever to have been broken until these
wrongs had all been redressed. I believe in my
soul that the propitious moment had arrived for
settling all these questions upon just and honorable
principles. Feeling this to be the case, I declared,
on the floor of the Senate, at the period of Lord
Ashbui'lou's an ival, that our motto ought to be—All
or none. This 1 did, because I felt that all could
be adjusted. I believe still that all might hav«
been adjusted; although I knew it would be the
policy of the British Government to obtain a ces-
sion of that portion of Maine necessary to consoli-
date her power in North America, and leave the
other questions—particularly that of the Creole—-
for "a more convenient season." This Creole
question, from peculiar causes, which I need not
explain, was the weakest, except in point of justice,
of all the questions in dispute; whilst the prejudices
of the British people were most strongly enlisted
against its fair and honorable adjustment. Lord
Ashburton has succeedcd in obtaining all that his
Government most desired, and in postponing for fu-
tu re negotiation all which was most desirable for the
American people. Until within the last few weeks,
we had every reason to believe that all matters in
dispute would be adjusted by the treaty. I appeal
to Senators whether they have not heard, over and
over again, throughout the negotiation, that the
only obstacle in the way of settling all our difficul-
ties was the obstinate adherence ol the Maine com-
missioners to the line of the treaty of 1783. I often
made inquiries concerning the Creole question, be-
lieving ihat its adjustment would be the most diffi-
cult; and was as often informed that there would be
no difficulty in providing for the future, although
Lord Ashburton might not be able to grant indem-
nity for the past. I believed that all things were in
successful progress; and never have I been more
astonished and disappointed than when I first learn-
ed that the Maine question alone had been settled
bv the treaty, and that all the rest of the disputed
questions had merely been made the subjects of a
diplomatic correspondence.
Had all the questions been adjusted between the
two countries, a career of happiness and prosperity
would have been opened to both, on which the ima-
gination of the philanthropist might love to dwell.
Time might have soothed, or even obliterated, the
memory of the successive wrongs and insults which
we have suffered from England since she first ac-
knowledged our independence; and we might have,
forgotten those unfriendly feelings towards her,
