io*-
APPENDIX tO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBjfi.
Aug. 184$.
S7th Cong-"-3b> Sess,
The British Treaty—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
■which, unquestionably, now pervade the great body
of the American people. Senators on this floor
may speak of the two nations as the mother and the
daughter, and may please their fancy by such epi-
thets of mutual endearment; but, in the opinion of a
large majority of our countrymen, England has ever
acted as a harsh and severe stepmother towards this
country. I had fondly hoped that this unnatural
relationship would end with the termination of
Lord Ashburton's mission; and, had all the ques-
tions been settled, I was prepared to yield much for
the sake of such a happy consummation.
I shall now proceed to discuss each of the subjects
separately, involved in the correspondence and the
treaty. And, first, X shall reler to the question of
impressment. The two last letters of the series re-
late to this subject. On the 8th of August, (the day
before the termination of the special mission,) Mr.
"Webster addressed a letter to Lord Ashburton,
which presents a clear and striking view of the
arguments which have been heretofore urged
against the impressment of American seamen; and
suggests to the British Government the propriety
of renouncing the practice hereafter. His Lordship
replied to this letter on the next day, (the 9th of
August;) and, with this letter, his mission termi-
nated.
This letter of Lord Ashburton is a fair specimen
of his whole correspondence. It shows his Lordship
to be a shrewd, sagacious, and practical man. The
British Government could not have made a more
fortunate selection of a minister. Whilst all his
letters abound in genera), and, I have no doubt,
sincere professions~of anxiety to establish perpetual
friendship between the two countries, he never
yields any of the pretensions of the British Govern-
ment. He praises much the superior ability of the
American negotiator; and (to use a cant phrase,
common at the bar whilst I was a member of the
profession) is content that Mr. Webster shall have
the argument, provided he himself gets the land.
He never commits himself, or his Government,-on-
any particular point; and yet therebreathes through-
out his whole language such a spirit of conciliation,
that, until you examine it particularly, you incline
to the belief that he is disposed to gram all you de-
si le.
i.. i uo.i, ciue^ ne abandon the odious
claim of the British Government to impress seamen
on board of American vessels'? Does he yield to
the unanswerable arguments presented by Mr.
Webster! No, sir; no. On this subject, he is not
merely non-committal. He comes up to the very
point which has always been at issue between the
two countries;—asserts the principle of the perpet-
ual allegiance of all British-born subjects in the
strongest terms; and justifies the practice of im-
pressment in cases of necessity. Nay, more : he
informs Mr. Webster that we ourselves would re-
sort to the same practice, if our geographical posi-
tion did not render it unnecessary. Let me quote a
few sentences of his own language, to establish my
position.
"The principle im (says his Lordship) ilmt all snlijuols of the
Crown are, in case of necessity, bound to serve their country;
ana the seafaring maR is nau>t'ai]y taken for the n.ival set vice.
I hia le not, as is sometimes supposed, any aibitrary piinciple
of monarchical government, but one founded on the natural
duty of every man to defend the life of his countiv; and .ill thi-
analogy of your laws would lead to the conclusion that the
same principle would hold good in the United State, if their
geoc'-iphical position did not make its application unneceti-
sary,"
It is true that he concludes with the expression of
a vague hope that some satisfactory arrangement
may yet be made upon the subject—meaning noth-
ing, and amounting to nothing.
I confess, sir, I did not anticipate that the sub-
ject of impressment would form any part of the
negotiations between Mr. Webster and Lord Ash-
burton. _ This question ought never to have found
a place in the correspondence, unless, from the pre-
liminary conferences, it had been ascertained that
Kngland was prepared to renounce the practice
forever. Its introduction has afforded Lord Ash-
burton the opportunity of insisting upon a claim to
which we can never practically submit, without
being disgraced and degraded among the nations
oi the earth. We declared war against Great Brit-
am thirty years ago, to protect American seamen
from impressment; and she, and all the world, ought
to know (hat we shall declare war again, should
the practice ever be resumed. If the stars and the
stripes which float over an American vessel upon
the ocean cannor protect all those who sail be-
neath them from impressment, no matter to what j
land they may owe their birth, then, we are no j
longer an independent nation. Whenever any
British officer shall dare to violate the flag of our
country on the ocean, and shall seize and carry
away any seaman from the deck of an American
vessel, no matter,what may be the pretence, (unless
instant reparation should be made by his Govern-
ment for the outrage,) our only alternative wilt
then be war or national dishonor. We are deeply,
solemnly pledged before the world, to avenge such
a wrong without a moment's unnecessary delay.
Such an act would, in effect, be a declaration of war
against us; and Great Britain knows it well. She
claims the right of impressment, as a belligerent
right only, and when she shall go to war with
France, or any other nation, she will then count
the cost to herself which may result from this prac-
tice. She may refrain, from the conviction that it
would convert us from being a neutral, into her
most deadly enemy. No, sir; no. This is not a
question for holyday negotiation, but for war, in-
evitable war, should the occasion ever unfortu-
nately arise. But Great Britain will have a care
how she provokes such a conflict, in violation of
every principle of national law, although she may
refuse formally to renounce the practice. War
must be the necessary result of impressment, or our
national character must become a subject of scorn
and contempt for all mankind.
I proceed next to the case of the Caroline.
There was nothing easier in the world than to set-
tle this question satisfactorily. The British Gov-
ernment had only to acknowledge that Captain Drew
and his band of volunteer desperadoes were in the
wrong when, under the auspices of Colonel McNab,
they had invaded our territory, burnt Ihe Caroline,
and murdered an American citizen; and then do all
they could to repair this wrong, by indemnifying the
owner of the steamboat for his loss of property, and
providing for the family of the murdered Durfee,
if he have a family. To acknowledge the wrong,
and repair the injury as far as he can, is the first
"cTfcfatc Bf-erery jn^t and honorable man, at the
moment he becomes convinced of his error. Such
o^tght to be the conduct of every ju^t and honorable
nation. But has Great Britain pursued this course
in the case of the Caroline"! Has she either admitted
the national wrong, or repaired it by making compen-
sation to those who were its victims'? Neither the
outuui die oilier. vv e nave been told, indeed, by the
Senator from Virginia, (Mr. Rives,) that this old
and haughty nation, proud in arms, has submitted
to ask our pardon for the outrage; and he considers
this a great triumph. But is this the fact? Let
the letter of Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster, of the
28th July, be carefully examined by any Senator,
and he must arrive at a directly opposite conclusion.
I assert that this letter contains an able and elabor-
ate justification of the attack on the Caroline, and a
vindication of the British officers who planned and
conducted it. How could it be otherwise] Has
not Colonel McNab been knighted, and Captain
Drew pensioned, for this gallant exploit against un-
armed men, who vainly believed thai the American
flag upon American soil was a protection against
British outraged Have we not seen, within a few
days, that a public dinner at which a noble Duke
presided, has rccentlv been given to Sir Allen Mc-
Nab in London, where he received such honors
as will encourage nim again to violate our territory,
"whenever mleiestor feeling shall again prompt to
a similar outiage? _ I ask the Senator from Virginia
to point to any portion of the letter where the con-
duct of McJsab and Drew has been condemned-
nay, more, I ask him to point to any portion of the
letter where it has not been justified. It is very
true that Lord Ashburton, whilst he earnestly main-
tains "that there were grounds of justification [for
the Caroline outrage] as strong as weie ever pre-
sented m such cases," declares "that no slight of
the authority of the United States was ever intend-
ed;" and although ihis service was necessary yet
as it involved a violation of our territory, he would
deprcca'e its recuriencc. In the very l enience to
which the Senator from Virginia refe , in which
his Lordship regrets "that some exp,. nation and
apology for this occurrence was not immediately
made,'' he still continues to justify the capture and
destruction of the Caroline on the plea of necessitv.
The whole substance of this letter may be summed
up in a very few words, thus: Although the viola-
tion of your terntoiy, and the destruction of Ihe
Caroline, were absolutely necessary and entirely
justifiable, find as such have received the approba-
tion of the British Government; yet I am extremely
sorry that any such necessity existed, and hope It
may not .again occur. I also regret that such an.
explanation and apology for this occurrence as I
have just made, had not been tendered to your
Government immediately after the event. A man
runs me through the body with a sword; and after-
wards explains and apologises tome, by assuring me
that his act was both necessary and justifiable; but
yet he is extremely sorry that any such necessity
existed. This is Lord Ashburton's apology for the
Caroline outrage. The President vainly indulged
the hope, m his annual message at the commence-
ment of the present session, "that the British Gov-
ernment would see the propriety of renouncing, as
a rule of future action, the precedent which has
been set in the affair at Schlo^ser." This was a
vain hope. So far from renouncing the affair as
a precedent, it has been justified and approved by
thai Government throughout. Let an insurrection
again occur in Canada, and we shall reap the bit-
ter fruits of this precedent. The military officers
of the British Government, will send expeditions
across our frontier, which may plunder and murder
our citizens, under pretence of defending their Cana-
dian possessions against the attacks of the insur-
gents. This will be done, if for no other puipose
but that of displaying their zeal and devotion to their
sovereign; and thus purchasing the honors and re-
wards winch have been so profusely bestowed upon
the McNabs and the Drews who planned and con-
ducted the Caroline expedition. A necessity to
justify such attacks will always exist whenever they
are deemed expedient; and if, after four years' nego-
tiation, the British Government should express its
sorrow—not for the outrage itself, but because a
necessity existed for its perpetration—then we must
be satisfied, if we should consider the Caroline
precedent as binding hereafter.
After all that I have said, it wou'd be vain to
ask whether Lord Ashburton has granted indem-
nity to the owner of the Caroline, or provided for
the family ot the murdered Durfee. II does not
appear that I\lr. Webster eier de?aanded any sucli in-
demnity, or even alluded to the subject. lie may
possibly have adverted Jo it in his private confer-
ences with Lord Ashburton; but if he did—my life
upon it—the answer was, that the attack on the
Caroline was justifiable, and therefore not a subject
of indemnity. You have thus permitted this steam-
boat, owned by an American citizen, whilst under
American colors, and moored in an American
port, to be destroyed by the British authorities,
without even asking them to indemnify the owner.
Does not justice require that you should indemnify
the citizen whom your own soil and your own flag
could not protect, and for whom you asked no in-
demnity'? I shall not at present attempt to answer
this question. ^ On the files of our^xecutive docu-
ments, there is to be found a memorial from the
citizens of Buffalo, presented in March, 1838, which
places the claim of Mr. Wells, the American
owner of the Caroline, in a very strong light: and
as we have not even asked any satisfaction for him
from the British Government, it will be a serious
question whether we are not bound to indemnify
him ourselves.
_ But Lord Ashburton, in this extraordinary letter
is net content with acting on the defensive. In the
conclusion of it, lie becomes the assailant. Refer-
ring to^ the case of McLeod, he complains that
■individuals have been made personally liable for
acts done under the avowed authority of their Gov-
ernment;" and he inquired whether the Govern-
ment of the United States is now in a condition to
surrender those engaged in such enterprises as that
of the capture of the Caroline, without subiectinsr
them to trial.
Mr. Webster replied to this letter on the 6th of
Jirnxf r r\ri Jiic- T ^,-,7. v,*~ .1. . • - 
tion of territory, the topic of no further discussion
Hf"1oen i'"e lW° Gorernrflents." And thus ends
the Caroline question.
But But so the McLeod question. Mr. Webster
^■mi'i- as he had done in the beginning-, that
mci^eod ougnt to have been surrendered, without
u;ial, on ihe demand of the British Government,
rfe graciously explains the reason why this could
not be done, and casis the blame "upon a State
court, and that not of the highest jtuisdiction "
Which "was embarrassed, as it would a. near h'v
technical difficulties He says, however", that'the
Government of the United Slates holds itself not
onh fully Disposed, but folly competent, to fulfil its
acknowledged obligations to subjects of England,
