Aug. 184§;
APPfeNDf* fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£22aaw
M
27th Cong......3d Stbss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
•who may hereafter engage in such enterprises; and
informs his Lordship that the attention of Congress
"has been called to the subject, to say what farther
provision ought to be made to expedite proceedings
in such cases."
His Lordship must, indeed, have been difficult
to please, if all these assurances were not satisfac-
tory. In what, then, has the Caroline outrage re-
sulted1!—that outrage, so eloquently described by
the Secretary himself, in his letter to Mr. Pox, as
to make the blood tingle;—that outrage perpetra-
ted on the Caroline "in the darkness of the night,
•while moored to the shore, and vjhile unarmed men
were asleep on board, killing some and wounding
others, and then drawing her into the cvrrenl, above
the cataract, setting her on fire, and, careless to know
whether there might not be in her the innocent with
the guilty, or the living with the dead, committing
her to a. fate zvhich jilts iheimagmation vnth horror
We have settled this outrage upon our territory
without any acknowledgment from the British
Government that the act itself wps wrong and un-
justifiable, and without any indemnity to the injured
individuals. Nay, more; Mr. Webster his yielded
to Great Britain, while she still continued to jus-
tify the act and approve the conduct of the officers
of the expedition, an assurance that we would
surrender, without trial, all persons who may here-
after be engaged in similar enterprises. And, to
cap the climax, the Senate have alreadv passed
what I solemnly believe to be an unconstitutional
bill, which, if it should receive the sanction of the
House, and be approved by the President, will de-
prive all State courts of jurisdiction over the foul
murders which may be committed within their
territory by lawless bands of desperate men sent
over the lines from Canada by petty provincial
officers, and will discharge the criminals from con-
finement in a summary manner, by a gross perver-
sion of the \vi it of habeas coi pus. Surely we have
done everything we could to appease the British
Government for the trial of McLeod before the
courts of New York. I repeat that Lord Ashbur-
ton must be a most unreasonable man if'lie be not
entirely satisfied with the settlement of the Mc-
Leod and Caroline questions.
I now come to the Creole question. And here
we, who are opposed to the treaty, have been told
that this is peculiarly a Southern question; and that,
if the Senators from the South are satisfied with the
manner in which it has been adjusted, we ought
not to complain. Sir, this is not a mere Southern
question, but it is a question which deeply affects the
honor of the whole country. I might here repeat what
I have said upon a former occasion—that all Chris-
tendom is leagued against the South upon this ques-
tion of domestic slavery. They have no other
allies to sustain their constitutional rights, exccpt
thef Democracy of the North. I do not mean to
insinuate that the Whig party of theNorth are gen-
erally abolitionists. Far from it. But this I will
say: that Whig candidates most generally receive
the support of the abolitionists; and, therefore, the
Whigs, as a party, are careful not to give them of-
fence. Far different is the conduct of the Demo-
crats. In my own State, we inscribe upon our
party banners hostdity to abolition. It is there one
of the cardinal principles of the Democratic party;
and many a hard battle have we fought to sustain
this principle. Whilst the Democrats of the North
are opposed to slavery in the abstract, they are ever
ready to ma.ntain the constitutional rights, of the
South against the fierce and fanatical spirit of
abolition. I, therefore, claim the right of discuss-
ing the Creole question. It was my anxious desire
and confident hope that thisquestion, at least, might
have been settled by the treaty. I firmlv believe
that the propitious moment for adjusting it on hon-
orable terms has passed away forever. X he British
Government might have consented to accept the
bitter with the sweet; and to have done usjustice on
the Creole question, for the sake of obtaining that
portion of Maine which they so ardetitli desired.
Butwe have not improved the golden opportunity;
andnovv what are we told"? Wtiy, that a great ad-
vance has been made towards the settlement of this
question by the correspondence before us.
And what is a diplomatic note1? What states-
man ever dreamed of adjusting an important ques-
tion, well calculated to impair the harmony and
destroy the peace of two gieat nations, by a dip-
lomatic note's A treaty is the only mode known
tothelaw of nations by which such questions can
be settled. Now, sir,if the letter of Lord Asl,bur-
ton, of the Oth August had even contained every
stipulation which we could desire in regard to the
Creole question, to what would it amount"? It
might possibly bind the honor of the present British
cabinet; but after a change of ministry, would it
bind their successors'! No man will pretend it.
A new ministry would say to us, Why did you
not secure your claimed rights by treaty1! We are
not bound by a mere diplomatic note, written by
Lord Ashburton in behalf of a former ministry.
And more especially are we not bound by it, when
that minister himself, m the very first sentence of
the note on which you rely, disclaims all author-
ity from his Government to enter into any for-
mal stipulation on the subject; and in a subse-
quent part of it, refers "to great principles too deep-
ly rooted in the consciences and sympathies of the
British people," which might cause a disavowal of
any engagement into which he might enter for the
purpose of settling this question.
But even if the engagement contained in this
note of Lord Ashburton were solemnly inserted
in the body ot the treaty itself, it would be wholly
ineffectual. It is contained in two sentences, which
I shall read:
"In the mean time, (say? his Lordship,) I can engatre dint
instructions shall be given lo the Govei tuns of hei Majesty's
colonies on the southern border'; of the United Statesto exe-
cute their own laws with careful attention lo the wish of their
Government, ant! tint theiesfwllbe no officious mteilereure
wlthAmerlcan vessels driven by accident or by violence into
those ports. The taws anil duties of hospitably shall he exe-
cuted, and those seein neither to require not to justify any fur-
ther inquisition into the state of peisohs or things on board of
vessels so situated, than may be indispensable to enforce the
observance of the municipal law of the colony, and the ptoper
regulation ot its harbors and waters."
Now, sir, when we consider the nature of our
grievance, we shall perceive at once how wholly
inadequate his Lordship's stipulation will be to af-
ford a remedy. American citizens, in transport-
nig their slaves by sea, from the Atlantic Stales to
States on the Gulf of Mexico and on the Missis-
sippi, must pass through the Bahama channel. If
their vessels are driven into any British port along
this channel, by storms, or are carried there in
consequence of mutiny and murder, the slaves, who
can escape to the shore by any means what-
ever, are instantly free. Such is the law of Eng-
land, which will most probably never be changed.
But whilst the slaves remain on board of an
American vessel, they are, in the contemplation of
the law of nations, on American soil. Nnw, if
his Lordship had stipulated that the British au-
thorities should prevent the slaves on board of ves-
sels driven into port by storms, or carried there
by mutiny, from making their escape to the shore,
there would have been some efficiency in the en-
gagement. This would have been a stipulation
to do a positive act, which would have letaincd
and secured the slaves in the possession of their
masters. But the engagements of Lord Ashbur-
ton are all merely negative. The British colo-
nial governors are not themselfes to be instru-
mental in releasing the '-laves—they shall not offi-
cially interfere with American vessels driven by
accident and by violence into those ports,—they
shall not make any further inquisition into the
state of persons or things on board of vessels
thus situated, than may be nccessary to enforce the
municipal laws. All is negative, and is intended
merely to prevent the British authorities them-
selves' from becoming actors in violating our rights!
The people of any of these colonies, without vio-
lating his Lordship's engagement, may interfere lo
produce the escape of the slaves from any such
vessel'. That they will hereafter act in this man-
ner, there can be no doubt, judging from their past
conduct.
Injustice to Mr. Webster, I must say that he has
placed this whole subject in a most clear, forcible,
and striking light. He has proved conclusively
that we ask no engagement from the British Gov-
ernment but what they are cleailv bound to per-
form, under the law ot nations. without any treaty
stipulation whatever. What I complain of is, that
while he always demonstrates his propositions, they
never produce any practical effeel for oar advan-
tage. Lord Ashburton does not attempt to answer
his arguments, because they are unanswerable; and
yet, in general terms, his Lordship declares that
some of them have rather surprised and startled
him, though he will not pretend to judge them.
His object was to transfer the negotiation concern-
ing the Creole to London; and in this he has suc-
ceeded. Our object ought to have been to settle the
question in Wa.~hington, and to connect togeth-
er in the same treaty, the Creole question with
the Northeastern boundary. I most sincerely hope
that I may be mistaken, but I now believe none of
us will ever live to see the day when the Creole
question will be settled on terms honorable and sat-
isfactory to this country.
One remark I feel impelled to make—and that is,
that this Senate deserves to be famous not only for
passing abstract resolutions, but for our willingness
to surrender them whenever we are called upon to
carry them into effect. We have unanimously re-
solved and re-resolved in favor of our title to the
disputed territory; and we have pursued a similar
course in relation to the principles involved in the
Creole question. 1 hope that we shall hereafterde-
sist from such vain and idle proceedings.
On the loth of April, 1810, we resolved, by a
unanimous vote, that our ships on the high seas. In
time of pcacc, were, according U> the law of na-
tions, under the exclusive jurisdiction of our coun-
try; and further, that, when forced by stress of
weather, or other unavoidable cause, into the pons
of a friendly power, they, with their cargoes, "and
persons on board, with their property, and all the
rights belonging to their personal relations, as es-
tablished by the laws of the State to which they be-
long, would be placfd under the protection which
the laws of nations extend to the unfortunate under
such circumstances." These propositions have
been demonstrated by the Secretary of State. And
yet, after our clear rights, under the law of nations,
have been rejieatedly outraged by the British au-
thorities and people, all we have obtained for their
security is a diplomatic note containing engage-
ments which will have no practical effect whatever,
and which may be recalled at pleasure by the Brit-
ish Government. So much for the case of the Cre-
ole.
1 now approach the treaty itself, and shall first
discuss the eighth article. It stipulates that each of
the contiacting parties shall maintain on the coast of
Africa a naval force of not less than eighty guns,
to enforce, separately, the laws of each country lor
the suppression ofthe slave-trade; "the said squad-
rons to be, independent of each other, but the two
Governments stipulating, nevertheless, togive such
orders to their officers commanding their respec-
tive forces, as shall enable them to act most effectu-
ally in concert and co-opera'ion, upon mutual con-
sultation, as exigencies may arise, for the attain-
ment of the true object of this article; copies of all
such orders to be communicated by each Govern-
ment to the other, respectively."
Now,sir, the first remark in regard to this most
important article, which must strike everymind, is,
that it has become a part of thetieaty, without any
correspondence whatever between the two plenipo-
tentiaries m relation to the subject. We are left
entirely in the dark as to the motives which influ-
enced ihe negotiators in forming thisarticle, except
from the obscure hints which may be collected from
the President's message which accompanied the
treaty. And here I would remark, that this corre-
spondence throughout presents a singular spectacle,
which, Itrust, may never be exhibited again in any
important negotiation with a foreign power. Ev-
eiything had been previously arranged in verbal
conference5:, without any note or memorandum of
what had transpired at them, before the date ofthe
letters communicated with the treaty; and these let-
ters were evidently intended merely to present re-
sults in such a form as might best satisfy the people
ot both nations. The original pretensions on the
one side or the other—the manner in which they
were resisted—the means by which they wsre mod-
ified and received their present form—all, all are
buried m oblivion, so far as this Government is
concerned. The tracks of the negotiators were
made upon the sand, and the returning tide has ef-
faced tbem forever. Such is the case in relation to
this Government; but not so, I shall venture to as-
sert, in regard to England.
The first duty of every responsible minister en-
gaged in the negotiation ot an important treaty is,
tli communicate to his Government a faithful his-
tory in detail of all his official conferences, f he
British Government, beyond a doubt, have been ac-
curately informed, from day to dav, ofthe progress
of this negotiation; and though the despatches ot
Lord Ashburton may not, for many veais, see the
light yet they will be a great diplomatic curiosity
whenever published. Instructed to settle jail the
questions in dispute between the two countries, the
means will then appear by which he succeeded in
battling the Ameiican negotiator, and evading tfc$
