108
APPEND!* frO Tfife CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB:
Aug. 1842.
27th CosG"*'3d Sess.
The British Treaty-—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
of the United States the sum of $250,000, as an
equivalent for the surrender of this territory of 893
square miles; promises to refund the expenses
which they had incurred for the civil posse they
had maintained, and the survey they had made; and
concludes with the expression of his "conviction
that no more advantageous arrangement could lie
made."
Let us here pause for a moment upon the aston-
ishing fact, that this proposition made to the Maine
commissioners proceeded not from Lord Ashbur-
ton, but from Mr. Webster; not from the British
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary,
but from our own Secretary of State. It was'a
proposition previously concocted between the nego-
tiators, and its acceptance urged upon the Maine
commissioners as the British ultimatum, by the
very man to whom the President had intrusted the
rights and the honor of his country.
We now first hear from the Massachusetts com-
missioners; and their letter is truly characteristic.
That State had no direct interest in the question of
territorial sovereignty over the disputed territory;
but merely in the right ol soil. They accordingly
treat it as a question not ot national honor, but of
dollars and cents. They say to Mr. Webster, in
their letter of the 20th July: "Whether the national
boundary suggested by you be suitable or unsuita-
ble; whether the compensations that Great Britain
offers to the United States for the territory conce-
ded to her be adequate or inadequate; and whether
the treaty which shad be effected shall he honorable to the
country, or incompatible with its rights and dignity,
are questions not for Massachusetts, but jor the Gen-
eral Government, upon its responsibility to the whole
country, to decide." They thus waive the question
of national honor; but not so the question of dol-
lars and cents. They higgle about the price to be
paid for their land. They demand ^25,000 more
than Mr. Webster had offered. This seems to have
been their sine qua non; and if the sum to bo given
them "shall be increased to the sum ot S 150,000,
[instead of $125,000,] the State of Massachusetts,
through her commissioners, hereby relinquishes lo
the United States her interest in the lands which
will be excluded from the dominion of the United
Slates by the establishment of the bonndaiy afore-
said," It is nee,dh;sstn sp" IV'r" w~>-   u
urn aiaua loflgior ,><ia,000, m such a bargain, esne-
cially when the money was to be paid out of the
treasury of the United States.
The Maine commissioners seemed then lo be
abandoned by the whole world, and their position
became truly embarrassing. This proposition was
urged upon them, not by Lord Ashburton, but by
their own Secretary of State, with the approbation
of their own National Administration. That man
gigantic intellect, whose great powers ought to
have been taxed to the utmost to save Maine from
dismemberment, was the vetv man who urged them
lo consent to the dismemberment. They were de-
serted, at the most critical moment, by the commis-
sioners of Massachusetts, who had assented to the
proposition of Mr. Webster. They were induced
to believe that the question ol'peace or war was
suspended on their decision. It was proclaimed in
the streets of Washington that the obstinacy of the
Maine commissioners alone prevented the..settle-
ment of all ottr questions ill dispute with England.
I was myself induced to give credit to tins rumor
and when I was eonlidcntiallv inhumed by a Sen-
ator now on tins floor, of the true naUite of the
case, my astonishment and mortification Sci.ew no
bounds.
Under these ci'icuinstances, a most reluctant con-
ditional assent to the proposition of Mr, Webster
was extorted from the Maine commissioners. 'It is
due to them thot I soottld lend to the Senate the
terms in which it is givun. Their letter to Mr
Webster bears date 22d Julv, U-K, and concludes
with the following paragraphs:
"We are now given to under-tan,1 thot nOT,n„ „f ti,„
United Stales, r.-pr- senupjr the winny ol (he T'nmn a.3-n>5
tn the proposal; ami that th.s JrpurUr.r:;t ol the (iovcmim-nt ot
least is anxui'lrt f.n its .wept,two, a-, ,n its view, inre' exnei'l
ent for the gei>eiv)l good. ' '
"The commi^i.ti'en of Mn^cVivrtg hnvo already oypn
their assent on oek>!f of that Conv.ionweMth This* «i;t;kte'u
the commissioners of M;rno, invoking 'fin :t of <fuc  men?
an 5 patnotic .levcniun of (heir FU'e'tn -he Union, and beu'<*
(l!nJ 10 JI|t r lhe ^llbr,a,p ccnvictior s of hnr Sfair«
as o the pat.i of duty. arid to interpose n" r-bstaclts 10 mi ud-
justment which the genera! jndrrmemof the rsa'ion shall rro
nounce as honorable expedient, even if that shall
lera!hila«?!TCn,le,roJ * por,io,i nf tbfi b thr^iiu>fthe ponple
of the.r fttate, and piized bv 'h^m because it i«? their bmhr;«h\
have determined to overcome their objections to the proposal'
rry'-/ u-ron malui e consideration. the S n-
$tt6 of the Lmted States shall adv(#e and consent to the
ratification of a treaty, corresponding in its terms to your
proposal, and with the conditions in our memorandum ac-
companying tkis note, (marked A,) andidentif/ed by cnir sig-
natures, they, by virtue of the power vested in them by the
resolves of the Legislature of Maine, give the assent of that
State to such conventional line, with the terms, conditions,
and equivalents herein mentioned
' This conditional assent casts the responsibility of
the treaty upon the Senate of the United States. It
is for tis to pronounce, in the language of the Maine
commissioners, whether this treaty is honor-
able and expedient, and such a one as the general
judgment of the nation will approve We must
encounter this responsibility, whether we will or
not.
It would be a waste of time to pursue the subject
further, m detail. Mr. Webster, on the '27th July,
in form, made the proposition to Lord Ashburton,
which had, in substance, been previously agreed
upon between them, in personal conference, before
it was presented to the Maine commissioners; and
which he, therefore, Imew would be accepted: and
the treaty was concluded accordingly.
Thus have we yielded to a foreign power that
ancient highland boundary for which our fathers
fought. Thus has it been blotted out from the
treaty which acknowledged our independence.
Thus has Kngland reclaimed an important portion
of that territory, which had been wrested from her
by the bravery and the blood of our revolutionary
fathers. We have restored to her not only all the
land north of the St. John and the St. Francis, but
also our mountain boundary south of these rivers,
down to the Metjarmette portage. Along the base of
these mountains she can, and she will, establish for-
t ifications and military posts, from which she may at
once penetrate into the very heart of Maine. It is
a vain labor for the Secretary to prove that the ter-
ritory ceded is unfit for cultivation. England did
not demand it for its agricultural value. Why did
Lord Ashburton insist upon its surrender with so
much pertinacity and zeal? Because it not only
covered Quebec and Lower Canada !rom our as-
TauTTsTTHrrexposed our territory lo the assaults of
England, without any interposing natuial barrier.
On 'he east, on the north, and-cnrlhe west, Maine
is now left naked and exposed to the attacks of our
domineering and insatiable neighbor; and we have
bestowed upon her all this territory, without having
asked he) to grant us even the small strip north of
Eet 11 ve r, on the right bank of the St. John, which
would have given us, to that extent, a river'bound-
aiy. These highlands, throughout their whole
range, from the noithwcst head of the Connecticut
river to the northwest angle of Nova Scotia, which
divide the rivers flowing into the St. Lawrence
from those which empty themselves into the At-
lantic oecan, will exclusively belong to England
shou'dlhis treaty be ratified by the Senate The
Alpine boundary (which Adams and Franklin and
Jay had sccuied to theircountrv by the treaty of In-
dependence) has been extorted from us by our most
formidable enemy. We have acted as the Roman
Republic would have done, had she surrendered the
-Alps 10 the hostile nations of Gaul and Germany
and thus opened the way for the invasion of Italy!
And this suicidal policy'has been adopted, upon the
principle, orthe pretext, that our Alpinebarrier and
bonndaiy were not fit for cultivation! This is the
argument of Car. Webiter.
The ancient Romans vor-,hipped a god called
Permian;, He was the guardian of the bounda-
ries of the republic; and such was his power, that
he would not yield even to Jupiter himself. Upon
this principle, it was a saeied maxim both of their re-
ligion and their puliey, that their boundaries should
never recede. The Republic was more than once
driven to the last extremities. Her capital was
sacked, and ruin teemed more than once to be her
inevitable destiny; hut, m the midst of desolation and
defeat, no Roman Senator ever dared to prono.se
the smallest cession of h> r sacred soil. The bound-
aries;,! the Roman Republic never receded- and
we ought to have imitated her policy in this reject
however much ttemay condemn her love of con-
quest— unlessjndeed, we had obtained an equiva-
lent eess-on o! territory. The demand to surrender
the nigblaous tj'hich protected our frontier south
of the St. Francis, ought to have been met by an
instant ami absolute refusal, no matter what might
have been the consequence. Instead of bluing
them Irom Maine and Massachusetts, m order''h?t
we might surrender them to England, we oiWit at
once to have announced that we never could per-
mit such a surrender to become the sumect of ne-
gotiation. J
It has been said (and probably with truth) that, in
case we should ever determine to invade Canada,
we would not march over these highlands. 13ut this
is not the question. Let us reverse the case, and
suppose that England should determine to invade
us from Canada: would she not gradually collect
and concentrate her forces on the territory which
we have yielded to her east of these highlands, and
from ther.ee pour her forces into Maine without ob-
struction"! And it must have been chiefly to obtain
this very advantage, that Lord Ashburton was so
anxious to acquire this territory, which, forsooth,
we are told is not fit for cultivation. The only
crop which she desires to raise upon it, like that of
Cadmus, is a crop of armed men.
And yet, to excuse this surrender, we are present-
ed with the pretence of having obtained equivalents
in lands better fitted for cultivation. What are
these pretended equivalents'? In describing them,
I cannot do belter than to adopt the language of
the commissioners of Maine. "In New Hamp-
shire (say they) Lord Ashburton consents to take
the true northwest source of Connecticut river, in-
stead of the northeast source." That is, in other
words, he consents toabidebythe clear language of
the treaty of Independence, instead of persisting in
the demand ot England lo substitute the noitheast
for "the northwesiernmost head of Connecticut
river." "In Vermont, he will abide by the old
line which was run, marked, and solemnly es-
tablished nearly seventy years ago. In New York,
he will abide by the same old line, the effect of
rectifying it being merely to give to New York a
small angular strip on the west, and Great Britain
a small angular strip on the east." "These small
tracts and parings" (to use the language of the com-
missioners) are to be ihe equivalents for surrender-
ing our mountain boundaiy into the keeping of
Great Britain, without any estimate of the value of
the strip which we have surrendered to her of our
undisputed territory, along the line running due north
from the monument. He has thus most gracious-
ly consented not to take advantage of the very tri-
fling mistake committed by the British Government
-itself, more than 70 years ago, in running and mark-
ing the 45th parallel of latitude, and under which we
have held possession ever since we were an inde-
pendent nation'.
I shall not speak of the equivalents which the
Secretary claims to have obtained m the Northwest.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has
already placed this part of the subject in so clear a
light, that it would be a waste of time again to pre-
sent it to the Senate. He has demonstrated that, in-
stead of acquiring any territory in that quarter to
which we were not clearly entitled under the treaty
of 17811, we have actually sacrificed important ter-
ritorial rights which we held under that treaty.
The only concession on the part of Great Britain,
which has even the appearance of an equivalent
for the 5,012 square miles of territory which we
have ceded to her north of the St. John and the St.
Francis, and the 893 square miles south of the St.
Francis, is the navigation of the St. John. I say
the appeaionce; for there is no reality in it. Had
we yielded to Great Britain no more of the territory
ot Maine than that which was awarded to her by
the King of the Netherlands, there would have
been seme j lausibility in calling this a partial
equivalent. But what is now the state of the easel
We have sui leudeied to her a territory embracing
the head-waters of several of the branches and trib-
utary streams of the St. John. The moment we
made this concession, the surrender of the free
navigation of that river became a matter of neces-
sity, not of choice, for England, In order to pur-
chase a right for the inhabitants of th>s ceded ter-
ritory on the upper St. John, and the military posts
which may be established there, to navigate that
portion of the river which flows th tough our terri-
tory, England had no alternative but to grant to us a
similar ngM of navigation along that portion of
the river below, widiin her exclusive jurisdiction.
.Hence we find in the article of the treaty relating
to this subject, astipulation on our part that "the
inhabitants of the territory of the upper St. John
determined by this treaty to belong to her Britannic
Majesty, shall have free access to and through the
river for their produce, in those parts where said
nyer runs wholly through the State of Maine."
Tnus it appears, on the very face of the treaty, that
the right of each party to navigate the river within
the territories of the other, is a mutual and recipro-
cal right. They are the equivalents of each other,
and nothing more, and can be an equivalent foy
