Ian. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
27th Cok&"«>3d Skss.
The Exchequer—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
.does not know that thev are collected, kept, and dis-
bursed under the almost entirely unregulated and
discretionary authority of the Executive1? i There is
a section or two of an old la«> of 1789, and there is
an amendatory act of 1S22—both of them exceed-
ingly loose in their language, and indefinite in
.their import i and there is also the resolution of
1816. The first of these acts merely makes it the
.duty of the Treasurer of the United States to re-
ceive and keep the public moneys, and to disburse
the same upon the warrants of the Secretary of the
Treasury, leaving all the subordinate agencies
through which the receipts and payments of this
great nation are to be conducted, entirely without
legal specification or selection. The second of them
relates mainly to moneys appropriated for the War
and Navy Departments, and supplies none of the de-
fects of the previous act; and the resolution of
1816 prescribes only the medium in which the pub-
lic revenue shall be collected. These comprise all
the law there is on the subject. These are the dis-
jecta membra—the dsy and detached bones—of our
existing fiscal system; and ii is lei't to Executive
■construction to knit them together as it can, and to
clothe them with what body it pleases. The report
of the Committee of Ways and Means admits all
this, and declares that, since the late vetoes of the
President, "the [public moneys have remained in
the hands ot officers appointed by the Executive,
without any definite regulation by law."
For one, 1 cannot feel that my duty to the coun-
try, as one of its humblest Representatives, is dis-
charged, in leaving this discretion longer uncheck-
ed. Do gentlemen tell me that we have tried twice
to accomplish this object, and that our efforts have
twice been defeated by the interposition of Execu-
tive vetoes'! Sir, I am no vindicator of those ve-
toes, and no apologist for them in any degree. I
join as heartily as any man in this House in de-
ploring and condemning the use which has been
made of this odious veto power, both in relation to
this and other matters; though, perhaps, I may not
think it consistent with the dignity and decorum
which belong to this place to indulge in such ex-
pressions on the subject as have too often been heard
here. But, so far from finding, in such considera-
tions as these, any ground for relaxing our efforts
in relation to the public moneys, I hold them to be
additional reasons for persevering until our duty
has been accomplished. We are the Representa-
tives of the people. We have something of pe-
culiar constitutional .responsibility for the safety of
the moneys of the people. And because the Exec-
utive, whose discretion we desire to control and
regulate, has seen fit, from any cause—I care not
whether of conscience or of contumacy—to arrest
and resist our interposition, shall we therefore for-
bear altogether, and leave him in undisturbed pos-
session of the Treasury1! I cannot so read our
duty. On the contrary, if there be distrust of the
Executive; if there be disapprobation of his policy
or principles; if there be alarm or apprehension as
to his aims and ends, and as to the means by which
he seeks to accomplish them,—there is the more
reason, in my judgment, for persisting in our at-
tempts, until the public moneys shall be again
placed under legislative secuiities and safeguards.
Sir, if there is fear of a union of purse and sword,
we have that union now, in the very form in which
it first became the subject ol Whig denunciation,
when General Jackson removed the depositee from
the Bank of the United States; and it is for us, if
that union must, in any shape, be continued, at
least to provide that it shall henceforth be a union
regulated and restricted by law.
Thus far, if- is true, our treasury has been in lit-
tle danger. Our poverty has been our protection.
The utter emptiness of the public coffers has made
it almost a matter of indifference who kept the
keys, or whether there weie any keys at all. Can-
tabU vacuus coram lalione. We have enjoyed
something of the security of the penniless tiavel-
ler, who whistles in the fr.ee of the highwayman,
But a different state of things is not far off. I have
no fear that the tariff of "the last session, if only
allowed to go fairly into operation, is about to be so
ruinpus to our revenue as some gentlemen have
prophesied. Let the ability of the people to con-
sume be stimulated until it rises above the famine
standard—above the almost starving and freezing
point—to which an unchecked foreign competition
with their labor has reduced it, and there is noth-
ing in the present scale of duties which will prevent
an ample influx of revenue. The country has seen
higher duties than these, and an overflowing treas-
ury at the same time. Certainly, if the rigor of
the cash payments should be mitigated by the adop-
tion of that warehousing system which, I am
happy to say, has been matured by the Committee
on Commerce this very morning; and if, too, this
House could be prevailed on to impose a moderate,
and, if they please, a.temporary duty on tea and
coffee—a measure which no one would feel as op-
pressive, and which a due regard to the public
credit demands of us, in my judgment, to adopt
before we adjourn—we should witness a very dif-
ferent condition of the finances of the country at
the commencement of the next session. But, at
any rale, full or empty, exuberant or exhausted,
the treasury of the nation ought now and always
to be under legislative regulation and control.
This, sir, is Whig doctrine, E.epublican doctrine,
Democratic doctrine, constitutional doctrine.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have no hesitation in
saying that a national bank, of moderate capita!—
say fifteen or twenty millions at the furthest—with
such limitations and restrictions as the experience
of the last ten years has abundantly suggested, al-
ways has been, and is still, my first choice for the
fiscal agent of the .Government. Nor has the prof-
ligate mismanagement of such an institution which
has recently been exhibited, destroyed or impaired
my confidence in its value. No, sir, no more than
the monstrous misrule to which this nation has
been subjected from time to time, during the last
twelve years, has destroyed my confidence in the
free and glorious form of government under which
we live. I am rash enough to think, too, that this
very moment would be, in many respects, a favor-
able moment for establishing such an institution;
believing that, while our experience of the evils to
which its bad management has exposed us is still
fresh and uneffaeed, a bank would be established
on safer and stricter principles, and on a less magnifi-
cent and dangerous scale, than at almost any time
hereafter. The principles of the President have,
however, rendered this an utterly impracticable
idea.
But there are other modes which might be tried,
and ought to be tried, for the same end. If this
Congress is willing to do nothing else, it might
call upon the Secretary of the Treasury to set down
in black and white, and to present to us in the form
of a statute, his present working plan for keep-
ing, collecting, and disbursing the public funds.
We might examine it, amend it, and give it the
sanction of law. Better have any system, even a
bad one, resting on written law, than no system at
all, or than a bad system resting on mere Executive
will.
So strongly, Mr. Speaker, have I felt the im-
propriety of leaving the custody of the public
treasures of the country longer at the mere discre-
tion of the Executive, that, as events have turned
out, 1 have more than once been inclined to regret
that the sub-treasury system itself was so summa-
rily repealed. Odious and abhorrent as that sys-
tem was regarded, I could hardly bring myself to
vote for its entire repeal at this moment, were it
still in existence, except by voting for the simulta-
neous substitution of something better. And I
will do the justice to the party with which X am
associated here, to say, that I believe it was no part
of their original purpose, at the extra session,, to
repeal that system as an independent measure. It
has often been charged—and oiten,as I think, most
•unjustly charged-—that the Whig party were actua-
ted, at the extra session, by a desire to embarrass
and perplex the President of the United States.
There was far more ground, sir, for charging
them, in some cases, with toogreata willingness to
yield to his suggestions. Thai accusation of a
spirit of compliancc, which the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wisjs] arrayed against
us the other day, has, m my opinion, much more
of foundation; though, perhaps, it hardly lies wiih
the President's immediate friends to cast it in our
teeth. The outright repeal of the sub-treasury
system, as a separate act, was, as I understand it, a
measure of complaisance to the Executive. Its
history was on this wise. The first bank charter
had passed, and was under Executive advisement.
Its signature would have repealed the sub-treasury
system prospectively; its veto would have left
that system standing permanently. A suggestion
was made, from some quarter or other, that the
President took this course unkindly; that it looked
like a purpose to make him either sign the bank
charter, or be responsible for the continuance of a
system which he himself admitted had been cou-
this is not the only part of the exchequer
'or which, under all circumstances, I am dis-
demned. It was thought that it would put him in
better humor for a favorable consideration of the
bank, if he were relieved from this predicament.
And upon this hint the sub-treasury repeal bill was
hastily carried through. For one, I can hardly
help regretting that such a course was takeri. I
would rather have left the sub-treasury system oil
the statute-book, on the joint responsibility of those
who originated it and of those who prevented the
adoption of the proposed substitute, until some
third system should have been devised. We
might have taken out the teeth of the monster.
We might have extracted the poison from its fangs.
We might have abolished the specie clause—a
provision which, as Mr. Gallatin has well remark-
ed, was operative against those banks alone which
continued to pay in specie—" a warfare directed
exclusively against those institutions which per-
formed their duty, and, not without difficulty, sus-
tained a sound currency." Andperhaps other ben-
eficial modifications might have been engrafted
on it at a future day. But, as a system for keep-
ing the public moneys, it was at least better than
none, and might better have been left "until we
could agree upon something to take its place.
After the expression of these views, Mr. Speak-
er, no one can be surprised when I say that Tpre-
fer to adopt that part of the exchequer plan -which
provides for the custody and disbursement of the
public funds, todoingnothing;andthat lam therefore
entirely unwilling to cut myself off from the op-
portunity of supporting so much at least of the
President's plan, by voting for the resolution be-
fore us.
But
plan for .... , .
posed to vote. I am not one of those who hold
that the duty of the Government on this subject
ends with making provision for the management
of its own finances, I am no subscriber to the
doctrine which was heard a few years ago—that
the Government should look out for itself, and
should let the people look out for themselves. On
the contrary, in relation both to revenue and to
finance, the interests of the people should be em-
braced in every consideration of the wants of the
Government, Especially, at a moment of such
commercial embarrassment and depression as'the
present, we should contemplate, if possible, no
measure of relief to the treasury, which does not
hold out some hope of relief to the community
also. We all regret—aH of us, at least, who con-
stitute the majority in this House—that circum-
stances have prevented us from doing what we de-
sired to do in this behalf. But, if we cannot do
all that we wish, let us not fail to do all that we
conscientiously and constitutionally can, trusting
to other and greater opportunities for the ultimate
fulfilment of our desires.
Now, sir, I am one of those who believe that a
simple issue of fifteen or twenty millions of ex-
chequer notes, redeemable m specie at sight, (and
I would pieferthem redeemable in the city of New
York alone, or, at most, at one or two other points,)
and resting on a basis sufficient to secure their re-
deemability from all danger and all doubt, at any
and every instant when they might be presented,
would be a very considerable convenience and re-
lief, both to the Government and the people. Gov-
ern ment paper is, indeed, no prime favorite of
mine, in any form. I regret that we have been
under the necessity of resorting to it at all. But, as
we have lived upon it already for five or six years,
and seem not likely, at present, to obtain a national
medium of circulation of any other kind, I am
willing to try it in the most convenient shape. Nor
can I agree with gentlemen who pronounce such a
medium, based upon specie even to the extent of
dollar for dollar, as not worth having. Something
a little more liberal, so it were safe, might un-
doubtedly be preferable. Something more liberal
would, indeed, be indispensable, so far as any re-
lief to the treasury is concerned; and the President's
plan accordingly makes provision for basing an
issue of fifteen millions of notes upon five millions
of specie, and five millions of Government bonds
to be negotiated as needed. Increase the authority
to issue bonds to the full amount which might be
necessary in any emergency for redeeming the en-
tire issue of notes, and the safety of such a pro-
vision could hardly be questioned. The bonds
would, in all probability, never be called for; and
the treasury would have an addition of ten millions
to its resources at a moment when such an addi-
| tion may be absolutely indispensable to the preserva*
