-'314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION AL Gl OBB.
Jan. 1843.
. £7tH Gong-
•3D SE8S.
The Exchequer—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
tio>nof the public credit. But the mere substitu-
tion of paper for metal is certainly-a great conve-
®ieneetothe people; and gentlemen iorget one of
lbs heads of their old arguments against a hard-
.Htoney currency, when they spurn such a substitu-
tion as so utteriy worthless and contemptible. Such
a paper would be convenient for local payments,
convenient for treasury payments, and, more espe-
cially, convenient as a medium of exchange.
Even treasury notes, as now issued, at interest, and
On time, are acknowledged to have been a great
. convenience and relief in all these respects. Indeed,
.it is almost impossible to conceive how the business
either of the treasury or of the people could have
been conducted, during the difficulties and distresses
of the last five years, without the aid of such an in-
strument of receipt and payment.
Mr. Speaker, there are other features of the Ex-
ecutive plan of an exchequer about which 1 have
many misgivings, and for which, I confess, I do
not see my way clear to vote. I refer particularly
to the power to' purchase bills of exchange. There
is certainly great room to apprehend that such a
p wer would not be exercised wisely, even if it
were exercised honestly, by those to whom it is
proposed to be intrusted. In such hands it would
undoubtedly be liable to great abuses, both from
ignorance and from intention. I have the strongest
reluctance, too, to making any part of our fiscal
system dependent on the assent of the States—a
condition without which this exchange power
could hardly receive the sanction of the President.
I confess, sir, it is rather late in the day for some
of us to take umbrage at this condition. My ven-
erable colleague [Mr. Adams] and the honorable
member from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] are per-
haps the only members on our side of the House
who are privileged to carp at it. All the rest of us
voted for a most miserable compromise of this
State assent in the first bank charter of the extra
session; and we all remember the opening thunders
of the gentleman from Kentucky on that occasion.
We gave those votes with an honest desire to satisfy
the President's conscience, but they only served to
wound our own; and, for one, I am more willing
to cry peccavi in relation to that vote, than to have
at recorded as a precedent for my future action.
Nor do I believa that this exchange feature of the
bill, under all the limitations and restrictions which
must be imposed upon it, would be so very great
a boon to the country. Public opinion, in some
quarters of the country certainly, has undergone
great mutations on the subject of exchanges. Gov-
ernment regulation of exchanges is much less called
for than it used to be. As the local currencies of
the country become sound, the enormous rates of
exchange are found to disappear. The aid which
is now demanded of the Government, is aid through
the medium of cur-rency; and to supply this aid to
the exchanges, is undoubtedly as far as any positive
duty of the Government can extend. The sub-
stitution of gold for silver, as the main ingredient
ct our metallic medium, (as is strongly stated by
my respected predecessor, [Mr. Appleton,] in his
able pamphlet on the currency,) has exerted a most
salutary influence in lessening the rates of ex-
change. While the transportation of silver would
hardly have been attempted between New York
and Boston, for instance, with an exchange below
one per cent., gold is transpoited from one city to
the other belorethe exchange can rise to a quarter
of one per cent. But I will not dwell longer on
the subject oi exchanges, nor, indeed, on any of the
other features of the exchequer system. When
the bill itself shall come up fur consideration, there
will be ample opportunity for discussing its de-
tails; and I intend to leave myself at liberty to vote
as I shall then think fit upon each and every part
ot the plan. Meantime, I have said enough to
show that, though not readv to pledge myself to
the entire Executive project, I am ready to adopt, if
noshing better is proposed, some portions, if not the
whole, of the bills which have been reported in
the Senate and in the House. In so doing I shall
vote for that which many persons, in whose lud"-
mentl have the highest confidence, consider alto-
gether harmless; for that which many other per-
sons (and myself among the number) regard as
likely to be positively beneficial; and for that which
not a lew persons in the nation will never believe
is not the genuine specific, the matchless sanative
for ad tne troubles of the country, until it has been
tried and found wanting. Above all, sir, I shall
vote for that which may give something of at least
temporary rest and repose to the public mind on
this long-vexed question of the currency, and which
may satisfy the people that there is no purpose in
any quarter to keep the wounds of the body politic
open and bleeding, in order to excite party sympathy
and stimulate party struggle two years hence.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to a few remarks on
the report and resolution before us. And before
making them, I beg leave to bear my humble tes-
timony to theability, integrity, and patriotism of
the honorable chairman, [Mr. Fillmore,] by whom
th'e report has been prepared. I respond most cor-
dially to the tones of honest indignation with which
he yesterday repelled an infamous slander upon
himself and his colleagues. 1 trust that, m dis-
senting from some of the doctrines of the report, I
shall not seem wanting in regard and respect for its
author.
The report admits, on one of its earliest pages,
that, if it were possible to have such an institution, -
without increasing Executive power, or endanger-
ing the treasury, which should be administered by
men of undoubted talents and integrity, it is capa-
ble of rendering some service both to the business
wants of the country and the financial embarrass-
ments of the treasury. It immediately adds, how-
ever, "that to hope for this, is to expect a change in
human nature itself, and in the ordinary motives
that govern the conduct of men, and especially po-
litical men, little less than miraculous. Our insti-
tutions are based upon no such theory of human
perfectibility."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the honorable chairman must
pardon me for saying, that if this exchequer plan of
the President is too much based oil a theory of hu-
man perfectibility, it really seems to me that his le-
port runs quite as far to the other extreme, and rests
its objections to the plan too much on a theory of to-
tal depravity and universal corruption. This, if I
mistake not, is the great peculiarity of the report.
Its arguments are able ana forcible; but they are
almost all of them arguments from abuse. Every
possible evil which such an institution may pro-
duce, if intrusted to dishonest hands, is exhibited in
its most alarming aspect. The advantages which
it might render, if administered by honest agents,
are disposed of a good deal more summarily. It
really occurred to me, as I read this report, that my
honorable friend might have taken as his text, in
writing it, the saying of—Iforget what statesman or
philosopher of ancient Greece—that the only safety
in relation to human government was distrust, dis-
trust, distrust; or, as a Roman poet conveyed the
same idea, "ma salus, nullam sperare salutem."
Sir, it is not to be denied that something of distrust
is useful m relation to all human governments,
and more especially in relation to our own Gov-
ernment. But it is equally undeniable that some
degree of confidence—that" a great deal of confi-
dence—is not only useful, but absolutely indis-
pensable to the successful operation of every gov-
ernment, and even to the very existence of a free
Government. It is true, our institutions are not
based on a theory of human perfectibility; but they
are based on a theory of human morality, integrity,
and virtue. This is the distinctive feature of free
Governments. It was laid down truly by Montes-
quieu^ long ago, that the foundation principle of a
despotism was fear; of monarchy, honor; but of a
republic, virtue. There must be public virtue as
well as private virtue—virtue in the Government,
as^ well as. virtue among the people. The two
things are, in fact, inseparable for any long period
oftime; for a virtuous people will either expel a
corrupt administration, or a corrupt administration
will debauch a virtuous people. If virtue, there-
fore, shall indeed have taken its final flight from
our public councils, and from those who preside
over them, as this report would almost seem to in-
timate—vain, vain will be the attempt to bolster up
our political fabric by any more artificial machin-
ery, or to prevent its downfall by any degree of dis-
trustful vigilance. Sir, if such be really the de-
plorable and desperate condition of our Republic,
the passage of this resolution will do nothing to
save it from ruin, nor will the adoption of the ex-
chequer plan be at all responsible for its overthrow.
It will fall by its own weakness and its own weight
like any other structure whbse corner-stone has
already crumbled into dust.
But I do not apprehend so disastrous a catastrophe
at present. I freely admit that we have had no
great encouragement to cherish any very implicit
trust in our rulers for some years past. Within
|as^ year even, we have seen demonstrations
and heard declarations but too well.caleulatcdHo
check the flow, if not entirely to congeal the cur-
rent, of that tide of returning confidence which
came out to greet the accession of a new Adminis-
tration. But I am not willing to believe that the
age of virtuous politics is gone forever, I trust
that we may again see at the head of this Republic
men who have stood there in its early days-
men like those we have seen there in years wilhin
our own remembrance—men who will feel, in enter-
ing upon public office, that they have been called to
no pitiful job, but to a sacred function—men who
may be addressed in the words, though certainly
not in the spirit, in which Macbeth was addressed
by—the demi-demon, I had almost said—with whom
his destiny was associated:
"What thou would'st highly, that would'st thou holily;
Art not without ambition, but without
The illness should attend it."
And, sir, if such a day should again arrive, how
would the petty and paltry contentions which em-
bitter and embroil us here, and in the prosecution
of which the true interests of the nation are so often
forgotten and neglected, be hushed into silence!
How would the public prosperity revive, the pub-
lic peace be restored, the confidence of the people in
the Government be reassured, and the public faith
resume again, in the eyes of all the world, that robe
of stainless and inviolate sanctity with which it was
first clothed by the fathers of the Republic.
But, at all events, Mr. Speaker, whether this
hope be realized or not, I do not think it quite time
yet to base our systems, or our objections to sys-
tems, on a theory of universal corruption and cor-
ruptibility; or even upon the doctrine of my hon-
orable friend who has just taken his seat, [Mr.
Barnard,] that public office is the very worst
school of morals on this side the penitentiary.
This report would really seem to trust nobody in
relation to finance and currency,—not the President,
not the Secretary, not the subordinate executive
agents, not the Senate, not the House of Repre-
sentatives, not each individually, not all conjointly.
The President will abuse the veto power; the Presi-
dent and Senate will abuse the appointing and re-
moving power; the Secretary and subordinate
agents will abuse their authority to keep the pub-
lic moneys; and the Congress of the United States,
even should it restrict the issues of exchequer notes
within a proper limit at the outset, will run into ru-
inous excesses in the end. "As you cannot check
or control Congress on this subject, (says the re-
port,) it would follow that we ought not to attwnpt
to exercise this power."
Why, sir, it is as mtich as ever that even a
United States Bank can find a loophole of escape
from the universal discredit in which the report
deals. There is too much foundation for the re-
mark of the minority of the committee, that some
of the objections of the majority to this exchequer
scheme^ apply equally to a national bank. As such
an institution, however, was unquestionably in-
tended to be excepted from any terras of distrust,
I wish now to say a word or two on some of the
expressions and some of the implications of the
report on that subject.
The report seems to lay a little too much stress
on what it denominates the watchful caution of the
interested stockholders of such a bank. The pri-
vate capital of a national bank is undoubtedly a
great security for the safety of the Government de-
posites; but the vigilance of stockholders has proved
thus far to be a most miserable ground of reliance.
Where has been the watchful caution of interested
stockholders in thecountlessdefalcationsand frauds
which have recently involved us in so much dis-
tress at home, and so much disgrace abroad? This
Argus of self-interest may have a hundred eyes
but it has never used one of them. It has been
drugged and posseted into perfect blindness. The
stockholders of our banks—and it ought to be
spoken to their shame—have looked to nothing but
the dividends, as lung as there were any dividends
to look to; while the directors,clerks, and cashiers
have exercised unlimited control over their cer«
cerns.
(sir, I have already said that a national bank was
my first choice for the fiscal agent of this Govern-
ment; and, so far as this report goes in asserting or
in implying that such an institution is the first
choice of the committee, I most heartily agree with,
it. But if it is intended tp be implied that there is
no second choice—that this Government can, un-
der no circumstances and in no emergency, em-
ploy any other fiscal machinery—I must dissent
from the doctrine, I have no fancy for independent
