116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 184.3,
27th Cong .3d Skss.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
country that he advised him to stay—at least till
that negotiation was concluded. "Thinking 1 was
in a post where I was in the service of the coun-
try, (says Mr. Webster himself, in this Faneuil
Hall speech,) and could do it good, I staid there.
I leave it to you to-day to say—I leave it to my
country to say, whether the country would have
been better off if I had left also. 1 have- no attach-
ment to office. I have tasted of its sweets, but I
have tasted of its bitterness. I am content with
what I have achieved; I am more ready to rest sat-
isfied with what is gained, than to run the risk of
doubtful efforts for new acquisitions." Who doubts,
sir, that Mr. Webster has tasted of the bitterness of
office as well as of its sweets! Who doubts that he
has had his perplexities and provocations during
the political hurly-burly of the last two years, aS
well as we ours! And who denies that, amid them
all, he has discharged the peculiar and most respon-
sible duties of his post with unsurpassed ability and
success! He has rendered great services to his
country—services which will prevent the present
Administration, unfortunate and odious as it may
have been in many respects, Irom being quite so
mere a parenthesis on the page of history as was at
one time suggested. The treaty of Washington
can never be passed over, in the future perusal of
our annals, "without destroying the sense." It may
not catch the eye of the cursory reader, indeed, so
quickly as if it were written in letters of blood; nor
may it occupy so large a space as the dread alter-
native it has averted; but it will be inscribed in
characters which will rivet, as with a charm, the
attention and admiration ol every thoughtful patriot
and every true philanthropist, and which will con-
tinually acquire fresh lustre with the advancing
progress of civilization and Christianity. The light
which flashes from the sword of the successful war-
rior may dazzle for a day, or even for an age; but
a far more enduring radiance will encircle the
names of those who have reconciled the proud and
angry spirits of two mighty nations, and have hon-
orably secured for them both the unspeakable bless-
ing of peace.
Mr. Webster has been charged with great and
glaring inconsistencies on the subject of the curren-
cy and the Constitution; and this exchequer project
is declared to be in direct contradiction to the doc-
trines of his whole previous political life. Now,
sir, I am not going to argue this point. I have no
idea that I could argue it to anybody's satisfaction
if I should try. I will not pretend to say that this
plan does not, in my opinion, contain provisions
which Mr. Webster has opposed and condemned
in other connexions and unaerother circumstances.
But this I will say: that the great and leading idea
of almost all his speeches against the sub-treasury
system was, thai u was an entire abandonment of
the power and duty of the General Government to
regulate the currency and the exchanges. Wher-
ever he addressed the people—in Wall street or in
State street, at Saratoga orat Bunker Hill—this was
the burden of his argument. And, so far as this
argument is concerned, he is entirely consistent in
advocating the exchequer plan. But if it were not
so, Mr. Speaker, I confess that I have yet to see
evidence that, when arraigned, in reference to this
project, on the mcrescoreof consistency, Mr. Web-
ster might not avail himself of the answer of an
Athenian orator on a similar occasion, and say. "I
may have acted contrary to myself', but I have not
acted contrary to the Kopublic." The merits of
this measure, if it has any, are certainly indepen-
dent of any man's consistency. It has been devised
under circumstances unlike any which ever existed
before in the history of this country, and unlike, I
heartily hope, any which will ever exist again It
has oeen brought forward, as I believe, in good
t&iih, and with an honest purpose for the public
welfare. If any part of it, or the whole ol it, is re-
garded as unwise, inexpedient, or unsafe by this
tiouse or by the country; it it be really ."the'terri-
ble machine' which the report declares it to be,
which would "overwhelm the treasury with bank-
ruptcy, corrupt the Government, and lay a founda-
tion for the mo>t dangerous political favoritism and
universal corruption;" and if it be really "incapa-
ble of any modification which would justify its
adoption," let it tie rejected. These opinions of
tiie committee, howerer, as I have before suggest-
ed, appear to me exceedingly extravagant. 1 have
seen no occasion for such a hue-and-cry against the
plan, nor for such reproaches upon its author; and
.V",j a^co™'nsiy telt bound tosayso, in uiterdis-
regard of any imputations to which such a course
may subject me.,
SPEECH OF Mr. BENTON,
of missouri,
hi Senate, Thursday, February 2, 1843—On the
Oregon bill.
Mr. BENTON said: On one point there is una-
nimity on this -floor; and that is, as to the title to the
country in question. All agree that the title ii in
the United States. On another point there is di-
vision; and that is, on the point of giving offence to
England, by granting the land to our settlers which
the bill proposes. On this point we divide. Some
think it will offend her—some think it will not.
For my part, I think she will take offence, do what
we may m relation to this territory. She wants it
herself, and means to quarrel for it, if she does not
fight for it. I think she will take offence at our
bill, and even at our discussion of it. The nation
that could revive the question of impressment in
1812—which could direct a peace mission to revive
that question—the nation that can insist upon the
right of searoh, and which was ready to go to war
with us for what gentlemen call a 'few acres of
barren ground in a frozen region,—the nation that
could do these things, and whichhas set up a claim
to our territory on the western coast of our own
continent, must be ripe and ready to take ofFenee
at anything that we may do. I grant that she will
take offence; bu t that is not the question with me.
Has she a right to take offence'? That is my
question! and this being decided in the negative, 'I
neither fear nor calculate consequences. I take
for my rule of action the maxim of President Jack-
son in his controversy with France—ask nothing
but what is right, submit to nothing wrong, and
leave the consequences to God and the coun-
try. That maxim brought us safely and honorably
out of our little difficulty with France, notwithstand-
ing the fears which so many then entertained; and
it will do the same with Great Britain, in spite of
our present apprehensions. Courage will keep her
off; fear will bring her upon us. The assertion of
our rights will command her respect; the fear to
assert them will bring us her contempt. The ques-
tion, then, with me, is the question of right, and not
of fear! Is it right for us to make these grants on
the Columbia! Has Great Britain jnst cause to
be offended at it! These are my questions; and
these being answered to my satisfaction, I go for-
ward with the grants, and leave the consequences
-to follow at their pleasure.
I maintain that the passage of this bill, and these
grants to the settlers, can give no just ground of
offence to Great Britain; and this opinion is the
regular deduction from the unanimous opinion of
this chamber, that the title to the territory is in the
United States. Surely the owner may do what
he pleases with his own. But gentlemen say that
the exercise of these rights is limited by the con-
vention of 1818. Not so in my opinion, nor upon
the words of the convention. Those words apply
only to the usufruct of the territory—to rights of
fishing, hunting, trading, and navigation. They
do not affect pre-existing rights, They do not
touch the question of sovereignty. They are, as
the Senator from New Hampshire on my right
[Mr. Woodbgry] has well shown, words which
are found in many treaties, and which have no re-
lation to the sovereign rights of the parties. They
are, besides, found in our British treaty of the last
summer, and apply to the portages belonging to the
United States between the Lake Superior and the
Lake of the Woods, the use of which is made
free and open to each party. To say nothing of
other portages, the Grand Portage itself is sufficient
to raise the question, and to try it. That portage
is within the acknowledged limits of the United
States—even the limits fixed in the mutilating
treaty of 18k1. It is a portage of nine miles in
length, and six miles within our limits; and. bv
the words of the late treaty, this portage is to be
free and open to the use of both parties. Does this
affect our sovereignty! Will it prevent us from
granting the land! Will it prevent us from occu-
pying and settling the Grand Portage—that gieat
seat of trade and empire among the Indians—and
placing a custom-house, a fort, and American set-
tlers there! According to the argument of gentle-
men, this will be the consequence. If their^argu-
ment is good for the Columbia, it is good for the
Grand Portage; and we are to be debarred forever
from the use of that grand position. I say forever-
for this part of the treaty of 1842 is perpetual; and'
it brings back the British Fur Company to this an-
cientseat of trade and power, from which Mr. Jay'o
treaty removed them forty years ago. Gentlemen
must be prepared to go this length, if they adhere
to their construction of the convention of 1818.
They must deny us the exercise of territorial
rights at the Grand Portage, .andat thirty-six other
portages on the west of Lake Superior, where the
joint occupation of the British will be, as it is on
the Columbia, an exclusive possession on their
parti and where this treaty of 1842 grants them
exemption from the payment of duties. The Brit-
ish possession of the Columbia is now sovereign and
exclusive. Their convenient agent, the Hudson,
Bay Company, does everything for them; and the
British Government has declared to ours that they
will protect this company, and that on both sides
of the river. This is" insult and defiance to us.
This company has built forts, erected mills,
opened farms, stocked them with animals, and
planted a colony. Their forts include a triangle
of seven hundred miles on every side: one of them,
approaching the south pass in the Rocky Moun-
tains—our gate through the mountain, and only
two hundred and fifty miles from it. The British,
through this company, (which is to them in North
America, .what the East India Company is to them
in Asia,) have taken sovereign possession of terri-
tory unanimously declared on this floor to belong
to us: and we are to be restrained from making
grants of land to our settlers, lest we give offence to
her. She is not to fear offending us, by taking
possession of our territory; but we are to fear of-
fending her, by using a little of our own! This is
the effect of the argument, if not its words! And
aparallel is run between her condition and ours, to
show that she is ready for war, and we are not: and,
therefore, we must do nothing. Sir, it is no fault
of mine if we are not ready for war. I proposed
to de vote the surplus revenue to that object, instead
of giving it to the States, to whom it has been a
curse. If it had been so devoted, we should not
now be without revenue to support the Government
—without defence to resist aggression—without
the means of protecting our rights, or commanding
foreign respect. But, I do not yield to the argu-
ment, I will not fear Great Britain, because she
is ready, and we are not ready, for war. If we
have not all the means, we have the main means
of .war—those which command all other means—
a courageous and patriotic population, ready to
stake life and fortune in defence of the honor, the
rights, and the interests of their country.
The fear of Great Britain is pressed upon us;
at the same time her pacific disposition is enforced
and insisted upon. And here, it seems to me,
Snf• Sent^eIneu fall into a grievous inconsistency.
While they^ dwell on the peaceable disposition of
Great Britain, they show her ready to go to war
with us for nothing, or even for our own! The
Northeastern boundary is called a dispute for a
few acres of barren land in a frozen region, worth
nothing; yet we are called upon to thank God Al-
mighty and Daniel Webster for saving us from
a war about these few frozen and barren acres.
Would Grea't Britain have gone to war with us
for these few acres! and is that a sign of her pa-
cific tamper! The Columbia is admitted on all
hands 1o be ours; yet gentlemen fear war with
Great Britain if we touch it—worthless as it is
in their eyes. Is this a sign of peace! Is it a
pacific disposition to go to war with us, for what
is our own; and which is, besides, according to
their opinion, not worth a straw! II this peaceful?
If it is, I should like to know what is hostile. The
late special minister is said to have come here,
bearing the olive branch of peace in his hand.
Granting that the olive branch was in one hand,
what was in the other! Was not Ihe war question
of impressment in the other! also, the war ques-
tion of search, on the coast of Africa! also, the
wai question of the Columbia, which he refused
to include m the peace treaty! Were not these
three war questions in the other hand!—to say
no..ling of the Caroline, for which he refused
atonement; and the Creole, which he says would
nave occasioned the rejection of the treaty, if
named 111 AH these war questions were in the
other hand; and the special mission, having ac-
complished its peace object in getting possession
of the military frontiers of Maine, has adjourned
all the war questions to London, where we may
follow them if we please. But there is one of
these subjects for which we need not go to Lon-
don—the Creole, and its kindred cases. The con-
ference of Lord Ashburton with the Aboliioix
Committee of New York shows that that question
