i84s;
APFJSNDtX 1*0 TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
m
27th Cokg---3d Sisss.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Butler.
H. of Reps.
aeed not go to London—that England means to
maintain all her grounds on the subject of slaves,
and that any treaty inconsistent with these grounds
would be rejected. This is what he says:
"Lord Ashburton said that, when the delegation came to read
his correspondence with Mr. Webster, they would see that he
had taken all possible care to prevent any injury being done to
the people of color; that, if he had been willing to introduce an
article including cases similar to that of the Cr -oie, his Gov-
ernment would never have ratified it, as they will adhere to
the great principles they have eo long avowed and momtained;
and that the friends of the slave in England would be very
watchful to see that no wrong practice took place undei the
tenth aiticle."
This is what his Lordship said in New York,
and which shows that it was not want ol instruc-
tions to act on the Creole case, as alleged m Mr.
Webster's correspondence, but want of mcliuation
in the British Government to settle the case. The
treaty would have been rejected, if the Creole case
had been named in it; and if we had had a proto-
col showing that fact, I presume the important
note of Lord Ashburton would have stood for as
little m the eyes of other Senators as it did m
mine, and that the treaty would have found but
few supporters. The Creole case would not be
admitted into the treaty; and what was put in it, is
to give the friends of the slaves in England a right
to watch us, and to correct our wrong practices
under the treaty! This is what the protocol afier
the treaty informs us; and if we had had a proto-
col before it, it is probable that there would have
been no occasion for this conference with the New
York Abolitionists,- Be that as it may, the peace
mission, with its olive branch in one band, brought
a budget of war questions in the otiier, and has
carried them all back to London, to become the
subject of future negotiations. All these subjects
are pregnant with danger. One of them will force
itself upon us in five years—the search question—
which we have purchased off for a time; and when
the purchase is out, we must purchase again, or
submit to be searched, or resist with arms. Ire-
peat it: the pacific. England has a budget of war
questions now m reserve for us, and that we can-
not escape them by fearing war. Neither nations
nor individuals ever escaped danger by fearing it.
They must face it, and defy it. An abandonment
of a right, tor fear of bringing on an attack, instead
of keeping it off, will mvitably bring on the out-
rage that is dreaded.
Other objections are urged to this bill, to which
I cannot agree. The distance is objected to it. It
is said to be 18,000 miles by water, (around Cape
Horn,) and above 3,000 miles by land and water,
through the continent. Granted. The very dis-
tance, by Cape Horn, was urged by me, twenty
years ago, as a reason for occupying and fortifying
the mouth of the Columhia. My argument was,
that we had merchant ships and ships of war in
the North Pacific ocean; that these vessels were
20,000 miles trom an Atlantic port; that a port on
the western coast of America was indispensable
to their safety; and that it would be suicidal m us to
abandon the port we have there to any power, and
especially to the most formidable and domineering
na?al power which the world ever saw. Ajid I in-
stanced the case of Commodore Porter, his prizes
lost, and his own ship eventually captured in a neu-
tral port, because we had no port of our own to re-
ceive and shelter him. The 20,000 miles distance,
and dangerous and tempestous cape to be doubled,
were with me arguments in favor of a port on the
western coast of America, and, as such, urged on
this floor near twenty years ago. The distance
through the continent is also objtcled to, I; is said to
exceed 3,000 miles. Granted. But it is further
than that to Africa, where wepioposeto build up
a colony of negroes out of our recaptured Africans.
Our eighty-gun fleet is to carry her intercepted
slaves to Liberia: so says the correspondence of the
naval captains (Belt and Paine) with Mr. Web-
ster. Hunting in couples with the British, si an
expense of money (to say nothing of the loss of
lives and ships) of 8600,000 per annum, to recap-
ture kidnapped negroes, we are to carrv them to
Liberia, and build up a black colonv there, 4,000
miles from us, while the Columbia is too far off
for a white colony! The English are to catrv
their redeemed captives to Jamaica, and make
apprentices of them for life. We are to carry ours
to Liberia; and then we must go to Liberia to pro-
tect and defend them. Liberia is 4,000 miles dis-
tant, and not objected to on account of the dis-
tance: the Columbia is not so far, and distance
beeomes a formidable objection,
The expense is brought forward as another ob-
jection, and repeated, notwithstanding the decisive
answer it has received from my colleague. He
has shown that itis but a fraction of the expense of
the African squadron; that this squadron is the
one-twelfth part of our whole naval establishment,
which is to cost us seven millions of dollars per
annum, and that the annual cost of the squadron
mast be near $GOO,CIOO, and its expense tor five
years three millions. For the iorts in the Oregon
bill—forts which are only to be stockades and
block-houses, for security against the Indians—for
these forts, only $100,U00 is appropriated; being
the sixth part of the annual expense, and the thir-
tieth part of the whole expense, of the African fleet.
Thus the objection of expense becomes futile and
ridiculous. But why this everlasting objection of
expense to everything Western'! Our dragoons
dismounted, because, they say, horses are too ex-
pensive. The Western rivers unimproved, on ac-
count of the expense. No Western armory, because
of the expense. Yet hundreds of thousands, and
millions, for the African squadron!
Another great objection to the hill is the land
clause—the grants of land to the settler, his wife,
and his children. Gentlemen say they will vote
for the bill if that clause is stricken out; and 1 say,
Iwill vote against it if that clause is strickenout. It
is, in fact, the whole strength and essence of the
bill. Without these grants, the bill will be worth
nothing. Nobody will go three thousand miles to
settle a new country, unless he gets land by it.
The whole power of the bill is in this clause; and if
it is stricken out, the friends of the bill will give it
up. They will give it up now, and wait for the
next Congress, when the full representation of the
•people, under the new census, will be in power,
and \vhen a more auspicious result might be ex-
pected.
Time is invoked, as the agent that is to help us.
Gentlemen object to the present time, refer us to
the future, and beg us to wait, and rely upon time
and negotiations to accomplish all our wishes.
Alas ! time and negotiation have been fatal agents
to us, m all our discussions with Great Britain.
Time has been constantly working for her, and
against us. She now has the exclusive possession
of the Columbia; and all she wants is lime, to ripen
her possession into title. For above twenty years
—from the time of Dr. Floyd's bill, in 1820, down
to the present moment—the present time, for vin-
dicating our rights on the Columbia, has been con-
stantly objected to; and we were bidden to wait.
Well, we have waited : and what have we got by
it"! Insult and defiance !—a declaration from the
British ministers that large British interests have
grownup on the Columbia during this time, which
they will protect!—and a flat refusal from the
olive-branch minister to include this question
among those which his peaceful mission was to
settle! No, sir; time and negotiation have been bad
agents for us, in our controversies with Great Brit-
ain. They have just lost us the military frontiers
of Maine, which we had held for sixty years; and
the trading frontier of the Northwest, which we
had held for the same time. Sixty years' posses-
sion, and eight treaties, secured these ancient and
valuable boundaries: one negotiation, and a few days
of time, have taken them from us 1 And so it may
be again. The Webster treaty of 1842 has obliter-
ated the great boundaries of 1783—placed the Brit-
ish, their fur company and their Indians, within
our ancient limits: and I, for one, want no more
treaties from the hand which is always seen on the
side of the British. I go now for vindicating our
rights on the Columbia; and, as the first step to-
wards it, passing this bill, and making these grants
of land, which will soon place the thirty or forty
thousand rifles beyond the Rocky Mountains, which
will be our effective negotiators.
SPEECH OF MR. BUTLER,
OF KENTUCKY.
In the House of Representatives, January 11, 18-13—
On the proposition to restore the fine to Geneial
Jackson.
Mb. Speaker: Although there is, perhaps, not a
gentleman around me less in love with the music
of his own voice within these walls, than I with
mine, yet there are occasions—and this is one of
them—on which I do not feel myself at liberty to
follow the natural bent of my own inclination. It
is known to you, sir, and to many others in this
hall, that I belonged to the Southern army, com-
manded by General Jackson, in the years 1814 and
1815. It will, therefore, be presumed, and cor-
rectly presumed, that lam somewhat familiar witlj.
the leading facts and circumstances which led to
the declaration and enforcement of martial law,
and for which the fine proposed to be remitted by
the bill now under consideration was inflicted, it
is also known to you, sir—at least it is well known
to my constituents—that Ihave ever been the warm
personal and political friend of that distinguished
gentleman. Nay, sir, that I was once, but not then,
a member of his military family. Under all these
circumstances, were I to remain silent, and listen
to such a debate as that to which this subject has
given rise, there could be buc one of two opinions
formed as to the cause ol that silence. It would
either be said that I deenjed the conduct of General
Jackson utterly indefensible, or that 1 shiiink from
that defence. Neither of them shall be said in ad-
vance, whatever else may be said when I shall
have taken my seat.
What, sir, is the proposition before us1? Simply
to restore to General Jackson the amount ot a fine,
inflicted, as he contends, for the peiformance of an
act of imperative duty, and one essential to the
service of the country. And yet, sir, I see with
equal pain and surprise that this simple proposi-
tion, which ought to depend upon truth and justice
alone, is fast assuming, if it has not already as-
sumed, a decided party character. I am asked,
on my right and on my left, why the Democratic
party did not pass such a law when in pow-
er"? Do gentlemen who make this inquiry
wish to leave the inference that the Democratic
party have shrunk from doing so"? This no one
does or can believe. Why should this be
peculiarly a Democratic measure'! Had the
Whigs no part in the defence of New Orleans'?
Were none of them, or none of their friends, therel
If they i cherish no proud recollections of that
glorious defence, and are willing to yield up all
to the Democratic parly, then, indeed, there might
be some pretence for making this a party question.
But, sir, I know it is far otherwise; I know that
every patriot in the land feels his heart bound
prouder within him, as his eye falls on that im-
mortal page in his country's history; and he feels
that such achievements are a nation's, not a party's
wealth. Still I hear the question repeated on
all sides, "why is this measure forced upon a
Whig Congress1!" It may be, sir, for the express
purpose of affording that party the opportunity to
prove to the world that justice andmagnanimity are
still to be found in its ranks; or it may be for pre-
cisely the opposite reason. I understand, how-
ever, it has been done in obedience to the voice of
public sentiment—acting, no doubt, on the known
wishes of General Jackson to be released from a fine
which he believes unjust, and therefore, and there-
fore only, oppressive. If my wish were to make po-
litical capital, and I could consent to resort to such a
measure for such a purpose, nothing could please
me more than to witness the party bias attempted
to be given to it. Sir, will your party, with all its
knowledge and talents, never have the wisdom to
appreciate the American people'! Lay this question
before them in your next canvass, and you will at
least learn that ingratitude and injustice to those
who have freely periled their lives in defence of
their country form no part of their character.
Before I proceed farther upon the merits of the
question under consideration, permit me to say a
lew words in reply to part of the speech of the
venerable gentlemen, [Mr. Adams,]—not on its
merits. Iwill first read from the Globe's-report
of that speech the following paragraph:
"Rumors were afloat—he couM not, offonr^e, vouch for their
truth—that the great presidential question between the va-
rious divisions of the Democratic party was to be ultimately
dcr.ided by General Jackson himself. It-eerciuHobc given out
that he was to be the president of the national Democratic con-
vention; and who knew what the r^pult would bet Such were
the rumors which were afloat. From wlut the House had
seen, it, was clear that all thp divisions of the paiv were humble
suitois for the good-will or neutrality ofOeneral Jackson. He
did not expressly a«s'gn the paragraph in the message of the
President to that purpose. -The President alone knew what
weie his motives; and, therefoie, he (Mr. A.) would not say
thit this was a bid in the great auction. If it was, however, a
hid, he would say that it was not a very good one. He thought
the ''war-worn veteran" would say that such a bid won't no.*
At any rate, he wished to have the trial made, by putting the
bill in precisely thp. same terms recommended by the Presi-
dent, in order to s«e whether the "war-worn veteran" would
take it."
Now, sir, I will not pretend to decide what influ-
ence General Jackson may have in future Presi-
dent-making. It is, however, well known—and tg
