kvmmn to the congressional .globe.
M.
<£Tt,H Cong 3d SKSS-
Flne on General Jackson—Mr. Butler.
H. of Reps.
alTthe essentials of ease,comfort, and happiness, are
infinitely better off than most of themselves. The
slaves of this State were, at the period of the late
War—whatever they may be now—of quite a differ-
ent class. Louisiana was then (if I may use the
term without offence) a sort of servile Liberia, into
which all the vilest slaves of all the States were
sent, and often for the purpose of screening them
froia condign punishment. It may, then, be readi-
ly conceived with what reluctance men would quit
their homes, leaving their families at the mercy of
such beings, subject to be operated upon by such a
foe—a foe then in league with every desperate
ban,d of roving and lawless savages that could be
seduced into their bloody service, reckless of the
well-known fact that, in that service, they would
spare neither age, sex, nor condition. I shall,
however, doubtless, be told that none of these evil
consequences ensued. Let it be borne in mind that
I am now only speaking of things in the light in
which they naturally and properly presented them-
selves at the lime, and not that which they have
since assumed. As far as my information goes,
the British made no attempt to excite the slaves
either to murder or revolt. No, sir, they pursued
a very different course. Like Gen. Jackson, they
had been taught to believe that a large portion of
the citizens of Louisiana, and particularly those of
French and Spanish extraction, were inimical to
the Union, To these, theretore, they addressed
proclamations, assuring them that they came as
friends, and not as enemies; and promising security
and protection both to themselves and their proper-
ty. These facts, with many others, had a natural
tendency to mislead the commanding general as
to the extent of that disaffection. Louisiana was,
moreover, a purchased province; and we are told
by Mr. Martin, the historian mainly relied on by
the opposers of this bill, that the transfer was at-
tended with no little gloom and discontent. This
■was a natural, and by no means an unpatriotic
feeling. The allegiance of the heart is not to be
purchased. The father-land is a green spot in the
waste of every man's memory, which visits,him in
his dreams, and comes to him in his day-dreams.
How much of that feeling still remained, was yet
to be seen. If the embers were not extinct, here
•was a most propitious opportunity of kindling the
flame anew. The Spanish inhabitants were told
that England and Spain were fast friends, and'for
years had been warring side by side, in the same
great cause; and the French were told, that that
great cause included the restoration of the legiti-
mate sovereign of Franco to the throne of his an-
cestors. What sane man would undertake to say
that- all these appeals would fall on cold unwilling
ears; particularly when, in all human probability,
the British had ample means to make good their
promises both of protection and security's
But there was still a third class, who neither
owed nor professed any allegiance to this nation.
The city and country were filled with foreigners
andstrangers from every clime and zone, of every
tribe and tongue, whose sole business was to better
their condition—having more or less interest staked
on the result of the coming contest. Who would
pretend to vouch that these "lookers on m Vienna"
■were all good men and true, and ready to "do or
die" in a cause not their own"? Or who would even
vouch that they would not join the enemy, who
seemed to have victory already written on Ins tan-
ner"! Sir, had one-half of the population of this
country pledged themselves for the patriotism of
the other, it could not have been expected that a
man as deeply read in that intricate volume—the
human heart—and as well acquainted with all its
springs of action, as General Jackson is known to
be, would have given it a moment's credence. But
General Jackson was not left to speculate upon
this general knowledge of men and things. He
was warned and forewarned previous to reach-
ing Louisiana—and that, too, from the very highest
authority in the land—that it was filled -with "spies
and traitors. True, Mr. Martin attempts to show
that General Jackson had been the informer, and
succeeded in imbuing the mind of Claiborne with
suspicions not his own. He says (speaking of
General Jackson) "unfortunately, he had been 'sur-
rounded, from the moment of his arrival, by per-
sons from the ranks of the opposition to Claiborne,
Hall, and the State Government; and it was soon
discovered that he had become impressed with the
idea that a great part of the population of Louis-
iana was disaffected, and the city full of traitors
and spies." It appears that such were his senti-
ments as early as the 8th of September; for, in a let-
ter of Claiborne, which he has since published, the
Governor joins in the opinion, and writes to him:
"1 agree with you, that our country is full of spies
and traitors." And yetthis impartial historian liad
before him both Letour and Eaton, each of them
containing the defence offered by General Jackson
on his trial before Judge Hall: in which were nu-
merous extracts of letters from Governor Claiborne
to himself, solemnly warning him against these
very traitors. From one of them, written just one
month prior to that from which Mr. Martin has
garbled the line above quoted, I make the following
extract:
"i have reason to calculate on the patriotism of the interior
and western counties. I know, also, there are many faithful
citizens mNew Orleans; buttheieare otiiers in whose attach-
ment to the United States i ought not to contide. Upon the
whole, sir, i cannot disguise the fact, that, if Louisiana should
be attacked, we must principally depend for security upon the
prompt movements ot the regular force under your command,
and the militia of the Western States and Territories."
I will also make a quotation from this same let-
ter of the 8th of September, which did not answer
ttie purpose of Mr. Martin, and which he, there-
fore, found it convenient to suppress. Speaking
of New Orleans, the Governor says: "There is in
this city a much greater spirit of disaffection than
I had anticipated; and among the faithful Louisi-
anians, there is a despondency which palsies all my
preparations." Mr. Martin proceeds: "The Gov-
ernor was not unwilling to increase his own merit
by magnifying the obstacles he had to sur-
mount; he therefore slated, in his correspondence
with Jackson, every oppositionhe met with; and did
not fail to represent everyone, who did not think
as he did, as inimical to the country." Here we
have the strange spectacle of Jackson being at the
same time surrounded "by persons from the ranks
of the opposition to Claiborne, Hall, and the State
Government," and Claiborne himself constituting
one of that opposition. In modern parlance "the
General seems to have stolen the Governor," and ar-
rayed him not only against his friends, but against
himself.
But Governor Claiborne was not Ihe only source
from which General Jackson leceivedhis impres-
sions of the want of fidelity among the inhabitants
of Louisiana, as Mr. Martin himself shows. He
proceeds: " Those who immediately surrounded
Jackson on his arrival, with a view to enhance his
reliance on them, availed themselves of every op-
portunity to increase his sense of danger." And
who were those men? At their head stood Liv-
ingston and Duncan—men who would rank high, in
any age or country, for talen s and probity; who
had lived long in the city, and had the very best
means of correct information. Can it, then, be a
cause of wonder that General Jackson believed the
country was full of "spies and traitors'!" or a mat-
ter of reproach that he resorted to the most ener-
getic measures to render treason abortive! But
was there, in truth, no treachery^ That there was
much less than the General believed to exist, I
feel great pleasure in conceding. But that there
was still enough to demand all his vigilance and
skill, none ought to deny. For proof of this fact,
I refer to Latour, who is himself a Creole of the
country, and whose prejudices and feelings are,
therefore, all presumed to be in favor of its citizens,
and opposed to whatever may be construed to their
prejudice. After describing a village on the left
bank, and near the mouth of Bayou Bienvenue,
which he says " contained thirty or forty fisher-
men, almost all Spaniards or Portuguese," ten of
whose names he gives, as he says, "to consign them
to execration and infamy," lie proceeds: "These
all were known to have aided the British in dis-
embarking their troops, serving as pilots on board
their vessels and boats, and acting as spies from
the period of their arrival on the coast." (See pases
8'2and83.)
I also refer to the following letter from Mr.
Charles K. Blanchard, of New Orleans, to General
Jackson, which will be found in Eaton, p. 4-15:
"Sir: I have the honor, agreeably to your request, to state to
your excellency the substance of a conversation that occurred
between Quartermaster Peddle, of the Bnn«h arn.y, and my-
self, on the 11th instant, on board his Biitannic Majesty's ship
Herald. Quartermaster Peddie observed, that the command-
ing officers of the British forces were daily m the receipt of
every information from the city of New Orleans which they
might req-jire, in aid of their operations for the completion of
the objects of the expedition; that they were perfectly acquaint-
ed w'th the situation of every part of our forces, the manner
in which the same was situated, the number of our fortifica-
tions, their strength, position, tec. As to the battery on the
left bank of the Mississippi, ho described its situation, its dis-
tance from the main post, and promptly offered me a plan of
the works. He furthermore stated, that the above information
was received from seven or eight persons in the city of New-
Orleans, from whom he could at any hour procure every in-
formation necessary to promote his Majesty's ir terest."
If there was treason here—and that there was,
no one can with truili deny—then never was there
on earth a country in which that treason might
play its part with more security and success, or
which demanded more prudence and skill to detect
and to disarm it. Look, sir, at the country rn the
vicinity of New Orleans: a narrow stijp of land on
either side of the river, varying trom a half to two
miles in width, pent in on all sides by swamps al-
most impervious to the foot of man, and intersected
by innumerable bayous and canals, connecting the
Mississippi with the surrounding gulfs and bays
and lakes. But, in order fully to ;<ppreeiate Ihe
view of the ease it is my object to impress, it is im-
portant to understand something of the plan adopted
by the commanding general for the defence of the
city He had obviously but two, between which to'
choose: one was, to collect his entire force in its
vicinity, wait the approach of the enemy, and
settle "the fate of the city by one bloody death-
struggle. This he wisely declined, because he
would still have it as a dernier resort, should
he fail in ihe other. That plan was to keep
his main force at or near New Orleans, seize on
all the avenues of approach, though at such a dis-
tance from it as to cover and protect as many of
the well-disposed inhabitants as he could, without
weakening his position; at the same time keeping
in check those he dared not trust; holding the
enemy at arm's length as long as possible; and,
when able to do so no longer, falling back, and se-
lecting the best ground on which to give him bat-
tle. Prom what I have said, it will be seen that
there was a complete cordon of pickets or outposts
surrounding the city, occupying all the avenues of
approach to it, and as thoroughly cutting off alt
communication between the space included within
this cordon and the balance of the world, as though
it had been circumvallated by a wall or ditch, so
long as thebe pickets could be maintained; and all
proved true. This it was that rendered the eity at
all times not only a camp, but the very heart and
centre of that camp. But how easy was it for
treason to defeat even this noble plan of defence!
Only the river termini of these bayous could be
occupied by the American army; while the ene-
my, from their superior naval power, would of
course seize on their entrances into the gulf. No
intermediate point could be occupied by either, as
it was one entire morass. In this state of things,
it is evident that the British had the power, not
only to select their own point of attack, but to make
as many feints as they might think fit; and that it
would be impossible to distinguish the one from
the other, until they should reach the firm ground
near the bank of the Mississippi. All, then, that
was wanting on their part, in order to insure suc-
cess, was to deceive the commanding general by a
false attack, either above or below the city, ,and
thereby draw his main force in that direction, while
the real approach should be made on the opposite
side. All this, had it not been restrained by the
most rigid means, treachery would have attempted,
and might not have done so in vain.
Having said thus much of the condition of
things at home, let us now turn our eyes for a mo-
ment in the opposite direction. About the period
of which I amnowspeaking, Gen. Jackson received
intelligence of an undoubted character that the en-
emy was near at hand. Eighty vessels, filled with
troops and munitions of war, were already off Pen-
sacola, and as many more were hourly expected.
Believing the entire control of all the resources of
the country to be indispensable to its defence, and
that these resources could not be applied to so good
a purpose; believing, also, that unrestrained lib-
erty of person—when applied to such as would,
from necessity or choice, be included within the
*ity to be defended, or the adjacent territory cover-
ed by his posts—to be utterly incompatible with
either discipline or safety, General Jackson ap-
plied to the Legislature, then in session, to suspend
for a time the writ of habeas corpus. That body,
like himself, seem to have felt the importance of
(he crisis; for they not only passed a law closing
up all the courts of justice, but also one laying an
embargo on all the vessels in the port of New Or-
leans. Even Judge Hail, yielding to the pressure
of the emergency, thought fit—without law, or
trial, or bail—to discharge all the prisoners com-
mitted under process of the United States, no mat-
ter what their crimes, in order io fill the ranks of
