f:
Sari.lMS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
is!
27th Cons....3d Sbss.
The Exchequer-—Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
with the hand of kindness, to pluck from his own
and his soldiers' brows the very laurels they had
won in her defence? No, sir; his path of duty lay
plainly before him, and he pursued it without de-
lay or hesitation. All foreigners who had taken
protection under the French consul were ordered
to leave New Orleans forthwith, and| the consul
was ordered to go with them; for they were all
doing their best to fill it with mutiny and dissen-
sion. Such as claimed to be foreigners, but who
were found, upon aa examination of the poll-books,
to have voted at an election then but recently held
In the city, were ordered, to the lines, and compelled
to perform the duty of soldiers. This course, how-
ever necessary and proper in itself, was well cal-
culated to create discontent among the friends of
that class to whom it particularly applied; and
when perverted, (as it was,) to extend, that dis-
content throughout the army. At this most fa-
vorable conjuncture, Louallier and Judge Hall
made their appearance. I do not say they acted
in concert, although this charge was made and
believed by many at the time. They are now
both in the .grave; and I intend to say nothing of
either, not warranted by proof, and essential to the
merits of this case. Neither of them had raised a
hand in defence of the country. Judge Hall, who,
we are told by his admirers, (and I shall not con-
tradict them,) was a mild, amiable man, left the
city just before the British were expected; when
confusion and dismay were seizing on all ranks
and orders of men, which his presence and ex-
ample might have done much to allay, and which
his flight was but too well calculated to increase.
Louallier, on the contrary, remained in- the city.
Still, sir, with the enemy before his eyes, and their
cannon thundering daily and nightly in his ears,
he struck not a blow in her defence. No; not even
in the first battle, when he saw his countrymen going
forth to combat against double their numbers of the
best troops that Europe could boast, and when an
armed man was worth his weight in gold. True,
those gentlemen wereboth exempts; for one was a
legislator, and the other a judge. In this condi-
tion of things, and on the 3d of March, Louallier's
publication arraigning the course of the command-
ing general, in the .severest manner, as oppressive
and unjust, exciting the troops to mutiny, and giv-
ing the enemy full notice of the extent to whiclt it
already prevailed, made its appearance in the Lou-
isiana Gazette. His friends have contented them-
selves with calling this publication ill-timed and
imprudent; General Jackson has designated it by
much more appropriate, but far less glossing terms.
On the 5th of March, Louallier was put under
arrest, and a court-martial ordered for his trial. Of
this trial, my time will not permit me to speak; nor
is it at all necessary, as it forms no one of the
causes assigned by Judge Hall for inflicting the
fine now under consideration. On.the same day a
writ of habeas corpus was sued out in favor of
Louallier; and on that day, Judge Hall made tlie
usual official endorsement, requiring General Jack-
son to appear before him, and show cause for his
detention. General Jackson, instead of inswering,
retained the -writ, and arrested the Judge. For
this arrest and this detention the fine was inflicted.
Recollect, sir, that martial law was just as much in
force on this day, as on the day it was first declared.
Recollect, also, what 1 have before said, that the
only news of peace had come direct from a de-
feated enemy; that this enemy, greatly reinforced,
lay within a few hours' sajlof NewOrle'ans; and that
no proposition for an armistice had been made by
the-Bntish commander.
It is part of the history of the country, not to be
controverted, that information of the treaty of
Ghent first reached this city on the 11th of Feb-
ruary, 1815. The following circular of Mr. Monroe,
announcing that information, was at once prepared
to be sent to the different commanding officers
throughout the Union:
("CIRCULAR.")
"Department of War, Fob. 11,1815,
"Sib: It is with great satisfaction I inloim yon that a treaty
of peace was concluded between the Tinited States andSteat
Britain, on the &4th day of December last. A copy of the
treaty was receiver] to-day by Mr. Cattoii, has been ejrammei!
bjr the President, and will, X have no doubt, be ratified. I
give you this information, that hostilities may immediately
cease between our troops and those of Great Britain.
l'l have the honor to be,
"Your most obedientservant,
"JAMES MONROE."
A copy of this circular was addressed to General
Jackson, and a special courier despatched, for the
purpose of insuring its speedy and safe delivery;
.but, on opening the packet, he found, instead of a
communication announcing peace, an order to raise
troops for a more vigorous prosecution of the war.
Suppose, sir, ihis circular had been duly forwarded,
and duly received: it was but a simple annunciation
that a treaty of peace had been negotiated between
the two countries, and not that it had been ratified
bv either. It wanted the confirmation of both, to
make it of any avail; and it might still be rejected
by both or either of the contracting parties. "What
is the effect of such a treaty, under the laws of
nations'! Will any gentleman on this floor under-
take to say that, by these laws, the condition of
belligerents would be in Ihe slightest degree al-
tered by if? None, I feel well assured. General
Jackson had, however, received, from other sources,
such information as satisfied him that a treaty had
in fact been negotiated, and such as to create the
hope that it had been ratified. This information,
loose, and in advance of the truth, as it was, he
at once communicated to General Lambert, and
proposed a cessation of hostilities. How did the
British General meet this proposition'? The fol-
lowing extract from his letter, in reply, will best
answer the interrogatory:
"His instructions would not allow him to enter into any
wiitten stipulation, or give publicity officially to iji cessation of
hostilities, until he received the intelligence from an accredited
person from the British Government of the treaty having been
ratified andexchangtd, authotizing him to cairy it into execu-
tion."
What more could General Jackson have done"?
Was he to disarm, while an enemy of thrice his
force stood cased in steel, and ready for the combat?
If he had done so, and General Lambert had taken
New Orleans—which, as I have said, in the then
state of the pending negotiation, he had the unques-
tioned right to do—what would have followed?
Lambert would have received the order of knight-
hood from the British Government, and General
Jackson the well-merited scorn and contempt of the
American people.
The attitude in which he found himself placed
by the non-arrival of Mr. Monroe's letter, and the
various conjectures which were formed as to its
real character, by those around him, rendered his
condition embarrassing in the extreme. He how-
ever ventured to disband such of the Louisiana
militia as'had been levied in mass. They added
but little to his efficient force, and had been called
out in haste, and were but ill prepared for servicc.
The following beautiful extract from his address to
these troops, on the occasion, will serve to show
the conflict in his mind between his duty to the
country and his desire to comply with the wishes
of his troops: "Although the commanding gen-
eral has not received official advice that the slate
of war has ceased by the ratification of a treaty of
peace between the United States and Great Britain,
he has persuasive evidence of the fact, and credits
it at the lisle of being misguided by his wishes."
But why (ask those who are determined to oppose
him, right or wrong,) discharge part of his army,
and still continue martial law? I have already
given ihe reason for discharging these Iroops; and
surely the reduction of his force can form no
pretence of excuse for relaxing the discipline of
his diminished numbers, on whom the whole bur-
den would necessarily fall.
But I am admonished that the sands of m-j al-
lotted hour are nearly out, and that I must draw
to a close. On the 13th of March official intelli-
gence of the ratification of a treaty of peace duly
arrived ; and none pretend that General Jackson
hesitated a moment longer to yield to civil au-
thority and disband his army. Why should he
have 'delayed? What was "a little brief authority"
to him at any time, and particularly at a time
like this? He had scarcely felt the cheer of his
own fireside lor the last three years, (and no man
loved his own better.) His wife, too, had come
to take him back, his friends and neighbors anx-
iously awaited his return, and General Gaines had
for some time past been waiting to relieve him.
Accustomed, however, to sacrifice his own to his
country's good, nothing could seduce him from
bis post while his sense of duty told him he ought
to remain. He continued just as long as was neces-
sary to finish the work he had so nobly begun, and
not one moment longer.
Before leaving New Orleans, however, General
Jackson had to appear in a new, but by no means
an uninteresting, character. Judge Hall and him-
self had now rightfully cbangcd their relative posi-
tions. The civil authority, which had been rendered
powerless under the pressing hand of war, had now
resumed its majesty, and its offended functionary
, his robes.'Oh the 21st, General Jackson wag sum-
moned to appear before Judge Hall, to show cause
why an attachment should not be awarded against
him for the causes which I have before stated. Ott
the 24lh, he appeared, and made the effort, by at-
tempting—as I have done—to show the necessity
of declaring and enforcing martial law, in order to
save the country. But having been denied this
privilege, and required to shape his defence by
certain arbitrary rules laid down by the court, he
declined making any; simply saying to the Judge,
"Your honor will not understand me as intending
anything disrespectful to the court; but as no op-
portunity has been afforded me to explain the reasons
and motives by which I was influenced, so is it ex-
pected that censure or reproof will constitute no
part of that sentence which you may imagine it
your duty to pronounce." (See Eaton, p. 419.)
The result is known to Ihe world. Judgment
was pronounced, and the thousand dollars paid.
Much has been said—and too much cannot well be
said—of the moral grandeur of this trial. It is
doubtless the first instance in the history of the
world, that ajudge, while dealing out the vengeance
of the law, was clinging to his victim for pro-
tection. Such, however, was the excitement and
indignation of the vast crowd assembled on the oc-
casion, and who were familiar with all the causes
which led to the infliction of this fine, that Gen-
eral Jackson (who had but recently protected the
Judge from a foreign enemy) now found it difficult
to save him from the fury of his friends.
It was stated, on a former occasion, by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that the
amount of this fine.was repaid to General Jack-
son by the citizens of New Orleans. All the mem-
bers from that State know this statement to be
incorrect. It is true, that a grateful and sponta-
neous offering of the amount was made to him,
and stands in beautiful contrast with the ex gratia
thousand dollars recently proposed by their Senator,
[Mr. Conrad.] General Jackson, however, de-
clined it; because he deemed he had an undoubted
claim upon the justice of the nation, in whose ser-
vice it had been inflicted, and into whose vaults it
had been paid. No wonder, sir, they have been
smitten with the curse of emptiness.
It will not be expected, after the able and eloquent
speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ingfirsot.l,] that I should say anything as to the
power of the Judge to inflict this fine. If the un-
limited power, both of fine and imprisonment,
wiihout the intervention of a jury, really exist—
and that, too, for offences not committed in the
presence of a court, and when no court is in ses-
sion—it is, indeed, a frightful power, and one that
ought to be abolished.
But, for all my purposes, it is not important to
settle either this question of power, or its rightful
exercise. If I have been successful in my efforts
to convince this House lhat the exigencies of the
war, and the condition of the country in which
it was waged, justified the resort to martial law,
and that lins fine grew out of that exercise, then
hare I achieved my purpose. For I cannot permit
myself to doubt that Congress will hesitate a mo-
ment to restore to a faithful public servant that
which has been taken from him, either by the hand
of the law, or by violence, for the performance of
an act admitted to be both necessary and proper—
and that, too, while the nation are enjoying the
ftiil fruition oi that act. The friends of General
Jackson ask nothing of this House that can reflect,
in the slightest degree, on Judge Hall; nor will
they receive anything that tan be construed into
a reflection on General Jackson. Let them both
stand where history and the opinions of men shall
place them, and I am content.
REMARKS OF C. J. INGERSOLL,
OP PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 27, 1843.—
On his motion to reconsider the bill amendatory
of the several acts establishing the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. INGERSOLL renewed the motion to re-
consider, in order to make a few observations on
the subject. At an early day in the session, he
had seized an occasion of declaring—first, that he
ceuld not vote for the exchequer recommended by
the Executive; and, in the next place, that, while he
could not deny the absolute constitutionality, he
much questioned and disliked the presidential
