in
APPENDIX TO THF CONGRBBSIONAt GLOBE:
Jan. 184$.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The Exchequer—-Mr. C.J. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
practice of interference and urgency at all on a
subject, which, in origination and responsibility, be-
longs to the House of Representatives. He regret-
ted to feel himself bound peremptorily to oppose
whatseemed to be a favorite plan of the President,
because he acknowledged, that both as a member
of the paity with which he is associated, and as an
American, he felt deeply indebted to the President
for executive interposition on certain great and
well-known emergencies. Let me add (said Mr.
I,) that there is a view of Mr. Tyler's instrumen-
tality which has not, perhaps, been presented, or,
at any rate, not considered as it deserves.
A distinguished person, of whom I never speak,
as I never feel, without respect for his long and
great public distinction, has spoken reproachfully
of the actual Chief Magistrate, as a President with-
out a party; as if that were a demerit or infirmity.
Now, I will not undertake to say whether a Presi-
dent can successfully administer the affairs of this
country without a parly; but this I will say, that the
demise of alate President, and the accidental succes-
sion of the present incumbent, have triumphantly
proved that, in an untried crisis, the Constitution
works well; and that all its vital functions are per-
formed, as usual, under circumstances, the analogy
to which in other countries, with what are sup-
posed to be stronger Governments, has always
been found extremely hazardous. Not speaking
as a member of any party, nor with reference to
party consideraiions, but as an American Republi-
can, it is highly gratifying to see, that even though
the violence of party be aggravated, and without
passing any judgment upon the measures of the
present Administration as either good or bad; neith-
er vindicating nor condemning them; and, I. may
add, without reference to the character of thts pres-
ent incumbent; yet, it is matter of much gratifica-
tion to pcrceive that in the new crisis which made
Mr. Tyler President, he has been the instrument(per-
liaps unconscious and unwilling) of affording torth-
er proof of Mr. Jefferson's assertion, that siis is
the strongest Government in the world. For this,
I repeat, I feel much obliged to him; and deaSrc to
exhibit him, as I think he appears, with advantage
before the country. And, coinciding as liis Ad-
ministration has with so many of the priBCiples
which I chen'.sh, ii is not without regret that 4 find
myself constrained to oppose what appears to be one
ofitsfavoritemeasurts lor'restoring the public credit
and currency; and which I must oppose with the
more pertinacily, because 1 think it is urged with
an importunity not befitting executive authority,
and encroaching upon the independence ot this
House, to which the Constitution confides, if not
exclusive, yet superior, agency in all the monetary
concerns of the country.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has said something lo-day of the act of Con-
gress of 178'J for organizing the Treasury De-
partment. An excellent foundation, not as familiar;
I fear, as it ought to be to this House and to the
country at large. I have examined it repeatedly
and thoroughly, with a strongimpiession that itsoi-
ganic. provisions, enacted as they were by Ellsworth,
Washington, Hamilton, Madison, and other mem-
bers of the convention which created the Constitution,
and just afler its creation, contain the germs ami
basis of nearly all that is now necessary for the
restoration and settlement (if our dilapidated circu-
lation; and that as it was by departing from the
simple and solid provisions of that a<t the diffi-
culties ensued, so by returning to them we shall
fmd the most immediate, the safest, and surest
remedy for these evils. By recommending a re-
turn to the art of 178f>, I nm not to be understood
as suggesting the re-enactment of the independent
treasury, as repealed by this Congress. 1 was
always an unwavering adherent of the indepen-
dent treasury, and still consider it, in principle,in-
dispensable. But I am not wedded to the details of
the law as enacted and repealed; and I confess
that I have long been inclined to think that it
never need have been made cither a Presidential
or a party question. Separating the Government
from banks—the divorce, as it has been called—and
the receiving, keeping, and disbursing the public
money, without bank machinery, were original
principles of this Federal Government, which are
to be found, specie-clause and all, in the act of 1789,
upon which the convulsions of party, and the inhe-
rent vices of the banking system, have thrown us
back; and if, as I would fain hope, a majority of
Congress and oi the country can be prevailed up-
on to meet harmoniously upon some extension of
those provisions, and their adaptation to existing
circumstances, it will be the best pacification of
party strife, the simplest restoration of the currency,
and the most durable establishment of public pros-
perity.
Soon gfter the act of 1789, the Bank of the
United States was unfortunately introduced by act
of Congress. A. resolution of this House, calling
upon the Secretary of the Treasury ior a report
upon such measures as would tend to the benefit of
the public credit, was taken advantage o!, without
any specific authority for that purpose, to introduce
a bill for incorporating the subscribers to that in-
stitution, which, associated with the Government,
became the depository of its funds, the regulator ot
its currency, and eventually in the well-known
operations of the second Bank ot the United States
—the despotic arbiter of all the operations of the
Government itself. Determined to treat this sub-
ject with undisguised truth, it is right to add, that a
State bank interest was soon after originated, to
counteiact the influence of the Bank of the United
Slates. Kminent citizens of Philadelphia, (among
others, a gentleman who was afterwards a highly
distinguished Secretary of the Treasury,) establish-
ed the Bank of Pennsylvania; and others of the
same party politics, (among whom was a well-
known personage, alterwards Yice President of the
United States,) set on foot, with the same view, the
Manhattan Bank of New York. By at least ques-
tionable encroachments, if not violations of consti-
tutional interdict, banks, both national and State,
were thus introduced, continued, and multiplied,
with all the worst properties of modern banking,
including the monstrous principle of inconvertibili-
ty, borrowed from the long English interregnum of
bank suspension of specie payments, and a system
of ruinous credit predominated, till the United
States, and nearly every one of the States, have,
by now wellnigh universal acknowledgment, been
banked to the verge of destruction. The vices of
the system, and the convulsions of party, have de-
stroyed it nearly root and branch, throwing us back
upon the aboriginal act of 1789, with the small rem-
nant of the independent treasury, punishing em-
bezzlement and other misdemeanors, which this
Congress has not repealed. Here we are upon the
foundation of that act once more, and let us be
very careful how we depart from it. It has been
for several years of great difficulty, with some
slight posterior supplements, all the Federal Gov-
ernment has for the management of its finances;
and I submit that it wi'l be extremely rash to take
any departure from it, without being well advised
that it will be lor (he better.
What, then, does the President recommend, and
with, I must say, undue pertinacity press on our
adoption' A treasury bank. Yes, a treasury bank
And though I confess that I have never been abie
to see such a bank in the formidable aspect attrib-
uted to it by Madison, and many, if not most others
of our wisest men, yet I have never hesitated to
yield my opinion to theirs, and to look upon a
treasury bank as a thing not to be adopted.' The
President's plan is not merely a treasury bank; but
a treasury bank with a large, if not unrestricted,
issue of paper money—inconvertible paper—conti-
nental notes—money to be made on the mere credit
of Government; a measure altogether delusive of
relief, either to the people or the Government; a
most reprehensible mode of borrowing, which, if
persisted in, must expire m depreciation, just as
ceitainly as a falling body must continue to fall
until it meets resistance; just as ceitain as the un-
questionable fact, that no Government, ancient or
modern, ever redeemed paper money issued on its
own credit—paper money without taxes or other
basis, a mere expedient, an exploded contrivance,
a resort, a last shift, which Government, National
and State, and individuals in this country have at-
tenuated, exhausted, degraded, and debased, til! it
has become proverbial for all that is despicable,
villanoKS, and abominable. And this treasury
bank, with such paper money, is to have power to
regulate our exchanges!—a power the mojt formid-
able, the most fearful—a power the most liable to
abuse, the most cieafive of unprincipled circula-
tion, the most stimulating of that crim'inal specula-
tion wh'ch has been the curse of this country.
Some years ago, a celebrated speech was made in
this hall, by a distinguished member from the city
of Philadelphia, in betialf of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, the staple of whose abie argument was
an imposing view of the immense exchanges regu-
lated by that great institution in the days of its ut-
most prosperity^—a speech of which it was said the
bank scattered one hundred thousand copies broad-
cast throughout every quarter of the United States.
Its power of thus regulating the exchanges was af-
terwards ably exposed in one of Mr. Van Buren's
excellent messages, as a most pernicious monopoly
and stimulation of fictitious currency—having no
reality, contributing nothing to the public proper-
ty; but, on the contrary, ministering to the worst
passions. And this is the power which the Presi-
dent calls on Congress to confer on the Executive!
Never shall any President, with my vote, have such
a powei—liable to abuse enough in the hands of a
bank, but infinitely more so in a national treasury.
Some such measure as that reported by Mv. Gush-
ing, I feci no great objection to; but never, never
can I be reconciled to the Executive scheme; and
1 am extremely sorry to see that portion of the pub-
lic press particularly supponing_ the President
earnestly engaged in recommending and urging
this scheme as'a happy mean between a bank 'and
the independent treasury. I perceive, with regret,
not merely that it is an Administration measure,
but that it appears to be pressed upon us with all
the power and influence of the Administration,
which, I am bold to say, is with me additional ar-
gument against it. With no personal disrespect to
the President—enjoying pleasant personal relations
with him, and with every disposition to support his
measures, as I have frequently shown by my votes,
and sometimes by more than votes, desirous of co-
incidence in political sentiment with him,—I can-
not subscribe to his treasury project.
In fact, Mr. Speaker, I much question the wis-
dom of any immediate action at all on this delicate
and dangerous subject; strongly inclining to think
the aetofl789, for the present, the safest and best
platform we can rest upon; and, with modifications,
all that, under any circumstances, we should at-
tempt to impose upon the community. Has this
House considered the provisions of that act with
the attention to which they are entitled"? Has the
good sense of the community been awakened to
them"? It establishes not only an independent treas-
uiy, but an independent Secretary of the Treasury;
and, more than all, an independent House of Rep-
resentatives. It gives the Treasurer of the United
States the custody of the public moneys; takes care
that those moneys shall consist of coin alone, ac-
cording to the Constitution; providing for their
safekeeping and disbursement much better than
they can be kept by any corporators, or" other irre-
sponsible individuals. Without being~"a treasury
bank of issue, discount, or exchequer, it is a treas-
ury bank of deposite and safekeeping, guarded by
checks and securities, such as it is not easy to im-
prove, or relinquish without danger. There is a
clause in the act, which, possibly, even honorable
gentlemen of this House, and wliich, I am sure,
most of the good people of this country are not
aware of, authorizing the House, at all times, in-
stead of allowing the Secretary of theTreasury to
furnish required information in writing, to com-
mand his attendance at the bar of the House; and
there, face to tace, to question him as to the finances,
the funds, and whatever else appertains to the mone-
tary concerns of the United States. This great and
peculiar power conclusively pioves—what those
who enacted that law deemed it—the constitutional
function and authority of this House to control the .
Treasury Department, enacted the responsibility
of that department to this House, and what it
deemed the money and the proper eusfodv of the
money of the Government. Once morel repeat,
that it will be not without much hesitation that I
consent to any departure from these fundamental
anangements. II the couise of events since has
been such—if public senliment and habit since have
become so inve'eidte as to require some modifica-
tion or enlargement of the actofl7ft9, especially
now that all banks, whether Federal or State, are
out of repute, let us take no step without the utmost
caution, and none that is not indispensably neces-
sary; fir whatever we do, must be experimental and
doubtful, The act of 17S9, for now near half a
century, has remained unaltered; and it is likely to
continue in force, as it is now in force, from the
extreme difficulty and hazard of supplying itsplace
with anything better, ii so good. Suitable modifica-
tions and extensions may be practicable; but, com-
pared with the treasury project recommended by
the President, it is infinitely preferable.
in addition to Presidential recommendation and
urgency, and to Treasury suggestion of the exche-
quer scheme, ws have had an argument from the
