Jfth.mS.
APPENDIX TO THfe COKGRBsSlOJfAL GL0B1.
VM
2?tk Cong 3d Sess.
The Exchequer—Mr. C. J. Ingersnll.
H of Reps.
Secretary of State, in a speech of which so much
has been said on this floor that I cannot refrain
from also taking some notice of it. That gentle-
man had long by his admirers been denominated
a god-like person for his great intellectual attri-
butes; which panegyric, transcended by the western
orientalism of this House, has been exaggerated by
such hyperbolical extolling as to compare him to
mountains and giants, Vesuvius, Mont Blanc,
Titan, Tyger, Samson, and other similar, as it ap-
pears to me, most extravagant notice of his sup-
posed superiority.
He said of himself, it seems, in a somewhat
similar strain of self-complacency, that, if there is
anything he understands, it is tins particular sub-
ject. Now, however bold it may be to take issue
with such a giant, I utterly deny (judging from what
he said in that speech) that he does understancyhe
subject. At all events, I hope it will not Ije ex-
tremely immodest for me to declare that, if he un-
derstands it as well as he boasts he does, I don't un-
derstand it at all. He says he is a bullionist; which
I deny, for no man can be a bullionist who at-
tempts to defend inconvertible paper-money. He
may have studied, as he says lie did in early life,
the English bullion controversy, in which Vansit-
tart and his adherents insisted that paper is better
than coin; and he may have sided with their oppo-
nents, that bullion is better than paper, and, alone or
convertible, makes money. But that no more en-
titled him to proficiency in the science, than a
man would become a learned divine Ijy the
study of sermons, without ever reading the scrip-
tures. Nor do I consider it at all rash or un-
becoming in even so humble a person as I am,
to deny that any man understands this subject,
whatever he may think or say of bis own under-
standing to an audience at Faneuil Hall, who, after
insisting 011 the vinues of paper money as proof of
his bullionism, declares that it would be a wise
regulation of the monetary concerns and piivate
interests of this country to superadd to that enor-
mity the executive regulation of all its incalcula-
ble exchanges. He may be "Vesuvius, Mont Blanc,
Titan, Tyger, or Samson Agonistes; and there
may be those who pronounce such speeches the
emanations of a master mind; but I have no hesita-
tion whatever at calling them crudities, and ex-
posing them as puerilities—the ebullitions of ego-
tism, relying on the ipse dixit of a master—not a
Blaster mind—for issuing as true what is unques-
tionably and manifestly not so. The Secretary of
Stjile pledged his reputation thai, on a short Irial
of this panacea, (which he claimed as his own
patent medicine,) it would prove an infallible cure,
and give immediate relief to a distempered and
prostrate community. Of that, sir, I have not the
least doubt. If that gentleman—or it would be
more proper to say, if I were to take the relief of
intoxication for any distress I might be laboring
under, I should probably have the ease and com-
fort which such a resort adminis'ers; and, while it
lasted, be happy, merry, content, and free from all
complaint. But as our friend (the president of the
temperance society) near mo, IMr. Briggs,] I
think, will agree, the relief and happiness would
be extremely short-lived, and not very creditable;
and I should soon be more miserable than ever,
with aggravated prostration of the whole system,
terrible headache, and still moie terrible remorse
of disordered intestines, in the suggestion of
such relief as this, I must say there is 110 evidence
of that wise familiarity with this simple subject
arrogated to himself by the Secretary of State, and
seeming to be conceded to him by those who
merely deny his consistency, without, going further
and denying, as I make bold to do, that either his
scheme or his speech shows that his is the master
mind which he and others say it is. As Secretary
of State, and quasi Secretary of the Treasury, I
must deny all odor of that arrogated mastery,
whatever there may have been of Senatorial su-
premacy formerly. I deny that to the lieges of
Boston there were any masterly illustrations of a
hackneyed subject, or anything more than egre-
gious misrepresentation of it, 111 its most expansive
and delusive aspects, such as the pupils of Vansit-
tart, and other auti-bullionists, might rejoice in.
The distress of the country has been alarmingly
depicted by the honorable gentleman who preced-
ed me, [Mr. Bcrneix;] and, sensible that the coun-
try, if not actually distressed, is so constantly told
that it is, as to believe so, and to think, perhaps, that
Congress can relieve it, I came here determined to
listen patiently to all plans suggested for that pur-
pose; to give them all opportunity of consideration;
and if any one can be shown likely to do better than
the act of 1789, to vote for it. I have heard, how-
ever, of no approximation to such plan, except that
of Mr. Gushing, which comes so nigh that act and
the independent treasury that, possibly, it may do.
But I own my distrust of all action at present; for
I feel free to declare that the terrible suffering of
the community has been, and continues to be, salu-
tary—the only lesson that could bring it to confes-
sion of error, and sincere resolution of amendment.
Jt is worth volumes of legislation, this bitter expe-
rience. Besides, is the country as much distressed
as it is said to be'? No doubt stagnation, penury,
and discomfort, the rich reduced to comparative
want, and the poor to want of employment, prevail
in cities, towns, and wherever bank influence disas-
ters business, as it does, with extensive and deplo-
rable sweep, smiting right and left with destruction.
Bui is this the condition ofthe farming population—
of the laboring classes, except in certain places—
of agriculture at large, the basis of all other occu-
pation and supply's Is not the country recovering
from the prostration inflicted by bank credits, and
their strumpet twin sister, bank frauds'! Though
the circulation is reduced to the coin standard, and
there are banks enough left standing to keep much
of that standard oul of use, hid in their dark
vaults, is it true that the country is not slowly re-
covering'! And will not spontaneous recovery be
much more stable and substantial than if Govern-
ment attempts to hasten it by that Dcedalian flight
which Adam Smith mentions! I much incline to
believe that the best thing we can do is to keep the
doctors off", and let the patient alone in convales-
cence. We must give time. Time is an impor-
tant element in the revival. Letting the country re-
pose, and reinstate itself, is much better than treas-
ury nostrums and hastening stimulants. Remember
that all legislation must be prospective, experiment-
al, and, perhaps, perilous; whereas, as it is, the
community is aroused to the reality, is convinced
of it, is taking care of itself; is gradually, intelli-
gently, and substantially rising to permanent pros-
perity; has done much, has learned much, is learn-
ing and doing more, and has abundance of re-
sources and good sense to do the rest. Is it palsied,
as was said by Mr. BohnellI prostrate, paralyzed,
incapable of recovering without help from Govern-
ment"! I think not—I trust not—I feel sure not.
Last season was one of great production—probably
the most so ever known—in cotton, grain, flesh, ev-
erything; and though prices were low, yet they will
improve, and are probably now remunerating,
while no treasury hocus-pocus can render them
profitable. Government cannot, by any contri-
vance, suddenly raise them, without liability to as
sudden decline; and let us have the manliness to
say to the people that they must help themselves,
without assistance from Congress. Mother Earth,
and her eldest son, Labor, are the great, if not only,
reliance.
If the Secretary of Stale, instead of expending
his master mind, if such it be, on treasury pro-
jects, would bestow it upon objects pertaining to
his own department of Government, in fostering
and extendingthat commerce whichit was the great
design of this Union to develop, he would ex-
hibit more attention to the public welfare than
by any irregular attempts, through exchequer
schemes, to expand that currency which, without
extensive commerce, can never prosper. Such
arrangements may, I think, he mode with other
countries as would greatly increase the foreign
commerce of the United States. Onr exchequer
may be placed in Europe, in Asia, and in South
America, by increasing the export of those inesti-
mable staples which are thegreat sourcesof nation-
al wealth and American prosperity. Instead of
eighty or ninety millions of exports, why should
there'not be one hundred and fifty millions a year
sent out of the country, and nearly as much
brought back again—much of it in coin, in return
for cotton, grain, flesh, rice, lumber, and other
articles of which we have a superabundance, and
other parts of the world are in want'! Why may
not this be done, even in less time than any specula-
tive restoration of the currency by expansion"!
What is there to prevent its being the work of even
the present Administration, which in its remaining
two years may more readily restore the finances
of the country, by devoting its talents (and it has
talents) to the legitimate purpose of extending com-
meice, rather than stimulating' circulation'! If all
the energies of the Department of State, and those
of the present Secretary, were earnestly devoted to
this accomplishment, 1 see nothing to prevent its
rapid success, with more certainty, and in less time,
through the agency of that department, than the
Treasury. By commercial improvement, relief will
be obtained through the great arterial system of
the country, beginning at its heart, by natural
means, and every pulsation would be healthful;
whereas, by the superficial process ot a stimulated
circulation, the surface and extremities only are
dealt with, and the result is necessarily doubtful,
and even probably pernicious. Let us act on the
heart, not the extremities. Among the numerous
rumors with which the air of this metropolis is
always agitated, conjecture is afloat that the Sec-
retary of Stale is to be sent abroad on a special
mission, to make a commercial;': eaty with England,
desirous, it is said, of dealing with the United
States on the basis of reciprocity, vjd an equal ex-
change of our productions for theirs. Without
giving any opinion on the policy of such an ar-
rangement, it is, at all events, ^erthy of considera-
tion by the best talents of the country; and, for one,
1 am ready to vote the necessary appropriation for
the Secretary's foreign mission" ("To get rid of
him," said some one.] No, not to get rid of
him; but to send him on a most ^.nportant errand,
where I hope his talents may be useful, and where
I am sure they would be much better employed
than by making speeches at Boston on the state of
the finances and of parties. I take leave here, in
my place* ex cathedra, to recofininend his attention,
to the legitimate purposes of the Department of
State, and to give up those of the Treasury De-
partment, for which his speech at Faneuil Hall
displayed no remarkable aptitude. Finance is not
his forte.
It is quite a misapprehension of the state of the
country to suppose that it has gained nothing by
the uses of adversity within the last few years.
The Secretary of State now acknowledges that a
United States bank is an obsolete idea. How long
is it since he used to say that a note of that bank
was better than gold or silver'! Will gentlemen,
say that nothing is gained by such progress as
this'!—such march of master minds'! With no view
of making a President, but because of its excel-
lent instruction 1 I confess that I desire that the
present state of things, if its inflictions be not too
severe, may continue a little longer, till the last
lingering attachment to the detestable infatuation of
making money out of inconvertible paper, and
wealth out of speculation, may be completely and
utterly extirpated. Are gentlemen aware that
such has been the long usurpation of paper mo-
ney in this country, that the late war with England
was carried on by it, almost as much as the war of
the Revolution! I have taken the trouble, latterly,
to ascertain, from authentic sources, that one hun-
dred and twentv millions in loans and treasury
notes were raised by acts of Congress during the
three years of the latter war, which are nearly
equal in relative proportion to the three hundred
and sixty millions of continental money issued
during the former. The debt of the war of 1812 is
all paid, to be sure; while that of the war of 1776
remains, and will foiever remain unsatisfied.
Such is the history of the United States—the histo-
ry of a wonderful nation whose bane has been infat-
uated predilection for paper-money, notwithstanding
the most abundant indigenous means of command-
ing the precious metals, controlling the commerce
ofthe world, and rendering it tributary to North
American advancement, which, great as it has
been, has been greatly retarded by this infatua-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, with these hasty views—and I am
perfectly sensible of their extreme imperfections—I
come to a conclusion. No member of this wild
House can come to it prepared to present methodi-
cal aigurnents, Nothing1 here is certain but over-
ruling uncertainty. There is no such thing as
debate, and hardly any discussion. Whoever ad-
dresses the country in this brilliant bog of a hall,
must bring all his speeches of the whole session
jumbled together in his mind, and utter chance-
medley whichever happens to come foremost. In
this desultory way I have ventured to say something
to-day. 1 repeat, that the admirable act of 1789 is
nearly all we need, and that I fear departures from
its excellent and familiar organization. I am in-
alienably devoted to the principle of the independ-
ent treasury, and cannot be divorced from it—divorce
of the State from all banks, and inseparable union
of it with coin. But I am not wedded to the law as
