124
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Jkn. 1843:
27th Coi«G"«.Sd Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
enacted and repealed—enacted by my party, re-
pealed by the other. I hold this to 1se a great na-
tional measure, far above transient party. This
Administration may restore it, if it will and can,
and it shall have my vote—hereafter a silent vote;':
for I have said all I desire to say—for that great
contribution to the public -welfare. I do not wish
to wait the advent of another Administration, with
which possibly I may be more'nearly associated.
But I doubt all speculative action on the subject,
and dread novelty—abominate expansion. I never
will fail, without the slightest reference to Presi-
dential questions, to oppose those inordinate and
monstrous contrivances of Government—inconver-
tible paper-money and licentious exchanges by legal
facilities—as the greatest stain on the cha'racter, the
most destructive canker on the vitals, of this coun-
try.
SPEECH OF MR. PAYNE,
of alabama.
In the House of Representatives, January 28, 1S43—
The proposition to refund the fine to General
Jackson being under consideration—
Mr. PAYNE lose and said:
Mr. Speaker: In rising to address the House this
morning, I feel somewhat as the gentleman from
"Virginia [Mr. Botts] felt a few days ago. I had
reflected on this question, and on some parts of it
had wished to say a Jew words; but, by, the post-
ponement of its consideration Irom day to day,
much of what I intended to have said has escaped
my recollection, and I shall find it impossible to
strike on the train of thought 1 had marked out for
myself. I shall, therefore, content myself with of-
fering such views only as present themselves to my
mind as I progress m the discussion. Besides,
there was'another thought which operated upon
my mind when I desired to address the House a
few days ago. X did believe that, by making a
calm appeal to the justice and magnanimity of this
House, there could be no difficulty, in agreeing to
refund the fine which, in my soul, I believe was
unjustly imposed by Judge Hall upon Gen. Jack-
son, for declaring martial law at New Orleans.
But I have now totally despaired of any such re-
sult; the speech of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Botts] has convinced me that the warm and
generous feelings of magnanimous nature are
chilled and destroyed by the malignity of party
strife and the trammels of party discipline. Ishail
not, therefore, appeal to this Congress at all—Hook
above and beyond it. To the American people I
appeal. They are the fountain of justice in the
reward or punishment of political men, as they
are of all political power in a Government like
ours. With them, this question will stand upon
its own merit; it will be disconnected from the
pirty conflicts of the day. The elevation of no
political favorite will depend upon the rejection of
the bill; nor will the prospects of any ambitious as-
pirant to the Presidency brighten bv its passage.
The whole question will be gauged by the square
of justice; and the only inquiry will be, "Was Gen.
Jackson righ1 or wrong m declaring martial law
at New Orleans'!" If right, the bill ought to pass,
and the fine of $1,000, with interest, outditto be
refunded; if wrong, he merited fus-punishment,
and the fine ought not to be remitted. That is the'
question; and it is totally immaterial what i/our
decision may be; the people wtd decide that ques-
tion upon principles of strict justice, and command
you to execute /heir wiH.
Sir, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts]
asks where Gen. Jackson derived his authority to
declare martial law at New Oileans'; That'in-
quiry has been so often made, and so fully answer-
ed, that I did not expect a repetition of it from the
gentleman from Virginia. But, as the interroga-
tory has again been r.peate.l, I will answer it in
accordance with my own views, and in my own
way.
I shall not pretend that the Constitution or laws
of the United States authorize the declaration of
martial law by any authority whatever. On the con-
trary, it is unknown to the Constitution or law;,; and
so guarded have those persons been, upon whom
the people have conferred the power to form con-
stitutions, either State or national, that there is
scarcely a constitution of a single State in the
Union which does not declare that "the military
shall at all times be subordinate to the civil power:"
and the Constitution of the United States incul-
pates the same doctrine,
That the military shall always be subordinate to
the civil power, is a fundamental principle in our
form of government; and the genius of our institu-
tions requires that it should be so. But it does not
follow that cases may not arise, in time of war, when
a commander would not only be excusable, but
criminally cvlpable if he did not assume the respon-
sibility of declaring martial law. Sir, what are
the exigencies of war which would justify this
measured I answer—the preservation of his army
from destruction; the sacking of ail important and
wealthy city, or the devastation and ruin of his
country. To prevent any one of these results,
would justify a general, before any just tribunal on
earth, in declaring martial law. And to condemn
a commanding officer for declaring martial law
when necessary to prevent any one of these results,
is virtually saying that he should stand calmly by,
and witness the destruction of his army, the sack-
ing of a city, or the devastation and ruin of his
country, when the means were m his power to pre-
vent it.
Who would tolerate this ideal An Arnold might,
but no patriotic American could. It may be asked,
upon what principle a eommandcr can declare
martial law, where it is conceded that the Consti-
tution or laws afford him no authority to do so1? I
answer, upon that principle of self-defence u-hich
rises paramount to all written lav; and the justifi-
cation of the olhcer who assumes the responsibility
of acting upon that principle must rest upon the
necessity of the case. If tuat necessity cannot be
made apparent, when called to answer before the
civil authority of the country, he will be condemned
and punished. But if the necessity was apparent,
and shown to be so, he will be honorably acquitted,
and a grateful country will approve the act. These
were the grounds upon which General Jackson
acted when hedeclared martiallawatNewOrleans,
as is shown by the opinion of Mr. Livingston, the
aid to General Jackson; which opinion is m the
following words, and was filed among the papers
of General Jackson: "On the nature and effect of
the proclamation ot martial law by Major General
Jackson, my opinion is, that such proclamation is
unknown to the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
1st. "That it is to be justified only by the ne-
cessity of the case; and that, therefore, the General
proclaims it at his risk, and under his responsibili-
ty both to Government and individuals. When
the necessity is apparent, he will meet reward in-
stead of punishment from his Government; and in-
dividual claims for damage must be appreciated by
the same rule, under the discretion of a jury.
Should they, in the opinion of the Government, de-
cide falsely against their officer, they have aright
(which they have frequently exercised) of indemni-
fying him for the disinterested responsibility he
has incurred."
2d!y. "That the effect of a proclamation of mar-
tial law de facto is to bring all persons who may
happen to be within the district comprised in the
proclamation, under the purview of such law; and
therefore a'l persons capable of defending the
country within the district are subject to such law,
bv virtue of the proclamation, and may be tried
during its continuance by virtue thereof."
These are the grounds upon which we place the
power of Genera] Jackson to proclaim martial law
at New Orleans; and I trust the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Botts] will consider his interroga-
tory fully answered.
Sir, there is another event in the history of our
country, in winch General Jackson was compelled
to a,"ume responsibility, and act from the neces-
sity of the case. I allude to his invasion of Florida,
then belonging to the Spanish dominions, and a
neutral t->rritoiy. He reduced St. Mark's, Pensa-
eola, sr.d the 'fort of Barrancas. This was not
authorized by the Conntntion or laws; no one ever
pretended that'he Con^Mution or laws authonzed
any such invasion of neutral territory. It was an
act of self-defence, forced upon the commander
from the necessity of the case. ~S\ hy this neces-
sity"? The Indians were in the daily habit of com-
mitting depredations upon our frontier settlements,
and retreating with their plunder across the Flor-
ida line, a market for which thev found among
British emissaries stationed at St. Mark's and pen-
sacola. These emissaries also furnished the In-
dians with powder and the various implements of
war, and continued to stimulate them to increased
exertion, aad to the perpetration of renewed cruel-
ties upon our defenceless women and children,
Now, sir, should General Jackson have remained
quietly upon our side of the line, until our settle-
ments were broken up, and our citizens slaughter-
ed, because the Constitution and laws did not
authorize him to march an army into neutral ter-
ritory1! No; all must admit that an imperious State
necessity fully justified the step taken by him, and
the result of the measure vindicates the policy of
the act.
Sir, the King of Spain viewed the invasion of
Florida as an insult to his sovereignty, and de-
manded the punishment of General Jackson, as we
learn from a letter written by John Q.. Adams,
then Secretary of State, to George W. Erving,
minister plenipotentiary to Spain. I read from that
letter as follows: "In the fourth and last of those
cotes of Mr. Pizarro, he has given formal notices
thayhe King, lus master, has issued orders for the
suspension ot the negotiation between the United
States and Spain, until satislaction shall have been
made by the American Government to him for
these-proceedings of General Jackson, which he
considers-as acts of unequivocal hostility against
him, and as outrages upon his honor and dignity;
the only acceptable atonement for which is stated
to consist in a disavowal of the acts of the Ameri-
can general thus complained of; the infliction upon
him of a suitablepunishment for his supposed mis-
conduct, and the restitution of the posts and terri-
tories taken by him fiom the Spanish authorities,"
&c.
How,did Mr. Adams answer this demand of the
King of Spain"! He tells him, in this same letter,
that "the occupation of these places in Spanish
Florida by the American commander arose from
incidents which occurred in the prosecution of the
war against the Indians, from the imminent dan-
ger in which the fort of St. Mark's was of being
seized by the Indians themselves, and from the
manifestations of hostility to the United States by
the commandant of St. Mark's, and the Governor
of Pensaoola; the proofs of which were made
known to General Jackson, and impelled him,
from the necessities of self-defence, to the steps of
which the Spanish Government complains."
These are the grounds as alleged by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] upon
which General Jackson took possession of Spanish
Florida. Not because the Constitution or laws of
the United States authorized him to enter and oc-
cupy a neutral territory, but because he was "im-
pelled from Hie necessities of self-defence" to do so.
Now, if General Jackson was authorized upon
principles of necessary self-defence to seize upon
the fort of St. Mark's, because of the danger of its
falling into the hands of the enemy, how much
more fully was he justified, by the same principle
of imperious necessity, in declaring martial law to
save the city of New Orleans from plunder and de-
vastation by the enemy.
It may be supposed that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] has only stated the
grounds upon which General Jackson entered
Florida, without approving his action in that par-
ticular. Not so. He continues: "But the Presi-
dent will neither inflict punishment nor pass cen-
sure upon General Jackson for that conduct, the
motives for which were founded in the purest
patriotism; of the necessities for which he had the
most immediate and effectual means of forming
a judgment; and the vindication of which is writ-
ten in every page of the law of nations, as well as
the first law of ■nature—s'lf-iefcnce."
Sir, there is an additional recognition of that par-
amount law of nature—self-defence—md apower-
fu) vindication,not only of the acts of General Jack-
son, m entenn? the Spanish territory, but of the mo-
tives upon which that action was founded. And I
now respectfully submit, that every principle in-
voked in the declaration of martial law at New
Orleans, \vr.s involved in the case thus defended
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. Why, then,
should the gentleman from Massachusetts, who so
ably defended General Jackson nearly thirty years
sine, now turn round and become his reviler"?
Sir, I will not say that this change was produced
hy the result of the political contest of 1828; but I
tell the gentleman from Massachusetts that others,
with less charity for his motives, will not only
think, but declare that such is the fact.
Mr. Speaker, having stated the grounds upon
which I place the power of a commanding officer
to proclaim martial law, and having brought to my
aid the learning and experience of the gentleman
front Massachusetts [Mr, Adams] in hjg better days,
