126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0BB.
Jan. 1843.
27th Cono**"3d Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
triet comprised in the proclamation, under the pur-
view of such law; and, therefore, all persons capa-
ble of defending the country within the district, are
subject to su'ch law by virtue of the proclamation,
and may be tried, during its continuance, by vir-
tue: thereof."
Louallier, a naturalized Fenehman, and member
of the Senate jsf Louisiana, presuming upon the
dignity of his station, wrote and published a sedi-
tious paper, which was calculated not only to em-
bolden the treasonable poriion of the population of
Louisiana, but informed the enemy of the divis-
ions and dissatisfaction actually existing in regard
to the measures adopted by the commanding gen-
eral. For writing and publishing this paper, he
■was arrested, by the order of General Jackson.
Dominic A. Hall then issued a writ of habeas cor-
ftis for the release of Louallier, and thereby be-
came his accomplice. Hall was also attested.
Louallier was tried and acquitted by a court-mar-
tialj and Hall, after a iew days' confinement, was
sent beyond the limits of the city, and released. If
there was necessity for proclaiming martial law at
all, the same necessity required that it should be
preserved. Hence the necessity for the immediate
arrest of Louallier. Nor could he be released un-
der a writ of habeas corpus; for that would have
been a virtual repeal of the proclamation, before
the necessity ended which required its existence.
Moreover, I do not believe that it would be con-
sistent with the public safety to admit the doc-
trine, that a man writing and publishing a
mutinous and seditious paper, in the midst
of a military camp, can be taken from the
military by the civil authority, by writ of habeas
corpus, and discharged. If that doctrine be once
established, the spy or the traitor may at any time
find exemption from the punishment due to Ins
crimes, under the soiled ermine of some foreign
stipendiary, exercising judicial functions under
the authority of the United States.
Sir, I have said that New Orleans was placed
under garrison, and subjected to all the laws which
govern a military camp, by virtue of the proclama-
tion of martial law. I now ask, did Gen. Jackson
commit any act, after the proclamation, which ev-
ery commander has not a right to do, at any time,
ivithm the limits of his encampment'? Upon this
?oint, I read an argument, the other day, in the
annary number of the Democratic Review, which
was so conclusive, and the impressions of which
are now so vivid upon my recollection, that it
would be impossible (or me to make an argument
upon this branch of the subject, without plagiar-
izing the one to which I have adverted. 1 there-
fore ask leave to lead to the House this argument,
and to substitute it for the remarks I intended to
make.
"Many Frenchmen born, for the purpose of se-
curing exemption from military duty, procured
. certificates from the French consul, declaring them
to be subjects of the King of' France. These cer-
tificates were given in the midsl of the General's
camp, and tended to weaken his means of defence,
by taking effective soldiers from his ranks, and
producing dissatisfaction and a spirit of mutiny
among those who remained. Might not the Gen-
eral, in strict conformity of law, have placed boih
the consul and his proteges in confinement'? He
adopted the milder expedient of ordr, ing them ovt
of his camp.
"Then came the publication of Louallier, harshly
censuring this order as an act of tyranny, aDd
openly advising disobedience. This publication,
be it remembered, was 'made in the midst of the
camp. Its direct and manifest object was to bring
the military authority into contempt.
"The arrest of the author was, in our view of
the General's lawful authority over his camp, not
only a matter of right, but of indispensable duty.
Instead of violating the Constitution and laws of
his country, he but performed the solemn obliga-
tion of executing them, by preserving the just au-
thority of its military commander over its armies
and their encampments.
"Yet it was for this act that Judge Hall (himself,
at the moment, the subject of martial law, and
abiding in the midst of the camp) issued his writ
of habeas corpus. This was making himself the
accomplice of Louallier, in stirring up discontent
and mutiny in the camp. The same principles
which required the arrest of the one, demanded,
with a louder voice, the restraint of the other.
The Judge was kept under guard a few days, and
then sent out of the camp, and set at liberty.
"The power of the General, under maitial law,
seems to be altogether preventive, except in cases
where the law itself provides for punishment. In
this case, it seems to us that the preventive power
can only be exercised by keeping the mischief-
maker in confinement, or sending him beyond the
limits of the camp. In effect, this was the result
in the case of Louallier, and nothingbeyond it was
attempted in the case of Judge Hall.
"These facts and reasons lead us to the conclu-
sion, that, in ordering French aliens and the
French consul beyond the limits of his camp; in
arresting and confining Louallier for an open at-
tempt, within his camp, to produce discontent and
disobedience; and m confining and sending out of
his camp Judge Hall, for attempting to sustain
Louallier—General Jackson trampled on no con-
stitution, and violated no law; but, on the contrary,
faithfully executed the powers vested in him by
the Constitution and laws, as a military com-
mander, for the preservation of order in his camp,
the safety of his army, and the defence of his
country."
Sir, if the views taken be correct, the blame, if
any, which attaches to General Jackson, was for
proclaiming martial law, and not for acts commit-
ted by him subsequent to that proclamation. When
upon that branch of the subject, I demonstrated be-
yond doubt that an overruling State necessity, re-
sulting from the conduct of the spies and traitors
known to be in the country, required the existence
of martial law to save the city from the enemy;
arid upon that necessity I rest the justification of
General Jackson, and demand, as an act of justice,
that the fine imposed upon him by Judge Hall be
refunded by the passage of the bill now undtr con-
sideration.
S;r,it maybe asked, could this city have been
saved by any other means'? This interrogatory
requires that I should examine, lot a few moments,
the means of defence, as compared with the means
of attack. X have already said that we were called
upon to defend a restless and divided people. Our
aimy numbered about 3,000 men, undisciplined;
many of them had never before faced an enemy,
and withal badly armed. What were the means
of attack"? An army of 14,000 strong, well order-
ed, piovided with all the appliances of war, and
from a country whose troops had been disciplined
by a war of twenty years' duration, and com-
manded by the tnost experienced generals of the
age.
" The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cbsh-
inoJ eloquently said, the other day, that, it we would
look at the history of England during the period
of the French revolution, and mark the course of
that great power in Asia, in Africa, and in Europe,
we would find it one undeviatmg course of un-
checked victory and glory; or, if we turn to the
ocean, we are met by the victories of St. Vincent, of
Tiafalgar, of Copenhagen, and the Nile; and,
wherever a British ship met an opposing vessel, it
added a new halo of glory to the conquering cross
of St. George.
Sir, what was the condition of that gigantic na-
tion at that time'! She could concentrate tier whole
power upon us; she feared no invasion from
France; the power of Napoleon had been wrenched
from its basis; his star of glory had set; its sickly
and ominous glare had been extinguished upon
the plains of Belgium. Nor did shefear an insur-
rection in Ireland; the altars reared to liberty lay
that gallant people had been cloven down, and the
fires which burnt upon those altars had been ex-
tinguished by the blood of Emmett. Thus we were
contending with a nation which had torn the dia-
dem from the brow of the hero of Austeiiitz, and
shook asunder the confederation of the Rhine. Sir,
we met them upon the plains of New Orleans, and
the Anglo-Irish blood—the Andrew-Jackson blood
—snatched the American eagle from the fangs of
the British lion, and enabled her to unfurl her
wings in proud triumph over American arms and
American soil. Could this have been done without
the proclamation of martial law"? No, sir; never.
Three thousand Americans could never have re-
sisted successfully a British army of fourteen thou-
sand men, with all the points of attack designated
by the spies and traitors known to be in New Or-
leans. Assuming this to be the fact, I ask, was it
just, was it patriotic, to impose a fine upon its de-
fender,its preserver? The whole American people
will answer no; and, in thek name, I demand that
the fine be refunded—not as a pecuniary remune-
ration; no, sir, as such, we would not receive it;
but as a vindication—a legislative vindication by
an American Congress of the reputation of Gen.
Jackson from the aspersions with which British in-
fluence then, and Federalism, its twin sister, nova
seeks to assail it.
Sir, the gentleman, from Virginia [Mr. Botts]
tells us that the fine imposed by Judge Hall upon
General Jackson has been refunded. By whom,
sir? The ladies of New Orleans. Suppose this
were true, and that General Jackson had actually
pocketed the money subscribed by the patriotic la-
dies of that city: would that justify this Government
in retaining in its treasury money which had
been improperly wrenched from the hands of a
public servant! No, sir, if the facts, as already
stated, were true, and it were improper to refund
the money to General Jackson, it should have been
handed over to the ladies of New Orleans, whose
patriotic zeal outstripped the Government in the de-
sire of protecting a public officer in the discharge
of his military duty. I say this fine of $1,000 got
into the public treasury wrongfully; and having
done so, as a mere question of honesty, it should
not remain there.
But, sir, what are the facts of this case? When
Judge Hall imposed this fine upon. General Jack-
son, it was immediately paid by him. The ladies
of New Orleans, feeling deeply the injustice of
Hall's conduct, by subscription of $1 each, raised
the amount of the fine imposed, and tendered it to
General Jackson; who immediately saw the im-
possibility of returning the money to those by whom
it had been subscribed, and for this reason ex-
pressed a wish io those who had the money that
it should be distributed among the families of the
brave men who lost their lives in the defence
of these very ladies. What other disposition,
respectful to these ladies and just to himself,
could General Jackson have suggested'? To have
refused it indignantly, would have been un-
just to the motives of those by whom it was ten-
dered; and yet, to receive it as a pecuniary indem-
nity was impossible, so long as he continued to be
Andrew Jackson. Sir, the opponents of this
measure must be hard pressed for argument to
plead these facts in bar of even a pecuniary claim
upon the treasury.
Will it be contended that we have not the con-
stitutional power to refund this money'? By those,
at least, who voted to the widow of General Har-
rison an appropriation of $25,000, such an objec-
tion cannot be urged. 1 did not vote for that ap-
propriation; it was a gratuity, and I believe this
Government has no right, under the Constitution,
to bestow gratuities from the public treasury. But
here is a different case. You have in your treasury
the money of a private individual, unjustly obtain-
ed; and there can be no want of power to restore
it to the proper owner. Suppose you refuse to do
justice, by failing to refund this fine to General
Jackson, what will the people say?
Sir, they know that you have already passed a
bill for the relief of the heirs of Hull, who surren-
dered an army under circumstances which excited
the strongest suspicions that he was guilty of trea-
son. The people also know that the Senate passed
a bill at the late session, (and many of the members
of this House were anxious for the passage of the
same bill,) to pay the Massachusetts militia, not for
fighting the battles of the country, but for refusing
to march over the Canada line with the tiew of at-
tacking the enemy.
Now, sir, after all this, if you refuse to refund
the fine unjustly imposed upon General Jackson,
who preserved his army, prevented a city from be-
ing sacked, and was liimself the victor of many
battles, the people will denounce this Congress as
the most unjust and factious body of men ever as-
sembled under the Federal Constitution.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ad-
ams] insidiously introduced la the debate upon this
question, the name of Arnold, the traitor—for his
own amusement, 1 suppose, but to the evident mor-
tification of the House. He said that Arnold ask-
ed an American in Europe, what the people of the
United States would do with him if m their pos-
session"? The American replied, that they wouk
bury the leg wounded in defence of his country,
with the "honors of war," an4 hang the rest of his
body for his treason.
Sir, the application of this anecdote to General
Jackson, and the connexion of his name with the
name of a traitor, is extremely unjust. That dis-
tinguished patriot holds no communion either with
the "overt" traitor, or with him who only meditates
