Feb. 1843.
27th Cong.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
• 3d Sess.
Northwestern Boundary—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and their reasons, given by themselves, for leaving
that great post—their grand quarters—in the year
1802. I use seven affidavits from the partners and
clerks of that company, used before the commis-
sioners under the 7th article of the Ghent treaty,
near twenty years ago; and all preserved in our
public documents of the session of 1837-38. The
first affidavit (in order to give a full view of the
whole case) I read in full: from the others, short
extracts will be read, to sustain the material points:
The sworn affidavit of William Mackay, partner in
the British Northwest Company,given at Montreal,
June 12th, 1827.
"The undersigned, William Mackay, gentle-
man, now of the city of Montreal, in the Province
of Lowes Canada, doth hereby certify: That
he was a partner of the Northwest Company,
under the firm of McTavisb, McGillivray, and
Company, for the fur-trade of Lake Superior, and
the countries east, north, and west of the said lake.
That the great depot of the fur-trade was at (he
Great Carrying-place, a few miles west of Pigeon
river, in Lake Superior. That from a strong be-
lief, founded on the assertions of the United States
officers at the garrison of Michilimackinac, to
himself in -person, that the above depot was within
the limits of the United, Stales, and they would
levy heavy duties on all merchandise, stores, &c.,
imported thereto, and on all furs, &c., exported
therefrom, (which, had it taken place, would have
been ruinous to the said company carrying on the
fur-trade,) the said company was obliged to ex-
amine the countries to the northward and eastward
of the said Great Carrying-place, for another route
to the interior countries." * * * "That the
undersigned, in the year 1801, at the orders of the
said Northwest Company, undertook, with Mr.
Jean Baptiste Pomainvill'e,-one of the clerks of
the said company, eight experienced men, and a
native, in a canoe, to explore a route from Lac La
Pluie to the mouth of the Dog river, in Lake Su-
perior, called Kamanistiquia; which they performed
with great difficulty and hard labor. That they
found the whole country through which they passed
a perfect wilderness." * * * " That, in the
year 1802, the undersigned explored another river
in the said new route, which, from its continuous
rapids, was found impracticable for loaded canoes,
and the present new route was then determined on
as that by which, in future, they would carry on
the fur trade, as being a country in which the
United Stales hud no claim,.
"That, in the year 1802, the said company began
clearing thc.forests at Kamanistiquia, for the erec-
tion of buildings, &c.; and that large parties of
men, for several years, were employed in making
carrying-places through the forests, some of them
over deep swamps and morasses, over which cause-
ways were laid of logs, squared on one side; and
that on the. Poitage Savanne the causeway is more
than two miles in length." * * * "That it was
with difficulty, by making presents to some, and al-
lowing extra wages toothers, that the men engaged
forms an amphitheatre, and is clear and inclosed,
and on the left corner of it, beneath a hill three or
four hundred feet in height, and crowned by others
of still greater altitude, is the fort, (Fort Charlotte,)
ticketed in with cedar palhsadoes, and inclosing
 ouses built with wood, and covered with shingles.
■ * * The porlage hence to Pigeon river is
line miles. * * * This is the cheat dkpot of
he fur-trade, where the north men, coming from
he interior—from the Assinaboin, the Saskatchi-
fine, the Atabasea, the Lake Wmipec, and other
ir interior lakes and rivers—and bringing the furs
 f a year's trade, meet the pork-eaters who bring
'He goods from Montreal, and where the two divis-
'fins of men exchange loads. * * * Twelve
■xindred men ofien meet here. * * * The
roprietors, in part, reside there. It is the head-
uarters of the company. The mode of living at
'•e Grand Portage is as follows: The proprietors,
' erks, guides, and interpreters mess together, to
" e number, sometimes, of one hundred, at several
bles, in one large hall; the provision consisting
' bread, salt pork, beef, hams, fish, venison, but-
r, peas, Indian corn, potatoes, tea, spirits, wine,
id plenty of milk—for which purpose, several
ilch cows are constantly kept. The mechanics
'.ve rations of such provisions; but the canoe-
;n, both from the north and from Montreal, (of-
i 1,200 in number,) have no other allowance,
re or in the voyage, than Indian corn and melt-
fat."—McKenzie's History of the Fur-trade,
in the fur-trade could be prevailed on to transport
the goods, furs, &c., by the new route. That, in
the year 1802, the undersigned, from very good
authority, received information that the United
Slates troops had actually landed at Michilimacki-
nac, the American garrison, for the purpose of
proceeding to the depot of the fur-trade, at the
Great Carrying-place, and there enforcing the duties
contemplated to be levied on the merchandise, furs,
&c., of the said Northwest Company, as British sub-
jects, had they not learned the said company were then
beginning to evacuate the said depot, situated at
the east end of the said Great Carrying-place.
"Thus, the undersigned.considers the new route
from Kamanistiquia to be more dangerous, of greater
length, and, requires more labor than the old route
by the Great Carrying-place, fyc,"
Extract from the sworn affidavit of John McGilli-
vray, a partner in the Norhwest Company, given at
Glengarry, in Upper Canada, June 27, 1827.
"John McGillivray, of Glengarry, in the said
district, gentleman, being duly sworn, deposeth and
saith: That he was a partner of the ci-devant North-
west Company, furnished with capital and goods
by the firm of McTavisb, Frobisher, Co., and
McTavish, McGillivray, & Co., of Montreal, for
the purpose of carrying on the far-trade of Lake
Superior, and the countries east, north, and west of
the said lake. That the great depot of the associa-
tion then composing the Northwest Company was
at the Great Carrying-place, on the border of Lake
Superiors few miles west of the mouth of the Pigeon
river.' That from a strong belief, founded upon the
assertions of the United States commanding officer
{hen stationed at Mackinac, (and, indeed, others,)
that the same depot was within the limits of the Uni-
ted States of America, and that it was the decided in-
tention of the Government of that country to appoint
and establish a military post there, in order thal\they
might levy duties on all merchandise, stores, fyc. fyc.
imported thereinto, and also on the furs exported
therefrom, consonant withthe laws and regulations
of their own State, after mature and deliberate con-
sideration it was then unanimously agreed to, by the
association composing the Northwest Company, that
the trade could not afford the heavy impost with which
it most inevitably would have beenburdened, andthat
it would ultimately prove -ruinous to the concern at
large.
"In the year 1802, this new route was again ex-
amined, and the road marked out then as the one
by which in future the fur trade was to be carried
on. That, at a very great expense, the concern had
to clear away thick woods, to erect many buildings,
&c., and for several years to employ large parties
of men to open roads through the forests or carry-
ing-places, to avoid many dangerous rapids and
falls in the rivers, and to communicate with brooks,
ponds, lakes, &e., which had no other communica-
tion. To ail appearances, this route had never
been practised, except by the natives whose hunt,
ing-grounds are in the vicinity thereof. It was
with some difficulty, and by allowing extra wages,
that the servants of the company employed in car-
rying on the fur-trade could be prevailed upon lo
undertake the transport of the goods, furs, &c.,
&c., by thisnew route. The deponent was several
years in the fur-trade, both before and after
that depot (or headquarters) was transferred from
the Grand Carrying-place to Kamanistiquia, (or
Fort William,) and was very well acquainted with
both routes. The new route is more dangerous,
is of greater length, and requires an infinite deal
more labor, especially in years of low water, than
the old route by the Grand Portage or the Great
Carrying-place, Pigeon river, tf-c,., to Lac La
Croix."
Extract from the sworn affidavit of H. Magillis, a
partner of the Northwest Company, given at
Glmgary in Upper Canada, June. 8th, 1827.
"The undersigned doth hereby certify that he
was a partner of the Northwest Company, under
the firm of McTavish, McGillivray, and Com-
pany, for the fur-trade of Lake Superior, and the
countries east, north, and west of the said lake.
That the great depot of the fur-trade was at the
Great Carrying-place, a few miles west of the sor-
tie of the Pigeon river. That from a strong belief,
founded on the assertion of the United States offi-
cers and others, that the above depot was within the
limits of the United States, and that heavy duties
would be levied on all merchandise, stores, &c.,
imported thereto, and on the furs exported there-
from, by the officers of the United States; which
would have been ruinous to the said firm,-.-they
were obliged to examine the countries northward
and eastward, for another route to the interior
countries.
" That, at a very great expense, they had to
clear a thick forest, to erect buildings, &c., and to
employ, for several years, large parties of men, to
open roads through the forests, to avoid dangeroils
rapids, falls, &e., in the rivers, as carryifig-plac'es
for their goods, furs, &c., and to communicate with
brooks, ponds, and lakes, -which had no othercom-
munication known; and that much of the lt>ads
was over deep swamp and morass; and to ptfoss
these, causeways of logs, squared on the surface,
were laid, in one place of more than two miles m
length.
"That it was with difficulty, and by allowing
extra wages, that the men employed in the fur-trade
could be prevailed on to undertake the transport of
goods, furs, &c., by this new route. The tin tier-
signed was several years in the fur-trade, both be-
fore and after the depot for the' fur-trade was
transferred from the Great Carrying-place to
Kamanistiquia, and was well acquainted with both
routes. That the new route is more dangerous, is of
greater length, and requires more labor, than the
old route by the Great Carrying-place, Pigeon river,
if-c., to Lac La Croix."
Extract from the sworn affidavit of Jean BaphsU
Pomainville, a clerk in, the Northwest Fur Com-
pany, given at Montreal, June 12, 1827.
"That in the year 1801, the undersigned, in his
capacity as clerk to the said company, was placed
under the orders of Colonel William Mackay
(then one of the partners of the Northwest Com-
pany) with eight men and one native, in a canoe,
to explore a route from the Rainy Lake to the mouth
of the Dog river in Lake Superior, called Kaman-
istiquia. That they did explore a route from thence
to the place called Kamanistiquia; that they found
the whole country a perfect wilderness, and it was
with great difficulty and hard labor that they,
reached Kamanistiquia. * * * * *
That the undersigned was a clerk in the service of
the Northwest Company several years before* and
after the depot for the fur-trade was transferred
from the Great Carrying-place, a few miles west
of the mouth of Pigeon river, in Lake Superior, to
Kamanistiquia; and believes the said transfer of
the depot ts have, been made on account of duties
threatened to be levied on (hegoods imported to,
and the furs exported from, the said depot at the
Great Carrying-place by the officers of the United
States. * * * * That the
undersigned was well acquainted with both routes,
and considers the new route (by the Kamanisti-
quia ) as of greater length, more dangerous, ami
requiring greater labor them the old route by the
way of the Great Carrying-place,{Grand Poitage.")
f-Iaving read these affidavits, Mr. B. said there
were others of the same tenor fromother gentlemen
of the late Northwest (now Hudson Bay) Company.
They all testify to the same points, and so nearly
in the same words, that it becomes a needless repe-
tition to recite them. They establish, beyond con-
troversy—1. That the Northwest Company occu-
pied the Grand Porlage, and made it the head-quar-
ters of the company, and the great depot of their
Indian trade, up to the year, 1802.' % That they
carried on their trade to the interior, ud to that
time, on the portage route of Pigeon river, 'which
route commenced in the Grand Portage. 3. That the
retention of North western posts, in violation of the
treaty of 1783, enabled them to retain possession of
the Grand Portage, and the portage route, until after
tile surrender of those posts under Mr. Jay's treaty.
4. That they broke up from the Grand Portage, and
abandoned the portage route in'the year 1802, and
opened anew route, and established a new post
fifty miles further north. 5. That they did this for
the avowed purpose of evacuating a post and re-
tiring from a route which belonged to the United
States, and to escape from the custom-house laws
and the jurisdiction of the United States. 6. That
they did this, upon the unanimous determination of
the members of the company, at great loss and
expense; and that the new route which they estab-
lished was longer, more difficult, more costly, and
worse in every respect than the one which they
abandones. The bare reading of the affidavits,
establishes all this: and now the mere reading- of
the treaty of 1783, and that of 1842, will establish
the remainder, and show that the boundaries of the
