134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th Cokg-"3d Sess.
Northwestern Boundary~Mr. Benton.
Senate.
United States have been altered by Mr. Webster,
for the purpose of restoring the British fur-traders
to the post and route which Jay's treaty compelled
them to abandon. These are the two treaties.
The treaty of 1783 says:
"Thence through Lake Superior, northward of
the isles Royale and Philippeaux, to the Long Lake;
thence, through the middle of said Long Lake, and
tXe.water communication between it and the Lake
of the Woods."
The treaty of 1842 says:
"Thence, adopting the line traced on the maps
by the commissioners, through the river St. Mary
and Lake Superior, to a point north of lie Royale
in said lake, one hundred yards to the north and
east of lie Chapeau, which last mentioned island
lies near the northeastern point of lie Royale,
where the line marked by the commissioners ter-
minates; and from the last-mentioned point, south-
westerly, through the middle of the sound between
lie Royale and the northwestern mainland, to the
mouth of Pigeon river, and up the said river, to
and through the north and south Fowl lakes, to the
lakes of th& height of land between Lake Superior
and the Lake of the Woods; thence, along the water
communication to Lake Saisaginaga, and through
that lake; thence, to and through Cypress Lake, Lac
du Bois Blanc, Lac la Croix, Little Vermillion
Lake, and Lake Namecan, and through the several
smaller lakes, straits, or streams, connecting the
lakes here mentioned, to that point in Lac la Plnie,
or Rainy Lake, at the Chaudiere falls, from which
the commissioners traced the line to the most north-
western point of the Lake of the Woods; thence
along the said line, to the said most northwestern
point, being in latitude 49 degrees 23 minutes 55
seconds north, and in longitude 95 degrees 14 min-
utes 38 seconds west from the observatory at
Greenwich; thence, according to existing treaties,
due south, to its intersection with the 49th parallel
of north latitude, and along that parallel to the
Rocky Mountains. It being understood that at all the
toater communications, and all the usual portages
along the line from Lake Superior to Hie Lake of
the Woods, and also Grand Portage, from the shore
of Jjake Superior' to the Pigeon river, as now ac-
tually used, shall be free and open to the use of the
citizens and suijeets of both countries."
Such are the words of the two treaties! and the
bare reading of them, without a recurrence to
maps, announces a great difference. That differ-
ence is as great, in fact, as the words would im-
port. To understand this difference, a modern
map, or some large map ofthe United States, should
be examined: one that would show, 1st. The two
parallel (nearly) lines of the Pigeon river route-
2d. The ICamanistiquia route; 3d. The junction of
these on the north side of Hunter's island. These
three points being seen on a map, the explanation
ot the whole becomes intelligible, and the differ-
ence between the lines ol 1783 and 1842 apparent
to every eye.
The terms of these two treaties announce a great
difference in the boundaries established by each of
them. The treaty ol 1783 follows the water com-
munication between the Lake Superior and the
Lake of the Woods: the treaty of 1842 designates
a line of lakes, rivers, and portages; and concludes
with making all the portages, and especially the
Grand Portage on Lake Supetior, free and open to
the use of both parties. The treaty of 1783 con-
tains nothing of this kind.
Admitting that the Pigeon river called for in the
treaty of 1842 is the Long Lake called for in the
treaty of 1783, and thus that the new line leaves Lake
Superior at the right place:—admitting this, I pro-
ceed to point out the fact, that, within twenty miles ol
the lake, the Pigeon river divides into two branches
--the southern bearing down through North and
South Fowl Lakes; the other bearing almost due
west, and taking the name of Arrow river. These
two branches approach and diverge, passing through
numerous small lakes, and forming many islands
until they reach the Height of Land, 40 miles from'
Lake Superior, and where the waters of that lake
and those of the Lake of the Woods rise within 679
paces of each oiher. Passing the Height of Land,
which is the dividing ridge which separates the
waters of the St. Lawrence from those of Hudson
Bay, the parallel routes again diverge, forming
the large island called Hunter's, and many smaller
islands, until they finally come together in Rainy
Lake, whence they issue by a river as large as the
Hudson, which flows into the Lake of the Woods
whence another large river flows into Lake Win- ij
nipec, whence the Missinnippi (of the Indians) now
called Churchill river, flows into Hudson's Bay.
These two parallel lines, from their first divergence
near Lake Superior, to their final conjunction in
Rainy Lake, a distance of more than 100 miles,
are known bynames as notorious and as distinct as
any two objects in nature can he. The northern,
or outer line, is called the Water Communication,
because it is the most continuous water line; the
southern, or inner line, is called the Portage Route,
because it has numerous portages, or carrying
places upon it. The former was the boundary of
the United States, under the treaty of 1783: the latter
was the trading route of the French when they
owned Canada, and of the British from the time
they conquered Canada in 1763, until they
removed to the Kamamstiquia route in the year
1802. Fullowing this southern, or inner route,
upon any map on a scale to show small objects,
and every landmark called for in the treaty of
1842 will be found, and will always be found
to follow the most southern deflexions of every
lake and river, so as to cut deepest at every possi-
ble point into the old and acknowledged territory of
the United States! Look at those calls, both in the
treaty and on the map. First, North and South
Fowl Lakes, many miles south of Arrow river;
then Lake Saisaginaga, Cypress Lake, and Bois
Blanc Lake, which carry you south of Hunter's
island; then Lake La Croix, and Vermillion Lake,
which keep you south of the Namecan river; then
the Namecan Lake, which takes you into the ex-
treme southern limb of Rainy Lake. These are the
new calls!—all to the south! every one pursuing each
lake or river to its extreme southern deflexion' and
then throwing in all the portages, and Grand Port-,
age itself, into the bargain. This is the new line;
and it will be shown in the proper place, that this
precise line was begged by the Northwest Com-
pany, in 1827, and refused by General Porter, (the
Ghent commissioner under the 7th article,) because
it would alter the boundaries of the United States.
What he refused, Mr. Webster granted.
This establishes the fact of the alteration of this
boundary. The further fact, that it was wrongfully
altered, and to the benefit of the British, and the
injury of the United States, remains to be estab-
lished; and to the proof of that I now proceed.
First, I point to the map now on the Secretary's
table, and which shows the boundary of the United
States marked up to the northern line ofthe Pigeon
river routes, and going north of the large island
called Hunter's. This is a late map. Forty others
of different dates, might be produced; and any per-
son, in any part of the United States, who has a
large map of the Union in his possession, may see
the boundary as there traced.
Next, I point to the British route opened in 1802
after the removal of the fur company from the
Grand Portage, which, passing up the ICamanis-
tiquia, and through Dog Lake, and the Thousand
Lakes, arrives at the boundary of the United States
on the north side of Hunter's Island, opposite its
middle, and follows the Malisne river, the ac-
knowlcdged boundary of the United States, to
Lac La Croix. This conjunction of the new Brit-
ish route with the United States boundary north of
Hunter's Island, is proof, from the British them-
selves, that the boundary was on the north of that
island, where the maps place it—and which decides
the whole question; for that island is the great land-
mark between the two routes, which are there sep-
arated to their widest degree of divergence. The
Webster line is on the south of this island; and
will so be marked in every map made after this
timr
Next, 1 refer to the eight affidavits of the gen-
01 t}le Northwest Fur Company, dated in
lb2b, all affirming that, in 1802, the company, by
a unanimous decision of its managers, removed
from the Grand Portage, on the south side of the
estuary of Pigeon river, to Fort William, on the
north side of the Kamanistiquia,/or the purpose of
getting out of the limits of the United States! and
that this new route brought them into the Mialione
river, (north side of Hunter's Island,) which river
they followed west to Lac La Croix. Thus the
British came into the northern branch of the Pi-
geon-river routes, and followed it west through
the wicked Maligne river, because they had no
right to go tothe southern branch.
Next, I refer to the eight treaties which guaran-
ty the northern of these routes as the boundary of
the United States, and the sixty years' possession
which we have had of that boundary, The trea-
ties referred to, are—1, that of the preliminaries
of peace, signed in 1782; 2, that of the peace it-
self, signed in 1783; 3, Jay's treaty of 1794; 4, Mr.
King's, of 1803; (rejected by the Senate;) 5, Mr.
Monroe's, of 1807, (rejected by Mr. Jefferson;) 6,
the Ghent treaty of 1814; 7, the convention of 1818,
by Messrs. Rush and Gallatin; 8, the renewal of
that convention in 1828. All these treaties—some
positively, others tacitly—confirmed the line from
Lake Superior to the Lake of the Woods. Wher-
ever the question was made, the attempt to alter
these boundaries was instantly repulsed. The ef-
fort, especially of the British traders, to get back to
the portage route, and to have the free and common
use of our portages, and to be exempt from duties
on our territory, was repulsed in every instance,
except one, (Jay's treaty;) and even then, so re-
stricted as not to be used by the British. That
these eight treaties all maintained our rights west
of Lake Superior, and "that they have all been
set at naught by the Webster treaty, is apparent
from their terms and their history; and I now pro-
ceed to quote those terms, and to show that his-
tory, so far as it shall be necessary to establish my
position.
1. The provisional treaty of peace, signed at
Paris, November 30, 1782: Messrs. John Adams,
Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, and Henry Laurens,
the commissioners on the part of the United States.
This preliminary treaty thus defines the boundary
from Lake Superior to the Lake of the Woods:
"Thence through Lake Superior, northward of
the isles Royale and Philippeaux, to the Long Lake;
thence through the middle of said Long Lake, and
the water communication between it and the Lake of
the Woods, to the Lake of the Woods."
These are the words of the preliminary articles
of peace; and these words have remained unaltered
from the year 1782 to the year 1842, when they were
changed by the Webster treaty.
2. The definitive treaty of peace of September 3,
1783^ This treaty was signed by Adams, Franklin,
and Jay; and in all that related to the boundary be-
tween Lake Superior and the Lake ofthe Woods,
was a transcript, word for word, of the boundary
described in the preliminaries of 1782.
3. Jay's treaty of 1794. The object of this treaty,
as we all know, was to settle some difficulties which
had grown up in the construction, or in the execu-
tion, of the treaty of 1783. Two of these difficul-
ties related to the Northwest: 1. The retention
of the northwestern posts by Great Britain: 2. The
impracticability of the boundary calls between the
Lake of the Woods and the Mississippi. The Eng-
lish retained the northwestern posts in defiance of
the treaty; and the call from the Lake of the Woods
to the Mississippi, being for a line due west, was
impracticable, because the source of the Mississippi
was south (nearly) from that lake. The posts were
retained for the sake of the fur-traders, and 10 keep
up a control over the Indians: the call for the Mis-
sissippi (regardless of the course) was adhered to
by the British, for the purpose of founding upon it
a claim to the navigation of that river. Mr. Jay
went to London to adjust (among others) these two
difficulties; and the adjustment of these questions
brought out all the pretensions, in relation to bound-
aries and Indian trade, which the British then set
up in that quarter. We will see what these pre-
tensions were, and how they were met by Mr. Jay.
Happily, there were protocols in those days; and, at
the distance of half a century, we can trace the
origin and progress ol every proposition, rejected
or not, which then engaged the attention of our
negotiator. A point with the British negotiator
(Lord Grenville) was, to obtain the admission of
goods, duty free, from Canada, through the territo-
ries of the United States —a point which was in-
stantly and decisively rejected by Mr. Jay. Under
date of October 29, 1794, from London, he thus
states the proposal, and his rejection of it:
It waspioposed that goods for the Indian trade
should pass from Canada to the Indians within the
United States, duty free: to this I could not con-
sent."
Instead of acceding to this pioposition, a restrict-
ed agreement for transportation of goods over the
portages (where they were on the boundary) was
inserted in the treaty, so little agreeable or avail-
able to the Northwe-l Company, that they had to
abandon the portage route west of Lake Superior
as soon as the treaty took effect. It was articled
onhe treaty, and in these words:
"And no duties shall be payable on any goods
which shall merely be carried over any of the port-
