Feb. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
27th ComG'*«*3d Sess.
Northwestern Boundary—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ages or carrying-places on either side, for the pur-
pose of being immediately reimbarked and carried
to some other place or places. But as, by this stip-
ulation, it is only meant to secure to each party a
free passage across the portages on each side, it is
agreed that this exemption from duty shall extend
only to such goods as are carried in the usual and
direct road across the portage, and are not attempt-
ed to be in any manner sold or exchanged during
(heir passage across the same; and proper regula-
tions may be established to prevent the possibility
of any frauds in this respect."
Thiswas the extent of Mr. Jay's concession—too
restricted to be acceptable; and inapplicable, be-
sides, to the portage route west of Lake Superior,
because that route was not a boundary! The article
was only applicable where the portages were on
the water communications which were boundaries.
The Northwest Company had no benefit from it
on the portage route of Pigeon river; and, there-
fore, broke up soon after, and removed fifty miles
north intothe wilderness route ofthe Kamanistiquia.
There they have wandered ever since! but the
Webster treaty, by making the portage route the
boundary, has put an end to their exile, brought
them back to the place from which they removed
forty years ago, and made the portage privileges
inestimably valuable to them. They will return,
under this treaty! and no higher evidence could be
given of the change which it has made in the
boundary. British territory will now be contigu-
ous to onr territory; and British stores, maga-
zines, and warehouses skirt the line from which
they have so long been removed.
No application was made to Mr. Jay to alter
the boundary from the outer to the inner line of
the Pigeon-river routes: the only thing which
could be done for the traders, was to prolong the
time for the surrender of the posts. This was ex-
tended two years; and the correspondence shows
that the object of the extension was to enable the
British fur-traders to collect their debts, and pre-
pare for removal. The time for the surrender of
the posts expired in 1796;,the company, unwilling
to quit the Grand Portage till almost driven away,
awaited the threatened • approach of troops from
Mackinaw, and only evacuated their position m
1802.
4. Mr. Rufus King's treaty of 1803. This was
a treaty (though rejected by the Senate) of the
highest importance, as testimony, in the ease.
The settlement of the boundary in the Northwest,
from the Lake of the Woods to the Mississippi,
■was one ot the objects of Mr. King's negotiation.
He was consequently employed oil a boundary
question, and a boundary west of Lake Superior;
and that, at the identical moment that the Northwest
' Company were breaking up from the fine position
of the Grand Portage, abandoning the portage
route, and going 50 miles north to explore, in the
wilderness, a new route incomparably worse. That
was the time to complain, ifevci ' That was ihe
time to claim the portage route as the true one;
or to ask for an alteration from the northern lothc
southern route! They did nosuch thing—neither
the one nor the other. The treaty is silent on the
whole subject—the correspondence also! So that,
in this critical andoppoilune moment, the suffer-
ing company never even pretend to utter a com-
plaint! They did not even ask (or the use of
portages and exemption from duties!
5. Mr. Monroe's treaty of 1807. This is almost
as important as that of Mr. King. It was soon
after the removal of the company, and while the
injury to them, if any had been done, was still
fresh and recent. It was still a favorable time for
them to complain, if wrong had been done them—
if duties had been illegally threatened, or a right
boundary unwillingly surrendered. It was still in
time for them to complain. But no; not a word.
The treaty and the protocols are wholly silent upon
thesubject; and this silence is an emphatic declara-
tion that the Grand Portage, and the whole portage
route to Rainy Lake, then belonged to the United
States, and that the British traders were justly ex-
cluded from them.
6. The Ghent treaty ol 1814. It was at the ne-
gotiation of this treaty that the British first sug-
gested a proposal for altering the boundary between
Lake Superior and the Lake of the Woods. The
American ministers heard the suggestion with in-
credulity, and supposed it to be a mistake, and that
it was the boundary between the Lake ofthe Woods
and the Mississippi which was intended; but the
British ministers repeated their suggestion, coupled
with the old demand for the free navigation of the
Mississippi, and the new one for an alteration of
the boundary between. Quebec and Halifax. A11
these demands the American ministers (Messrs.
J. a. Adams, J. A. Bayard, H. Clay, Jonathan
Russell, and Albert Gallatin) unanimously and
instantly rejected. The protocols and correspond-
ence show these proceedings on these points:
british propositions.
"The boundary line west of Lake Superior, and
thence to the Mississippi, to be revised; and the
treaty-right of Great Britain to the navigation of
the Mississippi to be continued. When asked
whether they did not mean the line from the Lake
of the Woods to the Mississippi, the British com-
missioners repeated that they meant the line from
Lake Superior to that river.
"A direct communication from Halifax and the
province of New Brunswick to Quebec, to be se-
cured. to Great Britain. In answer to our question,
In what manner that was to be effected] we were
told that it must be done by a cession to Great Brit-
ain of that portion of the district of Maine, m the
State of Massachusetts, which intervenes between
New Brunswick and Quebec, and prevents that di-
rect communication.
"There will then remain for discussion the ar-
rangement of the Northwestern boundary between
Lake Superior and the Mississippi, the free navi-
gation of that river, and such a variation of the
line of frontier as may secure a direct communica-
tion between Quebec and Halifax.
american answer.
"The undersigned further perceive that, under
the alleged purpose of opening a direct communica-
tion between two of the British provinces in Amer-
ica, the British Government require a cession of
territory forming a part of one of the States of the
American Union; and that they propose, without
purpose specifically alleged, to draw the boundary
line \vestwuid—not from the Lake of the Woods, as
it now is, but from Lake Superior. It must be per-,
fectly immaterial to the United States whether the'
object of the British Government, in demanding
the dismemberment ofthe United States, is to acquire
territory as such, or for purposes less liable, in the
eyes of the world, to be ascribed to the desire of ag-
grandizement. Whatever the motive may be, and.
with whatever consistency views of conquest may
be disclaimed, while demanding for herself or the
Indians a cession of territory more extensive than
the whole island of Great Britain, the duty marked
out for the undersigned is Ihe same. They have
no authority (o cede any part of the territory of the
United States; audio no stipulation to that effect will
they subset ibe,"
These were the British demands, and the Ameri-
rananswers, at Ghent' and mark them well. The
British propositions are put forth as matters of fa-
vor, and not o( right; and the gentlest language is
used to veil their pretensions A revision ofthe
line from Lake Superior—a variation of the line
between Quebec and Halifax—a cession ofteirito-
ry for the benejit of Great Britain in ihe North-
easl, or of her Indian allies in the Northwest.
This is the form of her request. No error in either
existing line suggested ! No right pretended1 Fa-
vors only requested for herself and her Indians!
and these favors instantly rejected by the unanimous
voice of the five American commissioners. Who
would have believed, at that time, that what was
then asked as favois, should afterwards be demand-
ed as rights'! and what was then rejected by five
American commissioners, should, folly years af-
terwards, be granted by one Secretary-negotiator]
The Ghent commissioners refused either to revise
the boundary beyond Lake Superior, or to vary the
line between Quebec and Halifax: and they refused
both tor the same reason— that they could not dis-
member the United States, or cede away any part
of its territory!
The time of these requests deserves to be marked:
it shows the spirit in which they originated, and
that both were—what our Secretary-negotiator prop-
erly characterized one of them toba—the progeny oj
the late war! The war had shown the value of a
direct communication through Maine from Halifax
to Quebec; and, therefore, they asked for a grant of
that direct communication, to facilitate their opera-
lions against us in future wars. The same jrar
had also shown the power and efficiency of the
Northwest Company in directing the Indians against
us; and, therefore, they sought to increase the ad
vantages of this company in the great seat of theit
empire west of Lake Superior, in order to make
them still more efficient and still more powerful
against us in future* \vars. This was the origin of
the two requests at Ghent: and the five American
commissioners then there, having American hearts
in their bosoms, instantly and utterly rejected both
propositions, and in the same words. They de-
clared that they would subscribe to no such propo-
sitions: and there ended the attempt either to revise
the Lake Superior line, or to vary the Mainebound-
ary at Ghent.
Instead of revision or variation—instead of ces-
sion or dismemberment—articles were agreed upon,
for running and marking the true boundary, ac-
cording to the terms of the treaty of peace of 1783.
Messrs. Adams, Clay, Bayard, Russell, and Galla-
tin, with true American feeling, adhered to the
sacred-revolutionary boundaries traced by the ven-
erable hands of Franklin, John Adams, and Jay.
They adhered to these boundaries, and adopted
measures to ascertain and perpetuate them. Leav-
ing out all that relates to Maine, I quote the article
(the 7th of the treaty) for the purpose of showing
what they did in relation to the I.ake Superior
boundary, now the subject of controversy before the
Senate. It is in these words:
"It is further agreed, that the said two lastmen-
ioned commissioners, after they shall have ex-
ecuted the duties assigned to them in the preceding
article, shall be, and they are hereby, authorized,
upon their oaths, impartially to fix and determine,
according to the true intent of the said treaty of
peace of 1783, that part of the boundary, between the
dominions of the two powers, which extends from
the water communication between Lake Huron and
Lake Superior to the most northwestern point of
the Lake of the Woods, to decide to which of the
two parties the several islands lying in ihe lakes,
water communications, and rivers, forming the
said boundaiy, do respectively belong, in conform-
ity with the true intent of the said treaty of peace
of 1783; and to cause such parts of the said bound-
ary as lequired ittobesurveyedand marked," (with
reference to a friendly sovereign in case of differ-
ence of opinion, as in the case of the Maine bound-
ary.)
This was the end of the attempt to revise the
Lake-Superior boundary at Ghent. The Ameri-
can commissioners unanimously refused the revis-
ion; and the British commissioners agreed to an.
article to have the treaty of '83 carried into eflect
according to its true intent. For this purpose,
commissioners, under oath, were to examine the lo-
calities, set apart the islands in the water commu-
nications to the parties to which they belonged,
and to mark the boundary where necessary. The
7th article of the treaty contained this agreement;
and under it, Gen. Porter, on the part of the United
States, and Mr. Barclay, on the part of Great Brit-
ain, were appointed commissioners. They were
employed on this part of the line, at different pe-
riods, from the year 1824 to 1827; and now the
whole secret came out, which had been concealed
from our commissioners at Ghent. When asking
lor a revision of the Lake-Superior and Lake-of-
the-Woods boundary, the British commissioners
kept their fur-traders out of view, and put forward
the Indians as the people for whose benefit an al-
teration ofthe line was wanted. No sooner has
the board met, under the Ghent treaty, to act upon
this part of the line, than the Indians are dropped!
—the true parties, and the true object, appear!—
and this true party is the Northwest Fur Company;
and the true object is the return of this company
ftom the wilderness of the Kamanistiquia to the
Grand-Portage route within the United States,
and to be exempt from duties when so returned!
It was now that propositions for altering the
boundary were made by McGillivray, the head
of the fur traders—now, that he pleaded for the
southern-portage route—now, that he begged in
vain for the identical boundary which the Web-
ster treaty has granted: and it was at that time
that all the affidavits were taken to show-that the
portage route was the old route—that the British
had practised it before they went to the Kaman-
istiquia : and it was now that the absurd preten-
sion to the St. Louis river as a boundary was
brought forward, in order to be surrendered as a
compromise for that southern portage route which
commanded all their affections. It was at that
time, in fact, that the attempt was made to sub-
stitute the old trading route for the water com-
munication—the very attempt which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] is now ma-
king, and for which he is using their affidavits!
