•136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th Cosa—-Sb Sbss.
Northwestern Boundary—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
The reports of the commissioners to their respec-
tive Governments prove ail this, and show that
General Porter was as decisive in refusing, as the
traders were pertinacious in demanding, the altera-
tion of the boundary, and a return of the Fur Com-
' pany to the trading route which they had lost by
the treaty of 1783, enforced by the treaty of Mr. Jay.
Document No. 451, of the executive papers of 1837-
38, proves all this, and shows that the British fur-
traders were the real party which appeared before
the commissioners under the 7th article of the
Ghent treaty; that to get back to the Grand Port-
age, and to be exempt from duties, was their open
object; and that, to effect this, they used all the ar-
guments there, which the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Choate] has here repeated; and without
effect then, whatever influence they may have now.
Mr. William McGillivray, the head of the com-
pany, was the principal organ of these traders; and
had candor enough to show, from the beginning,
that the pretension to the St. Louis river as a bound-
ary was a mere manoeuvre to get a compromise
for the portage route, exemption from duties, and the
free and common use of all our portages. Hear
him in his letters and affidavits before the Ghent
commissioners: I quote from his letter of Sept. 4,
- 1824, to Mr. Hale, the British agent before the
Ghent commissioners:
"The surveys made of the Lake Superior last summer, and
the previous examination of its coast by Mr. Thompson and
others, show sufficiently that no inlet (to deserve the name) is
to be found on its northern shore, Opposite to the west end of
isle Royale (or isle Minong, as it is generally called) is a email
inlet, or bay, into which falls the Riviere aux Tourtres
tPigeon, or Dove river,1 which is navigable for about half a
mile, when you come to the rapids. About nine or ten miles
westward of this river is the Grand Portage, a carrying-place
near three leagues in length; at the north end of which you
again find the Riviere aux Tourtres; this river, or, rather, a
chain Of portages and rapids, is followed up to its source—per-
haps m all forty miles—when you come to the height of land
dividing the waters which fall into Lake Supeiior liom those
falling ultimately into Hudson's Bay, through the Lake of the
Woods and Lake Winnipec. At first, these waters are so
trifling and shallow as not to have sufficient depth or width to
pass a canoe of twenty.five feet with any loading; it, however,
soon increases by the addition of several other small streams,
and forms, by the time it falls in Lac La Pluie, a river of con-
siderable magnitude; but the route of the voyageur from the
height of land is impeded by many carrying-places and rapids,
which connect the little lakes into which it frequently widens
its course, These lakes are, in succession, (going into the
interior,) 1st, Stmganiga; 2d, Lac des Bois Blanc; 3d,
Lac Croche; 4th, Lac La Croix; and 5th, Namecan Lake;
then Lot La Pluie. But these lakes are very rtisiant from
each other, though connected by rapids and canymg places,
except the two last mentioned, which are only separated by one
carrying-place of no great length. How this route between
Lake Superior and Lac La Pluie could ever be called the
Long Lake, I cannot conceive; for it is made up of shallow and
narrow small rivers and rapids without number, and thirty-six
carrying-places, togetherwith the lakes above mentioned, with
many others not worthy of a name.
"By this route, and this route only, was the trade to the
northwest country carried on by the French while in posses-
6'°n of Canada, and from the conquest until the year 1603 by
the English traders; when the difficulties and expense attend-
ing the transportation of goods from Lake Superior, by way of
the Grand Portage, to Lac La Pluie, became so great that the
Northwest Company removed the general depot to Kamanis-
tiquxa, since called Fort William, stationed about fifty miles
eastward of the Grand Portage. The whole length of the carry-
mg-places from Lake Superior to Lac La Pluie, by this route,
(portage,) is twenty-seven miles; which is less, by five or six
than the other, (Kamanistiquia.)"
* *   • *
"If the route by the river St. Louis, or Fond du Lac, could be
fstabhshea as the boundary, it would he gaming a great
rxtent of country. The distance computed from the urand
Portage to FondduLac is eighty leagues. Sudan arrange-
ment, however, cannot behopedfor; although it may be stated
jh one of the routes connecting Lake Superior to the Lake of
the Woods. To the new route from Fort William they (the
Americans) have no pretensions whatever, as it was never prac-
fBod by the French, nor by the English traders until 1803; and
one reason for the Northwest Company's abandoning the Grand
Portage at the lime, (which was done at agreat sacrifice,) was
a fear that the collector of the customs at Michilimackinac
uouid send officers to raise duties on our goods. Thishadbeen
threatened, and J have no doubt would have been attempted
had weremained much longer at the Grand Portage. As to
whether the Riviere aux T'ourtres,' already mentioned, from
its debouch© into the lake, or the road in the Grand Portace
until it strikes the said river, (which is really the ancient route,
as the river to this point is altogeth«r impracticable,) per-
haps the only question; and thespace of country to be gain-
ed or lost by either party isof little or no consequence, as it
it a mountainous, eteril tract; but, by making the river the
boundary from the lake, there isno means of gelling to the
north end of the Grand Portage, (the point 01 embarcatirm
tor canoes;) it would, therefore, be excluding Britishsubjects
from, going into the interior by that route; whereas, by ma-
king it through the Brand Portage to the same point of
embarcahon, it leaves the road open to both parlies This
route is now but little practised, as most of the canoes joins
in pass by the Fort William route." 6
Such is the letter of Mr. McGillivray, and it
covers every point in the case. It presents every
demand made of General Porter, and refused by
'Pigeon river,
Mm, and now granted by the Webster treaty, and
defended by the Senator from Massachusetts; and
it presents every argument in favor of these de-
mands which the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choate] now presents to the Senate.
The British commissioner, Mr. Barclay, became
the strenuous advocate of the traders; entering with
zeal into their scheme of establishing the old tra-
ding route on the portage line as the boundary uf
the United States, for the purpose of getting them
back to that route. Following'|the lead of McGilli-
vray, he offered his first proposition of compromise
in these terms.
"The British commissioner, on the other hand, offered to
abandon the river St. Louis, on condition that his colleague
[General Porter] would agree to accept the Grand Portage
route, commencing on Lake Superior, about six miles to the
southwest of the mouth of the Pigeon river; thence, up that
river, and following the portage route, alternately by land
and toater, to Lac La Pluie, as described on the journal."
General Porter objected to the portage route, and
adhered to the water communication of Pigeon
ri ver in thete words:
"The American commissioner proposed to relinquish the
Kamanistiquia route, provided that his colleague would con-
sent to run the line from the mouth of the Pigegn river, Riviere
aux Tourtres, up the middle of that river, and thence, through
the most continuous water communication, to L<tc La Pluie,
as described on the journal.
Mr. Barclay insisted for the portage route, as the
Senator from Massachusetts now does; and General
Porter shows that, in this, he was enforcing the
proposition of Mr. McGillivray. He says of Mr.
Barclay's proposition:
"This last istheroute assumed by Mr. McGillivray; and
it appears from his letters, that the only question m his mind
as to the course of the boundary intended by the treaty was,
whether it should follow this route, or take the water route
proposed (by way of compromise) by the undersigned, com-
mencing in and proceeding up Pigeon rivei, &c.; and that he
has been induced ro adopt the former, on the ground that it
would accommodate each paity with a convenient thorough-
fare for their trade to the Northwest."
This is General Porter's remark upon it; and it
shows that Mr. Barclay's proposition was Mr. Mc-
Gillivray's, and that the question was between the
water communication called for in the treaty of
'78 and the portage trading route, practised before
that treaty, and afterwards until Jay's treaty. Gen.
Porter adhered to the water communication, as his
oath and his duty required him to do; and thus ex-
presses both his determination and his reason for it
in his report to his Government. He says:
"Although the difference between the two commissioners
was by the above propositions greatly narrowed, and, indeed,
rendered of little eonsequenco in po'int of territorial extent
and value; yet the undersigned, considering the obligation
imposed by the treaty to follow a water communication,
whei e one could be found, as imperative, did not leel himself
at liberty to accede to the proposition of his colleague."
Such was the answer of General Porter, and
no stronger or higher evidence could be given of
the truth of the boundary, as established by the
treaty of 1783, in the water communication, and
not in the trading route. He was under oath—on
the spot—had access to all testimony—and adhered
to the water line as the new boundary. That line
had but one interruption; and that at the Height of
Land, of six hundred and seventy-nine paces, as
shown by Sir Alexander MeKenzie:* the other,
has thirty-six portages, and twenty-seven miles of
land carriage, as just shown in the letter of Mr.
McGillivray. Foiled in this proposition to begin
the line at the Grand Portage, and go over land to
the trading route, the British commissioner then
proposes an other—namely, to begin in the mouth of
Pigeon river, follow it to the separation of the
streams at Arrow river; then follow the southern
portage route, and make all ihe portages free and
common to ihe use of both parties. This was his
last proposition, and is thus stated, and thus re-
fused by General Porter:
'"From hence thecouiseis on the lake of the same name,
west-southwest three miles to theHeight of Land (Hauteur de
Terre, ot the French,) where the water? of Dove or Pigeon
river (Riviere aux Tourtres, of the French,) terminate, and
which is one of the sources of the fa eat St. Lawrence in this di-
rection. Having carried the c&noe and Knhn? over it, six hun-
dred and seventy-nine paces, they embark on the lake of
Hauteur de Tene, which ism the shape of a hoiseshoc. It is
entered near the curve, and left at the extiemity of the western
limb, through a very shallow channel where the canoe passes,
half loaded, for thirty paces, with the current, which leads
through the succeeding takes and rivers, and disembogues by
the river Nelaoi into Hudson's Bay."—MeKenzie's History of
the Fur trade, London quarto of 1801, p. 51. Geogiaphers
ha*e done injustice tc the works of nature m this quarter, in not
presenting, as one i iver, the great stream which rises within
six hundred and seventy-nine paces of the head of the St. Law-
rence, and makes its way through many email, and some large
lakes, into Hudson's Bay. Even betore it reaches the Lake of
the Woods, this river is as large as the Hudson, with fertile an
well-timbered hanks,
"To a subsequent modified proposition of the British com-
missioner, to take a water line commencing m the mouth of
Fig eon liver, and thence proceeding to Rainy Lake, accompa-
nied by a stipulation that the Grand Portage route should be
made free and common to the use of both parlies, he also felt
t to be his duty to object, on the- ground that such a stipula-
tion would involve the exercise of powers not confided to him
by his commission
This is the account given of these*propositions
and of their fate, by General Porter, The British,
commissioner (Mr. Barclay) gives the same ac-
count in his report to his own Government; -with
the important additional particular, that General
Porter's refusals were in conformity to the advice
which he had received from his own Government!
Hear him:
" 'And as to the proposition of Mr. Porter, to conduct Ihe line
from Lake Superior to the mouth of Pigeon river; thence,
through the middle of said river, proceeding to Lake La Pluto
by the most direct and continuous water communication, Mr.
Barclay consented to adopt a route from Lake Superior, by the
Grand Portage, to Pigeon liver; and thence, by the most easy
and direct route, to Lac La Pluie, provided the American
commissioner would consent that the boundary should be
conducted from water to water, ovei land, through the mid'
die of the old and accustomed portages, in those places
where—from falls, rapids, shallows, or any other obstruction—
the navigation and access into the interior by water are rendered
impracticable. Such a route, with all the portages, is here de-
scribed by Mr. Barclay, for greater certainty;5 the particulars
of which route will be seen in the section last referred to.
"The commissioner oi the United States having declined ac-
cepting the modification of his proposal for a compromise, as
above set forth, the undersigned shortly after made another
proposition to him, to the following effect: That, for the pur-
pose of effecting a compromise—an object so desirable to both
parties—the undersigned would consent to relinquish the pro-
posed estabhshmentof the boundary through and over the mid-
dle of the portages, and to fix it as a water line in the course of
the water communications described for that purpose by the un-
dersigned, provided he (the American commissioner) would
unite in declaring the portages common and free to the law-
fuluse of both nations; the undersigned always alleging that he
deemed it a part of the duty of the commissioners to preserve
the communication open.
"This proposition, also, was lately declined by the com-
missioner of the United Slates, by the advice (as he stated)
of his Government
Thus the American and the British commissioners
are accordant in their account of this whole affair.
They show that the British fur-traders were the
real parties to this question of boundary—that a
compromise of this line was their policy—that the
portage line, and the free and common use of
the portages, was their object—and that all this was
declined by General Porter, because contrary to
the treaty of 1783, and because he was so advised to
decline it by his own Government. That Govern-
ment (or rather the administration of it) was then
in the hands of gentlemen who had acted on this
subject at the Ghent negotiations. Mr. John Gluincy
Adams was President; Mr. Clay was Secretary of
Slate; and their advice to General Porter was in
exact conformity to iheir answer to the British
commissionersatGhent in 1814—namely, aperemp-
tory refusal to revise this line J or any object whatever!
And now, is anything further wanting to show
that this whole question, so tardily got tip after the
late war—this whole question about the boundary
west of Lake Superior—was a conception of the
British fur-traders, got up for their own interest,
and to redeem them from the wilderness of the
Kamanistiquia, and to restore them to the Grant*
Portage, and the whole portage route, from whic'^
they removed in the year 180-2, because that rouf
was on the territory of the United States? Is thei
anything more wanting to prove this'? If there b
here it is! The express declaration of Mr. Ba
clay in the concluding paragraphs of his report t
his Government. In that report he says:
|j "It is a fact, familiar to every person who ha
investigated this point, or who is conversant wit!
the interests concerned in it, that the traders ar
extremely desirous of returning from the Kamanis
tiquia route to the more southern routes; and that the
are resolved to do so, if the boundary be establisha
in such a manner as to authorize them."
This brings me to the end of .the proceeding
under the Ghent treaty, and to the end of the sixtf
treaty, which consecrated our title to the boundar
of 1783 between Laks Superior and the Lake c
the Woods. But two other treaties remain to b
noticed: and the notice of them shall be brief; fo
they are silent upon this boundary; and this is
case in which silence is as expressive as word;
They are:
7. The convention of 1818, in regard to the bour
daryfrom Lake Superior to the Lake of the Wood,
and for the joint occupation of the Columbia. Thi
convention is silent on the subject of the boundar
on this side of the Lake of the Woods; and th'
proves that the question was then at rest.
8. The continuation of that convention in 182
