Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13 
27th Cong 3d
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Calhoun,
Senate.
mouth of that river, where a formidable body of
men, as hardy and energetic as any on this conti-
nent, in the service of the Hudson Bay Company,
and numerous tribes of Indians under iis control,
could be prepared to sustain and co operate with it.
Such is the facility with which she could concen-
trate a force there to maintain her claim to the ter-
ritory against ours, should they be brought into
collision by this bill.
I now turn to examine our means of concentra-
ting an opposing force by land and water, should it
become necessary to maintain our claim. We
have no military or naval position in the Pacific
ocean. Our fleet would have to sail from our own
shores, and would have to cross the line and double
Cape Horn in 56 degrees of south latitude; and,
turning north, recross the line, and ascend to lat-
itude 46 north, in order to reach the mouth of Co-
lumbia river—a distance from New York (over the
straightest and shortest line) of more than 13,000
miles, and which would require a run of more
than 18,000 of actual sailing on the usual route.
Instead of six weeks, the voyage would require six
months. I speak on the authority of one of the
most experienced officers attached to the Navy De-
partment.
These facts are decisive. We could do nothing
by water. As far as that elemeht is concerned, we
could not oppose to her a gun or a soldier in the
territory.
But, as great as are the impediments by water,
they are, at present, not much less so by land. If
we assume some central point in the. State of Mis-
souri as the place of rendezvous, from which our
military force would commence its march for the
territory, the distance to the mouth of the Columbia
river will be found to be about two thousand miles;
of which much more than a thousand miles would
be over an unsettled country, consisting of naked
plains or mountainous regions, without provisions,
except such game as the rifle might supply. On a
greater portion of this long march, the force would
be liable to be attacked and harassed by numerous
and warlike tribes of Indians, whose hostilities
might be readily turned against us by the British
traders. To march such a distance without oppo-
sition would take upwards of 120 days, assuming
the march to be at the usual rate for military forces.
Should it be impeded by the hostilities of Indians,
the time would be greatly prolonged.
I now ask, How could any considerable force
sustain itself in so long a march, through a region
so destitute of supplies'? A small detachment might
live on game; but that resource would be altogether
inadequate to the support of an army. But admit-
ting an army could find sufficient supplies to sus-
tain itself on its march to the territory, how could
it sustain itself in an uncultivated territory, loo re-
mote to draw supplies from our settlements in its
rear, and with the ocean in front, closed against
it by a hostile fleef? And how could supplies be
found to return, if a retreat should become neces-
sary'? In whatever view the subject may be re-
garded, I hazard nothing in asserting, that such is
the difficulty at present, on our pari, of concentra-
ting and maintaining a force in the territory, that
a few thousand regulars, advantageously fortified
on the Columbia river, with a small naval force to
support them, could, with the aid of the employees
oflhe Hudson Bay Company, and the co-operation
of the Indians under its influence, bid defiance to
any effort we could make to dislodge them. If all
other difficulties could be surmounted, that of trans-
porting a sufficient battering train, with all of its
appurtenances, to so great a distance, and over so
many obstacles, would be insuperable.
Having now made good my fir.^t position—
thalthe attempt, at present, to assert and maintain
our exclusive claim lo the territory, against the ad-
verse claim of Great Butain, must prove unsuc-
cessful, if she resisted, it now remains to inquire
whether she would resist. And here let me say,
whatever might be the doubts ol others, surely they
who have, in this discussion, insisted so strongly
on her power, her jealousy, and her determination
to hold the territory, cannot doubt that she would
resist. If, indeed, provoking language can excite
her to resistance, or if half which has been said of
her hostile disposition be true, she not only would
resist, but would gladly seize so favorable an occa-
sion to do so, while we are comparatively so weak,
and she so strong in thai.. quarter. However un-
favorable the time might be for us, for her it would
be the most propitious. Her vast resources and
military power in the East are liberated, and at her
disposal, to be directed to assert and maintain her
exclusive claim to the territory against ours, if
she should determine to follow our example, in
case this bill should pass. Even I, who believe that
the present Ministry is disposed to peace; that the
recent mission to this country originated in the
spirit of peace; and that Sir Robert Peel has exhib-
ited great wisdom and moderation—moderation in
the midst of splendid success, and therefore more to
be trusted—do not doubt she would resist, if we should
adopt this measure. We must not forget, as clear
as we believe our title to be, that the right to the
territory is in dispute between the two countries;
and that, as certain as we regard our right to be, she
regards hers as not less so. It is a case of adverse
conflicting claims; and we may be assured, if we
undertake to assert our exclusive right, she will
oppose us by asserting hers; and if the appeal should
be to force, to decide between us at piesent, the re-
sult would be inevitable—the territory would be
lost to us. Indeed, this is so incontestable, that no
one has ventured to deny it; and there is no hazard
in asserting that no one will, who understands the
subject, and does not choose to have the soundness
of his judgment questioned.
But it may be asked, What then? Shall we aban-
don our claim to the territory'? I answer, No. I
am utterly opposed to that; but, as bad as that would
be, it would not be as much so as to adopt a rash and
precipitate measure, which, after great sacrifices,
would finally end in its loss. But 1 am opposed to
both. My object is to preserve, and not to lose, the
territory. I do not .agree with my eloquent and
able colleague that it is worthless. He has under-
rated it, both as to soil and climate. It contains a
vast deal of land, it is true, that is barren and
worthless; but not a little that is highly productive.
To that may be added its commercial advantages,
which will, in time, prove to be great. We must
not overlook the important events to which I have
alluded as having recently occurred in the eastern
portion of Asia, ' As great as they are, they are but
the beginning of a series of a similar chaiacter,
which must follow at no distant day. What has
taken place in China, will, in a few years, be fol-
lowed in Japan, and all the eastern portions of that
continent. Their ports, like the Chinese, will be
opened; and the whole of that large poition of Asia,
containing nearly half of the population and wealth
of the globe, will Be thrown open to the commercc
of the world, and be placed within the pales of Eu-
ropean and American intercourse and civilization.
A vast market will be created, and a mighty im-
pulse will be given to commerce. No small portion
of the share that would fall to us with this populous
and industrious portion of the globe, is destined to
pass through the ports of the Oregon Territory to
the valley of the Mississippi, instead of taking the
circuitous and long voyage round Cape Horn; or
the still longer, toitnd the Cape of Good Hope. It
is mainly bccause I place this high estimate on
its prospective value, that 1 am so solicitous to pre-
serve it, and ^o adverse to this bill, or any other
precipitate measure which might terminate in its
loss. If I thought less of its value, or if I regarded
our title less clear, my opposition would be less de-
cided.
Having now, I trust, satisfactorily shown, that,
if we should now attempt to assert and maintain our
exclusive right to the territory, against the adverse
claim ot Great Britain, she would resist; and that
if she resisted, our attempt would be unsuccessful,
and the territory be lo^t,—the question presents itself,
How ahall we preserve it"?
There is only one means by which it can be;
but that, fortunately, is the most powerful of all—
time. Time is acting for us; and, if we shall have
the wisdom to trust its operation, it will assert
and maintain our right with resistless force, with-
out costing a cent of money, or a drop of blood.
There is oiten, in the affairs of government, more
efficiency and wisdom in non-action, than in ac-
tion. All we want to effect our objectin this case,
is "a wise and masterly inactivity." Our popula-
tion is rolling towards the shores of the Pacific,
with an impetus greater than what we realize.
It is one of those forward movements which leaves
anticipation behind. In the period of thirty-
two years which have elapsed since I took my seat
m the other House, the Indian frontier has receded
a thousand miles to the West. At that lime, our
population was much less than half what it is
now. It was then increasing at the rate of about
a quarter of a million annually; it is now not
less than si* hundred thousand; and still in-
creasing at the rate of something more than
three per cent, compound annually. At that rate,
it will soon reach the yearly, increase of a million.
If to this be added, "that the region west of Ar-
kansas and the State of Missouri, and south of the
Missouri river, is occupied by half-eivilized tribes,
who have their lands secured lo them by treaty, (and
which will prevent the spread of population in that
direction, and that this great and increasing tide
will be forced to take the comparatively narrow
channel to the north of that river and south of our
northern boundary, some conception may be form-
ed of the stiength with which the current will run
in that direction, and how soon it will reach the
eastern gorges of the Rocky Mountains. I say some
conception; for I feel assured that the reality will
outrun the anticipation. In illustration, I will
repeat what I stated when I first addressed the Sen-
ate on this subject. As wise and experienced as
was President Monroe—as much as he pad witness-
ed of the growth of our country in his time, so in-
adequate was his conception of its rapidity, that
near t he close of his Admin istration, m the year 1824,
he proposed lo colonize the Indians of New York,
and those north of the Ohio river and east of the Mis-
sissippi, in what is now called the Wisconsin Ter-
ritory; under the impression that it was a portion
of our territory so remote, that they would not be
disturbed by our increasing population for a long
time to come. It is now but 18 years since; and
already, in that short period, itis agreat and flour-
ishing Territory, ready to knock at our door for
admission as one of the sovereign members of the
Union. But what is still more striking—what is.
really wonderful and almost miraculous, is, that
another territory (Iowa) still further west, (beyond
the Mississippi,) has sprung up, as if by magic, and
has already outstripped Wisconsin, and may knock
for entrance before she is prepared to do Si Such
is the wonderlul growth of a population, which has
attained the number ours has, and is still yearly
increasing at the compound rate itis; and such the
impetus with which it is forcing its way, resistlessly,
westward. It will soon—far sooner than antici-
pated—reach the Rocky Mountains, and be ready
to pour into th® Oregon. Territory, when it will
come into our possession without resistance or
struggle; or, if (here should be resistance, it would
be feeble and ineffectual. We would then be as
much stronger there, comparatively, than Great
Britain, as she is now stronger than we are; and it
would then be as idle in her to attempt to assert and
maintain her exclusive claim to the territory
against us, as it would now be in us to attempt
it against her. Let us be wise, and abide our time,
and it will accomplish all that we desire, with far
more certainty, and with infinitely less sacrifice,
than we can without it.
But, if the time had already arrived for the suc-
cessful assertion of our right against any resistance
which might be made, it would not, in my opinion,
be expedient, in the present condition of the Gov-
ernment. It is weak—never more so; weak poli-
tically, and from the state of the finances. The
former was so ably and eloquently described by my
colleague, that I have nothing to add, but a single
remark on the extraordinary state of parties at
present. There arc now three parties in the Union;
of which one is in possession of the Executive de-
partment, another of the Legislative, and the other,
judging by the recent elections, of the country;
which has so locked and impeded the operations
of the Government, that it is scarcely able to take
measures necessary to its preservation.
In turning from this imbecile political condition
of the Government, and casting my eyes on the
state of its finances, I behold nothing but disorder
and embarrassment; credit prostrated; a new debt
contracted, already of considerable amount, and
daily increasing; expenditures exceeding income;
and the prospect, instead ol brightening, growing
still more gloomy. Already thedebt falls not much
short of thirty millions of dollars; to which will be
added, from present appearances, by the end of the
year, (if the appropriations are not greatly cur-
tailed, and the revenue improved,) not less, proba-
bly, than ten millions, when the interest would be
upwards of two millions of dollars annually—a sum
more than equal to the net revenue from the
public lands. The only remaining revenue is
derived from the foreign commerce of the country;
and on that, such heavy duties are imposed, that it
is sinking under the burdeu. The imports of the
last quarter, it is estimated, will be less than nine
millions of dollars^-a falling off of about two-lhirds,
