140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184S.
£?th Cong****3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
compared with what it ought to be, according to
the estimate made at the last session by those who
imposed the burden. .But, as great as it.is, the
falling off >vill, I understand, be still greater, from
present indications, during the present quarter; and
yet, in the face of all this, we are appropriating
money as prafusely, and projecting schemes of ex-
penditure,s as thoughtlessly, as if the treasury were
full to overflowing. So great is the indifference,
that even the prostrated condition of the treasury
attracts no attention. It is scarcely mentioned or
alluded to. No one seems to care anything about
it.. Not an inquiry is made, hoW the means of
supplying the acknowledged deficit to meet the cur-
rent demands on the treasury, or to cover the ex-
traordinary expenditures which will be incurred
by this measure, should it be adopted, is to be
raised. I would ask its advocates, Do you propose
to borrow the funds necessary for its execution'!
Our credit is already greatly impaired, and our
debt rapidly increasing; and are you willing still
further to impair the one, and add to the increase
of the other"! Do you propose to raise them by
increasing the duties'! Can you hope to derive
additional revenue from such increase, when the
duties are already so high as not only to paralyze
the commerce, agriculture, and industry of the
country, but to diminish, to an alarming extent,
the revenue from the imports'! Are you prepared
to lay a duty on tea and coffee, and other freft arti-
cles'! If so, speak out, and tell your constituents
plainly that such is your intention; that money
must be had; and that no other source of revenue is
left, which can be relied on, but a tax on them. It
mast come to that; and before we incur the ex-
pense, it is but fair that oitr constituents should
know the consequence.
But we are told the expense will be small—notex-
ceedmgffcne or two hundred thousand dollars. Let us
not be deceived. What this bill appropriates is but
the entering wedge. Let it pass, and no one can tell
■what it will cost. It will depend on circumstances.
Under the most favorable, oil the supposition that
there will be no resistance on the pari of Great
Britain, it would amount to millions; but if she
should resist, and we should make it a question of
force, 1 hazard nothing in saying it would subject
the country to heavier expenditures, and expose it
to greater danger, than any measure which has
ever received the sanction ot Congress.
Many and great are the acts of folly which we
have committed in the management of our finances
in the last fourteen or fifteen years. We doubled
our revenue when our expenditures were on the
eve of being reduced one-half by the discharge of
the public debt.. We reversed that act of folly,
and doubled our expenditures, when the revenue
was in the course of reduction under the compro-
mise act. When the joint effects of the operation
ofthe two had exhausted the treasury, and left the
Government without adequate means to meet cur-
rent demands, by an aptitude in. folly, unexampled,
we selected that as the fit moment to divest the
Government of the revenue from the public do-
main, and to place the entire burden of supporting
it on the commerce of the country. And then, as
if to consummate the whole, wc passed an act at
the close ofthe last session, which bids fair to crip-
ple effectually this, our only remaining source of
revenue. And now what are we doing"? Profit-
ing by the disastrous consequences of past mis-
management"? Quite the reverse; committing, if
possible, greater and more dangerous acts of folly
than ever. When the Government and the coun-
try are lying prostrate by this long series of errors
and mismanagement; when the public credit is
deeply impaired; when the people and the States
are overwhelmed by debt, and need all their re-
sources to extricate themselves from their embar-
rassments,—that is the moment we select to bring
forward a measure, which, on the most favorable
supposition, if adopted, cannot fail to subject the
Government to very heavy expenditures, even
!>hotild events take the most favorable turn; and
may—no, that is not strong enough—would prob-
ably subject it to greater than it ever has heretofore
been. Where would the Government find re-
sources to meet them"! Not in its credit, for that
would be extinct. Not in the impost, for that is
already overburdened. Not in internal taxes; the
indebted condition of the States forbids that. More
than half of the States of the Union are in debt;
many deeply—and several even beyond their means
of payment. They require every cent of the sur-
plus means of their citizens which can be readied
by taxes, to meet their own debts. Under such a
state of things, this Government could not impose
internal taxes to any considerable amount, without
bankrupting the indebted States, or crushing their
citizens. What would follow, should the Govern-
ment be compelled, in consequence of this meas-
ure, to resort to such taxes, 1 shall not undertake to
trace. Suffice it to say, that all preceding disasters,
as great as they are, which followed the preceding
acts of folly, would be as nothing compared to the
overwhelming calamities which would follow this.
Our- system might sink under the shock.
If, Senators, you would hearken to the voice of
one who has some experience, and no other desire
but to see the country free and prosperous, I would
say, Direct your eyes to the finances. There, at
present, the danger lies. Restore, without delay,
the equilibrium between revenue and expenditures,
which has done so much to destroy our credit, and
derange the whole fabric of the Government. If
that should not be done, the Government and coun-
try will be involved, ere long, in overwhelming
difficulties. Cherish the revenue from the lands
and the imports. They are our legitimate sources
of revenue. When the period arrives—come when
it may—that this Government will be compelled
to resort to internal taxes for its support in time of
peace, it will mark one of the most difficult and
dangerous stages through which it is destined to
pass. If it should be a period like the present—
when the States are deeply in debt, and need all
their internal resources to meet their own engage-
ments—it may prove fatal; and yet it would seem
as if systematic efforts are, and have been, ma-
king for some time, to bring it about at this critical
and dangerous period. To this, all our financial
measures tend,—the giving away the public lands;
the crushing of the customs by high protective,
and, in many instance?, prohibitory duties; the
adoption of hazardous and expensive measures of
policy, like the present; and the creation of a pub-
lic debt, without an effort to reduce the expendi-
tures. How it is all to end, time only can dis-
close.
But, if our finances were in ever so flourishing a
state; if the political condition of the country were
as strong as it could be made by an administration
standing at the head of a powerful dominant party;
and if our population had reached the point where
we could successfully assert and maintain our
claim against the adverse claim of Great Britain,
there would still remain a decisive objection to this
bill. The mode in which it proposes to do it is in-
defensible. If we are displeased with the existing
arrangement, which leaves the territory free and
open to the citizens and subjects of the two coun-
tries; if we are of the opinion it operates practi-
cally to our disadvantage, or that the time has ar-
rived when we ought to assert and carry into effect
our claim of exclusive sovereignty over the terri-
tory, the treaty provides expressly fur the case. It
authorizes eitlier party, by giving a year's notice,to
terminate its existence whenever it plc-ases, and
without giving reasons. Why has not this bill
conformed to this express and plain provision"?
Why should it undertake to assert our exclusive
ownership to the whole territory, in direct violation
of the treaty"! Why should it, with what we all
believe to be a good title on our part, involve the
country in a controversy about the violation of the
treaty, in which a large portion (if not a majority)
of the body believe that we would be in the wrong,
when the treaty itself might so easily, and in so
short a time, be terminated by our own act, and
the charge of its violation he avoided"! Can
any satisfactory reason be given to these ques-
tions'! I ask the author of the measure, and
its warm advocates, for an answer. None has
been given yet; and none, I venture to assert,
will be attempted. I can imagine but one an-
swer that can be gsven—that there are those
who will vote for the bill, that would not vote
to give notice, under the delusive hope that we
may assert our exclusive ownership, and take
possession, without violating the treaty, or en-
dangering the peace of the country. Their aim
is, to have all the benefit of the treaty, with-
out being subject to its restrictions; an aim in di-
rect conflict wiih the only object of the treaty—to
prevent conflict between the two countries, by keep-
ing the question of ownership or sovereignty m
abeyance till the question of boundary can'be set-
tled. That such is the object, appears to be admit-
ted by all, except the Senator fromNew Hampshire
[Mr. Woodbury,] whose argument, 1 must say,
with all deference for him, was, on that point, very
unsatisfactory. The other advocates of the bill, ac-
cordingly, admit that a grant of lands to emi-
grants settling in the territory, to take effect invme-
dio.tely, would be a violation of the treaty; but con-
tend that a promise to grant hereafter would not be.
The distinction is, no doubt, satisfactory to those who
make it; but how can they rationally expect it will be
satisfactory to the British Government, when so
large a portion of the Senate believe that there is
no distinction between a grant and a promise to
grant lands, as it relates to" the treaty, and hold one
to be as much a violation of it as the other"? We
may be assured that the British Government will
look to the intention of the bill; and, in doing so,
will see that its object is to assert our exclusive*
claim of sovereignty over the entire territory against
their adverse, claim, and will shape their course
"accordingly. Our nice distinction between actual
grants and the promise to grant will not be noticed.
They will see in it the subversion of the object for
which the treaty was formed,and take their measures
to counteract it. The result will be, that, instead of
gaining the advantage aimed at, we shall not only
lose the advantages of the treaty, but be involved in
the serious charge of having violated its provisions.
I am not, however, of opinion that Great Britain
would declare wat against us. If I mistake not,
she is under the direction, at this time, of those
who are too sagacious and prudent to take that
course. She would probably consider the treaty
at an end, and take possession adverse to us, if not
of the whole territory; at least to the Columbia
river. • She would, at the same time, take care to
command that river by a strong fortification,
manned by a respectable garrison, and leave it
to us to decide whether we shall acquiesce, or
negotiate, or attempt to dislodge her. To acquiesce
under such circumstances, would be a virtual sur-
render of the territory; to negotiate with adverse
and forcible possession against us, would be almost
as hopeless; and to dislodge her at present, would,
as has been shown, be impracticable.
Such, in my opinion, would be the probable re-
sult, should this bill be passed. It would place us,
in every respect, in a situation far less eligible than
at present. The occupation of British subjects in
the territory,as things now stand, is by permission,
under positive treaty stipulation, and cannot ripen
into a title, as it was supposed it would by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. [Mr. McRoberts.]
But if their occupancy was adverse, (as it would be,
should this measure be adopted,) and Great Britain
should resist, then his argument would be sound, and
have great force. In that case, the necessity oftaking
some decisive step, on our part, to secure our
rights, would be imperious. Delay would then, in-
deed, be dangerous. But as it is, no length of
time can confer a title against us; and it is that,
considering what advantage Great Britain has
over us at present, eithex to take or hold pos-
session, which ought to give to the treaty great
value in our estimation. It is a wise maxim to
let well-enough alone. We can do little at
present to better our condition. Even the occu-
pation and improvement by British subjects, against
which so much has been said, will, in the end,
if we act wisely, be no disadvantage. Neither can
give any claim against us when the time comes to
assert our rights, if we abide faithfully by the treaty.
They are but preparing the country for our recep-
tion; and should their improvements and cultiva-
tion be extended, it would only enable us to take
possession with more ease if it should ever become
necessary to assert our claims by force; which I do
not think probable, if we shall have the wisdom to
avoid hasty and precipitate action, and leave the
question to ihe certain operation of time.
In conclusion, I might appeal to the authority of
the preceding Administrations from 1818 to the
present time, in support of the views I have taken.
On what othei supposition can it be explained,
that the administration of Mr. Monroe should as-
sent to the treaty of that year, which left the terri-
tory open and free to the citizens and subjects of
the two countries for the period of ten years'! Or
that of Mr. Adatns should revive it, with the pro-
vision, that either might terminate it by giving
one year's notice"! Or, still more emphatically,
how can it be explained, that with this right of
terminating the treaty, the Administration of Gene-
ral Jackson, and that of his successor, should, for
the period of twelve years, acquiesce in it, but on
the conviction it was the best arrangement which
could be made, and that any change or movement
