feb. 1845
A.FPBNDIX TO THBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Ui
27th Cong 3d Sess.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
such Locofocos out of power"—and I suppose to
get themselves in. And they did get in, and a pretty-
piece of business they have made of i^. Like many
others, who get into places they are not lit for, by
improper means, they are about to be put out again.
They have digged a pit for others, and have fallen
into it themselves. Their days are numbered—
and soon all that will be left of the great Whig
party, or its victory of 1840, will be a blotted page
on the records of the legislative history of the coun-
try, and a debt of some thirty millions of dollars
for the people to pay as the price of their folly in
giving such a party the power to misgovern them.
Having now squared the accounts with the gen-
tleman from Indiana, Mr. B. said he had but a few
words to say on the amendment before the commit-
tee—the reduction of 20 per cent, on the pay of all
naval officers. If it could be done, he would rather
this reduction could be made more equitable than
it will be by this horizontal per centage; and that it
should be made in some general bill, operating on
all or many of the other officers of the Government,
civil and military. But they must begin some-
where; and he would vote for it here, and regulate
it, and extend it to others elsewhere, if it could be
done. In 1835, the pay of the navy officers was
increased, in many cases, far beyond what was
thought propfer by the Navy Department and Navy
Board, though the latter was composed of navy offi-
pers. In some cases, it had gone SI,000 beyond;
and in others, $500; and so on, down to $100. The
pay of all the grades of officers below a captain was
far higher in the United States service, than in any
foreign service—a midshipman three or four limes
as much as in the French or British navy. He
had made a comparison, on a former occasion, be-
tween the members of Congress, when their pay
was but six dollars a day, and those who now occu-
pied their places; and he would now ask the com-
mittee to make a similar comparison between the
offioers of the navy under the old pay, (which, in
many cases, was but little more than half what it
now is,) and those who are now receiving the high
pay. Who was it that had gained for the navy and
for the country its fame and glory"! Was it not of-
ficers under the low pay1? Look at the achieve-
ments of Preble and Decatur in the Mediterranean,
and compare them with what had been recently ex-
hibited there. Look at Lawrence, Perry, Maedon-
ough, Hull, Jones, Bainbridge, Stewart, and their
fellow-sailors of 1813—'14; and where are their su-
periors now? Take from the navy the character
won for it by the officers under low pay, and it would
have but comparatively-little to claim the public
regard in its lavor. He did not wish to disparage
it, or its officers; many—by far the larger number—
were gallant men, and would do their countrygood
service if it required it from them. But this they
had done under lower pay; and would do again,
if their pay was brought down to a fair standard.
He believed them generally patriotic. As ^good
patriots, they oughttobe*toillingto make some little
sacrifice, when their fellow-citizens, who paid ihem
for their services, bad to sacrifice so much. The
state of the treasury required a reductioif of ex-
penses, or an increase of revenue. No honest man
would continue to employ agents and servants, and
pay them high wages, when his income'was inade-
quate, and he was obliged to resort to borrowing.
The pay of everybody in private life was being
reduced. The farmer could not sell his produce as
high as he did; nor cou-ld the mechanic or manufac-
turer his wares. The price of labor and service
of all kinds was reduced. *The people had not (he
means to pay their agents so ample as they once
had. Was it not, therefore, right and just to make
those who served the country, and who had enjoyed
its prosperity, leel with their fellow-citizens its ad-
versity? In the State of Pennsylvania, they had
taxed the salaries of all Stale officers; they did not
think it equitable to tax the landholder and the la-
borer to pay the office-holder, and let the latter go
free. In Alabama, he understood, the salaries of
all State officers had been reduced 10 or 20 per
cent. In New York, and elsewhere, lliey were re-
ducing; and it was right and proper in the present
state of the business of the country, and the relative
value of money, that reductions should be made
everywhere in salaries. A post-captain—and a
gallant one, too, Mr. B. said—had told him, some
time since, that he had saved money while a lieu-
tenant, though his pay had never been more than
$700 a year; and that, he feared, was moie than
could be said of many lieutenants now; hence they
should learn a little old-fashioned economy, [Mr.
Mallory, in an under tone, said: "Perhaps he was
a bachelor."] No, said Mr. B., he was not a bach-
elor. But suppose he had been, he (Mr. B.) had yet
to learn that a bachelor lived cheaper than a mar-
ried man. He understood from the Scriptures that
woman was made by God a "help meet for man;"
and such he had been led to believe a good wife al-
ways was to her husband. He considered it a slan-
der upon the wives of the United States to say they
were a Hll of expense to their husbands; and it was
calculated to degrade their high characters to ask
the Government to give a bounty to their husbands
to support them. He did not believe there was an
officer in the navy whose wife would ask or re-
ceive from the treasury of the country a single dol-
lar on her own account, that the services of her
husband, in and of themselves, did not fully entitle
him to. He had misunderstood the character of
the American women, if they did not repudiate all
such doctrine as that. It was the officer, not the
wife, whose services were to be paid for; and it was
those services, and not the cost of a wife, or his ex-
penses, that ought to form the measure of his pay.
For them, he ought to be paid fully, but not extrav-
agantly. And this rule ought to be applied alike to
all who served their country—civil or military.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUFFIE,
op south Carolina.
In Senate, Monday, February 13, 1843—On the fol-
lowing lesolutions, submitted by him, viz:
Resolved, That it is the solemn and urgemduty of the pres
ent Congress to adopt, without delay, efficient measures to re-
vive the ciippled and decaying commerce, replenish the im-
poverished exchequer, and anestthe alarming accumulation
of the public debt of the United States.
Resolved, That a modification of the existing tariff on for-
eiim imports, such as will render it sti icily and in good failli a
mere revenue measure, is indispensable [o the accomplishment
of those objecis; and that (he recent measures of ihe Binish
Parliament, partially adopting the punciplesof free tiade, ihe
public indications ol a disposition on the part of the present
ministry to cxternl those principles sail further, and the proba
.bility of the speedy organization of an extensive system of
smuggling on the long line ot our frontier, furnish pressing mo-
tives 10 Congress lor acting on the subject duung its present
session.
Resolved, That a rigid system of retrenchment, economy,
and accountability, such as will bring the annual expenditures
within the annual income of the "Government, is not less indis-
pensable; and that, while this is rendered necessary by the de-
plorable state of the public finances, it is rendered just, aud not
injurious tothe public service, by the great redaction of the
cmrency, and consequent appreciation of the value ot money.
Mr. President: In submitting these resolutions,
respectfully, to the consideration of the Senate, I
have taken counsel solely and exclusively from ray
own profound sense of my duty as a (Senator of
the United States.
I presented them, sir, without consultation with
any human being; and I can assure Senators on all
sides of this chamber, that they need not apprehend
that the resolutions aim to accomplish any disguised
or oblique purpose, tut that their object is cleai ly
and uneqnivocallv indicated upon the face of them.
I am aware, Mr. President, that some persons
may suppose that resolutions of this description
would come more appropriately from anoth'er quar-
ter. I know it is the opinion of some, that those
who constitute-the majority of the Legislature are
solely responsible tor existing evils; and perhaps it
may be regarded by them as a rule of partv tactics
to permit those evils to increase and accumulate, in
order that additional odium may be brought upon
the party which is supposed lo be responsible.
This, Mr. President, is not my political morality.
I hold that every party—-whatever may be Ihe rel-
ative position it occupies; nay, every individual
member, however powerless he may be—is under
the most solemn obligation lo use every fair and
honorable effort for the removal of those'evils with"
which the country is unhappily afflicted.
What, sir, is the condition of this couutiy' We
exhibit to the world an unexampled spectacle.
With the most unbounded resources—with all
the blessmgsthat a beneficent Providence can confer
upon a people—with a fertile soil, abounding in
every production that is necessary, notonlv for the
support of human life, but to minister tothe com-
fort and happiness of the people— at a time oi pro-
found peace, and after that peace has continued for
nearly a quarter ot a century;—with all these ad-
vantages, and in the midst of this unbroken peace,
we find the whole country involved in one univer-
sal scene of distress.
Under these circumstances, sir, are we to stand
still, dealing m mutual crimination and recrimi-
nation as to who are the authors of these calamities'!
Can we soothe or sear our consciences by exclaim-
ing, in the language of Macbeth, while our coun-
try lies bleeding at every rfore, "Thou can'st not
say I did itl"
No, Mr. President, it is time that every patriot
—every man who feels an interest in the prosperi-
ty of his country—should earnestly apply his shoul-
der to the wheel. I shall not pretend to decide
upon the causes of the existing calamities, inasfar
as they are to be ascribed to one political party or
another. I will barely remark, in passing, as an
admonition to all parties, that I consider both the
great political parties into which this country is di-
vided, in some sort responsible for the evils which
now afflict us.
After the expiration of the charter of the Bank of
the United Stales, the Administration, then in
power, unquestionably committed a very great er-
ror. Holding the opinion, as the then President
did, that the several State banks could furnish a
currency equally sound as that which then existed,
he selected certain State banks as the depositories
of the public treasure, accompanied by an injunc-
tion, almost amounting to a law, that" they should
afford credits to merchants and others to a suffi-
cient extent to supply the place of that accommo-
dation which had been furnished by the United
States Bank. Under this system, we all know what
took place, necessarily; for it is too recent to be
forgotten by any. As had been predicted by ma-
ny of those who entered into the discussion of the
question, State banks sprung up by scores in all
pans of the Union; ana the currency, in the course
of a few years, was expanded to a degree ot
which we had previously no example. All sorts
and descriptions of credits were enlarged; and
such was the infectious nature of the mania which
prevailed, such the universal delirium^which
seized upon the nation, that every sort of specula-
tion was stimulated to the highest possible point.
Yes, sir, penniless adventurers could obtain
credit for thousands, to enable them to enter into
the wildest speculations. But very soon after this
system was adopted, the banks of the several
States suspended payment, and the Administration,
finding their expectations disappointed, showed ,a
very rare and commendable wisdom in instantly
retracing their steps, and remedying, as far as pos-
sible, the error they had committed. The State
banks were abandoned; the confidence which had
been reposed in them being justly forfeited, and a
system was proposed which tended to disconnect
entirely the financial operations of the Government
and the banks.
Thus lar for the responsibility of the then
existing Administration. Now let us look at
the responsibility of the other parly. When the
scheme ol an independent treasury, and atotal sep-
aration of the Government from the banks, was in-
troduced by the Administration, what was the
course adopted by the other party"! The leading
statesmenof that party, who, m common with myself',
wished to maintain the Bank of the United States
as it was already in existence, believing that it had
performed its functions beneficially for the public,
immediately turned round asd became the advo-
cates of the system so justly abandoned. The in-
stant the Administration, discovering their error,
attempted to correct it, the opposite party—perhaps
from instinctive propensity of all political parties
to assume antagonist positions; I will not under-
take to say for what cause—adopted the exploded
svstem as a half-way house to a national bank.
Both of the great political parties, then, being,
in some degree, the authors of the state of things
which now unfortunately exists, it is the duty of
them both to unite in applying some appropriate
letriedy. What is that remedy"? How are we to
relieve the distress and pecuniary embarrassment
which pervade the country"?
I ain awaie, sir, that an idea very extensively
prevails, that the sole remedy m the power of Con-
gress to administei,is a restoration of the currency
by some Federal regulation of the paper circulation;
and the resolutions introduced by the honorable
Senator from Maine will make it my duty to sub-
mit a few brief remarks on this subject.
It appears to me, Mr. President, (and I say it
with great deference—for the opposite opinion is
held by some ot the most able men in the country,)
that all hopes, founded upon any scheme which the
wisdom of man can suggest for the restoration of
the currency of thiscountry, willbe fatally delusive,
so far as it regards a remedy for the distresses and
pecuniary embarrassments which now prevail. It
