m. m$.
jkWmmX TO THE CONGMUSSIONAL GLOB®,
m
27th Cong 3d Sess.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
by which, we are called-on to submit to these unnat-
ural and unjast exactions'!
To protect the domestic industry of the United
States! To carry oat the American system! These
delusive phrases have operated so extensively, as
almost to confound the understandings of the peo-
ple.
I pray you to bear with me for a moment while
I ■ take a" brief review of the commerce and the
revenue of the United States. And I will, at the
close of that review, ask the Senators who voted
for the tariff of the last session, to tell me on what
ground it was they thought it necessary to sacrifice
those great interests?
Prom the very beginning of the Government,
with the exception of a few years of war, the whole
revenue by which the machinery of Government
p haS been kept in motion, has been derived exclu-
sively from foreign commerce. But that to which
X beg leave to call the particular attention of the
Senate, is, that since 1816, at least three-fourths of
the revenue, which has not only paid the current
expenses of the Government, but performed the un-
exampled achievement of extinguishing the public
debt, has been derived from that bianch of your
commerce which consists entirely of the exchanges
received for the agricultural exports of the South-
ern and Southwestern States—less than one-third
of the Union; and that it is against this very
branch of commerce that the whole power of your
prohibition tariff is directed, professedly with a
view to destroy it! Yes, sir; this great branch of
your national industry has done all this, and mgre.
It has made us a great commercial and naval pow-
er, and contributed largely to enrich the people, by
supplying them with the comforts and luxuries of
life cheaper than they could be obtained from any
other source. And for all these great services to
the country and the Government, what grateful re-
turn have you made"! What acknowledgment of
your obligations'? None, sir; but, on the contrary,
and to the eternal reproach of this Government, it
has destroyed what it was under the most sacred
obligations toprotect and defend—like an unnatural
monster, plunging a dagger into the bosom of his
best friend and benefactor. And on what ground is
this monstrous outrage to be justified? What great
rival interest is there in tins country, which can
assert a paramount claim to the protection of the
Government'!
It is the domestic manufactures of the country
which demand the sacrifice. The protection of
home industry!—the suffering industry of the coun-
try! These are the watchwords. But what, I ask,
is that industry which has supplied you with ail
the blessings of an enriching commerce? Is it not
domestic industry? Is it not home industry? Do
you get from abroad foreign manufactures to the
value of a dollar, that are not procured by means of
domestic industry? Unless you rob—unless you
steal—unless you obtain by fraudulent devices,—
you cannot get the worth of a farthing, but by an
exchange oi the products of domestic industry. In
this respect, commerce and manufactures, then,
stand upon the sauie footing precisely.
There is a vast interest represented by those
who are engaged in the production of the great
staple articles of exportation—in exchanging those
articles for foreign manufactures, by means of cap-
ital; in transporting them to foreign ports; and in
conveying foreign merchandise, leceived in ex-
change for them, to the United States. These
constitute the greatexporting interest identified with
foreign commeice. Whatever destroys the one, de-
stroys the other. And, although the Stales pro-
ducing these exports constitute, perhaps, less than
one-third ot the Union; and although they have
been contemptuously reproached as being bairen
sand-hills,—yet they have mainly sustained the
commerce of the United States—having furnished
two-thirds of the entire exports of the Union, since
cotton and rice and tobacco have become the
great staples of exportation. Two-thirds of the
productions which sustain foreign commerce have
been furnished by less than one-third of the Union.
And upon this great branch of domestic industiy,
with the capital which it employs, has devolved the
whole burden of supporting the Government, by
furnishing the subjects oi taxation. Now, I ask
the friends of the taiifF, in all candor, and wi'h the
utmost respect, what is that branch of industry for
which they exclusively claim the name of domestic
industry? They will answer, home manufactures!
Upon what ground are v.-e to destroy commerce
to sustain the manufacturers? Why should these
10
be protected by the sacrifice of foreign commerce,
and at the expense of this Government? Has the
Government ever derived a solitary cent of revenue
from-domestic manufactures? Does this branch of
domestic industry contribute one solitary cent to
the support of the Government? Do they not, on
the contrary, diminish the revenue? And yet, you
are to destroy that great branch of national indus-
try which has supported the Government and en-
riched the people, in order to afford assistance to a
branch of domestic industry which has been itself
an enormous tax both upon the people and the
Government. A more monstrous combination of
injustice and ingratitude can hardly be conceived.
To destroy commerce, the great agent of civiliza-
tion, and bond of peace among nations, to foster a
rival branch of industry, by measures which con-
vert the United States from mutual customers to
commercial rivals, is as unwise and impolitic as,
in reference to other considerations, it is unjust and
oppressive.
But there is yet a larger and more pervading
view of this subject, showing the suicidal character
of a prohibitive tariff. The grfat exporting inter-
est—that of the planters, merchants, and ship-own-
ers—say to the Congress of the United States, If
you will permit us freely to exchange the produc-
tions of our industry for the productions of other
countries, subject to a revenue duty merely, even
with this discrimination of 20 per cent, against us,
we will pledge ourselves to supply the people with
all the manufactures they need one-third cheaper
than they now obtain them from the manufacturers
of the Xinited States.
To this the tariff majority in Congress practi-
cally reply, that they regard cheap manufactures
a great*national evil, if obtained by exchanging
the products of domestic agriculture for foreign
manufactures; that this cheapness is the very rea-
son they prohibit their importation; and that they
would rather the people should pay a third more
for the manufactures they consume, and that the
treasury should be impoverished, than the manu-
facturers of the United States should not receive
from 33j to 100 per cent, more for their fabrics than
their natural price.
Such is a true exposition of the misnamed pro-
tective policy.
But 1 am aware of the arguments with which I
shall be met on this subject. After the experi-
ence of twenty years, and the lessons to the con-
trary which that experience has taught us, gentle-
men will still urge those arguments by which they
sustained their policy in its incipient stages. Ire-
member well, on my fust entry upon the stage of
public life, how confidently the manufacturers of
the United States predicted, if you would only give
them protection for a few years, they would be able
to supply all your wants with articles cheaper and
better than you could procure them from abroad.
This was their confident prediction. And in that
day, Mr. President,no man dared to rise and avow
the purpose of making this system of unjust and
oppressive restriction a permanent measure of na-
tional policy. Our establishments, said they, are in
a state of infancy. Protect them for a few years,
and we willaskno further aid, but will defy com-
petition. I well remember the reply 1 then made
to these promises—which subsequent experience
and the conduct of the manufacturers have confirmed
even beyond my anticipations. I showed, from
documents of undoubted practical authority, that
the cost of producing manufactures in Great Brit-
ain consisted of three elements—viz., three-eighths
of the wages of labor, three-eighths of the interest
upon capital, and one-fourth of the cost of the raw
material; and 1 then argued that, as capita! could
be obtained in England at half the interest at
which it could be obtained here, and labor be
procured for less than half the wages, it was
apparent that the cause of the inability of the
American manufacturers to maintain a compe-
tition with the foieign was founded on perma-
nent causes—the low wages of labor, and the
low rate of interest; causes which, I trust, will be
eternal; for no patriot can desire that wages here
should be reduced to sixpence a day, or the profits
of capital to three per cent., even to enrich our
manufacturers. And now, after the lapse of twen-
ty years, the wages of laborand the rate of interest
in "Great Britain are as much below what they are
here as they ever were; and, though the machinery
employed in our manufactories is in many respects
superior to the British, our manufacturers clamor
as loudly for protection as they did in 1824. Is this
oppressive system, then, to last forever? HaVegen-
tlemen reflected on the consequences which; must
result from it, if thus perpetuated^' Have they
estimated the frightful amount of burdens imposed
by it on the people of the United StatesT
I believe, sir—though I have not the 'documents
before me, but from a general recollection—that the
amount of manufactures of this country, which
are embraced in the operation ol the protecting
laws, was, in 1841, about nine times as large as the
amount of foreign importations' of the same descrip-
tion; that is to say, that the amount of such im-
portations was about forty millions of dollars, and
the amount of domestic manufactures of a similar
kind three hundred and sixty millions. Now, I
beg gentlemen to dwell a moment on these facts,
and consider what is the amount of the tax im-
posed on the people of the United States, estima-
ted from these statistics? An average duty of thirty-
five per cent, on forty millions of foreign imports,
would impose a burden of $14,000,000, though the
revenue should be less, by means of its prohibi-
tory operation. The price of these imports
must rise 35 per centum, or the trade will cease.
This duty upon foreign imports would be dis-
tributed among the consumers, and would be
cheerfully borne if it ended here. But this is by
far the smallest part of the burden it imposes;
for the law cannot raise the price of imported
manufactures, without raising in the same degree
the price of similar domestic manufactures. This
is a self-evident proposition—as touch so as any in.
mathematics. No ingenuity can evade it. Now,
sir, my mind shrinks back from the contemplation
of such enormous burdens! Three hundred and sixty
millionsof domestic manufactures indirectly taxed at
the rate of thirty per centum, as a bounty to incor-
porated wealth! Sir, will gentlemen deny that this
tax is real? Will they come forward now, and
contend that they can manufacture cheaper than
we can import, in the very face of the law passed
by themselves? Not satisfied with the duty im-
posed by the fair operation of the compromise act,
and in palpable violation of its solemn pledges,
they have made the duty on many articles pro-
hibitory; thus clearly admitting that they cannot
compete with the importers, even with the protec-
tion afforded by a revenue duty.
Such, sir, are the enormous burdens imposed on
the people of the United States! Make any allow-
ance you please—reduce the rates I have stated,
even to the revenue standard of 20 per cent.; and yet
the burden exceeds anything which human patience
would endure, if the people were actually sensi-
ble of the true extent of those burdens. But, sir,
it is the result of an indirect system of taxation,
which imposes these burdens upon the people
under such disguises that they know not what
they suffer. They are sinking under the weight of
their burdens; and yet, like a man who falls a
victim lo the influence of a corrupt atmosphere,
they are totally unconscious of the real causes of
their distress.
So much, Mr. President, for the operation of
the tariff, and the claims of the manufacturers
to special protection. In regard to the influence of
the system upon the great mass of the people of the
United States, it is distinctly making an issue
whether you will sustain a few wealthy capitalists
at the expense of the country at large.
But there is one portion of the XJnion which has
an especial claim to our consideration. I allude
to the States which produce the great staples of ex-
portation. Upon these States, this tariff operates
with a crushing weight of oppression. And no
man, who nourishes in his bosom a proper sense of
justice, can fail to give an attentive consideration
to the gross and monstrous inequality of their bur-
dens. Independently of the tax they pay as con-
sumers, they are exposed lo a burden incompara-
bly greater from the prohibitory effect of the tariff
upon that branch of commerce which regulates
the value of their staples. In fact, sir, these pro-
hibitions have reduced the planting States to a con-
dition of strict colonial dependence on the man-
ufacturing States. They are excluded from the
best markets, and confined to the worst, both for
selling their staples and purchasing merchandise
in exchange. While they were dependent upon.
Great Britain, their colonial vassalage was not,
in point of fact, half so oppressive as that- under
which they at this moment labor. What aVetheir
real interests, and the sources of their prosperity"?
What the productions of their industry? -They
cultivate the soil, and thank God for the bounties.
