APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•••Sb Sess.
Amendment to the Constitution—Mr. Tappan.
Jan. 1848«
Senate.
eluded in.a small territory, theinhabitants of -which
could meet. with convenience in one assembly, to
consult and agree on the manner in -which their
affairs should be conducted, no delegation of legis-
lative power would be necessary; but, even then,
the executive and judicial powers of such a com-
munity could not, with as much convenience, be
exercised by the whole body of the people; and,
therefore, the plan of delegating such powers to in-
dividuals, selected for their fitness to discharge such
duties, would be adopted. Such has been the
course of action of democratic communities in all
ages. Power has been delegated from neces-
sity, and always for short periods. Of the ex-
ecutive* power of states, it is true that it has
much oftener been held by usurpation, and force,
or. hereditary descent, than by delegation, in all
Governments but our own. But the judicial power
hats,- in all states, free or otherwise, been delegated
by the sovereign for limited periods—generally
not exceeding a year. I need not cite instances of
such limited delegation of judicial power; history
gives an account of no other. No nation or gov-
ernment ever made their judges entirely inde-
pendent of themselves, until these States established
their judiciaf tribunals.
We borrow, Mr. President, many of our fash-
ions from England; but in giving our judges office
during good behavior, removable only by impeach-
ments, for high crimes or misdemeanors, we
have committed a folly beyond what England or
any other nation has given an example of. In
England, at least from the time of the conquest,
judges were appointed by the King, and held their
offices during his pleasure. Their courts were
often made the instruments of gross and outrage-
ous tyranny—particularly under the Tudors; they
became much more so under the Stuarts This
race of imbecility and vice (from the tyranny of
whom our forefathers fled to America) exercised
such a constant controlling power over their
judges, and so openly dictated to >hein the judg-
ments they rendered in prosecutions for political of-
fences, that the impression became strong in the
colonies in lavor of a judiciary which should be
independent of the appointing power. The same
feeling had been created in England; so that at the
revolution of Ifittei tin- judges of England were
made independent of the crown,by the enactment that
they should hold their offices "so long as they should
behave themselves ■well," but lobe at all times re-
movable by vote of both House? of Parliament; so
that every judge in that Government, since the
revolution under William and Mary, has been de-
pendent upon, and held his oflice at the will and
pleasure of, the sovereign power in the state; for
the Parliament in that Government is not only
held to be omnipotent, but is, practically, the sover-
eign power.
In forming the Federal Constitution, the tenure
of judicial office seems to have been settled with-
out debate, and without much consideralion; and
we are left to conjecture why the great men who
composed the convention went so much beyond ev-
ery other Government in creating a judiciary.
Mr. Hamilton, in discussing this subject m the
Federalist, states the desire the convention had to
establish independent courts; but he gives 110 rea-
son why the convention deemed it necessary to es-
tablish a judiciary who weic not to be removed
from office for any cause of disqualification what-
ever, unless they were convicted of a high crime
or misdemeanor, by a court so constituted as to
render a conyiction impossible. I consider this
part of our Constitution grossly defective. It is
worse than defective; it is a provision in direct op-
position to the whole spirit and intention of our
Government; a power in the state holding office in-
dependent of the people—existing, as Mr. Burke
said of the nobility of England, in contempt of the
people.
I have not offered this amendment, Mr. Presi-
dent, from any view of its effecting the removal oi
incapable incumbents of office. If I had, I might
refer Senators to the judges in this District, for
an illustration of the monstrous folly of creating
an independent judiciary upon the plan of the
Federal Constitution. No, sir: it is not because A,
B, or C is weak or wicked, that I press this amend-
ment; it is because its direct and inevitable ten-
dency is to create imbecility, and perpetuate igno-
rance.
Men never have exerted themselves to acquire
knowledge, or to be eminently useful to mankind,
Without the stimulus of ambition or necessity. Let
your soldiers understand that no service they can
perform will raise them from the ranks, or secure
them anything beyond their ttfonthly pay—they may
stand firm .in battle; they may perform the usual
routine of their duty; but this is all. If you would
incite to heroism, you must hold out the incentive to
heroic action—honors, rewards, promotion. How
is it with your judge'? What inducement has he to
acquire knowledge, to make himself useful to his
country1? IN one whatever. He has an office for
"life, with a competent salary, which no power can
diminish. He may be as idle and careless as he
pleases; he may sell off his library, and forswear
study; he may become imbecile and childish, or
wicked and immoral; and he cannot be removed
from office, unless he commits some high crime or
misdemeanor. He has nothing more to expect.
By oar habits, a judge is not considered eligible as
a candidate for any other office. Some gentlemen
of the Supreme Court have, by themselves or
friends, made, occasionally, feeble attempts to be-
come candidates for the Presidency; but it is very
clear that no such attempt can succeed. They must
resign, and come withotit the charmed circle of ju-
dicial independence, before they can be on an equal-
ity, in this respect, with their fellow-citizens. He
is like the soldier, who, by the usage of the service,
can never become a captain. He may perform his
circle of duty, and nothing more.
In an office which would seem to require more
laborious study to qualify a man for the discharge
of its duties than any other 111 our Government, you
have made his continuance in office to have no de-
pendence whatever on his industry or learning. "1
have been appointed" (I have heard a judge say)
"for the learning I had, not for what 1 was expected
to acquire." The judge performs his part of the
contract with good faith if he does not become more
ignorant, stupid, and vicious, as he grows older.
Why is it that our chief executive officers are elect-
ed for short periods, but because reason and ex-
perience prove it necessary to secure the iaithful
performance n| their duties, that they should be
kept in constant dependence on the people1? We
would not have presidents or governors elected for
life, or even for a long term of years; because it has
been found unsafe and dangerous to intrust men
with irresponsible power. It is as necessary to
have wise and good men to expound, as to execute
your laws. Like causes will always produce like
effects. If it would be likely to corrupt the charac-
ter, and destroy the usefulness of a president, to
give him oflice for life, why would it not have the
same effect upon a chief justice'? If providing one
with an office for life, with an ample salary, which
cannot be diminished dining his continuance in of-
fice, would render him an unsafe depositary of pow-
er in a free Government, why would it not the oth-
' crl In both cases, 1 he officer would have nothing
more to expect from the people; it would, therefore,
be altogether indifferent to him whether they were
pleased with his conduct or not. The danger of
removal is nothing, and to be left out is impossible
to the judge; and yet you expect that he will be
faithful to the Constitution; that he will be a vigi-
lant guardian of public liberty, and feel a common
sympathy with his countrymen in the support and
maintenance of free principles of government.
Mr. President, ihe aitide in our Constitution
which I seek to amend is utleily repugnant to, and
at variance with, not only our principles of gov-
ernment, that the people are the sovereign power,
but it is equally repugnant to our practice in every
otheroffiee. All other officers—executive and legis-
lative—in the Federal and State Governments, are
elected periodically. And for what reason are they
so elected"? Bccause, in no other way yet discover-
ed can the Commonwealth be sure of being con-
stantly served by the most capable men. All offi-
cers of Government are servants of the sovereign;
but, in these United States, the freest country on
earth, we have invented a plan by which the pub-
lic servant is altogether above his master, and ac-
countable to no one for his conduct. The only per-
son who is free from all responsibility, independ-
ent of all control, is the judge. It was the inten-
tion of the convention which formed the Constitu-
tion to establish an independent judiciary, say
the defenders of this article. "A judiciary, inde-
pendent of a king or executive alone, is a good
thing; but independence of the will of the nation
is a solecism, at lea^t in a Republican Govern-
ment," says Mr. Jefferson. Of what, it may be
asked, was it the intention of the convention
1 ;to render the judges independent's By adequate sal-
aries their pecuniary independence may be secured;
but office for life does not secure them from pri-
vate and personal influences. They will have as
strong political attachments as other men; and they
will make their judicial action subservient to par-
y purposes, if so disposed, the more readily, as
ney are n no cfanger of *oss oy Wi~ offiwe
for life place them'above or beyond the influence
of personal prejudices for or against those who
may be suitors in this courts Most certainly it
will not; but it will leave them free to indulge such,
prejudices to any extent.
This clause of the Constitution was inserted by
the enemies of free government—by those who did
not believe in the people governing themselves—
who wanted to build up some power in the State
which should exist and act independent of the will
of the people, and should also control that will.
The real friends of freedom in the convention—
the majority—were deceived by the notion of an
independent judiciary, wiihout seeing clearly of
what it wai sought to render judges independent,
and without reflecting upon the inevitable conse-
quences of building up in the State a power not in-
dependent, but really hostile to its fundamental
principles.
"Tiie judicial pnwi-'i" <,say« Mi,?net> "may be, temporary
when it is deiived from the people, bccause, being dependent
(in all, it is dependent on no one." ' ■
The two great parties that exist in all free
governments (which may justly, and without offence
to any one, be styled the conservative and the
movement parties,) had their representatives in the
convention which formed the Federal Constitu-
tion, as they have their representatives now in.
Congress. It was this conservative party which
wanted an Executive and Senate for life, arid which,
obtained a judiciary, that, from its organization,
naturallybelongstothem. With the factthat the ju-
diciary are of the conservative party, lfind no fault
if the majority of the people are of that party. But,
if the conservative party in our Government is
in a minority, (as it has been most of the time since
the adoption of the Constitution) then the arrange-
ment which gives to that minority the whole judi-
cial power of the nation is extremely unjust; it is
what the majority ought not for a day to submit to.
If the conservative party persuade a majority of
the people of the United States to adopt and acton
their theories of government, they can, on my
principles, elect a judiciaiy to please them, and I
will be content; but I cannot consent that their in-
fluence should be made perpetual in any depart-
ment of the Government, whatever may be the
fluctuation of parties. We have seen the consequences
which have resulted from a conservative judiciary
opposed toa majority of the nation in political prin-
ciples. More than two generations of men have
passed off the stage while the late Mr. Marshall
was chief justice of the United States; he and his
brethren were Federalists 01 conservatives, liberal
constructionists, and interpreted the Constitution
in a way to strengthen and consolidate the Federal
power; while the executive and legislative offi-
cers, and a great majority of the people of the
United States, were ot the movement party—were
Democrats, and in favor of a strict construction of
the Constitution, and of preserving to the State
Gcvernments every power not expressly delegated
to the General Government. The judiciary of the
United States, (says Mr. Jefferson,)
<lfs the subtle corps of sappers and miners, constantly work-
ing under giound to undermine the foundations of our con-
fedeiaied fdbrii. They aie construingour Constitution from a
co ordination of a general and special Government to a general
and supreme one alone. This will lay all things at then* feet,
and they are too well vers.\i m English lav/ to forget the maxim
" Butn judiczs cat ampliare jurisdictioncm "
After the election of Mr. Jefferson, the judiciary
of the United States ceased to be the representa-
tive or servant of the people in our courts; but it
was the faithful representative cf exploded princi-
ples and obselete maxims in government. It per-
petuated the power of the Federal or conservative
party, and gave them, though a small minority in.
the nation, the whole judicial power. Equally
wiong would it have been in principle, had all
this been reversed—had the court been of the Dem-
ocratic or movement party, and the majority of the
people of the Federal or conservative; because,
in such case, as in the real one, they would not
have been the tt ue exponents of the public will
on thebench gf justice. As well might we allow a
foreign Govern ment to appoint our j udges, as to allow
a generation of men to appoint them, who, with all,
