Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
27th Coss....3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Linn.
Senate.
about twenty-five cents pet bushel. Labor is worth about
thirty-Are dollars per month, the laborer being found by his
employer."
I have repeatedly alluded to the commercial and
territorial cupidity of the Hudson Bay Company,
its unjust encroachments, its unhesitating rapacity!
the spoliations of our legitimate trade, and even the
murders which have tracked its course as a com-
pany. But, in simple justice, let me say that these
acts and this character belong to them only in a
corporate capacity. As individuals, many of them
are men highly humane and honorable. It is
abundantly known, m particular, that there lives
not a more generous, benevolent, and kind-hearted
gentleman than Dr. McLaughlin, the individual
at the head of the company's affairs on the Colum-
bia. His acts of voluntary kindness towards our
citizens; his courtesy to wards whomsoever of our offi-
cers or public agents may have visited that coun-
try; the ready and liberal good offices which he has
ever extended wherever they were needed, do him
him great honor, and should not be mentioned
without thanks. I make, then, my charges against
the collective company and its policy, not the in-
dividuals of whom it is made up. Let me, on the
other hand, as freely remark, without desiring to
diminish anything from this individual praise,
that, as a company, they can well afford to be gen-
erous to us of the fruits of our own soil. An an-
nual half million in the fur-trade may well miti-
gate a good many national prejudices. Out of an
abundance which should be ours, they may well
dispense some hospitality to our citizens and ac-
credited agents. For lraining on their savage
dependants to waylay our wanderers, to burn our
settlements, to exterminate the settler, to shut out
our traders from all participation in their traffic,
these civilities are, after all, but acheap equivalent.
True it is, however, that in the former rivalry
between the two companies, before they were
merged into one, they were as rapacious and as
sanguinary towards each other. And why should
they be more just or more merciful towards an
alien race"?
Of these deeds the Senator from South Carolina
may have some recollection, and of the time when,
in their contest for the supremacy of that region,
the employees of the two companies were led on
to mutual outrages as detestable as any to which
ihey now jointly instigate the savages against our
helpless citizens and traders. He may perhaps re-
call the tragedies of 1819; when the Northwest
Company made regular war upon that of Hudson
Eay, to drive them from the trade; pitched battles
being fought as between two fierce Indian tribes,
with a loss of twenty men in a single affair—
Governor Semple and Mr. Kevenny (another lead-
ing man) perishing in the contest.
I surely have not need to urge that they whom
the sordid love of gain could thus urge to imbrue
their hands in the blood of brother Englishmen,
would little hesitate to inflame the natural an-
tipathies of the savage, and turn his secondary
ferocity to an easy and a general instrument for
effecting those dark deeds by which the citizens of
a rival power were to be put out of the way when
they came between them and their gams.
I do not speak idly of these matteis, but hold in
my hand reports of men who personally knew the
influence and the arts practised against us: such
men as Governors Clarke and Cass, whose judg-
ments and knowledge in Indian affairs were be-
yond dispute. They show that, up to 1829, at
least five hundred of our people have been de-
stroyed in this way, and that the rate of subsequent
destruction has not changed. All the evidence
shows that, wherever the British fur-trade is pushed,
the Indians are subsidized. The terms of that
subsidy have an index in the murders committed
on our people. Trace up the butcheries in the
Rocky Mountains and theii plains, the ravages of
our exposed settlements, and you will find them
uniformly committed by Indians clad m British
blankets and armed with British tomahawks and
scalping-knives. Is not this proof enough for
whom this work of blood is done"? How long,
sir, shall this innocent blood of your citizens call
to you in vain"? How long shall it be before you
interpose to arrest these crimes'? Are the lawful
pursuits of your people to be thns left the spoil and
the prey of foreign rapacity1! Does not the very
treaty which is so often pleaded, declare these pur-
suits legitimate; or is it, then,but an idle form"! If
legitimate, you are bound to protect your cit-
izens who engage in it; and the question of its
greater or less, profitableness than other occupa-
tions, is not one to be considered, except by those
who engage in it. The Senator from South Car-
olina, to disparage the trade, said yesterday that
few men have grown rich m it. Now I appre-
hend that, comparing great things with small, his
remark is equally true of manufactures. In these,
what a disproportion between the few capitalists
who get rich, and the multitudes of poor operatives
who never can1! It is but the same thing in either
pursuit: the operatives amass not the splendid for-
tunes, nor does every hunter and trapper become
a John Jacob Astor. Chance or taste leads them,
to adopt that pursuit; and it forms one of those na-
tional interests which we are bound to protect, in
common with even the humblest branch ofyour
industry or commerce. Whenever your sails
whiten the sea, in no matter what elime, against no
matter whom, the national arm stretches out its
protection. Everywhere but in this unhappy ter-
ritory, the persons and the pursuits ofyour citizens
are watched over. You count no cost when other
interests are concerned, when other rights are as-
sailed; but you recoil here from a trifling appropri-
ation to an object of the highest national impor-
tance, because it enlists no sectional influence.
Contrast, for instance, your supineness about the
Oregon Territory with your alacrity to establish,
for guarding the slave coast and Liberia, a squad-
ron costing ®600,000 annually, and which you have
bound yourself by treaty to keep up for five years,
with great exposure of lives and vessels. By stip-
ulation, eighty guns (one-twelfth of your force
afloat) is kept upon this service; and, as your na-
val expenditure amounts to about seven millions
a year, this (its twelfth part) will make, in five
years, three millions bestowed in watching the
coast of Atrica, and guarding the freedom of the
negro race! For this you lavish millions; and you
grudge $100,000 to the great American and nation-
al object of asserting your territorial rights and set-
tling your soil. You grant at once what furthers
the slave policy of a rival power, and deny the
means of rescuing from its grasp your own property
and soil'
[Here Mr. L. referred again to the letter of Mr.
Spalding, which we have given at large.*]
The general objection to the bill has been con-
fined to the grants of land. The South Carolina
Senators alone have viewed the establishment of
military posts as a violation of the convention.
And I understood one of those Senators to assert
even that, under the treaty, we could not extend
over the territory our legal jurisdiction, as Biitain
has done.
[Mr. McDdffib here assured Mr. L. that he had
misapprehended him: he held that we could ex-
*To show the operations of the Hudson Bay Comoany, to
root out American tur-traders, public attention is called to the
following extract of Mr. Townsend's excellent remarks upon the
Territory of Oregon, recently published in the NationalInteli-
gencer.
''Within a lew years, several Americans (of whom the writer
ot this notice is one) have crossed the Rocky Mountains to the
mouth of the Columbia, with objects entirely unconnected with
tiade or commerce. Mine wag die desire to see a new country,
a love ofadventute fur its own sake, and an enthusiastic fond-
ness for natural history.
"The party with which I travelled left Independence, Mis-
souri. about the latter part of a pill, 1834, and arrived at the
British Fort Vancouver in September, having peiformed the
whole journey on horseback. From this time until October,
1836, (.with the exception of the first winter, which I passedat
the Sandwich Islands,) my lesidence was m the Territory of
Oregon. Dr McLaughlin, the chief factor, treated me with
uniform and singular kindness, supplying all my wants, and
furnishing me with every facility m the prosecution of my
plans. This i?, I believe, the uniform character of the super-
intendents of British forts in that country. Travellers, natu-
ralists, and all who are not traders, are kindly and most'hospi-
tably treated; but the moment the visiter is known 'otrade a
beaver skin from an Indian, that moment heis elected from the
community, and all communication between him and the offi-
cers of the company ceases. When Captain Wyeth. with his
party, arrived at Walla-Walla fort, on hi- passage down the
Columbia, he was lequired by the sunpnntenderit to promise
that during his journey trom thence to Vancouver—300 miles
—he would not huy a beaver skin; the functionary assuring
him that, unless he consented so to hind himself, he would send
a party ahead of him which should be instructed to purchase
every beaver akin from the Indians on the route, at a price
which he (Wyeth) could not afford lo pay. It is a fact, noto-
rious in that country, that the honorable company has asum of
money, amounting to seveial thousand pounds sterling, laid
aside "at Vancouver, for the sole purpose of opposing all who
may come to interfere with its monopoly, by purchasing at ex-
orbitant prices all the furs m pos-ession of the Indians, and
thus forcing the settler to come to terms, or driving him from
the country. If it be an individual who is thus starved into
submission, he then usually clears a piece of land on the Wal-
lamet river, takes an Indian wife, and purchases lurs of the
natives, which, by previous contract, he is bound to seil to the
company at an advance which is fixed by the Governor,"
tend our jurisdiction over the Indians and our owl)
citizens.]
Mr. Linn. Well, sir, I stand corrected. I now
hold in my hand a copy of the contract which the
Hudson Bay Company passes with' its employees,
by which it is agreed that when the employee has
served a certain number of years, and wishes to
retire, he shall have a grant of fifty acres of land,
asuitofthe company's clothes, &c., he binding him-
self to a sort of feudal tenure to muster and bear
arms when needed.
Now, sir, does not this contract incontestibly es-
tablish, on their part, everything which it is denied,
that we can do'! Is it to be supposed that the com-
pany does not keep these engagements'? That can-
not be; and we know that their retired servants
have for some time had settlements and occupied
lands, in conformity with these agreements I ask
Senators, then, are we always to argue against our-
selves1?— always to interpret our national duties in.
favor of other nations, and to our own detriments
Was it not thns m 1828, when gentlemen, contend-
ed that we could not establish military posts in the
territory, nor extend our jurisdiction over if? This,
too, when Great Britain had already taken those
steps over the whole northwest, and even over a.
pari of our territory on. this side the Rocky Moun-
tains.
But gentlemen surely mistake when they im-
agine that this British jurisdiction can be confined
to British subjects alone. Pray, sir, were an
American to commit murder on an employee of
the company, does anybody believe that he would,
not be tried and hanged under this British law?
The English ministry, I know, has said (as Mr.
Gallatin tells us) that it was not intended to be ap-
plied to any but British subjects and Indians. But
what then1? What will the opinion of this or that
minister signify, a case having actually occurred?
By settled law, any denizen coming within its ju-
risdiction, and committing a crime, will be punish-
ed; and if there is a British judge or justice of the
peace there, he will be bound to execute this law,
to its letter, against Americans as all others.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] inadeit
clear that, under this law, controversies likewise
as to land titles between citizens of the two coun-
tries would pass under this jurisdiction. If so,
why not as much criminal offences'? Rut as to
such scrupulous limiting oftheirlegal assumptions,
they are far more likely to enlarge them. I never
heard of an Indian being hung under that law; but
I have lately learned the occurrence of a case
where a half-breed Indian, for the murder of an.
Englishman, was tried, convicted, and hung—a.
mode of death the most repugnant to all an In-
dian's prejudices. Why should this not have been,
done upon an American citizen'? What have you
done to insure his surrender to your own courts'!—
what to protect his pursuits, doubly legitimate both
by your territorial title and the stipulations of the
convention1?
You do not, probably, know the number of men
of Massachusetts, of New Hampshire, of Missouri,
and of other States, who would push their fortunes
in that territory, and carry civilization thither,
could they but expect from you the protection and
the favor which England, through the Hudson Bay
Company, grants to her people. Your States of the
East and. the West will not. send forth their swarms,
because they believe their -Government too timid
or too niggardly to protf ct or to assist them. They
never will believe you in earnest till, by some
measure as positive as this, you prove to them
that you regard your title as indefeasible, and give
them a pledge ofyour intentions that Cannot be re-
tracted. I have seen many letters to this effect,
and know that such is the general doubt which
holds back numbers who desire to go. Your peo-
ple require action of some kind; and I will feel that
I have not lived in vain, if this bill should have
the effect of bringing the subject to some definite
conclusion.
These are the views of those who look only to
the earthly rewards of hazardous enterprise. But
the Eastern States furnish others, whom a sacred
call has led to trace the pathless wilderness, care-
less of all human protection; who, in the true spirit
of Christian philanthropy, have braved every pri-
vation and danger to carry to Ihe valleys of the
Oregon and the Wallamet the light of the Gospel,
and its attendant, civilization; accomplishing
there, by individual devotedness, those noble bene-
fits which it was your part to have performed. The
Christian spirit of men has outstripped the tardy
