152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. i843.
s7th Gong 3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr, IAnn.
Senate.
policy and goodness of the Government; and these
■Gospel-bearers have at once formed a paradise,
■where your statesmen imagine nothing but sterii
sandS, or a surface blackened by volcanic fires.
Of the horrors of such a sojourn the Senator from
Stiuth Carolina [Mr. McDdpfie] seems to have
formed a particularly lively conception, and has
conveyed it (as was to be expected) in a very pow-
erful form. Had he (he said) an honest or deserv-
ing son, who desired to migrate thither, he would
say to him, "Don't go! stay where you are !" But,
had he one fit for a convict-ship or Botany Bay, he
would tell him, without hesitation, "Go, by all
'means!"
Now, for the Senator's information, I. beg to
lead a few well-authenticated descriptions of this
blasted land of his. The reporls of the mission-
aries, and the narratives of Captain Wilkes and of
Mr. Peale, the naturalist, give a very different
picture. They agree that, for picturesque beauty,
for exuberant fertility, and for salubrity of climate,
bo region of the earth, of equal extent, surpasses
the vales and the table-lands of the Oregon. There,
too, they tell you, instead of the dissoluteness of
such a population .as the Senator thinks it only fit
for, are seen gentleness, piety, intelligence, and
peace, which seem to have their chosen seat in the
beautifnl valley of the Wallamet. They are
law-abiding and law-loving; they are active, yet
quiet; no strifes or broils, suicides or murders. No
compulsion of the law is needed to make them pay
. their debts—a contrast, on this verge of civiliza-
tion, (as the Senator supposes it,) at which a por-
tion of his constituents, not to say my own, might
well blush. He is not less mistaken as to the mer-
cenary motives which, he thinks, can alone have
led these wanderers so far. Was it such that
brought our sturdy ancestors to the rock of Ply-
mouth'! May not their descendants speed to this
farthest West with like visions of some noble futu-
rity to be realized"? There is a fascination in these
half-real dreams which I have witnessed and felt;
and had I wealth to pay, or could such things be
bought, I know not what I would give to have felt
the wild and strange rapture with which Boon
must have gazed, for the first time, from the sum-
mit of the Cumberland mountains over the match-
less plain of Kentucky; or yet, again, when he had
passed through that Eden-like wilderness, and,
from the top of one of the mounds of a departed
race, looked, in bewildered delight, over the mag-
nificent banks and streams of the Ohio.
, These, sir. are sensations not to be purchased.
There is in them no touch of anything mercenary;
and they animate men to ventures which no gain
can repay, but which surely, in finding or founding
empires for us, deserve encouragement and protec-
tion, as much as any labors of that more sordid
kind which seek, and make themselves m safety,
rewards at home. There are men who go forth to
the wilderness like our first parents, when God sent
them forth from the garden of Eden to subdue the
earth. Such feelings, to our own immediate an-
cestors, shed an ideal beauty over the barren rock
of Plymouth, one day, under their all-subduing
spirit, to blossom like the rose. The same impulse
yet animates their race, and will bear them across
deserts, as of old across the deep, give them only
the protection of your laws and the countenance
of the Government.
I recollect, Mr. President, at the last session of
Congress to have heard a venerable and respected
lady say that, when she removed, at the close of
the Revolution, from Annapolis to Cumberland, in
Maryland, she was looked upon as having gone
out of the vso>rld, and as about to become a semi-
savage. In such a light were your forefathers [Mr.
Bates of Massachusetts in the chair] viewed when,
in their forlorn search for freedom, they abandoned
the ease of civilized life, and, for freer homes
braved the dangers of the deep and the terrors of
a savage shore. They but obeyed the instinct of
our peculiar race—that invincible longing for lib-
erty and space which impels those of Anglo-Saxon
descent to trace the rudest tracts, the wildest seas,
range the Atlantic and the Indian waste of waters,
explore the vast Pacific, and break through the
icy barriers of the polar oceans. With a spirit re-
newed from our virgin soil, and from Nature itself
in this untamed continent, it looks back to the land
of our forefathers, half ready to spread there the
regeneration which constantly agitates itself Other
nations may enlarge themselves by physical con-
quests; but we (I thank God for it!) can subdue .
only by the dominion of mind the moral empire of !
institutions. If neighboring countries are, at any
future time, to be added to our Union, it will be they
who will have sought the blessings of our institu-
tions; not we who will have coveted the enlarge-
ment of our territory by conquering fleets and
armies.'
[Here Mr. Linn proceeded to read a series of ex-
tracts from the documents to which he had referred;
a letter from Alvan F. Waller, one of the mission-
aries on the Wallamet, dated 6th April, 1842, and
published m the Christian Advocate and Jour-
nal ot December last; which, after speaking in the
highest terms of the agricultural, commercial, and
other advantages of the country, refers to the dis-
putes which have already occurred between the
Hudson Bay Company and the recent American
settlers. The company claiming, under the right
of pre-emption, some of the choicest spots now oc-
cupied by American settlers; which proves, con-
clusively, the intentions of the company to occupy
the best parts of the territory, to the exclusion of
the Americans. Will not these land disputes, as
well as all others, be brought under the operation
ofthe British act of Parliament of 18211?
A series of thermometrical observations from
Doctor Forry, by Mr. Ball, which may be found
in the 25th and 26th volumes of Silliman's Journal;
they show the average winter temperature at Fort
Vancouver to be 411 degrees of Fahrenheit; the
spring 48 degrees; the summer 65 degrees; the fall
524 degrees.' This is probably a little milder than
the climate of Norfolk, Virginia. Mr. L. also read
a descriptive letter of Mr. Titian Peale, dated here
on the 25th ultimo; another from Major Robert
Moore, dated at Wallamet, (Oregon,) March 8,1842;
a statement from Mr. Waldron, in a late letter
from the same place; a letter of Capt. Stecn, of the
United States dragoons, from Fort Leavenworth, in
which he says: "I have lately had some conversa-
tion with Col. Batlson of Jackson county, Missouri,
who has returned a short time since from the Ore-
gon Territory, and several other gentlemen from
Missouri; they speak in the most exalted terms of
the country, soil, climate, water-power, health,
fine timber, and many other advantages that coun-
try has over Missouri."
A letter of the Messrs. Benson, of New Yoik,
transmitting the statement of Captain Spald-
ing. All these are documents, not merely im-
portant, but interesting in themselves, though
beyond our present command of space. He
also referred to the well-known voyagers, Cook,
Vancouver, Portlocke,Dixon, Kruscn^tiern, Langs-
dorf, as well as Lewis and Clarke, and some others.
But, interesting as the matter becomes, in the view
of the present national question, and important as
are the materials thus brought together, we are com-
pelled here to break off.]
So little before 1813 or 1814 did Great Britain
ever doubt your claim to the lately-contested terri-
tory in Maine, that in 1814 she piopo^ed topurchase
that part of it which she desired. She next treated
for a right of way. It was refused; and she then
set up a claim to the soil. This method has sped
no ill with her; for she has got what she wanted,
and madf. you p.iY for it. Her Oregon game is
the same. She has set her heart upon a strip of
territory north ofthe Oregon, and seems determined
to pluck it from us, either by circumvention or
force. Aware of the political as well as legal ad-
vantages of possession, she is strengthening hers in
every way not too directly responsible. She is se-
lecting and occupying the best lands, the most fa-
vorable sites. These she secures to the settlers
under contracts. For any counteraction of yours,
she may take, and is taking, possession ofthe whole
territory. She has appropriated sites for mills,
manufactories, and farms. If one of these has been
abandoned for abetter, she reverts to it, if a citizen
of yours occupies it, and ejects him. She tells her
people she will protect them in whatever they have
laid, or may lay, their hands upon. If she can
legitimately do this, why may Dot we"! Is this a
joint occupation of which she is to have the sole
benefit'! Had you as many citizens there as she,
you would be compelled to protect them; and if you
have not, why is it but because she keeps them off,
and you refuse to offerthem the inducements which
she holds out? Give them a prospective grant of
lands, and insure them [the shelter of your laws,
and they will soon congregate there in force enough
to secure your rights and their own.
The Senator from South Carolina somewhat in-
consistently urges that the country is bleak, bar-
ren, volcanic, rocky, a waste always flooded when
it is not parched; and insists that, worthless as it
is, Great Britain will go at once to war for it.
Strange that she should in 1818 have held so te-
naciously to what is Jo worthless! Stranger still
that she should have stuck yet closer to it in 1827,
when she had had still ampler time to learn the
bootlessness of the possession! And strangest of
all, that she should still cling to it with the grasp .of
death! Sir, I cannot for my life help thinking
that she and the Senator have formed a very dif-
ferent estimate of the teriitory, and that she is
(as she ought to be) a good deal the better inform-
ed. Sheknows well its soil, climate, andphysical re-
sources, and perfectly comprehends its commer-
cial and geographical importance. And know-
ing all this, she was ready to sink all sense of
justice, stifle all respect for our clear title, and
hasten to root her interests in the soil, so as to se-
cure the strong, even when most wrongful, title
of possession.
As proof, among other things, of the worthless-
ness of the territory, the Senator yesterday main-
tained that, in the upper country, rain never falls;
and in the lower, hardly ever ceases. Now, the
facts derived from intelligent residents show that
in those parts ofthe country where it seldom rains,
copious dews supply the necessary moisture for
vegetable life; while the streams and rills which
on all sides descend from the mountains, enter-
tain a perpetual freshness in the arable and pas-
ture lands. It is shown, too, that, on the coast and
lowlands, what is called the rainy season is one
of gentle showers, not ofdelugesof rain. If they
have more ram, they have less frost and snow
than other countries, more fertility, and not less
health.
But the documentary information accumulated
here for some years past makes all who are con-
versant with it aware that the Senator mistakes
the character of the plains on the east as well as
the west side of the Rocky Mountait.s, He ima-
gines that the vast plains which stretch from the
base of that chain to the borders of our inhabited
territories are desert sands, destitute alike of vege-
tation and water. We all know that this is not so:
that these great plains are principally rich prairie
lands, sustaining countless herdsof antelopes, deer,
and buffaloes, and capable of most profitable culti-
vation. They are intersected by great rivers, fed
by innumerable streams, supplied by lesser tribu-
taries, diverging in every direction. Timber cer-
tainly is scarce; but it springs up and grows with
the population, andthebanks of the streams afford
everywhere strip* of wood, quite sufficient to supply
any population that can, for a good many years,
fix itself there. Mistaken, as the Senator is, as to
what lies comparatively near, I am not surprised
that he should misconceive what is so remote—the
country of the Oregon. He appears, also, not to be
aware that, from the lower Ohio to the eastern
skirts^of the Rocky Mountains, it is one vast coal-
field, "in its lower altitudes, intermixed with other
mineral regions, whose value seems almcst without
a limit.
Sir, I confess that this wealth of the surface, and
the still vaster natural treasuries that lie beneath,
un mined but not unknown, have awakened in me,
and seem to me to justify, the expectations which
the Senator considers so visionary. Over such
a region, the passage from the richest valley in the
world—that of the Mississippi—to a new and wide
commercial empire, that must presently start up on
the Pacific, I cannot think railroads and canals
mere day-dreams. The wonders which have,
within the last twenty years, been achieved in those
things, may well excuse those who look upon the
results I have mentioned as possible, even within
the compass of the present generation. All pre-
dictions, even the most sanguine, have in this
country been so distanced by the actual progress of
its prosperity, that gentlemen who foretell the
other way should beware of the error of the
Millerites, and not lay the accomplishments of
their prophecies too close at hand. Even in
the faith of the bold enthusiasts who landed at
Plymouth Rock, was there one ardent enough to
imagine that their descendants would, in five
centuries, perform what has been effected in two1?
It was said by General Cass, in his discourse be-
fore the Historical Society of this city, " that
he had conversed with those who had talked
with the children of the pilgrims." In that
mere space of time, what amazing changes!
What an empire has risen up, like an ex-
halation from earth! A new people has been
