Feb. I84S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
27th Cong ••••3d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
stockade and blockhouse forts, not exceeding five
in jiumber, from some point on the Missouri and
Arkansas rivers, into the best pass for entering the
valley of the Oregon; and, also, at or near the
mouth of the Columbia river.
That provision hereafter shall be made by law to
secure and grant six hundred and forty acres, or
one section of land, to every white male inhabitant
of the Territory of Oregon, of the age of eighteen
years and upward, who shall cultivate and use the
same for five consecutive years; or to his heir or
heirs-at-law, if such there be, in case of his decease.
And to every such inhabitant or cultivator (being a
married man) there shall be granted, in addition,
one hundred and sixty acres to the wife of said hus-
band, and the like quantity of one hundred and six-
ty-acres to the father for each child under th'e age
of eighteen years he may have, or which may be
born within the five years aforesaid.
That no sale, alienation, or contract of any kind,
shall be valid, of such lands, before the patent is
issued therefor; nor shall the same be liable to be
taken in execution, or bound by any judgment,
mortgage, or Hen, of any kind, before the patent is
so issued; and all pretended alienations or contracts
for alienating such lands, made before the issuing
of the patents, shall be null and void against the
settler himself, his wife, or widow, or against his
heirs-at-law, or against purchasers, after the issu-
ing of the patent.
That the President is hereby authorized and re-
quired to appoint two additional Indian agents,
with a salary of two thousand dollars each, whose
duty it shall be (under his direction and control) to
superintend the interests of the United States with
any or everv Indian tribe west of any agency now
established by law.
That the sum of one hundred thousand dollars
be appropriated, out of any money in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to carry into effect the
rovisions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the civil
and criminal jurisdiction of the supreme court and
district courts of the Territory of Iowa be, and the
same is hereby, extended over that part of the In-
dian territories lying west of the present limits of
the said Territory of Iowa, and somh of the forty-
ninth degree of north latitude, and west of the Rocky
Mountains, and north of the boundary line between
the United States and the Republic of Texas, not
included within the limits of any State; and, also,
over the Indian territories comprising the Rocky
Mountains and ihe country between them and the
Pacific ocean, south of fifty-four degrees and forty
minutes of north latitude, and north of the lorty-
becond degree of north latitude; and justices of the
peace may be appointed for the said territory, in
"the same manner, and with the same powers, as
now provided by law in relation to the Territory
of Iowa: Provided,, That any subject of the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, who shall have been arrest-
ed under the provisions ot this act for any crime al-
leged to have been committed within the territory
westward of the Stony or Rocky Mountains, while
the same remains free and open to the vessels, citi-
zens, and subjects of the United States and of Great
Britain, pursuant to stipulations between the two
powers, shall be delivered up, on proof of his being
such British subject, to the nearest or most conve-
nient authorities having cognizance of such offence
by the laws ot Great Britain, for the purpose of
being prosecuted and tried according to such laws.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That one asso-
ciate judge of the supreme court of the Territory
of Iowa, in addition to the number now authorized
by law, may, in the discretion of the President, be
appointed, to hold his office by the same tenure
and for the same time, receive the same compen-
sation, and possess all the powers and authority con-
ferred by law upon the associate judges of the said
Territory; and one judicial district shall be organ-
ized by the said supreme court, in addition to the
existing number, in reference to the jurisdiction
conferred by this act; and a district court shall be
held in the said district by the judge ofthe supreme
court, at such times and places as the said court
shall direct; and the said district court shall pos-
sess ail the powers and authority rested m the
present district courts of the said Territory, and
may, in like manner appoint its own clerk.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any jus-
tice of the peace, appointed in and for the territories
described in the second section of this act, shall
have power to cause all offenders against the laws
ofthe United States to be arrested by such persons
as they shall appoint for that purpose, and to com-
mit such offenders to safe custody for trial, in the
same cases and in the manner provided by law in
relation to the Territory of Iowa; andto cau*e the
offenders so committed to be conveyed to the place
appointed for the holding of a district couit for the
said Territory of Iowa, nearest and most conve-
nient to the place of such commitment, there to be
detained for trial, by such persons as shall be au-
thorized for that purpose by anyjudge of the, su-
preme court, or any justice of the peace of the
said Territory; or where such offenders are Brit-
ish subjects, to cause them to be delivered to the
nearest or most convenient British authorities, as
hereinbefore provided; and the expenses of such
commitment, removal, and detention shall be paid
in the same manner as provided by law in respect
to the fees of the marshal of thesaid Territory.
REMARKS OF MR. WELLER,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, Febmary 17, 1843—
On the army bill.
The amendment of the Senate, appropriating
$150,000 to the continuation of the improvement
of the navigation of the Ohio, Mississippi, Missou-
ri, and Arkansas rivers, being under considera-
tion—
Mr. WELLER said he desired to submit a few
remarks upon the pending amendment. He would
not, at this late period ofthe session, when so many
important bills remain to be disposed of, obtrude
any remarks upon the House, it it were not for the
fact that the State which he had the honor, in part,
to represent, was deeply interested in this measure.
As a Representative, sent here to watch over her
interests, he could not consent to have a vote taken
on this proposition, without presenting some facts
which he deemed of importance.
The amendment appropriates $150,000 to con-
tinue the improvements heretofore commenced
(and for some time past suspended) in the naviga-
tion of the Western rivers. It is presented here
as an isolated,independent pioposition, having no
connexion whatever with any other public work,
and relying for support exclusively upon its own
merits/ For one, he preferred that it should come
before us in this form; for he utterly abhorred the
"log rolling system," which had "too frequently
been introduced into our legislation here—a sys-
tem calculated to corrupt legislation and plunder
the treasury, by involving the Government in ap-
propriations not demanded by the public weal. He
would have each measure to stand or fall upon its
own merits; and, unless he could satisfy gentlemen
that the public interest required that this expendi-
ture should be made, he would be content to see it
defeated.
Mr. W. said, in order to ascertain the import-
ance of the uninterrupted navigation of these riv-
ers, it was only necessary to look at the immense
region of territory interested therein, the vast
amount of commerce floating upon these waters,
and the large number of persons whose lives were
placed in jeopardy by the_ obstructions which this
appropriation is designed' to remove. The work
was one of importance to the Union generally, but
especially so to that portion of our population re-
siding in the vicinity of these rivers. Eleven
States—containing more than one-third of the
whole population of the Union—were directly in-
terested in the navigation of these rivers. A vast
amount of the produce which we send to our At-
lantic brethren, and which is cither consumed by
them, or shipped to foreign ports, as well as the
goods which we receive in return,passes overthese
rivers; and hence the work is one of a genera]
character, in which 1 he whole Union is more or less
interested. If, as is contended by some gentlemen
who are "wise above what is written," Congress
has not the constitutional power to open these great
national channels of commerce, by removing the
obstructions which impede or endanger their nav-
igation, then the Fedeial Government is an imprac-
ticable machine. Although a strict constructionist
himself, he was not willing to give such an inter-
pretation to the Constitution as would make that in-
strument a dead letter. Whilst he admitted that the
Federal Government had not the power to go into
the States and construct improvements of a local
character, yet he contended that, when the work
was of a general and national character, affecting
the interests of the whole Republic—such as the im-
provement of these rivers, or the making of har-
bors for our commerce, or building of light-houses—
we had the power. Such had been the construc-
tion given to the Constitution by its framers, and
by the wisest statesmen Irom all sections of the
Union, ever since the organization of the Govern-
ment. It would not be right, even if it were practi-
cable, to compel the States lying near these rivers to
make these improvements.
Some gentlemen from New York, who have
spoken against this amendment, seem to think that
all the commerce of this country floats upon the
Hudson river! Ko doubt they were sincere in
this opinion; bat, if they could find leisure to trav-
el a little—especially if they would venture so far
as to cross the Alleghanies, and look into the
vast and fertile valley which stretches along these
rivers,—they might, perhaps, be convinced that
there was some little commerce besides that which
floats on the Hudson! A man sometimes gains a
good deal of information by getting far enough
from heme to lose sight of the smoke of his own.
dwelling. He might poiht these gentlemen to his
own proud State—one of the junior members of
this Confederacy—a State which, a little more than
forty years ago, lay nearly in a slate of nature, an
unbroken wilderness, inhabited by wild beasts and
savage men; but which, under the industry and
enterprise of her hardy and independent sons, had
beeh made to "bloom and blossom as the rose"—a
State which now numbered more than a million,
and a half of inhabitants, and whose boundless
natural resources justified the fondest anticipations
of her future greatness. Yes, (said Mr. W.,) let
these Hudson-river gentlemen go into Ohio—al-
ready the third State in the Union—and they will
learn, possibly, to their astonishment, lhat there are
civilized people beyond the mountains, who are
entitled to some of the benefits of your legislation.
They would find a soil as productive as any upon
the face of the earth, and a people as enlightened
and patriotic as the citizens of any of the States of
this Union. It might enlarge the patriotism of
some of these Southern gentlemen, too, who are
constantly prating about Southern rights, if they per-
mitted their vision toextendalittlebeyond the limits
of their own impoverished, worm-eaten districts.
But he had not risen to disparage other States, or
bestow a eulogy on his own. Ohio needed no com-
mendation from him. The Iudian wars of the
We.it, the victorious bottles in which the country
has been engaged, can attest the gallantry, the da-
ring chivalry, and exalted patriotism of her sons.
Her internal improvements, her roads and canals,
her magnificent public institutions, her inexhausti-
ble resources, the rapid progress she has made in
everything calculated to dignify human nature,
must attest her greatness.
These gentlemen, (said Mr. W.,) when asked
to make a small appropriation to be expended in
the West, reply that they cannot go with us unless
we will vote large sums to the improvement of
their rivers—something must be done for the Hud-
son river. If the facts presented in relation to that
river make out a case half as strong as ours, then
he pledged himself to go for it. But some of these
gentlemen, who oppose this amendment, could very
coolly vote $120,000 out of the treasury to purchase
columns to adorn the Boston custom-house. They
could expend two millions and a half of dollars ill
building two custom-houses in the North; but when
we ask them for #150,000 to remove the obstructions
which are daily destroying the property and lives
of our people in the West, we are favored with
homilies on economy! He, too, was in favor of
economy; and more especially now, in the present
condition of the national treasury. He would not
vote for any appropriation to works of this char-
acter, unless clearly satisfied that the public inter-
est imperiously demanded it. He held that this
was an expenditure absolutely necessary, and to re-
fuse it would be anything else but economy.
Mr. W. said he had always voted liberally to-
wards the inciease and support of the navy, al-
though no portion of the vast sums appropriated
were to be expended in his section of the country.
He had gone as far as the public interest would
justify with Atlantic gentlemen, in the construc-
tion of harbors and light-houses to protect their
commerce; and, as he before remarked, he was
ready to go for an appropriation to the Hudson,
river, if the facts were sufficient to warrant it.
This river (about which we hear so much) was,
he believed, navigable only about 160 or 170 miles;
and he would be glad to have some gentleman from
