m 
2TTH Cong-".3D SKSS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jdn. 1843.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
"In this state of things," Mr. C. said, "he knew
not how far parties might split, whether from dif-
ference in opinion or from personal relations. He
<5ould see, in the race for the Presidency, no indi-
vidual who, so far as he could judge, presented an
overwhelming, irresistible power. Looking to
overt acts as the criterion, he would say there was
no such competitor. He understood there was to
be a Whig convention, and there was to be also a
Democratic convention; and he did not know that
they might not agree. [A laugh.] But there were
certain buddings—some early blossoms of discord
—which might lead to a doubt as to what would be
the precise course of the convention. However
this, might be, this he did know, that, during a year
and a half to come, there must be great popular
commotions and discussions. Whether a candidate
might be nominated by each convention or not, this
he knew and why should he not say it? He
thought, on the whole, he had better say it: [sev-
eral voices—'Oh, yes, do say it, do :'] it would not
be for the political interest of any one of the par-
ties to carry on a very furious war against the
Administration and its friends.
[Here Mr. C, was brought to a pause by peals of
laughter, and cncs, "Ah, that's a tender point."]
"Mr. C. said that he considered it as material
that there should be a frank understanding on ihese
matters. There were men in the Administration,
or connected with the Administration, who, at a
proper time, might have a word to say. He did
not know whether their voice would be potential;
but this he did know, that of all the elements now
in tumultuous and conliicting motion in thenational
cauldron—in the grand political seething-pot—the
inost potential of all was the Federal Government,
(President.) [Cries of'Oh, yes—it has the offices!']
]$o; not by the distribution of ofhce—not by the
power of patronage. No; he went deeper—it was
by the constitutional power of the Federal Govern-
ment, (President.) Let gentlemen go bark to the
extra session. An important measure had been
proposed by the Administration; a committee had
reported upon it; it was pushed along through the
Houses, when lo, theie came a veto! There were
consequences; yes, and-the relation held by Admin-
istration measures to the action of Congiess,
showed that there was a power which the Consti-
tution gave lo the Government (President) to act
upon events and effect results, that was a hundred
fold greater than all its powers of mere patron
age."
In another part of his speech, the gentleman said:
"I would say to gentlemen of all parties in this
House, and more especially to gentlemen consti-
tuting the majority in, (Jongres-s, If you tvill not
co-operate with the President in carrying on the
Government, which is your highest duty, he must
seek the aid of your adversaries. If you Whigs
will lock the wheels of Government, 1 trust aid
will be found in the Democrats; and thus, and thus
only, I present the question to the House." Is it
not strange that this gentleman, having used this
.anguage, should boldly challenge any man to
make good the position, that he offered to barter to
party the power and influence of John Tyler and
his administration's He. is their trusted and confi-
dential organ in this House. His object is not to
fet from Congress all proper aid to enable the
'resident to administer his depai Intent; for that
has been, in a spirit ot patriotism, liberally afforded
by the Whigs, and by the Whigs only. IIis pui-
poseis the same which the Executive has been
steadily and systematically pmsuing for upwards
of twelve years. It is, to draw to the President the
absolute control of the initiation, the form, and
fate of all measures of legislation. The particu-
lar measure at this time islhe exchequer. Jle pio
claims 011 this floor, that parties may split liom
differences of opinion and personal relations; that
both the Democratic and Whig parties were to hold
national conventions; that there were a legion of
aspirants to the office of the Presidency, whose
pretensions were to be discussed, and to excite
greatly the public mind for a year and a half to
come; that it was altogether doubtful who would
get the Whig and Democratic nominations; and of
all the causes by which parties, sections of parties,
and men, were to be put up and put down, the
most potential was the President and his adminis-
tration; that the Whigs had refused their support
to the exchequer, and the other attempts of John
Tyler to control the legislation of Congress; that
if the Democrats, and any section of the Whigs,
Vould lend themselves to "that end the President
and the Administration would not only use all the
patronage to their aggrandizement, but would also
bring to bear in their favor the veto power, which,
"to act upon events and effect results, was a hun-
dred fold greater than all the mere power of pa-
tronage," and could control "the national policy."
I appeal to candid men who heard the gentleman,
if I have not fairly presented his points and his
positions. And was the moral sense of this na-
tion ever before outraged with anything so shame-
less and profligate7? Shades of Washington and
Madison!—was it ever dreamed that the executive
power which you fashioned and established, to be
exercised in a spirit of lofty, pure, and enlightened
patriotism, should be wielded by an Administration
which would cast away all standard of political
morality, and come imo Congress by their .ac-
credited agent, and offer to prostitute their whole
patronage, and even the sprig of kingly preroga-
tive—the veto, which the gentleman says, truly,
is so potent—that ii might acquire the power to
usurp the legislation of the Government, and that
by the degradation and corruption of Congress'?
No President has a right to any other political in-
fluence, except that moral power which wise and
just measures, and a faithful and vigilant admin-
istration of his department, u ill certainly give him;
and he ought not to be tolerated to i esort lo any other
means to obtain it.
But this proposition is as deceitful as it is infa-
mous. John Tyler has never kept faith with any
party; his object is to getaseeming present support
from one of the parties in Congress, and to trust to
events lo make it permanent. When the time
comes, he would add another to his long list of
treacheries. Shortly after the Presidency fell upon
him, he, by his Secretary of State—in analogy to
the English premiership—addressed a pompousbut
hollow proclamation to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in which it is declared' "Pie (the President)
thercfoic directs the information to be given to all
the officers of agents in youi department of the
public service, that paitisan interference in pop-
ular elections, whether of State officers or of this
Government, and for whomsoever or against
whomsoever it may be exercised, will be regarded
by him as cause of removal." In his first annual
message he says, on the subject of removal, that
his own conduct had "been governed by a consci-
entious purpose to exercise the removing power
only in cases of unfaithfulness or inability, or in
those in which its excrcise appeared necessary, in
order to discountenance and suppress the spirit of
active partisanship on the part ofthe holders of of-
fice, which not only withdraws them from the
steady and impartial discharge of their official du-
ties, but exerts ail undue and injurious influence
over elections, and degrades the character ofthe
Government itself, inasmuch as it exhibits the chief
magistrate as being a party, through his agents, in
the secret plots or open workings of political par-
ties." These sentiments are eminently just and
proper, and does it not exhibit a hardihood, an ob-
tusity to dishonor almost inciedible, that Ibc very
men who have so recently pioclaimed them lo the
nation, should offer to desecrate, in the mode
which they thus prescribe, the whole executive
power ofthe Government1? If the offences which
they denounce are dangerous and scandalous, that
which they have committed is abhorrent, and tends
to revolution by means of corruption.
The gentleman [Mr. Cvsm.w] treats the President
as the great ruling power of the Government, and
Congress as a subordinate incidental department,
whose business is merely to co-operatein giving ef-
fect lo his views I take issue with the gentleman,
and maintain that, in all free Governments, and espe-
cially in ours, the legislative branch is predomi-
nant. Popular liberty has nowheie existed, nor
will itlong exist, under any otheradj'ustment of pow-
er. Congress is invested with the high powers of
declaring war, providing all the means by which
it is waged, and for the public defence; borrowing
and appropriating money; creating and paying
public debts; imposing taxes; coining money; reg-
ulating commerce with foreign nations and among
the States; defining and punishing treason and felo-
nies, ; and is expressly made the repository of
all the undefined powers that may be necessary and
proper to execute those which the Constitution has
conferred upon it, upon the other departments, and
upon every officer of the Government—even this
puissant P/esident himself. Hisprincipal power—
which is greater and more operative than the
whole aggregate^besides—is to execute the laws
the imbodied will of Congress, which he binds him,
self in his oath of office to do. Congress may im-
peach him, and expel him from his place. Con?
gress is, and was intended by thej framers of the-
Constitution to be, the chief power; the President
is but the incident. There is no higher or more
arduous duty devolving upon this House than to
do its part, moderately but resolutely, to pre-
serve this constitutional relation of the two depart-
ments.
It seems to be the purpose ofthe gentleman aad
the Administration to introduce the English system
by which the ministry has the iniation and the con-
trol of all the principal measures of .legislation; but
the effort is to withhold from Congress the over-
ruling control which Parliament, and especially
the House of Commons, exerts in these matters.
We deny that England is a free country; and yet,
her House of Commons has more influence and ef-
ficiency in her Government than has the House of
Representatives in ours. The public opinion ofthe
nation speaks potentially through the House of
Commons; and no minister can hold his place, no
war can be continued, no measure or coui se of pol-
icy can be perseveringly urged or opposed by the
King or ministry against the will of the nation as
spoken by the Commons. It was this House that
forced George the Third to terminate the war of
our revolution, by an acknowledgment of our inde-
pendence; that carried the emancipation of the
Catholics against all the opposition of the King,
and the more stubborn and imperious Duke of
Wellington; and that effected that great pacific rev-
olution, the reform of its own representation. No
minister can stand against the judgment and the
vote of the House of Commons; and when he is
there defeated upon any measure or important prop-
osition, it ishisimperative signal to throw up his
seals of office; and there is named as his successor
one who immediately conforms the Executive Gov-
ernment to the will of the people as thus spoken.
So, when the ministry seems to be fashioning legis-
lation accordingto its own will, it is, in truth, sub-
mitting to the mandates ofthe House of Commons.
The gentleman and our republican Administra-
tion want to be subordinate to no such influence;
their attempt is to raise the President above all con-
trol, and to degrade Congress to a mere registry of
his edicts.
The gentleman has often inveighed against the
despotism of Congress. Sir, a numerous' popular
representation and a despotism never did, and never
can exist, together. Such a body may commit oc-
casional acts of injustice and oppression, but it is
impossible for it to maintain a systematic, perse-
vering, and enduring tyranny; it has too many di-
verse wills, interests, and ends. It fluctuates so
rapidly in all these elements of action, and in its
personnel, that its neutralizes, checks, and reverses
fitfully its own decisions; it it were otherwise, it has
neither the means nor the aptitude for their effi-
cient execution. It is the undivided, secret, rapd,
energetic will of a single Executive, dispensing
office and honors, wielding the purse and the
swoid, and transmitted from individual to individ-
ual by succession or election, which all history
proves to be the great enemy of popular liberty.
This is the power in our system which her votaries
ought to watch with sleepless vigilance; for its ad-
vance here has been quite as rapid and threaten-
ing as in most countries whose freedom it has
cloven down. Sir, instead of being able to main-
tain the firm, rigorous, and iron rule of despotism,
the natural tendency of a large representative body,
frequently elected, is not only to liberty, but also to
licentiousness; and it is in part to correct this in-
herent vice, that other branches of our Government
than this House have been constituted. But all
Experience establishes this truth—that such assem-
blies are the natural and most potent enemies of
despotism. What is the history of modern Eng-
lish liberty'? Formerly, the mass of that people
were not recognised in her political system; the
third estate and its House of Commons had its ori-
gin under Edward 3d; but there was no popular
freedom in the island for two centuries afterwards.
Henry 8th wrested the spiritual authority over his
dommions from the See of Rome, and united it
with the absolute civil and political power which
he possessed. His purpose was not to ameliorate
the condition of the Protestants, but to sway an un-
divided temporal and spiritual power in his own
realm. He wasoneof the most absol ute and bloody
tyrants that ever reigned. He could not only sus-
pend the law, but his proclamations had the forcg
