Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
27w CONG.""SD Sess.
The Bankrupt Law —Mr. G, D wis.
H. of Reps.
and the sanction of laws; and, during his reign,
more than seventy-two thousand persons perished
by execution. Elizabeth -was not lees proud and
imperious in disposition; she, too, exercised the sus-
pending power, and vetoed, some sessions, more
than half the acts which Parliament passed. Un-
der her rule, industry spread, the arts and commerce
flourished, the wealth and consideration of the
commons rapidly increased, and the spirit of liber-
ty grew with their affluence, intelligence, and
strength. Their murmurs began to alarm, their
voice to be heeded, and their wrongs to be redressed
by the haughty Tudor. They remonstrated by their
House of Parliament wihthe imperial virago her-
self against abuses by monopolies; she had the sa-
gacity to discern that thtre was a spirit up, not to be
trifled with; she curbed the hot blood of her father,and
^with great judgment and tact graciously corrected
the evil. James 1st had as much attachment to
power and prerogative, but not the courage or tal-
ent to maintain them; he was constantly making is-
sues with Parliament, but was too feeble for the
conflict; the consequence was, the spirit of liberty
and of the commons grew apace. When Charles 1st
came to the throne, it had acquired strength and
resolution enough to defy and to conquer the perils
which awaited it. It numbered among its cham-
pions a Milton and a Hampton, a Cromwell and a
Bunyan. It was mixed up with the hysterical tears,
the austere form, and the gloomy enthusiasm of the
religion of the Puritans; but it was nevertheless up-
held by prudence and sound sense, by genius and
attainment, by activity and fortitude, and by a de-
votion which no danger could awe, no treasure
could corrupt, no honors could seduce, nothing
could shake. It was fully equal to one ol' the great-
est of human events—the dethronement and the exe-
cution of Charles. All that is valuable in English or
American liberty, civil or religious, is due to the
Puritans, and the House of Commons of the Long
Parliament; they stormed the main citadel of dps-
potic power; their successors have bsen marshalled
by their example, from conquest to conquest in the
overthrow of the weaker ones. The freedom of
England has been won, by ages of heroic struggle
on the part of her Hou-e of Commons, from her ty-
rant kings, ft is a magnificent fabric, which nobly
vindicates numerous representative assemblies of
the people from the foul aspersion of a tendency to
despotism.
The gentleman occupies a strange position, and
puts forth extraoidmaiy notions, considering the
measures and principles which he always, until
the commencement of this Administration, ad-
vocated with so much zeal and ability. 1 had read
many of his speeches before I knew him. lad-
mired his talents and attainments; I approvedof the
soundness of his views, and was instructed and for-
tified in my own. But he is wonderfully metamor-
phosed; and I think if he will examine the matter
deliberate!)', he will find it to be quite as true, that
he has broken his neck politically in jumping his
somersets, as that "the Whig party has knocked
out its brains against the fixed fact." He tells us
that party is nothing but an association of men
struggling for power; and that he contemns meas-
ures—that measures are not principles. The gen-
tleman must have been reading the celebrated
treatise, "The Prince," for such dicta are of the
school of Machiavelli; and his sudden and total
abandonment of all the principles as well as meas-
ures, to which he was as strongly pledged as any
Whig, good and true, proves that be had studied
his lesson to some purpose. At die extra session of
1837, he opposed the sub treasury in a very elabo-
rate speech, in which we find these passages: "We
are to have a Government paper-currency, recog-
nisable by the Government of the United States,
and employed in its dealings; but it is to be irre-
deemable Government paper." "If the scheme were
not too laughingly absurd to spend time in arguing
about it seriouslv; il the mischiefs of a Government
paper currency "had not had an out-and-out trial
both in Europe and America, I might discuss it as
a question of political economy. But I will not oc-
cupy the committee in this way. I am abounded
at the fatuity of any set of men who can think cf
any such project." "I welcome the general idea
that Government should not be ever prone to inter-
fere in the private pursuits of the citizen. One of
the mischiefs of the times has been the meddlesome
interference of General Jackson in the business of
the country—his prurient tampering with the cur-
rency under the pretext of reforming it. This is
the very thing 1 would prevent, It is one reason
why I am against a marriage of Bank and State. I
wish to have banks the business agents, not the
party hacks, of the Administration. I oppose the
sub-treasury for the same reason. If adopted, it
would enable the Government to put up exchange
or to put down exchange, and to produce fluctuations
in the money-market at will. It would place the
whole commerce and business of the United States
at the arbitrary mercy of the PresidentoftheUnited
States." He gave, then, a definition of a bank, and
avowed the sub-treasury to be a Government bank;
and upon those and other objections which are un-
answerable, he pertinaciously opposed that meas-
ure for three years; and, it having been forced upon
him and the country, at the earliest opportunity he
voted for its repeal. Now, he is the unscrupulous
advocate of the exchequer, a measure embodying
both the sub-treasury and a great organized Gov-
ernment bank, and faught with morefrightful dan-
gers than his own excited imagination had pictured
m the whole three years.
He was one of the staunchest supporters of a
United States Bank. He characterized "the refusal
of the late President (Jackson) to sign the bill re-
chartering the bank, like the removal of the depos-
ites, to be in defiance and violation of the popular
will." He argued that a mixed circulation of coin
and paper was irrevprsnbly fixed upon the country,
and asks: "But how shall the paper circulation be
supplied1? and how regulated'? 'The plain,obvious,
straightforward course would be to hearken to the
voice of experience, and to follow out the analo-
gies of our political institutions. Twice, for long
periods of time, have we tried a national bank, and
in each period it has fulfilled its appointed purpose
of supplying a safe and equal currency, and of
regulating and controlling the issues of the State
banks. Twice have we tried for a few years to
drag on without o national bank, and each of these
experiments has been a season of disaster and con-
fusion." And yet, sir, he has denied that he was
ever the supporter of a bank of the United States,
and is now one of the most rabid revileis of such
an institution.
He was for Mr. Clay's land bill; and he has
abandoned, and now contemns it. So man has been
more fiequ'ent and unsparing ill his denunciations
of General Jackson; and now he is ihe sycophantic
eulogist of the old hero. He was the unflinching
defender of the constitutional rights and powers of
Congress. This Administration has not only re-
sorted to the most flagitious abuse of the veto pow-
er, but has renewed every other assault, open or in-
sidious, of Presidents jackson and Van Buren
upon Congress, which he, at the time, so indig-
nantly rebuked; and he now justifies them ail. He
has gone far ahead of the extremest parasites of
executive power. John Tyler vetoed four acts of
Congress which the gentleman had voted for, and
strange, by his subtle sophistry, he defended each
of the vetoes; and most strange, when the House,
in conformity to the provisions of the Constitution,
voted again upon the measures, his vote was re-
corded m their favor, and to overrule the very ve-
toes of which he had just been the venal advocate.
He has proclaimed that the President is a co-ordi-
nate branch of the legislative power; that "the Pres-
ident has as much right to discuss Congress, as
Congress hasto discuss him;" that this House has
no more right to require of the Executive any paper
in the departments, than the President has to de-
mand of it the papers in the custody of its clerk.
He has sweepingly, again and again, condemned
the present Congress—its measures, its spirit, and
its action; and, in the manner of prophetic railing,
he has warned us that we are rushing on to our
destiny.
This same gentleman, m 1837, made a speech in
this House, which contains an analysis of the Con-
stitution, among the soundest, most instructive, and
condensed, I have ever seen. I will read a passage
or two from it. "The powers vested in the Presi-
dent, by the Constitution, are partly expressly enu-
merated, and the rest, are such as Congress may
see fit to intrust to the President, either under the
several specific powers granted to Congress, or un-
der the general power, which closes the enumera-
tion, and is suppletorv to all the rest." "To make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and
all other powers vested by this Constitution m the
Government of the United States, or any officer or
department thereof." Here is the life-giving clause;
the grant to Congress to infuse vitality into the un-
defined cowers of the executive.
Again: "Yet we have, in late times, seen theprin-
cipal officers of the executive departments treated
as the mere servants of the President—the humble
instruments of his supreme will; instead of what
the Constitution supposes—the agents of the law of
the lan1, and the instruments of Congress as well
as the President."
He then emers into some very cogent reasoning,
and concludes, "that the vitality of the functions of
the executive, under the Constitution, is to be in-
fused into them by the legislation of Congress."
He then proceeds to a geneial enumeration of
the abuses of President Jackson, and continues: "I
denounce these acts of the Administration, and the
pretences of power by which they are sought to be
defended, as the crowning evidences of the means
of corruption, and the scope for usurpation, which
these functions afford."
"First. I conclude, as the general inference, that
the powers of the Executive are, as compared with
those of Congress, or any other department of the
Government, particularly susceptible of abuse; that
they have been abused; and that they have a perse-
vering tendency continually to increase."
"In the second place, I conclude, as the other
general inference, that the remedy for the abuses to
which I have referred, is, to diminish Ihe power
mid influence of the Executive. The salvation of
the Government depends upon it."
"A wise and a brave people, it has been well
said, will neither be cheated nor bullied out of lib-
erty. But such a people may cease to be vigilantly
wise—to be unshakingly brave—by resigning them-
selves to the treacherous and corrupt influences of
power. Would to God some divine afflatus might
descend upon the Constitution, to resuscitate and
animate its enfeebled energies; that the voice of the
Almighty, from the empyreal height where he sits
enthroned, penetrating the clouds which surround
us, would say, even to these dry bones of the Con-
stitution: 'Live! be thou once more a creature oj
health and strength, to go forth, in the majesty of
thy beauty, a ministering angel, on a mission of
blessings to the world.' "
He concluded by offering this preamble:
"Whereas the influence of the executive depart-
ment of the Government has, for some time past, in
derogation of the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion, continued to increase, and ought to be dimin-
ished."
It was followed by two resolutions; the first of
which proposed to refer so much of the President's
message as relates to the collection, safekeeping,
and transfer of the public moneys, to a select com-
mittee, with instructions to report such method of
effecting these objects "as would most promote the
public welfare, and secure the liberties of the peo-
ple."
"Secondly, such other reforms in the practice of
the Government as, in their opinion, shall tend to
bring back the administration thereof to the stand-
ard of the original purity of the Constitution."
There was no abuse in the executive administra-
tion of General Jackson which does not now exist
in an aggravated form, and which the gentleman
docs not now justify—except Congress is not de-
graded to be the employing tool of John Tyler.
And this is its sin ! This is the cause that John Ty-
ler and his constitutional advisers are daily pouring
out their ribald abuse. It is for this reason that the
most miserable faction that ever existed is con-
stantly hurling rancorous, but pointless, denuncia-
tion against the majority of this House; that those
who compose it are so often reading us lectures
against ultraism, and in favor of patriotism, whilst
thev are in the very plenitude of venality, and of
factious animosity. The gentleman tells us, in the
speech read from, that the President can exercise
no power not expressly conferred upon him by the
Constitution, without the interposition of congres-
sional legislation; and yet he has here declared,
with pointed emphasis, that the power of removal—
an implied power—is rested by ihe Constitution in
ihe President alone; that he cannot be interfered
with in its exercise. Is Mr. Caleb Cushing of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Caleb Gushing of'Massachusetts'?
or is he some other person"? He says we are for
recurring to obsolete ideas; he is for the principles
of progress, and keeping up with the improvements
of the age. We deny that his innovation is im-
provement. We cautiously adopt principles which
stand the test of experiment; but we totally reject
his heinous political Mormonism.
But the gentleman, in his tergiversations anc|
