1849-
APPBNBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f6l
27th Cong 3d Sess.
Mr. McDuffie's Resolutions—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
manship, in oratory which convinces the reason
and rules the passions—in all the high powers of ex-
ecutive capability, he has no equal. Intuitive and
accurate apprehension, soundness of judgment,
directness and comprehensiveness of mind, and
high and h'onest purpose, are among his distin-
guishing characteristics. His system of policy
is as broad as this confederacy, enlarged as its
great and varied interests, and based upon eternal
principles and truth. He is ambitious; but he has
ever held that turbulent and towering passion strict-
ly subject to the behests ol honor, to patriotism,
to devotion to constitutional liberty, and to the
rights of the people. Neither his services nor his
renown have been limited to his own race, or to his
own country; but both pervade the civilized world.
Exposed for years to the resentments of a great
party, his firm, unwavering, consistent, and lofty
Course has conquered their suspicions and their
enmity; and now there is none whose good opinion
is of any value, who do not pay homage to his great-
ness and integrity, and exult in the consciousness
that he is their countryman, because of the lustre
which he has shed upon the name. He may or
may not attain to the Presidency, but he occupies,
and will ever occupy, one of the loftiest positions in
the moral world—a summit bathed all over in living
and glorious light, revealing the whole man as he
is, without fear and without reproach. He is our
trusted, our well-tried champion—faithful among
the faithless—the impersonation of our glorious
cause, under whose banner wc go forth (politically)
to conquer or to perish; and if, in this conflict, we
are to fall, you will find
"Our backs to the field and oar feet to the foe."
REMARKS OF MR. DAYTON,
OF NEW JERSEY.
hi Senate, February 15, 1843—On Mr. McDuffie's
resolutions and the amendments.
Mr. DAYTON said:
The resolutions of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,] as well as his remarks
in support of those resolutions, assert only general
abstract principles, extending to no measure of a
practical character for the iclief of the country.
I was the more disappointed in this, as he alleges
that all parties are responsible for the present con-
dition of things.
His abstract principles may be condensed fairly
as follows:
In reference to the currency: Do nothing; the
country will work out its own salvation. (He
might have added, "with fear and trembling.")
This principle is not a new one: it was one of the
principles of the last Admimsti alien, that the cur-
rency should take care of itself.
In reference to finance and commerce, his doc-
trine is, that we should be governed by the legisla-
tion of Great Britain; that, it' she looks only to-
wards free trade, we are to reciprocale; that our
tariff laws are a curse to our revenue, and the le-
gislation of Congress is more destructive to com-
merce than all the pirates that ever swept the ocean !
(By the way, that is the only community of mod-
ern times who have ever carried into effect the gen-
tleman's doctrines of free trade.)
These are his principles; and they appear to me
to carry with them their own refutation. If they
needed an answer, they have had one in full from
the gentleman who preceded me. I am thankful,
sir, that such principles have not as yet given birlh
to any measure: what they may do in future, re-
mains to be seen. There is a bird of the desert
which deposites its egg in the sands, and leaves it
there, to quicken, or addle, as the action of the ele-
ments may determine; and it is so ot these princi-
ples. They are dropped in the public mmd; and,
should it ever warm them into life, they will break
their shell, and we will then see the strange, for-
eign, anti-Amenean prodigy which shall stalk
forth. At present, I content myself with having
stated the. principles in their baldness, without fol-
lowing the argument.
The resolutions of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Evans,] amendatory of those above alluded
to, are likewise the assertion of general principles
only. In those principles, generally, I heartily con-
cur. But the third, I apprehend, is exceptionable.
This resolution, in substance, is: That, while Con-
gress does not intend to adopt any measure for the
payment of the debts of the States, yet, "in view of
the disastrous consequences to the national charac-
ter and credit," &c., it "declares that the debts of
u
the several States; created by legislative authority
thereof respectively, are obligatory and binding,"
&c.; and that it is "the duty of the people of said
States" to resort to the most efficient means to pay
them, &c.
As an individual, 1 have no doubt of the truth
of the above propositions; but, as a member of this
body, I pi efer substituting my amendment. Iam
not one of those who see a constitutional sciuple
behind every bush; but still I would prefer keep-
ing within the line of acknowledged right: more
particularly where, as in this case, there is no pos-
sible inducement to go out of it.
I did not understand the gentleman's resolutions
as holding out the idea, either directly or indirectly,
of the assumption of State debts, as has been inti-
mated from the other side of this chamber. The
first sentence of the resolution is an express nega-
tion of it.
My amendment was with a view—
1. To get rid of that part of the resolution by
which we assume to declare what contracts are, or
are not, binding upon the States. And—
2. To incorporate into these resolutions some-
thing vindicatory of the faith and credit of the
Federal Government.
By what authority is it that we have the right to
declare, in our legislative character, what obliga-
tions between States and strangers are binding''
Who and what has constituted us the judgel Is it
one of the powers expressly granted, or an inci-
dent to any such powerl We may talk about our-
selves, and say what we will, and what we will not
do. But we ought never to say—or, in the lan-
guage of the resolution, to declare—what others
are bound to do, unless we have the clear right to
make such declaration.
.The position assumed was, that we had the right,
because the delinquencies of the States were affect-
ing our national character; and, therefore, the ex-
pression of opinion was justified. But surely the
Federal Government has no powers originating in
any such uncertain, doubtful source. Who is to
settle what does and what does not affect our na-
tional character, as preliminary to the exercise of
this right1? Or how much must that character be
affected1? How hard must be the blow which
knocks this latent right, like hidden fire, from the
flint'? Will !he failure of a merchant or a bank do
it1? These affect our credit, it is said, "pro tanto."
But is it the right or duty of this Government lo
declare the law of the contract between the mer-
chant or bank and its creditor1? It is obvious that
no power can originate in such a source. But the
right was claimed on another ground. It was said
that we are Ihe creditor of some of the States,
and therefore have a creditoi's right to talk; that
the Secretary of the Treasury has, no doubt, told
these delinquent States the same thing.
I submit to the candor of gentlemen, whether
this resolution is based, or purporls to be based,
upon any such ground It "declares that the debts
ot the several States" are binding. What debts,
and what States'? Not that one whose bonds we
happen to hold, but all. But why is it, on the face
of this resolution, that we assume to express this
opinion? Not because we are crediiors;'but, in the
language of the resolution, "in view of the disas-
trous consequences to ihe national character and
credit." The expression of an opinion by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is a very different thing
from a declaration of the law of the contract by the
American Senate, When it speaks, it ought to be
"as one having authority;" and, if without author-
ity, I submit that it had better be silent.
Aside from our doubtful ri^ht to declare the law,
it strikes me as impolitic. I do desire to keep the
credit and faith of the Federal Government distinct
from the States; and so I presume do other gentle-
men. Yet this mixing up of our national charac-
ter and the State debts, and our declaratory opin-
ions about legal rights and moral duties, all in one
resolution, is kneading too much in the same
trough. Its effect is to leaven, to a greater extent,
our national credit with unmerited distrust.
I have heard a great deal said here and else-
where of the loss of our national credit—in these
resolutions; in the reports upon our tables; even in
Executive messages—everywhere, indeed. Yet it
appears not to have entered the head of anybody to
vindicate the faith of the nation. Even while de-
nying our legal obligation to answer for the debts
of the States, our whole tone has been such as to con-
vey the idea that we felt ourselves morally involved
in their delinquency. This I deny; and, in sup-
port of that part of my amendment, desire to say
a few words—not in thatspirit of national whining,
which has become so common, nor yet in the spirit
of railing, but as an appeal to the justice and liber-
ality of the world. . .
Let us open the records of national faith, and see
by what right it is that we are vilified by others—
by what right it is that Great Britain assumes to
act as "custos morum" for the nations of the earth.
One of the earliest evidences of British ability
in finance was in the reign of Charles II. The
supplies were exhausted, and his Majesty needed
money. Clifford was dignified with a peerage and
the tieasurer's staff, for the following notable sug-
gestion (got from Shaftesbury.) He advised that
they seize upon the funds which had been paid in-
to the exchequer by bankers upon the faith of Gov-
ernment. It was done at once—the exchequer was
shut up—none had warning; the ruin of many fol-
lowed; bankers stopped payment; merchants could
answer no bills; distrust took place everywhere.
This is the language of her own historian, who de-
nounces the act as "an open violation of the most
solemn engagements, foreign and domestic."
The first item in the public debt of Great Brit-
ain is the consummation of this outrage.
The amount due from Government, and which
it had had in gold and silver, was £1,328,526.
The payment of this sum was stopped for twen-
ty-five years. In ihe mean time hundreds had died
in penury and want; and then Government, instead
of paying them seventeen millions of dollars which
were due for principal and interest, forced the
creditors, by act of Parliament, to accept of one-
half of the principal only—less than three millions
of dollars—or nothing; and for this, the issued bills
bearing an interest of three per cent, only, instead
of eight, the usual rate when they got the money.
This sum now constitutes the very first item in
the public debt of Great Britain. It is the basis
upon which the whole of that immense pile rests,
stained as it is with national perfidy and oppres-
sion.
Again, in 1811, we have another and more
modern instance of Britain's boasted financial
faith. The notes of the Bank of England having
become depreciated by their immense issues and
loans to Government, the obligation was cancelled
in this way. Having first relieved the bank from
paying specie, they next resolve that these bills
are worth their face in specie, (and this at a time
when they were notoriously at a discount of at least
ten per cent.,) and then made them a legal tender.
But lest even this would not satisfy the public
thatninety poundswere equal to one hundred, they
went further, and made it a highly penal offence—
a misdemeanor—for any one to either receive or
pay them away at less than their face. Notwith-
standing this, they continued to depreciate until
they reached a discount of twenty, thirty, and forty
per cent.; and Government then paid off its public
creditors, "nolens volens," m this depreciated pa-
per, and nothing else. The effect of this glorious
operation in finance may be seen and appreciated
by reference to Mushet's tables.
But, whatever may be the peculiar notions of
Great Britain upon the subject of financial faith,
as indicated by the above, at least she claims never
to have denied her obligations. If she defrauded
her creditors, it was always "pursuant to the act
in that case made and provided;" and her credit-
ors have the consolation of knowing that she has
never denied their debts ! Oh, no.
Of repudiation she has a holy horror. With
what an air of pious complacency are we branded
as a nation of swindlers and cheats; while they,
with upturned eyes, thank God they are not as
other men ! Yet,'unless ihe past be a fable, and his-
tory a lie; repudiation, even in its worst form, has
had its place there.
By an ordinance of the Long Parliament, all the
crown and church lands were seized upon for the
public use. They were disposed of at a season of
great pecuniary want, to raise money to carry on
the civil government and pay her armies. They
passed into the hands of honest purchasers, who,
relying upon public faith, paid therefor a full
price, and Government received their moneys.
Yet, notwithstanding all this, a few years after,
Parliament, by public enactment, again seized upon
these lands, and handed them back to the church
and the crown. Thousands were beggared by the
act. Government was at least bound, by every
principle of law and justice, to make good the
damages. It was a debt of the most sacred charac-
