fSefc ;1849i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
m
37<th Coks.."3b Sess.
Commercial inter course with China—Mr. Gordon.
H. of Reps.
AS'fet-back as 1840, he did not doubt bat that his
colleague wsuld repent of the exertions he then
was making—and why"! Because he foresaw that
the Whig party would fall to pieces by its own
want of any cohesive principle, and by that lust-
ful kinging after office and the spoils which the
patronage of a kingdom could not have satiated.
lit attempting to describe the party which the
Pjesident Would create for himself, by the influ-
eri(S§ «jf executive patronage, his colleague had
welt delineated the party to which he himself be-
longed', and which never could have been so truly
represented had not his colleague been familiar
wfth • the materials of which it was composed.
What were'they"? The cheese-parings, the candle-
ends, the rag-tag and bob-tail of all the factions,
cliques, and parties, that ever existed. Such was
the' assemblage which met at Harrisburg in the
month'' of December, 1839. So sensible were the
mSrnbers of that assemblage of the fact that radi-
cal differences existed among themselves, that they
did not even dare to talk to each other about any
common principle upon which they could enter the
presidential contest. They, therefore, suspended
the consideration of all such subjects; besought
the "generous confidence" of the public; put their
owa favorite instrument, the gag, into the mouth of
their candidate; and surrounded him with a com-
mittee to speak for him! All this was done from
th#knowledge that they held no one principle in
common with each other, and from the fear that the
adoption of a broad and general class of princi-
ples might disturb some of the "candle-ends." Fit
representatives of the party to which his colleague
belonged, and under whose victorious banners he
fought the battle of 1840! Once, indeed, his col-
league did belong to the Democratic party. It
was long prior to the year 1837. But that evil spirit,
called "ambition," whispered in his ear; and he,
charmed by its witchery, immediately performed
what js called a somerset. It was so far back
as 1826, when his colleague went over to the oppo-
sition, and was elevated to Congress by the Feder-
alists, aided by a portion of the Republican party
which he had led astray. What followed"? How
did his colleague serve his new friends and allies
who elected him"? By coming to Congress in
18S7; and, after taking the oath of office, advocating,
with signal zeal, all the Democratic measures of
the session—thus coldly turning his back upon the
men, and scornfully trampling under foot the meas-
ures of the party who elected him.
The Chairman here called to order.
Mr. Gordon said he was not impugning the mo-
tives of his colleague, by any means. Far from it.
He was only statin^/aets. [Laughter.]_ And he
believed that, according to the decision ,of the chair-
man, [Mr. Winthkop,] money bills, when under
consideration in Committee of the Whole, opened
the door to ail sorts of debate. [Laughter.] But,
to return to the facts he had been stating. His col-
league left the Democratic pai ty. There was no
doubt of that. It was, therefore, for his colleague
to explain the motives which actuated him in so
doing, when he became the candidate of an irregu-
lar party, after having been from his youth a
stickler for regular nominations.
. [Here Mr. J. C. Clark rose, and desired to ask
a question.]
Mr. Gordon said be mu<t decline yielding the
floor. Under the rule which his colleague's friends
had adopted, his time was short; and he therefore
wished it to be understood that, when he was ad-
dressing the Chair, he desired to occupy ihe floor
exclusively. His colleague was elected to Con-
gress by the Democratic party in 1836, (ten years
after his irregubr election;) and twice since had
been elected by the Federalists of the Chenango
district.
Mr. Clark (from his seat) asked if he did not,
after his election in 1836 by the Democratic party,
go intoa minority of one thousand, and work up"?
Mr. Gordon remarked that he had not supposed
the minority was so small; but if it was, then so
much the worse for his colleague; for it showed
that he had broken down the party whose cause he
espoused, and into whose confidence and good
graces he had managed to initiate himself. The
party had much trouble on his account, all owing
to the great degree of confidence which was re-
posed in him, and enabled hsm, by a bad use of it,
to deceive so many faithful followers. These hon-
est Democrats (to their credit be it said) followed
him but a short time. They soon obeyed their nat-
ural instincts, quit their deceiver, and returned to
their first love—where every other Democrat would
return, if God should only spare his life to take a
"sober second thought." His colleague, it seemed,
got back to the Democratic party after his apostacy
in 1826; and howl By entering it under the Jack-
son banner, which he was among the first to unfurl.
Yes; his colleague basked in the light, and tri-
umped in the victory, of that hero and statesman—
his constituents pardoning him of former transgres-
sions in consideration of his years, and of the natu-
ral proneness of youth to indiscretion. Foreseeing,
with eagle-eyed sagacity, the rising popularity of
the man who had filled the measure of his coun-
try's glory, his colleague lost no time in becoming
the champion of General Jackson, and soon, by
his zeal and services, excelled the strongest Dem-
ocrat in all the country. This, though it gave him
grace and favor with his old friends, did not restore
him to full confidence and communion with them.
Long did he sit upon the stool of repentance in
sackcloth and ashes, mourning over his transgres-
sions, and appearing meek as possible before the
people, To crown the long catalogue of his pro-
fessions of faith in the Democratic creed, prepara-
tory to his full restoration to public confidence, he
was the author of a sej of resolutions which were
adopted afcthe Norwich convention, held in Feb-
ruary 1835, and composed of delegates from the
several towns in Chenango county, and which reso-
lutions justified the removal of the deposites by Gen.
Jackson, denounced a Bank of the United States as
unconstitutional and inexpedient, asserted that gold
and silver were the only safe and proper currency,
and charged that a United Stales bank would be dan-
gerous in corrupting members of Congress. These
resolutions were reported by his colleague, as chair-
man of the committee, and unanimously adopted
by the convention. His agency in getting them
up, and having them passed, secured his appoint-
ment to the Stale convention held the following
year to select electors for President and Vice Pres-
ident, and also his nomination and consequent
election to Congress by the Democratic party in the
fall of 1836.
What respect could be paid to the views of men
who denounced a bank of the United States as un-
constitutional, inexpedient, politically dangerous,
and corrupting to members of Congress; and then,
after all this, turned around, and borrowed of it
about $4,000 in 1837, and $6,000 more in ] 8-40,
making in all the round sum of .510,000—'"a fair
business transaction"—never to be paid but by
the sponging process of the bankrupt law; and
then, with utter shamelessness, voted for the
creation of Ihe very institution they before
denounced1? What weight should be given to
the opinions of men who voted for the bankrupt
law, and then became voluntary applicants for its
benefits'? What effect could the denunciation of
an apostate have against apostacy'? It was like the
pot calling the kettle black. With what face, then,
could a man who had been refused an office (say,
that of consul to Liverpool) pretend to stand up on
this floor, and accuse a man who defeated his ap-
pointment of corrupt selfishness for clinging to
office1?
At the extra session of 1341, his colleague voted
for the bankrupt law, and is now a voluntary appli-
cant for the benefit of the act—his inventory show-
ing, (as Mr. G. was informed,) among other things,
an indebtedness to the Bank oi the United States of
some ten thousand dollars, for money loaned in
1837. During the 27th Congress, he voted for the
two bills incorporating a bank of the United States,
which were vetoed by President Tyler; and for
which vetoes he now was in the habit of denouncing
the Executive in the most bitter and scathing terms.
Of the Norwich convention, in 1836, he was the
most active and leading member, and was the
prime mover and author of the resolutions embody-
ing the cardinal doctrines of the party, then and
now What his motives were, in taking the part he
did in that convention, he (Mr. G.) would leave to
his colleague to explain. It was not for him to say;
and, besides, it was unpatliamentary on that floor
to speak of the motives of honorable members.
This much, however, he would say: that the part
taken by his colleague at that convention secured
his nomination and election to Congress, and re-
united him to the "Democratic party. His col-
league then stood upon the same intimate footing
with the Democratic party which he had occupied
prior to his apostacy in 1826; and had he not again
forfeited and abused the confidence of the people,
it would have abided with him to his latest breath.
Confidence is a plant of slow growth. Once crush.--
ed, it withers and dies. It was not long belore his
colleague forfeited the respect and confidence he
had so studiously sought and won. He served
with the Democratic party until he came on to
Washington at the extra session of 1837, when he
joined the Conservative clique. Thenceforward,
he battled against the Democratic party. Like most
other apostates, he did not join the Federalists im-
mediately; but stopped at the Conservative^ half-
way house, and there refreshed himself, until that
slimly-patronized resting-place was razed to th< 
ground, when he went smack over to the embraces
of the Federal party. There he now is 1 There,
he (Mr. G.) trusted, he would ever remain! There
he must remain, if he depended upon the Democ-
racy of old Chenango to rescue him! He (Mr. G.)
did not undertake to impeach the motives of his
colleague; he merely stated facts, which his col-
league might answer if he saw fit. He 'could not
refrain from saying what he had, when be saw his
colleague, in the speech of to-day, sneering at the
Democratic party, casting reproaches upon them,
calling one of their Governors the "hero of clam-
bakes," and denouncing the party generally as loeo-
focos and disorganizes. It had been well remark-
ed that the Devil could quote Scripture, and preach
a good sermon, when it suited .his purpose. • Now,
he thought his colleague was not a very fit person
to read a lecture to the present Administration on
the subject of apostacy, and to deal out denuncia-
tions, right and left, upon it, and upon the Demo-
cratic party. Such lectures came with ill grace
indeed from such an author! His colleague should
first pluck out the big, glaring beam in his own
eye, before he undertook to scan and criticise the
motes in other people's eyes.
Now, he would ask, what was the principal
ground of his colleague's complaint"?—what the
source of all his grief, and wailing, and latnentatioii
over the untimely fate of his fallen party"? Was it
that he mourned ihe sacrifice of any principle—any-
exalted motive of action, that bound his party to-
gether"? Not at all. His colleague did not once
allude to the principles of his party. His grief
was of a different complexion. It was the loss of
the spoils—the loss of power and influence—the. im-
possibility of obtaining patronage and place'—that
his colleague lamented. Yes, it was the loss of all
for which his colleague's party had been contend-
ing—the sad wreck of all their hopes! His col-
league had spoken of the love of office, and the
treachery of men in high places; but said nothing
of the principles of his party, nor uttered one regret
at the failure of their measures. When Francis
the First, at the battle of Pavia, was defeated, and
his army cut to pieces, he wrote his mother word
that he "had lost all, save honor" So it was with
the Democratic party after the contest of 1840.
They lost all but their principles. They rallied
under the flag of their undying principles; and,
without the aid of patronage and place, and the
spoils, achieved the most glorious victories through-
out the Union. How different was the case with
the party of which his colleague was now a mem-
ber! When the patronage and power of the Ex-
ecutive was wrenched from them, and by the man.
they had themselves elevated, their all was gone f
They could not say, like Francis the First, "we
have lost all, save honor." They could not say,
like the Democratic party, "we have lost all, save
principle." Their only note was a cross, crabbed,
muttering cry, like that uttered here to-day by his
colleague over the loss of the spoils. Deprived of
these, thev were as outcasts at sea, without anchor
and without compass. The Democratic party, on
the contrary, shorn of the trappings of office, be-
came more powerful than before; and, like the
giant Antffius, gathered new strength from their
fall.
Although about to retire from public life, he
cherished as ardent a desire for the success of the
Democratic party as ever. He could never consent
that his ardor should be dampened, and his zeal
quenched, by the fact that he was soon to go out of
Congress; but, in or out of Congress, in public or
in private life, his hopes and his exertions must
ever be the same.
As to the issues between his colleague and the-
present Administration, he considered all that a
mere family quarrel. The Whig party, and the
body of the supporters of the Administration, might
be disunited now; but the time, he predicted; would
come when they would be allied again, and pur-
suing the same objects. They would be united,
