Feb. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong---*Sd Sjs.88.
Commercial intercourse with China—Mr. Gordon.
H. of Reps.
was not permitted to say a word on the subject;
and yet the modern doctrine -which they heard
there was, that the pockets of the people of that
State were to be reached for the repayment and
liquidation of those debts. Now, he -would appeal
to the chairman of this committee [Mr. Wjn-
throp] as a patriot, as a statesman, and as a high-
minded man from Massachusetts, who had studied
the fathers of the Constitution, whether this wild
scheme was ever dreamed of by those revered
framers of the charter of our liberties; and whether,
in the whole range of their deliberations, there was
the least perceptible leaning to such an enormous
powerwhich now found advocates in the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. W. C. John-
son,] and some others.
But perhaps he had said as much on the Fanueil
Hall speech and its tendencies, as the occasion
would justify; and he would turn for a moment to
the exchequer, which was but another emanation
of the same brain—the brain of one who had sa'd
that, if he understood anything, it was the subject
of finance; and that the bill ot the gentleman from
Massachusetts was not worth the parchment on
•which it was written, compared with the mighty
scheme of consolidation which he had prepared.
And what did the scheme of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] propose'! Why,
in the first place, that private individuals might
deposite $10,000,000 in the treasury of such ex-
chequer of the United States; thereby -withdrawing
$10,000,000 of specie, gold and silver, from the
currency of the country, and receiving, in return, .
ten millions of certificates, which would become its
circulation. But further, it provided that the
Government creditors—the .holders of its bonds
and obligations or treasury notes—might receive
certificates for the amount of the debts due to them
by the United States, to a like amount of $10,000,-
000; thus making the issue of certificates equal to
820,000.000 if this latter provision be observed,
being but a modification of the former one; a re-
ceiviHg of the debt due to the public creditor, and
a returning of it to the treasury, and receiving, as
in the case of a private depositor, certificates (or
the sum deposited. Thus, then, they had $20,000,-
000 of specie drawn from the circulation of the
country, and paper certificates substituted. And
yet even this was not all; for the mints had an un-
limited power to receive foreign coin, and to issue
certificates lor the coin so received. But further
still; the exchequer boatd was to be authorized to
sell bills of exchange, also to an unlimited amount,
at a premium of not exceeding 2 per cent. And
for what purpose, he would ask, was all this to be
donel It was certainly not to add to the circula-
tion of the country; for every dollar of the great
amounts he had enumerated was taken from the
circulating medium, for which the paper certifi-
cates were to be substituted. They were thus to
take the gold and silver from circulation, and sup-
ply the place of it with paper, that this Govern-
ment might become the depository of the funds of
individuals to the amount of millions, for which
this Government would become responsible.
When the sub-treasury was under considera-
tion, a standing objection raised by the opposition
to it was, that it would hoard the specie of the
country in the vaults of the treasury, so far as
revenues of the Government went—which, as all
knew, were in a constant course of receipt and
payment. Now, by the exchequer, this objection
is doubled. It applies with double force to that
scheme; for it is not only proposed to hoard the
specie derived from customs and the public lands,
but also the coin owned by private individuals.
The specie in the United State\ is esti mated at from
eighty to one hundred millions, including that in
the vaults of the banks. This amount, too, goes on
increasing in proportion, and the banks go out of
existence. Nothing is clearer, better ascertained,
or more generally understood, than that coin dis-
appears in proportion as paper circulates, and re-
turns to form the circulating medium as soon as
paper is withdrawn from it. The process is sim-
ple. The banks issue their paper, for which they
receive coin. They then export this coin from the
country, to be sold as bullion—an article of mer-
chandise. When the banks are called on to le-
deem their notes, they suspend, and blow up—a
consequence not to be wondered at by those who
have viewed their operations. A return from pa-
per to specie circulation is attended with pressure,
and in many cases bankruptcy. It is the crisis in
monetary affairs, like the crisis in the sick man's
disease, from which dates the commencement of
returning health.
Such is substantially our present condition. Such
istheraaites operandi by which the circulation of
the country has been despoiled of its coin. Take,
for example, the State of Ohio. Its banks have ex-
pelled the gold and silver which would have natu-
rally flowed into it, and remained in the channels
of circulation. That great State is now left vastly
short of its share of the circulating medium of
the commercial world. It has been reduced vastly
below its value by the operation of a false banking
system. Currency is to be measured by its value,
and not by its quantity. A paper currency is worth
the amount of specie it rests on as a basis, and no
more. You cannot enhance the value of the cur-
rency by floods of paper, no matter how much be
issued, beyond what would be a due share of the
gold and silver of the trading nations; on the con-
trary, such a course would greatly depreciate and
reduce it. Like water, currency will find its own
level; and, but for banks and paper contrivances,
wouldequalize itself all over the civilized world, in
the ratio of the population and trade of each com-
mercial nation. Baaks, like dams in the river,
obstruct the influx of specie, prevent the flow of its
current, divert it from its natural channels, and
drive it from the circulation of countries where
they are permitted to exist, to other countries where
they are not. There cannot be a doubt but that
the paper system of the United States has depre-
ciated the standard of value belonging to gold and
silver coin in all parts of the world, as well as
here at home; at the same time that it has not, to the
same extent, increased the circulating medium, by
superadding to the geneial amount in as great a
degree as it forced the gold and silver coin of this
into other countries. The effect has been the same
as if an equal amount of gold and silver had been
suddenly dug up from the bowels of the earth,
coined, and placed in the channels of circulation;
thereby swelling I he streams above their banks,
and overflowing the land. To his mind, nothing
could be more palpable than the truth of these posi-
tions.
Great indeed are the advantages which the mer-
chants and traders of a specie country have, in their
commereial intercourse, over those of a country
whose currency is paper! Let those advantages be
rightly understood, and the baseless paper policy
must go down forever to the tomb of the Capulets.
The specie country sells to the papei country by the
paper measure, which is marked too high. The
latter, deceived as to the capacity of its own meas-
ure, buys less than it pays for, and supposed it was
contracting to receive. The people of the specie
country sell at paper prices, and receive their pay
in specie. This specie—although, by the operation
of the paper system, depreciated in the country
where that system is carried out—when trans-
ferred to a country where specie dealings are uni-
versal, rises to its true level, as fixed and es'i-
mated by the opinion of the world. It is thus that
the people of specie countries find it to be their in-
terest to exchange their products for our gold and
silver, and keep up an artificial drain upon us.
Of course, the whole operation is to our prejudice,
and for the benefit of foreigners—leaving a con-
tinual balance of trade against us.
As to the exchequer, he would not say it would
operate in the same manner as the banks, should
it ever remain unchanged, unmodifhd, and un-
amended, and perform its functions as claimed by
its friends. But would it always remain in its
present form] And even if it could be permitted
so t< remain, what euaranty had the people that it
would perform all its functions in the same admi
rable manner claimed for it by its friends'! He
de> paired of seeing these objects attained. He
could but regard it as the entering wedge to the
final admission of the power and universal preva-
lence of bank paper in the busines-s of the country,
throughout all its ramifications. He could not con-
sent so to shape the action of the Government as
to dictate a paper policy to all the business trans-
actions of thf people, and thereby direct their fate
and destiny. This view of the question was itself
an objection to one and all of the exchequer schemes
which had been proposed; for it seemed the friends
of an exchequer could not all agree about the ex-
chequer which ought to he adopted by Congress.
How, he asked, was the proposed exchequer in-
tended to operate'? Not to collect and export spe-
cie,—as the banks always have, and ever will find it
to their interest to do, although the' country be
brought to insolvency by the operation. It professed
to collect, and hoard in its own vaults, all the spe-
cie of the United States; and to circulate, in place of
this specie, an equal amount of paper certificates.
How would the country gain by the operation1?
Nothing would be added to the currency; nothiiJg
contributed to public or private enterprise; no stim-
ulus given to business; nothing gained by anybody,
or by any branch of industry, except themereavoid-
ance of the expense of transmitting^pecie from place
to place—an advantage more than counterpoised by
the loss of confidence which the precious metals
must, and ever will, command over every descrip-
tion of paper, no matter how well secured. As to
the superior cheapness of the exchequer in trans-
mitting funds, such a thing could not be well estab-
lished. The exchequer must charge as much as
the cost of transportation and insurance of specie.
There could be no difference in the price charged
by the exchequer, and that by private individuals
and dealers in money and exchanges. If the ex-
chequer should charge more, it would, of course, be
underbid by brokers, and pattonized by no one. If
it should charge less, it would, of course, have more
business than it could accomplish, and would be-
come a heavy charge upon the Government.
The effect of hoarding the specie of the country
in the vaults of the exchequer, would be to incite
and encourage embezzlement. It would, he thought,
be putting too much money under the control of
Government officers, and subjecting them to too
strong temptations. It would be rendering them
liable to the same temptations to which b'ank offi-
cers in this country had offered so little resistance.
In spite of bonds, and penalties, and oaths, em-
bezzlement would be committed, and the United
States Government saddled with the responsibility
of making good vast amounts of private funds
received by it in its capacity of dealer in ex-
changes. Who were to have the keeping of these
public and private depoMtes, mixed together to the
amount of all the specie in the United States, and
coequal with the cuirency of a great commercial
peoplel This pregnant question was answered by
the previsions of the plan itself. Let gentlemen
turn to the three first sections, and they would
find there a new and unnecessary class of public
officers to manage private funds—all to be ap-
pointed by the Executive, and increasing the al-
ready too much extended influence of the Execu-
tive. Yes; a large class of men are to be paid ex-
orbitant salaries out of the public treasury, for
managing the transmission of private funds! The
plan is to go into operation with one commissioner,
one principal clerk, ten assistants, eleven registers,
and their twenty clerks at the board in Washing*
ton, and their agencies in the States where the
money is to be kept. All this force is to be added
to the regular force of the Treasury Department.
And this is only the beginning of the scheme!
Where it would end, if adopted, the Lord only
knows.
The amount of specie brought into the exche-
quer would be equal to the amount of the currency
of the country, should the system work as its friends
claim that it will; its object being to furnish a pa-
per currency of equal value through the country.
Its design is to supply the place of a United States
bank, since that institution has become an "obso-
lete idea.1' It is intended to fill with its certificates
and drafts, that space which was once filled by the
notes, drafts, and credits of the United States Bank.
Such is the amount proposed to be intrusted to
the hands of officers of the United States on pri-
vate account, and the Government itself responsi-
ble! And for what object and end1! In order that
the specie of the country may be drawn from cir-
culation paper promises to pay and certificates are to
be issued to fill the vacuum; and thepeoplefamiliar-
ized to the use of paper, until they regard it as cash
of intrinsic value—thereby paving the way for the
triumph of paper-money schemes and the ascend-
ency of the moneyed aristocracy. The history
of this class, in our own as well as in other coun-
tries, proves that they will never rest satisfied until
they shall have gained a control over all the wealth,
labor, and hard earnings of the producing classes.
They will not be contented until they have revived
the credit system, which but recently exploded, and
left the people in thp lowest depths of indebtedness
and distress. Let the country, he besought, be
delivered from the curse ofthese schemes, and from
the fatuity and recklessness of the party which
came into power in 1840 by the most unpar-
