ii6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1*4$.
27i^.jpbjl4. .3D SESS.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
alleled and disgraceful means ever resorted to
in the long annals of political corruption! Every
patriot might well look with apprehension and
alarm upon the blot which he feared was beginning
to appear imon the hitherto fair escutcheon of our
country. He had still some hope that the eyes of
the blind dupes would be opened to the wiles of the
schemers'who were making them instrumental in
subjugating the masses to the idle and listless mil-
lionaires, who contrive to grow richer and richer
day by day, from the toil and sweat of other men's
brows. Let the people drink deeply at the well-
springs of knowledge. Let them qualify them-
selves to govern with wisdom and moderation.
Let them learn (and they must learn it sooner or
later) to "let well enough alone," and cease tinker-
ing the immutably laws of commerce and cur-
rency—laws whicn are founded upon the nature of
rii'an3 and are as little capable of being altered by
human legislation as the laws of matter. Let them
profit by the bitter experience they have learned,
and henceforth know that it would be as impossible
for Government to discover the philosopher's stone,
or invent a machine of perpetual motion, as to
convert paper into gold and silve'r, or make "prom-
ises to pay" equivalent in all respects to solid coin.
Never has man, with all his ingenuity, with all his
talent at invention, with all his wonderful discov-
eries in science and in art, been able to counter-
feit the precious metals, and elude speedy detection.
The precious metals have an intrinsic value, apart
from their value as a circulating medium. Paper
is, at best, but a representative of value, and which
may prove to be as baseless and visionary as the
Bian in the moon. A statesman should as soon
think of catching the will-o'-the-wisp of the marsh,
or the evanescent colors of the gorgeous rainbow,
as of attempting to make anything else answer the
exact purposes of gold and silver.
The earth teems with wealth, and Heaven has
decreed that it shall only be realized by labor.
Let Government confine itself within its proper
sphere of protecting and securing the fruits of hon-
est labor to each and every man in the community,
drawing the line between meum and tuum, and pun-
ishing all invasions on private right. Let it do
this, and it will have discharged all its domestic du-
ties to the people. Further interference in their
private affairs would be more like usurpation and
oppression, than any pretended protection.
The present has been emphatically a Congress
of scheming experiments. There have been pro-
posed, as sine qua nons, the two bank bills which
were vetoed by the President, differing from each
other and every other; the exchequer of the Treas-
ury Department, and the exchequer of the select
committee, [Mr. Cushino's;] the bill of Governor
Pope, which is the scheme of a great bank based
on the public lands; the bill of Mr. Everett of
Vermont; the bill of Mr. Barnard; and last, though
not least, the two hundred million scheme of Gov-
ernment stock, which is the joint oflspring of the
Barings in England, the Secretary of State, and an
honorable member of Congress from Maryland.
All these bubbles have appeared and disappeared
in rapid succession, and, lilte the baseless fabric of
a vision, have left nothing behind. They and their
fate reminded him of the ill-starred extra session
of 1841—every measure of which had been re-
pealed by the same Congress, and nothing of which
now remained on the statute books, except the
mere appropriation bills. Discordant in princi-
ple, crudely conceived, impracticable of adoption,
and wanting the confidence and respect of even a
majority of the party whence they emanated, they
are the lruits of all the labors of the majoiities
here and in the Senate during the three sessions of
the 27th Congress; and most truly do they reflect
the composition of the 'candle-ends, cheese-parings,
rag-tag-and-bobtail" party, which came into power
by the eruption of 1840, and which was so graphi-
cally described by the distinguished gentleman of
that party, [Mr. J. C. Clark,] who but a short time
since addressed the committee. As it was the first,
so, it was to be hoped, it would be the last Whig
Congress ever convened here! The present gen-
eration must pass away before the same fantastic
tricks can be again played off with success. The
people, who were told that a "change" would be no
worse for them, and who heeded the insidious ad-
vice, will not soon again turn a listening ear to their
deceivers. They have learned with sorrow their
great mistake, and will not permit themselves to be
duped a second time. In tracing the history of this
party, (the like of which never existed,) the faithful
chronicler will date its origin from the modern
credit system, which immediately preceded it, and
which poisoned and corrupted the public morals by
its gambling, reckless, unregulated spirit.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUFFlE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In Senate, February 20, 1843.—The following
resolutions submitted by Mr. McDuffie coming
up in order, viz*
Resolved, That the Government of the United States has no
constitutional power to assume the debts contracted by the
States for their own proper purposes, by the issue of stock,
whatevei fund may be pledged for the payment of the interest
or principal.
Resolved, That it is inexpedient for this Government thus to
assume the aforesaid debts.
Mr. McDUFFlE said it was not his design,
when he presented these resolutions, to have offered
a single remark, with the purpose of enforcing the
doctrines they declare. But, as he perceived that
the Senate was not yet full, he would avail himself
of the occasion to submit one or two views to its con-
sideration. And, in the first place, he asked, had
Congress the constitutional power to carry into
execution the scheme to which these resolutions
relate'! This was the first and most important
question; and, in regard to that question, he con-
fessed the very great surprise with which he heard
the Senator from Kentucky over the way, [Mr
Crittenden,] when particularly interrogated as to
his opinion of the question of constitutional power,
declare, that though he disclaimed all obligation on
the part of Congress to pay the debts of the States,
and could not now conceive of an emergency
which would justify their assumption, yet he must
say that Congress was not prohibited, from such
an exercise of power. Mr. McDuffie said he
was the more surprised at such a remark as com-
ing from the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
who, he was sure, was politically educated under
those sound constitutional doctrines from the pen
of Mr. Jefferson, which were promulgated by Ken-
tucky in 1800. Mr. McD. asked the Senator if
those great doctrines were to be reversed, and if,
instead of looking to the express grants of the Con-
stitution for the powers of Congress, we were to
assume all those which were not expressly pro-
hibited.
[Mr. Chittenden asked leave to explain the re-
marks alluded to. What he meant to say was, (as
.the whole tenor of his remarks would show,) that
he was unwilling to to express an opinion at that
time as to the power of Congress. He did not in-
tend to say that Congress could exercise any
powers, except such as were expressly granted, or
which were implied as necessary to carry express
grants of power into effect.]
Mr. McDdffie said he was glad to hear the ex-
planation of the Senator from Kentucky. He en-
tirely concurred in the principles of construction
he now laid down, and was sure they must con-
demn the assumption of power now under con-
sideration. But he would proceed to show (as he
flattered himself he could do, most conclusively)
that not only was there no grant in the Constitution
giving the least color of right to exercise this pow
er; but that the only grant in the Constitution, hav
ing relation to the subject, contained an express
prohibition against such an exercise of power, as
plain and positive as human language could make it.
Now, what, he asked, was proposed to be done1? and
what were the powers practically involved in the
scheme of assuming the State debts'? He begged
Senators to realize the true effect and character of
the measure, and not to be deluded by a mere empty
form. The stock proposed to be issued, it was
true, was to be sustained, in part, by a pledge of
the income derived from the public lands; but it
would be a gross delusion to suppose that the whole
credit and resources of the Government were not
also as fully pledged for the redemption of the
proposed stock, as if no particular fund were
pledged. The very act of assumption extinguished
the State debts, and created a Federal debt to the
same extent. Now, what were the powers involved
in doing all this'! He answered, the whole money
power of the Government—borrowing money,
levying taxes, and appropriating the revenue de-
rived from these sources. Yes, sir, the whole of
this greatest of all thepovvers of Congress was to be
called in requisition to execute the proposed scheme
and, he would add, no other power whatever.
And he would now ask, if there was not, in refer-
ence to the exercise of this power, a limitation as
clear and distinct as language could make it,
amounting to an express prohibition of the pro-
posed assumption1? The clause of the Constitu-
tion which clothes Congress with the power of
raising revenue, expressly limits this power to the
objects of ' 'providing for the common defence and
general welfare of the United, States." Now it'is
remarkable that these words of limitation which
have been made the prolific source of all doubtful
andconstructivepowers, should thus place adecided
negative upon this most monstrous of all the
assumptions of Federal power ever attempted.
For, if the payment of debs contracted by the
separate States, for their ownproper purposes, can'be
drawn by construction within the scope of the
terms "common defence and general welfare
of the United. States," language m ust have totally
changed its meaning, and we had as well throw
aside the Constitution at once, as worse than use-
less. As it thus appeared to him strikingly clear
that the powers involved in the execution of the
proposed scheme were positively prohibited by an
express limitation,he would not further occupy the
time of the Senate in attempting to make that plain-
er, which is as plain as language can make ;it.
We are thus (said Mr. McD.) arrested at the very
threshold; and all those who concur with in
the opinion that the measure in question is plainly
and expressly unconstitutional, must also agr^e
that any law of Congress, in execution of it, and
every act done under such law, would be now and
forever destitute of all binding obligation, and, to
all intents and purposes, null and void. It would
be utterly impossible to pledge the faith of this
Government to any contract thus made, without
any shadow of authority, and in open defiance of
the express words of the Constitution.
But suppose (said he) that, by some strained con-
struction, we cou'd get rid of this express limita-
tion, and also of the no less conclusive objection
that there is no grant of such a power in the Consti-
tution: yet, when we come to look into the practi-
cal working of the proposed assumption, it will be
seen so totally to invert all the principles of the
Government, and destroy the responsibility ^hich
sustains and controls our whole political system,
State and Federal, as to render its unconstitutional-
ity palpable, independently of the want of an ex-
press grant, and the existence of an express limita-
tion. The result of the proposed scheme was to
make this Government tax-gatherer for the States;
and to give the funds, thus collected, to the Govern-
ments of the respective States, to be expended by
them at pleasure, either in payment of their debts,
or in executing new and extravagant schemes of
internal improvement. I beg the aitention of the
Senate (said Mr. McD.) to this view of the subject,
as it clearly shows that the State Governments will
have the expenditure of this immense fund, without
any responsibility to those who will have to pay the
taxes—the people of the United States. Thus, sir,
the State Governments are to be wholly exempted
from the essential check of responsibility in a mat-
ter which most of all demands it—the discretion-
ary expenditure of public money on works of in-
ternal improvement. Greater temptations and
greater facilities could not be offered for a corrupt
system of favoritism and extravagance!
And, (said Mr. McD.,) if we will but look into
the circumstances under which the money obtained
for the State stocks we are called upon to as-
sume has been expended, and the extraordinary
popular delusion under which it was applied to the
construction of wild schemes of internal improve-
ment, we shall be impressively admonished of the
madness and folly of the proposed assumption. In
the course of a few years, two hundred millions of
foreign capital were brought into the country.
While this enormous amount of money was in the
progress of accumulation, it was like a shower of
gold poured out upon the States, totally deranging
the monetary affairs of the country; and the natural
effect of which was to enhance the price of every-
thing to the extreme point of inflation. And it may
not be inappropriate to remark here, that the im-
portation ot this immense amount of foreign capi-
tal contributed, not less than the expansion of our
bank circulation, to produce the revulsion and dis-
tresses under which we arc now suffering. Indeed,
it largely aided in producing that expansion. Du-
ring the period to which I have referred, (said he,)
a perfect delirium prevailed. Men acted as if they
were under the influence of a stimulating draught.
AH responsibility in the expenditure of this borrowed
money was destroyed; and it would be seen that the
