168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 184S.
27th Cong">"3d Sess.
Naval Appropriation Bill—Mr. J. L. White,
H. of Reps.
for the West, another set for the North, and yet
another for the South; and that, accommodating our
theories to the great variety of popular prejudices,
we sought success, regardless of the means employ-
ed; and, therefore, nothing was decided, by the peo-
ple. Another gentleman, [Mr. Pickens,] and one
whose ability and position demand for his remarks
more than an ordinary share of consideration, de-
clares that "never did a party succeed to power with
principles more corrupt and profligate;" thus conce-
• ding to us some principles, and according to them the
credit of uniformity and universality, although stig-
matized with the characteristics of profligacy and
corruption.
If gentlemen could agree among themselves, and
hold a uniformity of sentiment upon this point, a
reply might be nlore easily made to them. As it is,
however, being uninformed upon which allegation
in the complaint the "Democracy" intend to rely,
I shall not at this time traverse either. It is suffi-
cient that each contradicts the other; and but one
can be true.
If, in 1840, "Whig principles were not well defined
and well understood, now is the time to forestall any
future reproach for a similar condition of things, by
a clear, open, manly, and bold declaration of the
principles by each party, upon which the great battle
of 1844 shall be fought. No period can better than
the present be adapted to the settlement of prelimi-
naries and the "defining of positions."
While gentlemen have been so liberal in the be-
stowal of their animadversions upon Whig policy
and Whig principles, it seems to have escaped their
notice that there were two sides to the question;
and that, while making their crusade into the ene-
my's country, their own citadel might be exposed to
successful attack. Let us, in return for the civilities
of these gentlemen "Democrats," examine their po-
sition. Are they united or divided upon questions
of national policy? What are their principles1
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
who has just resumed his seat, had disclosed
to us the Democratic panacea for all the ills to which
the country has fallen heir—free trade. Is this
the cardinal principle of the Democratic party? Or
is there a diversity of sentiment upon it in that par-
ty? We have tho testimony of the gentleman to
whom I have alluded that this is not only the princi-
ple, but the great principle, of Democracy. Direct
taxation, the necessary result of this policy, the gen-
tleman scouts—not, as his speech would indicate, on
account of its impropriety as a political or national
measure; but because of the present inability of the
people to meet the exactions of such a system of
finance. That this is contemplated by him as an
ultimate resort, none who heard his speech can
doubt; although the evil day is to be postponed until
the public distress shall be relieved. There are
other gentlemen of his party, however, who, in their
enthusiasm for the establishment of this new heresy
of free trade, do not scruple to declare their readi-
ness now to resort to its necessary result—direct
taxation; and I here pause to pay tho tribute of my
admiration to them for the independence of their
theory, and the boldness with which they defend it.
However full, in my judgment, it may be of error,
the manliness with which it has been avowed, and
the majestic intellects which have been enlisted to
expound and enforce it, challenge a large degree of
respe It would have been more in keeping with
the independence of a South Carolina Representa-
tive, hdd the gentleman marched boldly up to the
support of his friends in their advocacy of this doc-
trine, instead of exhibiting, piecemeal, his concur-
rence with their views, while he feared an open
avowal. The position in which he left himself is
anything but enviable. Free trade was urged upon
us as the only remedy for existing evils; while direct
taxation, the only mode of raising revenue under his
system of financial policy, was rejected. How, when
all restrictions are removed from our commerce, and
we are deprived of imposts, we are to raise revenue
for the uses of the Government—direct taxation be-
ing out of the question—was left to our conjecture.
Sir, this scheme of political economy is only equalled
in-magnificence and sublimity of conception by that
of the Illinois Legislature; which sapient body re-
cently passed a joint resolution, in substance, decla-
ring that all tariffs were oppressive and unjust, and
that, in the present distressed state of the people,
direct taxation was not to be thought of. All of
which being interpreted is, that the Government
must be administered without revenue, and all its
officers serve without pay! But, sir, I repeat the
question: Is free trade the cardinal principle of
"DemocracyI ask an answer from the party on
this floor, for none better than they can answer.
Let there be no dodging—let gentlemen avow and
disavow. It is due to the country and themselves
that their "position should be defined." Since they
accuse us of contrariety in sentiment, and of holding
a set of promiscuous tenets, it is proper that they
should reveal to the country the concord of their
counsels, if there be any, and disclose their princi-
ples free from all obscurity. But why interrogate?
There is no piominent member of the party who
will risk his veracity upon a denial. During the
last session, one gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Riibtt] entertained us with an hour-long speech
upon the equality and justice of free trade, and de-
precated all tariffs as so many gross infringements
of the Constitution and the rights of the States;
which latter, in the estimation of a certain clique of
politicians, seem to be of higher and holier authority
than the first. A gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Lewis] expressed the same, or similar views, in that
lucid and forcible manner which has ever character-
ized his oratory; and I well remember the profound
attention which was paid to him, and the deep im-
pression which he made upon the House. Another
member from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens] has,
within a few days, proclaimed that "there is no har-
mony for the Democratic party, except upon the
broad principle of free trade." A gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Hcnter,] during the present Con-
gress, has, with a frankness which always distin-
guishes him, ably advocated the same doctrine. But
this principle of free trade is not local in its party
application. To whatever quarter of this Union it
may be indebted for its paternity, it is ubiquitous
with the "Democracy." It has its advocates at the
North as well as at the South; and from "Northern
men with Southern principles" I summon witnesses
to testify to its legitimacy as the offspring of "De-
mocracy."
One of the Representatives from the city of New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] has sought frequent occa-
sions to express his party preference for this system
of policy, and has advocated it with an untiring zeal
and industry. A colleague of his, too, from the
same city, whom, as it is unparliamentary to "call
names," I will designate as the young- gentleman
from New York, [Mr. McKkon,] has, in repeated
instances, come to the aid of the elder gentleman in
his advocacy of this free-trade policy; and I may add,
that no man upon this floor has stricken more good
blows for that policy, nor has any been more vocife-
rous in its commendation to the country as the
true universal Democratic faith, than the young
member from New York. One of the members of
the Pennsylvania delegation from the city of Phila-
delphia—the great man of the delegation, as well as
of the States, and a man of gigantic mind he is too,
[Mr. C. J. Ingmisoll,] and one who, if his course
as a Representative, and all his party speeches here
and elsewhere be summoned as witnesses, prove him
to be a genuine disciple of Democracy, the most
rank, radical, and unquestioned—has also joined in
the warfare against imposts and protection, and
thrown the weight of his great influence and intellect
into the scale of free trade. This, indeed, in his
remarks a few days ago, wtis offered as the specific,
and the only one, for the relief of individual and
public embarrassments. The catalogue does not stop
here. Another gentleman of the New York delegation,
[Mr. Davis,] at the past session, made us a speech,
from which it appeared that, while he sustained with-
out flinching all the avowed principles of his party,
there were some of the more ladical ones unavowed,
from which he was determined to strip the guise of
secrecy; and, with a master hand, he did it. His
revelation of democratic faith furnished us much
amusement; and a faith it proved to be more radical,
comprehensive, and latitudinous, more uomnium
gatherum'' in its character, more levelling and agra-
rian in its operation and results, than any ever
before offered by party leaders to the credulity of a
confiding people. And what was it? Free trade,
hard-money, no banks or bank paper, no credit,
direct taxation, the universal rights of man,
and no laws for the collection of debts. If the array
of authorities is not yet sufficient to identify the
principle of free trade with Democracy, I bring an-
other witness to the stand; to doubt the testimony
of whom would bring down upon the offender all the
rigors of the party inquisition. That witness is the
now prominent, distinguished, and recognised leader
of the Democratic party, John C. Calhoun—a man
for whom, and for whose integrity, public and pri-
vate, I entertain the highest respect; and, although
my opinion upon this point may be adverse to that
of the party of which I am one, there is nothing in
this subject or occasion that requires me to with-
hold its expression. Whatever may have been his
political vacillations, (and they are many,) in all I be-
lieve he has been actuated by what he conceived to
be the common interests of his countrymen—proudly
disregarding all those consequences to the popularity
of a statesman which ever flow from a change of po-
sition, no matter whether, by such change, error be
corrected or avoided. But let him speak upon this
policy of free trade and its generality. During the
past session, when the revenue bill was under con-
sideration in the Senate, Mr. Calhoun, in the course
of a speech which he made upon the bill, said;
"He had not spoken with a view to change a vote
here: he knew that an angel from heaven could not
affect the actions or opinions of those here. But he
confided in the strength and^ultimate triumph of
truth. We had formerly struggled against greater
odds. But now we see the "whole Democratic par'
ty rallied under the banner of free trade " Can
language be plainer, or a principle be more clearly
defined? And let it be remembered that we have
it from the highest possible authority, that to the
advocacy and support of this principle the "whole
Democratic party" have i allied. Sir, is anything
more needed to prove that free trade is the cardinal
principle of Democracy? The witnesses I have intro-
duced are those who rank not only high, but high-
est with their party for talent and integrity: their
will is the law, and their principles the principles of
the party. If their testimony i%not to be relied upon,
then is there no longer virtue among statesmen, and
truth has fled these halls to give place to dissembling
and deceit.
Now, sir, although I believe with Mr. Calhoun,
that "the whole Democratic party" are secretly in
favor of free trade, I know that Democratic members
from the North hold a different language when at
home among their constituents. One of the New
Yorkdemociatic State papers, the leading organ of
the party, during the gubernatorial contest in No-
\cmber last, called upon all tariff men of both parties
to glorify Silas Wiiight, because, by his vote in
the Senate of the United States, he had saved the
tariff bill—the same bill that the Legislature of
South Carolina has recently, by joint resolution, asked
us to repeal; and threatening us, if we do not, with
that fearful remedy—a "resort to her original rights."
The lead of this paper was followed by many of the
"distinguished Democracy" in their addresses to the
people as well as in their private communications
with their constituents. Yet these gentlemen here
are as gentle as cooing doves, and whisper softly in
the believing ears of their Southren brethren, "we
are for free trade."
Sir, it is time that the delusion were destroyed,
and the mask of hypocrisy stripped from such Janus-
faced politicians. They cannot have one set of
principles for the constituent bodies, and another set
for the eais of partisans leaders. I call upon North-
ern Democrats now to rise in their places and declare
whether they are for free trade. It is due to your-
selves—it is due to your stations—it is due to the
country—it is due to honor and fair dealing, that
you should precisely "define your positions.'' If
you are united in political sentiment, let it be so
understood. If you are divided past all hope of com-
promise or reconciliation, let us—let the country
know it, and decide upon the,merits of your contro-
versy. Why conceal your condition? What cause
for concealment? Do men or measures divide you?
Or are you not divided, and are your counsels har-
