-4?0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
®7*H COKO-'-'SD SRSS.
Naval Appropriation Bill—Mr. J. L. White.
tm.
H. of Reps.
Wry to-day, they get back again to-morrow in the
form of ail appropriation. This we could endure—
of this 'we would not complain; but the amount
paid by these States, in its return, comes not alone
as it went; it brings with it what the Western States
pay; the $500,000, paid by Indiana contributes to
swell the return tide, and that is in like manner ex-
panded upon the Atlantic coast.
For this reason I say that the Atlantic States, in
effect, pay nothing, The public revenue alternates
periodically between them and the treasury, per-
forming a reliable and almost constant circulation;
while the toiling, adventurous West is deprived of
all participation in the pecuniary benefits resulting
from the administration of the Government. It is
constitutional for us to pay everything-, unconsti-
tutional for us to receive anything. Constituting, as
our people do, nearly one-third of this Union, we have
been made pack-horscs to hear the load of the whole,
and have been kept on "short allowance" at that. The
inequality of the burdens imposed by a bad admin-
istration of national affairs upon the State of Indiana
has been, and is, tenfold greater than those of which
South Carolina ever complained; and yet I feel a
just pride in saying, such has always been her
attachment to our free institutions, in all her broad
-forests, her verdant prairies, and her populous
towns, that not one traitorous hand was ever found to
raise the standard of "nullification;" no demagogue
to attract a passing crowd, to gasconade about
"State sovereigntyno patriot orator to talk gran-
diloquently of a "resort to original rights." Thai,
State has thus far abided her time, and will continue
so to do.
The second principle of "Democracy" is hard
money; and this, with that of free trade, constitutes,
as far as I have been able to learn, the whole affirm-
ative creed of the party; the residue of it being a
more string of negatives. They arc opposed to a
United States bank—opposed to a State bank paper
—opposed to extravaganco in the national adminis-
tration—opposed, in short, to everything that is of
Whig origin—opposed to all but two political prin-
ciples, and these are free trade and hard money. If
they hold any other affirmative principle, ithas beon
my misfortune never to see or hear it published.
Hard money ! It is a very primitive idea for an
"improvement party," and one that, discarding all
the lessons of experience and all the conveniences of
modernized society, carries us back by historical
association to the pastoral nge for examples in
finance. A strange "progression" this, that with
one bound leaps back over all civilization, nnil
snatches from the darkest age of barbarism a light
to guide the financial policy of the American Re-
public! But how is this principle to alfect the
country, if established in practice by the restoration
of the "Democracy" to power? That the circula-
ting medium of the country, composed of a mixed
currency of bank paper and specie, is the repiesent-
ative of the value of the pioperly of the country, is
a fact conceded by till parties; and that, in propor-
tion to ttieincrease of the circulation, priccs rise, and
in proportion to the decrease prices fall; or, in other
words, if the standard of value decreases, everything
represented by it retrogrades in exact proportion.
Hence it is, that, in the years 1836 apd 1837, when
the circulation was inflated to double the present
amount, prices were double what they now are.
"I'hat inflation of circulation and consequent inflation
of prices was caused bv "Democratic, policy, which
gave to vis the State banks, and stimulated them to
extravagant emissions of paper; but, no sooner was
the object accomplished, than the popular prejudice
which was awakened by the appeals of demagogues
against the United States Bank; and, not sated by
its revels amid the ruins of the best currency ever
given to a nation, turned like a hungry tiger upon
these "little monsteis," and the. leaders of the party
were compelled to join in the attack, or be swept
from the political world by the fury of that spirit
which, for another purpose, they had invoked. Thev
did join in the attack, and these currency bant-
lings of theirs were denounced; theiir very fathers
at first cast imputations upon their legitimacy, and
ultimately threw off all disguises, and with bold profli-
gacy declared them to bo of Whig origin, and un-
worthy of the countenance of the Democracy,
Credit cannot 'exist against popular will; and the
credit of these institutions, by the cfeaseless attacks of
party leaders, was destroyed. They were com-
pelled to contract their circulation onie-half or more,
and the country was " deprived of one-half its cur-
rency; the representative of value was decreased,
prices felt in proportion, and the people were ruined.
And now, to remedy the evils wrought by their
hands, they offer to us this hard-money panacea as
the only one left in their budget of nostrums. The
mixed currency of this country amounts to about
two hundred millions of dollars, of which eighty-
seven millions is of gold and silver. For the pur-
pose of illustrating the position which I shall as-
sume, I will state the amount of gold and silver at
$100,000,000, which is more favorable to the hard-
money party. Under the present circulation, the
real and personal property of the State of Indiana is
assessed for purposes of taxation at §100,000,000,
and upon each hundred dollars' worth a tax of thirty
cents is levied. If the circulating medium were re-
duced one-half, by striking fro'Tri it all bank paper,
the property of that State, being represented by one-
half less than at present, would sink in value to
$50,000,000. But how would it affect the taxes?
A given sum must be collected, to raise which re-
quires a tax of thirty cents upon each hundred dol-
lars of the one hundred millions. If the one hun-
dred millions be reduced to fifty millions, does it not
follow that a tax of sixty cents upon each hundred
dollars must be imposed to raise the sum required?
Here, then, we have a remedy proposed, which, if
adopted, will double the taxes paid by every citizen
of Indiana, and at the same time reduce one-half
his present means of paying them. But it will stop
not with tax-payers; it will operate in ruinous effect
upon all classes of society, except the money-lenders;
and upon none more rigorously than the poor day-
laboiers. A policy that reduces in value one-half
each faun, anil all the produce raised upon it, in my
State, will not except from its operation manual
labor. This must also come down, to preserve the
proportion between its value and that of property;
and the ripening glories of "Democracy" are "only
to become visible when the humble laborer shall
return at night to a family begging bread, with
twelve and a half cents in his pocket—the reward
of a day's hard toil! Such a doctrine may find ad-
vocates among rich creditors, but hardly, I should
apprehend, among the indebted class of society;
and I know but little of the farming population of
my State if they arc ready and willing to aid in es-
tablishing a policy that will compel them, by its
process of reducing prices, to sell four hundred in-
stead of two hundred bushels of wheat to raise the
sum of one hundred dollars to pay a debt. The
State of Indiana raw can neither pay her debt nor
the interest upon it; and it is but a poor compliment
to her intelligence to suppose that she will be found
acting with a party that proposes to double her in-
debtedness byway of relief to her inability to pay!
I have examined hastily, sir, the results of this
Democratic faith, if ever reduced to practice, upon
the people and upon the interests of my State; and,
as Indiana has no national interests separate and
distinct from those of her sisters of this great Con-
federacy, the effect of these measures upon her is but
an example of what it will be upon the whole Union.
Henceforth, let there be no misunderstanding or
confusion about principles or positions. It seems to
be agreed, upon all sides, that the great parties are
to meet each other in the coming struggle, and do
battle for their principles. On the one side we have
free trade arid direct taxation; on the other, a tariff
for revenue and protection to American industry.
One party swears eternal hostility to all banks, and
offers to the country hard money only; the other
opposes to it a national bank to regulate the currency
and exchanges. One party proposes to reduce trade
to the standard of currency; the other to increase
the currency to meet the demands of trade. There
is one measure besides, which the Whigs propose,
that finds no antagonist principle in the Democratic
party of an affirmative character. It is the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the public lands—a measure
which, if adopted, would annually distribute to the
States large sums of money arising from the sales
of their om lands. The sums which would be
thus thrown into the treasuries of the various States
would enable many of them, without a resort' to
such onerous taxation as now prevails, to meet ttreir
liabilities with punctuality. To this mea&UTOJttoe
"Democracy" are opposed, but offer nothing- ~"®Na
substitute. I know of no other clear and wtelMe-
fined principle advocated by either party, unless^It
be the hackneyed one of "economy," which'is, Wd
ever has been, professed by all politicians of -every
age and school; and if there be any other iirttfe
"Democracy," they would confer infinite obligations
by disclosing it to the country.
Now, sir, I have said all that I desired to ;say:By
way of counter-attack upon the measures, princifMs,
and policy of the minority of this House. I do'jfb't
frequently obtrude my counsel upon the Ho-ase/iftd
should not have addressed it to-day, but tjia#®)!
"spirit was moved" by the fierce assaults which the
gentleman from South Carolina thought it prefer to
make upon that party with which I have alWays
acted. And this, Mr. Chairman, is perhaps the list
time that my voice will ever be heard within '{He
walls of this Capitol, speaking to my constituents )}r
the nation the language of advice or warning. Siiftie
I have been here I have not sought to gratify ifly
desire for display; but rather, like the gentMhian
from Vermont, [Mr. Mattocks,] have played the
part of a good listener to the speeches of others; and,
by submitting patiently to what, in many instaric&S,
has been rather an "afflicting dispensation,
it as an opinion that I have richly earned
dollars per day. Still I have endeavored, by aiiiili-
yielding devotion to the great principles whi<5h I
have ever advocated, to deserve at least the conmi&ad-
ation of that constituency through whose generous
confidence I became a Representative.
And now, when about to retire from all participa-
tion in the legislation of the country, (as retire J
shall, and surrender my trust to the power from
which it emanated,) I cannot but be moved by the
contemplation of the future condition, as it is to be
affected by legislation here, of those from whom "I
have received unvarying demonstrations of kindness
and favor. I disdain all affectation of philanthropy,
nor do I arrogate to myself more than an ordinary
share; but with others of my party I can and do feel
for the misfortunes of my fellow-men. The time is
not now, when I can look with the cold practised
vision of the stoic, unconcerned, upon such testimo-
nials as everywhere surround us, of deep, pervading,
hopeless distress; and when a line of national policy
is proposed for adoption which is to increase these
testimonials and adds to this distress, I should be
recreant to all duty to return to my constituents
without first laising my voice here in warning and
remonstrance.
Free trade ! direct taxation ! and hard money!
To the "Democracy" here I say, You may, by oneof
the many accidents incident to apolitical campaign,
succeed in establishing this faith in practice; but
success will be the signal for revolution. The beg-
gary of the subject is the security which the tyrant
• has of obedieifce to that will by which he is fed; but
the free-born citizens of this Republic know that the
Government itself is but an emanation from their
will; and, with a scrutinizing intelligence, they watch
the influence of its administration upon their inter-
e'sts. They will endure much—suffer more; but I
warn you, push not their forbearance too far, or the
time may come when the toiling millions, impatient
of the hard condition to which you would reduce
them, will rebel against the power that oppresses,
and, in all the majesty of frenzied despair, rush to
the rescue of those rights which you would wantonly
wrest from them; and if that shall ever come, happy
will it be if their pathway be not reeking with fra-
ternal blood, and strewn with the fragments of your
glorious Republic.
Free trade, direct taxation, and hard money, are
emblazoned upon your banner; and, if you shame not
of it, meet us in the field with it at the head of your
columns in 1844. Our ensign stands where it has
always stood—upon the battlements of the Constitu-
tion; and upon its folds are inscribed in bold, clear
characters, Protection to American industry, a sound
national currency, and the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands*
