172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Feb. 184S.
27th Cong-.-Sd Sess
Claim of inhabitants of West Florida—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
ruary 17,1816, to Lord Castlereagh, [Mr. L. read
extracts from these several letters.]
And here occurs the proper occasion to point to
the error in the argument of the adverse report of
the twenty-first Congress. - That argument rests
upon the grouud that the invasion was a justifiable
act. What legitimately follows"? That the Spanish
nation, would have no rightful claim for damages
ia public properly, or for the violation of her territo-
rial sanctity. But the. fault of the report is, that it
carries its conclusion still further, and denies to the
inhabitants indemnity lor damages to private prop-
erty; a right which they would possess by the usages
of civilized nations, even in, the case of open public
war.
Regarded, then, in any point of view, the inhab-
itants of West Florida had, at the date oi the de-
struction or capture of their piopeity, a perfect, in-
dubitable, and valid right to indemnity from this
Government. Has their claim to this indemnity
been cancelled? Certainly not by payment; and,
with equal certainly, not by the relinquishment of
the losers; for they have never ceased to demand
the due indemnity. Has it been renounced'! Show
me where. By the treaty'! Sir, the very same con-
struction of the terms of the 9th article, which is
necessary to establish the renuneration of the
claims of the Spanish Government to indemnity
for the violation of her territorial domain, is un-
avoidably decisive of the agreement by this Gov-
ernment to indemnify the Spanish inhabitants for
the injuries they suffered.
But can it be possible that the claim would have
been renounced—nay, would have been permitted
by this Government to be renounced, without in-
demnification? It is undeniable, that, up to the
date of the treaty, the individual sufferers by the
invasion of West Florida had a valid and subsisting
claim to indemnity. Had they continued Spanish
subjects, they would have had the right to demand
of their Government the assertion and enloiccment
of their claim agaii^t the United Slates. This
Government would have been compelled to recog-
nise and discharge the obligation to indemnify
them; yes, sir, compelled-not by the physical
force of the Spanish nation, (which, it is well
known, would have been incompetent;) but by that
moral force which the obligations of justice, and
the established rules ol intcinational law, as rec-
ognised and existing amona the civilized communi-
ties oi the earth, exert ovei each nation. Now,
sir, would it have suited the pride, the geneiosiiy,
the dignity, and morality of this great nation, to
have treated with Spam for the unqualified can-
celtnent of debts due to piivalc mdivi ,uaN, when,
by the same instrument, the allegiance of those in-
dividuals was to be transfer!ed, and thus all possi-
bility of justice wululiuwn lioin them'! It it was ,i
good debt, Spain, in relinquishing jL, of course, re-
ceived consideration, and thus we will have been
a party to a crm-l wioog, by peimilling her to rob
the people she was about to'traiisfer, at the very mo-
ment they were becoming, and by the very instru-
ment wliicli made them, citizens of the United
States. No, sir. it cannot be that this Government
designed to inllict upon these people so great a
wrong. If the claim has been renounced, that re-
nunciation must have been coupled with a provis-
ion for the indemnification oi the individual suffer-
ers. JVo other supposition would he consistent with
the magnanimity and justice of the nation; and no
other construction, as I before said, is possible to be
given to the clause of the treaty. If it has not
been renounced, then the debt lem.n'ns still binding;
and it i.s incumbent on you, as I humbly conceive,
since the claimants have become incorporated with
you as your own citizens, io do, as an act of free
duty and grace, what, if they had remained sub-
ject to Spain, you would have done, upon the. de-
mand of that Government, as an obligation of jus-
tice. The purchase of the country, and transfer of
their political obligations, should work no iniurv
to their private rights. " "
But I propose to show now, sir, that these claims
for the losses of 1814 were, in fact, provided for
by the treaty; that snch is the fair construction of
the ninth aiticle of that treaty; that, whatever may
have been the understanding or design of the nego-
tiators, the words: in which they have expressed
their intention incontrovertibly establish the right
of the inhabitants of West Florida to the relief pro-
vided in this act.
The distinguished negotiator of the treaty on the
American side [Mr. Adams] represents,' in his
place here, that it was not intended to include these
claims in the provision made in the treaty for in-
demnity, which provision was designed to apply
only to the damages occasioned by the operations
of the American army in West Florida in 1818;
and that those of 1814 did not enter into the con-
templation of the negotiators at all.
I readily, upon the assertion of the gentleman,
concede that such is a correct representation of his
understanding and intentions at the time of the
treaty. But 1 must be allowed to offset this under-
standing of the American negotiator, by the con-
trary understanding of the Spanish negotiator.
De Onis published a work shortly after his return
to Spain, in which he gives a sketch of the condi-
tion of the relations between Spain and the United
States, and of the history and result of his recent
negotiations, which ended in the treaty not then
ratified by Spain, lntheenumeration of the causes
of difference between the two nations, which his
negotiation was designed to settle, he says:
•'To these public acts of aggression and violence werf after-
vvaids inldeit General Jackson's march through West Fioriila,
with the troops under hid command, and hl3 entrance into Pen-
eacola, to dove fiom ihat place l^iefew English who had landed
there; and the march of anoiiieAioiiy ol Arneuean troops inio
East Ftori ta, to assist a pally ot revolters, who, Iiom !h..
United States themselves, were endeavoring to exeiie disorder
in that province. I protested, in the name of 'he Kmsr, a amat
at! and each of these excesses: but the cabinet at Washington
refused to reply to me, and inflexibly adhered to then system
ot policy "
The title of (he book from which this extract is
made, is "Memoir upon the Negotiations between
Spain and the United States of America, which
led to the Treaty of 1819."
Thus it will be seen, that, according to the un-
derstanding of Ue Onis, the damage occasioned
by the invasion of 1814 was one of the very gtounds
of difference intended to be ai ranged by the nego-
tiation he conducted.
This difi'eience in the understanding of the two
iiegoiiatnis might natuially exist, without the
slightest imputation upon the integi ity or accu-
racy of either; and without injury, too, to the lights
of the claimants It is perfectly explicable.
The gentleman from Massachusetts was not in
the United States when the invasion of West
Florida, in 1814, occuried. He was at that date
in Europe, as one of the commissioners for nego-
tiating a peace with Great Bi tiain. His mind and
feelings were naturally absotbed with the gieat
mission he was upon, and which, about that time,
was reaching the point of happy consummation.
The invasion of West Floiida was not likely to
strike his attention at such a time; and when lie
did hear of it, it was in connexion with the ever-
meinorable victory of New Orleans, among the
prelitmnaiy incidents of which the incursion into
Florida formed but an item. No wonder that the
invasion of Florida, overshadowed and lost sight
of in the greatness of the final event with winch
it was connected, fai'ed, under the existing circum-
stanecs, to impress itself upon the mind of the
gentleman at the time of its occurience; and there
were reasons why it may well have failed to at-
tract his attention during the negotiation. His
mind was given to what constituted the really
great objects of the negotiation, and upon which
his diplomatic powers were about being exercised.
The boundary line west of the Mississippi—the
acquisition of the Floridas—the undisputed title to
the extensive and valuable country between the
Perdido and Mississippi riveis;—these were the
great topics of the negotiation. The subject of
Spanish claims was despatched in a few sentences
of an immensely voluminous correspondence.
On the other hand, there was every reason why
the Spanish minister should have had his attention
fixed upon the .subject of these losses. Reduced by
the superior genius and diplomacy of his antagon-
ist, he was consenting to almost every demand of the
American Government. The western boundary—
the Floridas—the payment of the claims of Ameri-
can citizens—all were being yielded. And what
was he receiving, by which to save even the appear-
ance of reciprocity, and to justify himself at home'!
The small and only stipulation in favor of the in-
habitants of Florida. No wonder, then, that, upon
his part, he should have looked with interest and
anxiety to this matter of the claims for indemnity.
To him, it was all impottant; and therefore dwelt
upon during the negotiation, and treasured after it.
To the American Government, it was a trifle; and
therefore not heeded in the negotiation, and, it
would seem, not remembered after it.
But it is a matter of indifference what may be the
variant understanding or recollection of the two
IN SPANISH.
''Las alias partes contratari-
tes reriuncian reciprocameme
tudos sub derechos a indemni-
zicmneBpnr qualquiera de los
ulnmog aconucimiemo"! y tran
sacciones de bus respective^
comandame3 y oficiales en las
Floridas
'•Y lorj Estados Unidos eatis-
fur.ui los perjuK'K'S, si loshu-
biese habido, que los habiuntes
y oficiales Espar.oles justtfi
quen legalmente haber eufri
do por los operaciones del ex-
ercito Americauo en ellas."
negotiators. The meaning of the treaty is to be
gathered from its own words and context. Itisto
the instrument itself, and not to its negotiators, that
we are required to look for the intention and stipu-
lations of the parties to it. This has been ac-
knowledged by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
in commenting upon a letter from Earl Bathurst
to him, in 1815, respecting the meaning of the 1st
article of the treaty of Ghent.
Look, then, to the treaty. The clause is as fol-
lows:
IN ENGLISH.
"And the high contracting
parties, respectively, renounce
alt claim to indemnities for any
of the recent events or transac-
tions of their respective com-
manders and officers in the
Floridas.
"The United States will cause
satisfaction to be made for th©
injuries, il any, which, by pro-
cess of law, shall be established
'.o have Ven suffered by the
Spanish officers, and individual
Spanish inhabitants, by the late
operations of the American ar-
[tny in Florida.
Nothing can be more evident—looking to the
English version alone—than that the stipulation to
pay for the injuries suffered by individuals in their
property, was co-extensive with the renunciation;
that, if the renunciation on the part of Spain ex-
tended to each of the three invasions; the stipula-
tion, on the part of the United States, to make in-
demnity to individual private sufferers, extended
also to each of them. If the stipulation to pay ap-
plied only to the last invasion—that of 1818; then,
also, the renunciation applied only to that, and the
United States remain liable to the claim for those
indemnities. Taking either horn of the dilemma,
the result is the same. But if there is even doubt,
the Government should not hesitate as to its course.
The high and sensitive impulses of national honor
will not brook even suspicion of wrong. The very
shadow of dishonor should be spurned. It should
be sufficient that there is even a doubt as to the
right to deny indemnity to these claimants, to en-
sure the passage of this bill. The faith of treaties
is too sacred an obligation to be trifled with by a
people professing a place in. the ranks of moral and
civilized nations. *
But if the English version of the treaty admits of
doubt in its construction, the Spanish does not.
There the word "late," found in the English ver-
sion, and upon which the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasuiy turned, has no correspondent word
in the Spanish^ersion. There is nothing which
can limit its sense to the last invasion; but, on the
contrary, the descriptive terms are all in the plu-
ral—showing that the allusion was to all the opera-
tions, and to both the Floridas. No one will deny,
after a critical examination of the Spanish version,
that the losses of 1814, as well as those of 1812 and
1818, are meant to be provided for.
Now, then, by which of these versions are we to
be governed'! "Fortunately, the Supreme Court of
the United States has furnished the answer. In a
''ase ill which a similar difference in the phraseolo-
gy of the Spanish and English versions of the 8th
article of the same treaty was discovered,the court
thus comments:
"The original treaty has been examined in the Department of
State It is txecuied as an original, and headed "original" in
both languages. It cannot have escaped our attention that it
relate! to the t?i ntoiy ceded, the boundaries between those two
Govt rrmients, the mutual renunciations, and the rights of the
inhabitants of the ceded teriitoiies. There is an obvious reason
f <v its being 111 Spanish, as well ay in English. The King had a
<iiiect mtei L-st, as lav as affected hm own dominions adjoining
the United Stafey, ami a laudable desue to protect the inhabit-
fuits of tliu cei'ed pi Dvmces in all thrjr rights and property"—
U. S vs. AnrdondviO Pete/b'sM. 736.
Again: "His mminterwas pot willing to trust so important a
matter to a treaty only in the English language. Thepresent situ-
ation of die holdeis of the grants, the state of the country, the
opinion of tins court in Foster vs Nelson, and the argument m
this cause, show the wisdom and justice which prompted him to
express the intention ot the King 3n his own language, and that of
Ins subjects. Similar, or equally good, reasons may have in-
duced the ministers of this Government to have th^treatv
drawn in itss language; and thus, considering the treaty in both
languages, and each (as is declared at its head) 'original,' the
one veision neither contio].*, nor is to be preferred to, the
other; each expre^sesihe meaning of the contracting parties,
respectively, in their own language; as. jn the opinion of each,
expressing and derlaung the intention of both."—lb 737.
'•Thf! Bpani9ii version wa3 in his (the Spanish monarch's)
word.?, and expressed his intentions; and, though the American
vei&iori showed the intention of ibis Government to be different,
we cannot adopt it as the rule by whieh to decide what was
gi anted, what excepted, and what reserved. The rules of Jaw
are too clear to be mistaken, and too imperative to be disregard-
ed by this court."—Ib. 74L
