1*4
APPENDIX ¥0 THE G0NGRES8I0NAL ©LOBE.
Feb. 1848-"
27th Coko«*-3d Sess.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. Chain.
H. of Reps.
losses of 1812 and 1813 did come within the intent
of-the act of 1823; and, therefore, also within the
intent and provisions of the 9th article of the treaty;
and, overruling the decision of the Secretary that
they were not comprehended, confines his discre-
tion, in the payment, to the point of their being
"jast." It is the legislative decree that the provis-
ion of the 9th article was not confined, to the losses
of. 1818. The claims of the sufferers of 1812 and
1&13 were ordered to be paid, not upon any grounds
of. equitable consideration independent of the treaty,
but expressly as being in execution of the 9th article.
The intention of Congress is made still more man-
ifest in the 3d section of the act, which authorizes
the reception and adjudication of any farther claims
not before presented, or in which the evidence was
withheld, "in consequence of the decision of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that such claims were not pro-
vided, for by the treaty of February 22, 1819, be-
tween the Government of the United, States and
Spain." Thus showing that the decision of the
Secretary was fully before Congress, and that the
conclusion was against him, expressly upon the
construction of the treaty.
The losses of 1814 were not included in the pro-
Visions of this act of 1834, because the committee
confined the bill reported to those of 1812 and '13;
and the Delegate from Florida, (anxious, I presume,
to avoid embarrassing its passage, by pressing the
question as to those of 1814 upon the House for de-
cision at the time,) took it as it was offered, without
discussion. The distinction made by the commit-
tee which repotted the bill, between the losses of
1812 and those of 1814, is altogether, in my view,
a mistaken one. It is, that the invasion of East
Florida, in 1812, was unauthorized; and that, there-
fore, the Government was liable for the damages;
but that the invasion of West Florida, in 18]4,
beingjuslified by the laws of nations, was in a dif-
ferent predicament. Now this would have been a
good answer to a claim from Spain for reparation
for the violence done to her sovereignty by the in-
vasion, or for injury to public property occasioned
by it—as, for instance, the destruction of Fort Ba-
rancas, &c.; but it is not a justifiable answer to a
claim for the use or destruction of the private prop-
erty of peaceable and unoffending peasants, and
other inhabitants. Not even the pendcncy of open
public war justifies, as I have before shown, the re-
fusal to pay for such injuries among civilized na-
tions.
I have endeavored, Mr. Speaker, to make intel-
ligible to the House the grounds upon which I
rest the passage of the bill. I had designed to add
some further remarks to what I said on a former
occasion, touching the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] but the sense of the
House, as manifested in the entertainment of the
demand for the previous question, which cut off,
and virtually rejected his motion, rendered it un-
necessary. Without further trespass, therefore,
upon the patience of the House, I will conclude.
Note.—In the midst of the remai ks of which the foregoing
is the subftance, Mr. J.evy \va^ airested bv (he application o!
the hour i ule. Mr. Adams then obtained the llooi, and ad-
dressed tbe House again la opposition to (ha bill. When lie
concluded,Mr. Levy endeavored again to obtain the floor, lor
the purpose, ot concluding bis argument, and replying further
to Mr. Adams; but he failed in this endeavor, the previous
question having been called, and lit-ipj insisted upon by nue of
the memberi. The House w:is thus brought to .1 dnecf vote
upon the bill be/ore it was in possession ol all the facts anil at-
guments depended upon in its support The natural conse-
quence of this was its rejection. Mr. J.evy afterwatds, duiirig
the day, obtained the floor upor, a motion to reconsider, and
pursued lib remarks. The argument, such a.' it was, has been
written out, and thrown into continuous foirti; in older that,
when the aubjec' shall hereafter be again brought befoie Con-
gress, the necessity may not exi^t for the consumption of tinie
by the oral repetition of what has before been said.
REMARKS OF MR. (TWIN,
OP MISSISSIPPI.
In the House of Representatives, February 11, 1843 
On the motion of Mr. C. J. Ingersoli, to print
10,000 extra copies of the majority and mintrity
reports upon the assumption of the State debt*.
Mr. Adams having concluded,
Mr. GW1N of Mississippi got the floor, and re-
plied as follow.i:
Mr. Speaker: The gentleman fiotn Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] se-ms to entertain great dread of
the appearance of British vessels m the waters of
the Mississippi. Has the gentleman always been
as anxious to prevent their appearance in those
waters as he seems to be at present? If I recollect
aright an important era in the history of our coun-
' try, the gentleman was accused of an attempt, at
the treaty of Ghent," to bargain away to Great
Britain the navigation of the Mississippi river and
its tributaries, for some advantage in the fisheries
to the No-tb. He was so charged by one of the
most distinguished citizens of th:s country, [Mr.
Clay,] between whom and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] an adjourned question
of veracity exists to this dSty on this subject. I
should like to hear the gentleman clear up that
charge, ere he presents himself as the special cham-
pion of the navigation of the Mississippi. Treach-
erous once, he may betray us again; and I am the
more induced to doubt him on this occasion, as the
alternative presented to avoid the horrors of war
with Great Britain, and thus the appearance of
British war steamers in the waters of the Missis-
sippi, is the assumption of the debts of the several
States by tbe Gent ral Government.
Sir, is it not degrading us as a nation, to hear a
Representative in the American Congress warn us
against the danger of a war with Great Britain, by
holding up the result of the recent contest of that
nation wiih China as our probable fa'e in the event
of a collision between the two nation;? Shall we
be threatened in our own halls with the payment
of I wenty-one millions, to buy a dishonorable peace
with that powerful, arrogant, and haughty nation?
Can any American patriot forget the qlorious t<>r-
minatitm of our two wars with Great Biitain, then
in our infancy as a nation, and destitute of resources;
and sliali we now, when in full manhood, be forced
to commit a grievous wrong upon the Constitution
of our country, to avoid a war that it is predicted
will tcrminale so disastrously to ua? Sir, it is hu-
miliating to hear such remarks from any quarter,
but especially so when they emanate from one of
Ihe Representatives of thw great nation on this
floor.
1 have not been disposed at any time, Mr.
Speaker, to in'roduce the question here of ihe valid-
ity of the bonds issued in the name of the State, for
the Missiisippi Union Bank, and ihe liability of ihe
State to pay these bonds; but the question appears
to be so entirely misunderstood and misrepresented,
both here and elsewhere, that I shall avail myself
of (his occasion to slate Ihe grounds that have been
taken by a majority of ihe people of the Slate on
thi* -.ubjtct. It is simply thic shall the State as-
sume the payment of a debt contracted in her name,
in violation of her constitution? For I contend
that these bonds weie issued by authority of an un-
constitutional law; and that even ihe requirements
of that law, inop rative as it is upon the State,
were disregarded in th® sale of the bonds.
During the summer of 1841, a letter was written
by my colleague, [Mr. Thompson,] and extensive-
ly circulated, giving a clear and concise history of
the chi.rter ot the Union Bank, and its conflict
with she Slate constitution. In order to a proper
undeisiaiiding of ihe question, I will read an extract
from that letter.
"The constitution provides that 'No law shall
ever be nas>ed to raise a loan of money upon the
credit of the State, or to pledge the faith of ihe
State for (he payment or redemption of any loan
ord-ht, unless such law be proposed in the Senate
or House of Representatives, and be agreed to by
a majority of the members of each House, and en-
tered on their journals, with the yeas and nays
taken thereon, and be referred to the next succeed-
ing LfgisUlure, and published for Ibrse months
previous to the next regular election, in three
newspapers of this State; and unless a majority of
each branch of the Legislature so elected, after
snch publicalion, shall agree io and pa«s such law;
and, in such case, the yeas and nays shall be taken
and entered on ihe journals of each House.5
"This wise provision of our constitution is pecu-
liar io our Slate; and, amidst the general pecuniary
embarrassments which now press so heavily upon
the energies of several of our si«ter States, arising
from imprudent and hasty legislation, and from an
unadvised pawning of that brightest jewel of the
State—her faith—for the purpose of raising money
to be used by ihe few to the prejudice of the many,
every Mississippian should feel grateful to the
framers of our constitution for Iheir prudence and
forecast in thus guarding our honor and our prop-
erty, by restraining from tampering with our faith
or credit as a State, a Legislaure who«e cours^'qf
conduct has evidently puceeded from impulse^
rather than wise and deliberate councils. Btltlt
would be a mockery of constitutional government^
to say to their agents, 'thus far shalt iiau £o,an<t
no farther,'and yet acre.TLY sanction ev^rt i -
FRACTIOH OF RESERVED R GUTS.
"At the January session of 1837, the Legislature
of our State passed an act entitled 'An act to, tar
corporate tbe subscribers to the Mississippi Union
Bank,' in which you must mark the faet tbatlt®
provision ii made that the State of Mississippi
shall be a. subscriber for stock. But, on the con-
trary, section 4 of ihe law says 'that the owners of
real estate situated in the State of Mississippi, auct
who are citizens thereof, shall be the oply persons
entitled lo -subscribe.' This law provides that the
capital of the bank shall be $15,000,000; that the
books of subscription shall be kept open for six;
months, under the inspection of ten managers,, to
be chosen by the Legislature; that so soon as five
thousand shares shall have been subscribed, the
Governor of the State 'hall appoint thirteen direc-
tors, to serve for twelve months, who shall take
charge of the bank and the books of subscription;
that, after the books are closcd, the bank may go
into immediate operation, whenever it shall appear
that at least §500 0G0 shall have been subscribed
and paid in;'hat those declared stockholders by the
directors shall pay into ihe bank the sum of ten
dollars upon each and every share subscribed; that
the stockholders shall give their bonds to ihe bafife
for the amount of stock allowed to each, and shall
als© execute mortgages upon real estate, with the
privilege of including one-fourth of the amount on
slaves, to secure tbe paymentof theirstock-bonds—-
(thus,(notonly the property mortgaged, but thewhole
estate of the stockholder, would have been bound
for the redemption of ihe slock;) and that both the
principal and interest of the bank bonds were to be
paid by the bank as they severally fell due. Thea
it is further provided, that the State shall pledge its
faith for ihe redemption of the capital stock-, or, in
other words, shall become the stcurity of the sub-
scribers for stock, upon being allowed ten per cent,
of the profits of tbe bank, the appointment of five
of the thirteen directors, and a standing accommo-
dation loan of $900,000; and the 30th section re-
quires the Governor to execute to the said bank,
from time to time, bonds in amount proportioned
to the sums subscribed and secured to ihe satisfac-
tion of the directors, until the whole amount of
bonds shall be furnished. In this charter you will
at once perceive no risk, no hazard of taxation
whatever.
"This act was published—not the length of time
required by the constitution, it is true; but still, it
was published; and it is unworthy of this great
question to dwell oa quibbles. At a succeeding
Lesblature, which mrt in January, 1838, the
same law came up for re-enactment. While it
was still pending, and before anolher vote was
taken upon it, a joint committee of the Senate and
House of Representatives—a committee (f the
greatest weight and highest responsibility that can
at any time be raised—was appointed, and in-
structed to 'examine whether ihe said bill can be
amended; and, if so, whether it be practicable to
changeit iclo a Stale bank exclusively.' From the
unanimous report of that committee, permit me
to firaw yonr attention to the following extracts:
"'But as to that portion if the said charter which
relates to the subscriber* or stockholders to the said
institution, being the primary condition on which
the faith of ihe State is to bs pledged, and as such
constitutes a vital part of it, we have no power to
change the same, unless it should be again submit-
ted to the people for their sanction; which would
have the tendency to postpone, for at least two
years, its consummation. This course your com-
mittee believe would ba directly at war with Ihe
wishes of our constituents,' &c.
"This report was received, and unanimously
adopted by the Legislature. At ihat time, while
the charter is still pending, and open, of course, to
all amendments admissible under the constitytioo,
it is the unanimous opinion that tbe vital parts,of
the bill cannot be changed without a re-submission
