yeM843.
23k|h  Co-no.
AgFBjBMEK T© TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES
m
3d Skss.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. Gwin.
H. of Reps.
of the charter to the people; consequently, the
original charter, becomes a law on the 5th day of
F«Hfe iy, 1838, without change or alteration.
WWtout calling in question the constitutionality of
thi charter, I might stop, and triumphantly ask,
Has a single bond of the State been issued and
soid under this charter? If so, who were, the di
rectors appointed by the Governor to manage the
bank? Who were the subscribers for stock? Had
the- books of subscription been kept op-n six
months? How many stockholders had paid ten
dollars upon each and every share subscribed?
How-many bonds for stock had beea given and se
cared by satisfactory mortgage? Not one of these
things had been done at the time the bonds ia ques-
tion-were issued and sold: and the purchaser mast
have-known it.
"But here follows the explanation: Ten days af-
ter the passage of the foregoing charter, the same
Legislature that determined, by unanimous vote,
that the charter could not be amended while pend-
ing before them, pa-sed'An act supplementary to
as act to incorporate the subscriber^ to the Missis-
sippi, Union Bank;' wherein, under the magic title
of 'supplement,' they endeavored to do indirectly
whjt the conscience of every member checked him
in doing directly. They made changes in the char-
ter, by way of supplement, which, but a few days
before, they had declared, under cath, would viti-
ate the whole instrument. This procedure was in
violation of all parliamentary rule known in this
or any other enlightened country; and it c^n be
considered in no other light than a legislative fraud,
because it violated not only the constitution, ac-
cording to their own showing, bat also one of their
express rales of order, which prohibited the repeal
of any law the same session at which it was passed.
On the 15th of February, 1838, this act look the form
and shape of law. The very first section charged
altogether the a'ti'ude of the State ;o the bank.
In the original act, the State, being amply indem-
nified, agrees to stand as the security of the stock-
holders; in this supplemental act, she becomes- pri-
marily liable for $5,000,000. In the original act, nn
individual but a citizen of the State can mbscribe
and take stock; in this act, the State fcecomcs a sub-
scriber for stock, and, by express repeal, ^ives up
her ten percent, of the profits, her five directors,
and her accommodation loan of $200,000, and be-
comes a partner in the banking adventure. All
this is done under the tali. manic word 'supple-
ment,' without submitting it m any way to the peo-
ple! Now, it must be apparent to the commonest
understanding, that it was not in the power of tlae
Legislature to make the State a sMb°criber for
stock in that bank—'o render her liable for the
sum of 15,000,000, or any other a.nount—to
change h?r attitude in any respect :oward$ the
stockholders in ihe bank—;o enlarge or diminish
her interest in the bank, as it stood at the passage
of the original charter, wi;h"nt submitting it to
the action of the ppnple. This tight had been ex-
pressly reserved to the people m their fundamental
law; and, until they had been consulted in the
manner prescribed, all action by their supposed
i agents was null and void; and the whole world
were hound to take notice of it. Tnese proposi-
tions are so self-evident, no man cf candor and dis-
crimination will dispute them. The only question
remaining i% Doss the present supposed liability
arise under and by virtue of the supplement?
"It h apparent that it does so arise—1st, from
the very terms of the mortgages for slock, which
were drawn up by the officers of the bank, and
which have been recorded ia almost every county
of the State; in which it is set forth that the intent
of the mortgage is to secure the payment of only
$10,500,000; leaving $5,000,000 (the sum already
sold) to be paid by the Stale, by virtue of the sup-
plemental act. 2d. It isapjarent, from these facts,
that, at the time of the issuance of the five mil-
lions of bonds now held abroad, there were no
subscribers for slock; that the looks of subscrip-
tion had not been kept open six months, as re-
quired by the original charter; that no bonds for
staok, and no mortgages to secure them, had been
taken; that no directors bad been appointed by the
Executive to examine and pass upon the validity
ef the mortgages; and that not a dollar had been
paid in on a single Charcot ?lock: therefore, they
must have been issued in pursuance of the supple-
mental act; or else there is more baseness in this
whole transaction than ever-characterized any other
act of public functionaries; 3J. It is apparent,
from the very terms of the power of attorney from
the managers of the hank to the commissioners
who went abroad to sell these bonds. This power
of attorney—after reciting that the net to incor-
porate ihe subscribers to the Mississippi Union
Bank had been passed by one Legislature, and, in
conformity to the constitution, had been published,
and referred to the next succeeding Legislature,
which had pasfed and confirmed the said original
act; and that the same wis approved by the Gov-
ernor, on the 5th day of February, 1838,—contin-
ues: 'And whereas the said Legi-laiure last above
mentioned passed an act entitled An act supple-
mental to an act to incorporate the subscribers of
the Mississippi Union Bank, which was approved
bv tb*i Governor, February 5'h, 1838; and whereas
the Governor of the State of Mississippi has, pur-
suant to ihe provisions of the said supplemental
act, subscribed, in behalf of the said S'ate, fifty
thousand shares of the capital stock of said bank,
and has executed twenty-five hundred bonds of the
said State of Mississippi, for the sum of two thou-
sand dollars each,' &e. If truth can produce con-
viction, surely this question is now placed beyond
cavil. 4th. It is seU evident, ih<u the purchaser of
the bond' had not only const)uc.tive, but ac'ual, r,o-
tice|tb t 'he faith of ihe State could not be pledged
under the constitution by an act of the legislature,
without a confirmation by the people; that ihe sup-
plemental aec had not been confirmed by th° peo-
p'e; and that the bonds he purchased were issued
'pursuant to the provisions of the said supplement-
ary ac!!!'—because this power of attorney to the
commissioners is made part and p.ircel of his con-
tract with them, and it contains a full statement of
these facts."
This is the grrund takcn^iy the Slate in l'fgaid
to th"sc bonds. Not a dollar of the money for
which the bonds were s.old v. a? received by the
State; they were s->!d by agents of the ba^k, ap-
pointed by authority of the unconstitutional sup-
plement, and the money received by the bank, and
u;ed by it. Not a dollar ever went into the State
'reasnrv, or wsss under the control of a Stale offi-
cer. The archives of the State exhibit, no evidence
of the existence of these bonds as au obligation
upon th^ Slate; nor was there ever deposited there
any evidence that ihe Stats is a -stockholder in the
bank. Fir ihe~e reasons, the Stale has refused to
assume the payment of the^e bonds. No party in
the Slate is in favor of levying a lax for their
payment. The question between ihe two parties
is assumption or non-assumption. The first con-
tend tnat ihe State shall assume ;he debt, at the
same time they refuse to provide by taxation for
its payment. "Settle fair, if you never pay,"is their
motto. The latter contend that the bonds were
issued by virtue of an unconstitutional law; sold
in violation of that law; end it would be a fraud
up .n the constitution and laws to assume their
payment. While we refuse io acknowledge this
to be a Stat*; obligation, yet no obstacle has been
thrown in the way of the bondholder', if they de-
sired to secure ihe assets of the Union Bank. In
fact, the Dern cra'ic party in that State destr.-; that
the,-,e assets may be thus appropriated. I differ
with Governor McNutt m the estimated value of
these assets. It honestly appiopriated to the re-
demption of the noles now unredeemed, after their
payment a large surplus must exist, to be applied
to the payment of the bonds. In addition to there,
the fasse's proper of tbe bank, there are also the
subscriptions of tbe stockholders for ten and a half
millions of dollars, secured by mortgages upon
some of the most valuable estates in that State,
and equal m pro.tuc'iveness to any in the world,
which some of the first legal men in the S'ate con-
tend will be heW liable io pay the?e bonds. I do
not give this as my opinion. I am no lawyer; hut
members of ihat profession, equal in learning and
intellect to any in this country, entertain this opin-
ion. No obstruction will be thrown in the way cf
the bondholders, if they wish to test ihe validity
of xhese mortgages. The State and United States
courts are open to them. Let them proceed to teat
this question; and, if they succeed, then this mort-
gaged property wnh the assets proper of (he bank
wi 1, it is supposed, pay the whole debt of five mil-
lions, with the iniereu. Sir, I entertain do doubt
but these bonds are much more likely to be paid
than the bonds rf several States, whose Legisla-
tures are passing resolutions against repudiation.
I alluded, in the commencement of my remarks,
to the course the genleman from Massachusetts
was reported to have pursued in ibe negotiations at
Ghent, in regard to the navigation of the Mississip-
pi by British vrsseis. 1 cure not now whether the
charge was true or fal-e, further than to declare
that £ d.> not bt-lieve he w-uld dt-preeale Ihe ap-
pearance of British war steamers at Natchez as
much as he has pretended on this occasion. Blue
liphls, kindled by traitorous hands in our own coun-
try, directed our enemies to our weakest points
during tbeUst war. The gentleman [Mr. Adams]
may be designated as the finger-hoard directing the
attention ot Grrat Britain to what he at present
considers our weakest point. He has declared
that, in the event of war, tr insurrection in the
slave Sta'es, requiring the intervention of the
General Government, cur slaves will be free.
The great object ot his life seems to be to cause the
eman-ipaiion of our slaves, regardless of the war
of ex.ermtnr.tion that rau-.t ensue, between the two
races, should sucress attend hi", efforts. What
more effectual aid can he obtain than the na-
val power of Great Britain, concentrated, at his
suggestion, at the Souih, in the event of a war
wnh that nation, sending war steamers to the very
centres of the slave Slates? Martial law is pro-
claimed—insurrection excited—the Government cf
ihe Uri'ed Siatts senJ armies to expel ihe invaders
and suppress the insurrection's; and ihus, according
to the gentiemanV doctrines and opinions, oft re-
peat d on ihis jJ tor, our slaves would be free, and
his great object accomplished. If the gentleman
does not desire ihis result, his course is well calcu-
l.'Ut d to bring about a war between this country
and Gteat Britain. The assumption of State debts,
oi w^r, srs the alternatives presented to us by him;
and he hesitates not to say that England will have
cause for declaring war, if these debts are not
paid. That powerful and rapacious nation will
not be slow in adopting this suggestion, coming, as
it coos, from amemberof this House who has filled
ihe exahed station of President of the United States.
He calls the refusal of Mississippi to assume pay-
ment of those bonds "metaphysical distinctions"
wh'ch he do:s not understand. Foreigners have
urged this same argument in favor of assumption—
that they cannot understand the distinction or dif-
ference between the State and the Federal consti-
tutions. Aff-r the remarks <f the gentleman, they
will have high authority on this side ef the water
in favor of assumption on this ground.
The gentleman entertains groat horror of Slate
repudiation of unacknowledged debts; yet he is the
advocate of, and votfd for, the bankrupt law, which
established the most wholesale system of repudia-
tion of hoDest, bom fide, undisputed debts ever
known in this or any oiher country. According to
the gentleman's theory, it is disgraceful for a State
to refuse to assume a debt she declares was created
in violation of her constitution, acd for which she
received nothing; yet it is perfectly fair and hon-
enble for tne cit!zens of ihat State, one or all, to re-
pudiate all of their honest bona fide debts, under the
bankrupt Uw—debts contracted m accordance with
constitution and law, and for which full value was
received. I will make a practical application of
the gentleman's theory of dishonorable repudiation
of unacknowledged Stale debts, and honorable re-
pudiation of acknowledged private debts. During
the glorious era of paper money, from 1835 to
1840, commercial houses m Europe established
agencies ir, this country, to advance money to the
planters, to secure shipments of cotton io their
houses. Competition sprung up in this line of
business, as in most others; and the agents ad-
vanced much more than the cotton was worth,
which, on settlement, left ihe planters greatly in
debt. The?e balances falling in part in ihe hands
of the Barings, are sent over for collection; but the
planters go into court under the bankrupt law, and
