Feb. 1843.
27th Cong. .. 3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
 •Assumption of State Debts—Mr. J. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
and issue these bends, hsd entered his protest
ajamst them, and said he had to receive the odium
of s'anding between the voice of the people of Mis-
sissippi and his vi?w of constitutional right, but
he would cot issue these boads.
[Mr. Granger read from a letter of Judge Tur-
ner, dated Natchez, March 23, 1838, in which Mr.
Gwin's name was introduced in such a manner as
to conve; the idea that he was in favor of the
issuing of these bonds.]
Mr. Gwin (Mr. Granger yielding the floor)
said that letter was written by Judge Turner, one
of the judges of the supreme court of Mississippi;
and be had to state that the first time he ever saw
or heard of that letter was in print; and be had re-
ceived a letter from Judge Turner, asking him if he
recollected auy such Ie ter, or the conversation al-
luded to; and he had leplied that hs neither recol-
lected the letter, nor any conversation alluded tocn
the subject.
Mr. Gbanser continued. He assured the
gentleman (and they were not words if ceremony)
that he bad not introduced the letter with any view
to call up an unpleasant thought in the gentleman's Jfc
mird; he bad biought it in, to presetst the facts ofW
the case, to s-how that the Onion Bank never re-
ceived but $5,000,000 as its capilai, and that this
was from the sale of these bonds that had been re-
pudiated; and that Governor McNutt had been
urged to issue farther bonds, and would not do it;
and that thence it was that the capital of the bank
had bee# limited to $5,000,000.
Mr. Gwin said that letter was written before
the bonds were issued. .
Mr. Granger said he still believed that Gov-
ernor MeNuti, in his answers before the commit-
tee, had said that he prevented the fusther issue of
these bonds.
Mr. G had cot entered on this question with any
view to wound the feelings of any man here or
elsewhere, or to astail any State cf this Union.
Had Mississippi, finding herself in tbe position in
which Siatss were and individuals were—had she,
from the pressure ot the times, been forced tn
yield, and, declaring ibis debs her own, asked for
further time for its payment, then it would not
have had, on ih:s nation, the effect which it was
now calculated to haveaferoad. He had examined
this question somewhat, and he had believed, and
did now believe, that it was due to the character of
the nation that it should be understood. AH he
had declared was, that the Sia'e of Mississippi,
through her constituted authorities, had chartered
the Union Bank; that fifteen days afier it had
passed a supplemental act, (signed by Governor
McNutt;) :hat, under ihat ac', $5,080,000 had been
received in such currency as they had chosen to
receive it id, and that (hat was the only capital stock
the bank had ever rfC'ived. He had then gone
on to declare that this bank—thus raised in cor-
ruption, as the gentleman bad told them, and in
violation of the constitution and laws of Mis-
sissippi—had been recognised by the Legislature
of that State, which had become a borrower of
that institu'ion. He had then declared that Gov-
ernor-McNutt, in his message as late as 1840, had
said that, in this matter, he had yielded his individ-
ual opinions to the voice of the Stale, but that he
had not then pretended to say that these bonds
had been unfairly negotiated; or, if he had, these
extracts from his message had been unfairly quoted;
and he would like to hear the gentleman state it,
if this was not the case.
Mr. Gwin. He stated, in his message, that
tbe bonds were snid under par, and in violation of
law.
• Mr. Gbanger. But he signed the bonds.
Mr. Gwin. No doubt of that.
Mr. Granser. Governor McNuit signs these
bonds, and then goes on to prove, by his report of
the state of that bank and i's condition, that there
never had been a doilai in it but the results ot these
bonds,and to show that the property of this bank,
to which the bondholders were to look, was not
worth one dollar.
Mr. G. had not said anything here as of his own
knowledge. He had spoken from the record?, fur-
bished not by thOiB politically oppo-ed to the gen-
tleman, but by Governor McNutt himself and his
18
political friends. Although the State of Missis-
sippi, on her $2,000 000 bondi lrom the Planters.'
Bank, for which her faiih had been pledged, had
not paid her interest from 1839, owing to the em-
barras?ments of the times, or perhaps to the fact
that they looked to the bank, in the first instance,
for payment, he had no imputation to make upon
her from this cause. It arose from the embarrass-
ments of the times. Be it so. He bad only con-
tended that the $5,000,000 of bonds having been
made in good faith, and the money for them re
ceived, should at least have been acknowledged in
good faith.
SPEECH OF MR. THOMPSON,
of mississippi,
In the House of Representatives, February 11, 1843.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] to print 10,000 extra
copies of the reports of the majority and minority
of tbe Committee of Ways and Means against the
proposition to issue $200,000,000 Government
stock to be distributed to the States.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi said: I wish
to call on this House to bear witness that neither
my colleague nor myself ha?, in any way, thrust
upon its consideration the refusal of our State to
acknowledge her liability for the payment of the
Union Bank bonds. And a disclaimer has been
made, that, in alluding to this question, any personal
reflection was aimed at her Representatives on this
floor. Then it follows that the State of Mississippi
has been attacked for her conduct in her sovereign
and independent character; and, as the Represent-
ative of her people, I claim the right to be heard.
But my teinarks shall Joe purely defensive; and I
will not be betrayed into an assault upon any other
of these sovereign States. Sir, whan any one of
these twenty-six States has acted on any question
pertaining to her internal policy alone, far be it
from me to call in question the propriety of her
conduct, the purity of her motives, or the honor or
honesty of her principles. It shall be enough fer
me to know that the sovereign has willed it. In
monarchical Governments, the principle of law is,
that the King can do no wrong. In these twenty,
six sovereignties, I feel bound to admit that no one
of them can do or has done a dishonorable act.
On the Supreme bench of the United States, the
justices regard the decisions made in any one of the
Slates, by the highest judicial tribunal known to
such State, on any questions involving their muni-
cipal regulations, as binding upon them—not by
statute, but by comity and respect for the authori-
ties of the States. The policy adopted may be un-
wise, may be destructive of their best interests,
but can never be destructive of their honor. This
band o' twenty-six States, with honor untarnished,
will never, I trust, turn against each other and
breathe out the foul breath of suspicion and dis-
trust upon the fair name and good character of
any one of them. The others will explain, pal-
liate, defend, and justify the suspected and slandered
parly. When all others should leave and desert
thera, they will cleave to and maintain each other.
But, instead of this feeling, have we witnessed
no anxiety among some of our sister States, and
even on this floor, to condemn Mississippi for her
late action, and proclaim that condemnation abroad.
Instead of heating her defence with patience and
kindness, like sisters gangrened with jealousy at
her former unrivalled prosperity, they are swift in
the expression of their opinion of her fall, and show
an anxiety that all the w®rld should uncharitably
and unhesitatingly condemn her. Some of the
States who annually rob her, by virtue of your
plundering protective policy, of more than a suffi-
ciency to meet every dollar of interest accruing
from her public debt, seem delighted to proclaim
her dishonor to the world. Treated in this way,
she entertains for all such expressions of sentiment
and attempts at chastisement the most sovereign
and ineffable contempt.
But an effort has been made on this floor, be-
fore the as«emb'ed Representatives of the people
of the United States, to fix a stain upon the fair
escutcheon of Mississippi. She has been charged
with a refusal to pay her honest, just debts. A
refutation of this charge is first required at my
hands.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr.granoer,]
in the discussion a few days since, adroitly evaded
the points presented by my colleague, and endeav-
ored to draw off tbe mind of the House to collateral
and immaterial points. He assumed—1. That the
Legislature and the Gorentot represented the State,,
and, in all their action with others, formed the Stale
of Mississippi. 2. That this Legislature atla Gov-
ernor passed a law which authorized the issue of
$5,000,000 bonds, on the faith and sole responsi-
bility of the State. 3. That, in pursuance of that
law, the Governor signed the amount of bonds,
and affixed the seal of the State thereto, and deliv-
ered them, as bonds of the State, to the Union
Bank. 4. That the Union Bank, as the agent of
the State, sold the bonds at par, and received the
money for and in behalf of the Slate; and, there-
fore, that the State, now that the money is squan-
dered, is bound in good faith to acknowledge and
pay the bonds.
• I hope I state the gentleman's points fairly.
In reply, I deny that the Legislature and Gov-
vernor represent the sovereignty of Mississippi, in
an unqualified sense. We have a constitution;
and that is the paramount law. That constitution
ha5 expressly forbidden the Legislature from doing
certain things. It has fixed certain limits beyond
which the Legislature cannot go, and bind the peo-
ple legally or morally. Every friend of constitu-
tional government will yield this position. With
the most liberal construction of State constitutions,
then, I will say that the Legislature and Governor
can act for the State in performing everything
which is not denied to them by the constitution;
and everybody is bound to know what powers are
denied to them.
In the second place, I deny that the Legislature
ever passed a law which authorized the Governor
of that State to subscribe for $5,000,000 of stock in
the Union Bank, for and in behalf of the State; to
issue the bonds of the State therefor, and pledge
the faith of the State for their payment. It is true,
a bill to that effect passed three several readings in
the Legislature of 1838; but an express clause in
our constitution, which has been read by my col-
league, says such a bill shall not be a law, and
receive the sanction and effect of law, until it has
passed two consecutive Legi.latures,and beenpub-
lished in the mean time in three newspapers of the
State. When the Legislature of 1838 adjourned,
this bill had been read three times, and it was in
the way of becoming a law; but that Legislature
refused 10 submit the law to the people, upon mo-
tion made in accordance with the requirements of
the constitution; and adjourned, leaving it among
the acts of that session. At that time, that bill
was no more a law than is the bill upon your table
creating an exchequer—having been read twice,
and the Constitution requiring it to be read three
times. The constitution of Mississippi required
such a law—pledging the faith of the State—to be
read six times; three times by each Legislature.
And to call such a bill, when it has been read
three times, a law, is a most intolerable fraud in
legislation.
In the third place, I deny that the Governor is-
sued the bonds of the State when he signed his
name to these Union Bank bonds, and affixed the
seal of the State thereto; because there was no
law authorising the issue of the bonds of the State,
for the purpose of taking stock in the Union Bank
for the State. What he did, therefore, was with-
out authority, and in fraud of the people's rights;
and therefore null and void.
In the fourth place, I deny that the bank was
the agent of the State in selling and disposing of
her bonds. For, though the Legislature has an
undoubted right to create a banking corporation;
and though a law may be constitutional in part,
and thus far valid, while it is unconstitutional in
other patts; yet, as the State had passed no law for
tbe issue of these bonds, the Governor had exe-
cuted them without authority. He disposed of
them by delivery to the bank without authority;
the bank xeceived tfaeia without authority, and dis-
