178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843,
27th Cong*"«3d Sbss.
As&WUplion of State Debts—Mr. J. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
posed of them to Mr. Biddle without authority
from the people of the State of Mississippi.
Now, sir, here is the whole !casfe: Certain bonds
are out, signed by A. G-. SIcNutt, and having the
great seal of the State affixed thereto; and, when
•these are presented, I admit a prima facie case is
made out against the State. We plead non est fac-
tum. We s&y they are not our act and deed; and
iupon this issue we stand before the world. The
■burden, of proof is upon us, and we show our con-
Jitittxtion is the supreme law. To pledge the faith
t>J the State, a bill must be read six times—three
times by each consecutive Legislature. The pre-
tended law, in pursuance of which the bonds in
question were issued, was never read but three
times; and therefore was a bill then pending, and
not a law. We look into the contract of the sale
of these bonds, and we find that the purchaser had
siot constructive, but actual notice of the provisions
of the constitution, and the defectiveness of the law;
for these facts are imbodied in the contract be-
tween the agents of the bank and the purchaser.
We therefore say, Yeu dealt with the bank; you
did not trust the State; these are not our bonds;
and, to admit them as such, would not only do vio-
lence to our fundamental law, but be admitting an
untruth.
This is the position assumed by the State, in her
Legislature. In these positions, I believe in my
conscience she is right.
This is not the position occupied by Governor
McNutt, whose course has been animadverted
upon with so much severity. And I wish to in-
form the gentleman from New York, that Gover-
nor McNutt is not the State of Mississippi, and
that the Legislature has not adopted his reasoning
in resisting tbe acknowledgment of these bonds.
As Governor McNutt signed the bonds, he cannot
deny his authority, which the people do. But his
position is this: He alleges, (and with truth,) that
he delivered these bonds to the bank as escrows,
to be valid against the State on the performance
of certain conditions precedent: one was, that the
bonds should not be sold below par. He con-
tends (and the lact is so) that the bonds were sold
below par, having been sold on a credit, and the
bands bearing interest from dale. Another point
is, that the bonds, by the endorsement of the bank,
were made sterling bonds, in violation of the law of
their creation. He farther contends that there
was fraud and collusion in the sale of the bonds;
and, as the Executive of the State, he officially in-
formed the purchasers of his belief of the exist-
ence of fraud, and of his determination to resist
their payment, Years have transpired since that
time; and yet the bond-holders have made no et-
fort to disprove these allegations.
Section 10 of the general provisions of tbe con-
stitution is in these words: "The Legislature shall
direct by law in what manner and in what courts
suits may be brought against the State." In pur-
suance of this provision, a law was passed giving
this jurisdiction to our court of chancery; and an
appeal can be taken by either party to the high
court of errors and appeals. I believe all the
judges upon the bench, in the chancery and court of
errors and appeals, are kindly disposed to the pay-
ment of these bends by the State. Why, then,
have not the holders of these condemned bonds-
come before these courts, and met these charges?
The courts areopen, and they have declined to vin-
dicate their rightful possession of the bonds in a legit-
imate way. They prefer to get the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Granger] to pour *>ut invective
against Governor McNutt, and slander upon Mis-
sissippi.
[Mr. Granger here interrupted Mr. T.,and said
that he knew no one of the holders of these bonds ]
From this circumstance, however, the presnnop-
tion is strong, if the conclusion is not inevitable
that the bond-holders dared not come to the is>ue.
But why attack Governor McNutt? He is not
the acting Governor of Mississippi. He is a pri-
vate citizen. Nor was he the candidate when the
people decided this questi n. The present chief
magistrate ot that State wj> , at that memorable
era, (1838,) a member of the State Senate. He
resisted then, with bis strong and vigorous intel-
lect, the panic and distress feeling which governed
the Legislature. When that body read this sup-
plement the third time, and refused to submit it to
the people, he entered his solemn protest upon the
journal of the Senate against the measure, as un-
constitutional. This protest was published in most
of our papers, and the purchasers of the bonds
must have known the fact; and, in the year 1841,
the people called him from private life, against his
interest and his inclination; and, in spite of his
protestations to the contrary, into the chief magis-
tracy of the State, as the representative and imbodi-
uxent of the sentiments and feelings of the people
on this question. On this question he took the high
ground of constitutionality, on which the contest of
1841 turned.
We think we owe it to the cause of constitu-
tional liberty to take the course we have pursued.
It has cost the State no little effort to maintain the
integrity of her institutions. We have had, and
still have, obstinate prejudices to encounter; the
frowns and denunciations of the interested to resist;
and the averted looks of some of our best friends.
But our people have never quailed. Slandered and
denounced, we have stood the firmer and the more
resolute in our settled purpose, with the hope that
the day would come when our sister States would
do us full and ample justice. We have passed the
Rubicon; and to Rome we will go. We have the
mem conscia recti; and. we abide our time. But
suppose we are wrong. Suppose our position is un-
tenable; yet you must confess that we are frank,
manly, fearless, and above disguise. You must
admit, if we are sinners—which I emphatically
deny—we are bold sinners. Our courage must
command your respect, though our course may net
meet your approbation. We do not mean to
promise and deceive, when we do not mean to pay;
we do not intend to sneak" out of our liabilities;
we do not intend to read homilies about the
sanctity of contracts, and fulfil none of our
own. There are ten States of this Union, and
©ne Territory, now under protest; there are six
more that borrowed money during the last year to
meet the demands upon their treasury. There
are seven that owe no debt, and three have passed
thus far unscathed. Why, then, is there such a
disposition to pounce upon my State? Our case
will not answer as a-precedent for any of you to
repudiatejour just debts. No State in the Union
has such a horror of debt; and no State had endeavor-
ed so much to guard its people against debt as Mis-
sissippi. It was said by the gentleman from New
York that he would not complain if we were to
plead insolvency. If we would trample our con-
stitution under foot, and acknowledge a null and
void obligation, he would be eontent; but it was
shameful to rely upon such obsolete ideas as the
constitution. What we promise, we expect to
pay; snd when we do not expect to pay, we will
not promise. And 1 can say to the gentleman
from Maryland, there is one pass to which we
will never come—there is one degree of self-abase-
ment, at which the proud spirit of every Mississip-
pian, be he Whis; or Democrat, will start back
from with shuddering and dismay. Mississippi,
by or through any one of her Representatives, will
never prostrate herself before the footstool of
Federal power, and say, with a dogged and craven
feeling, Pay ray debs, or I will disgrace myself by
repudiation; steal I must, if you do not give me
money enough to keep me from starvation. If
Mississippi cannot pay her debts, the whole affair
shall be her own. She will scorn to involve
others with her. She will suffer in silence the dis-
credit and dishonor, if such it may be considered;
but she wilPnever a«k her sister States to bear Iter
burdens . If she has none of that spirit by which
she could raise men to Heaven, I thank God she
has none of that other spirit, by which she would
dras angels down.
The gentl:man from Maryland said that the
issue was relief or repudiation. But I say, As-
sume the drbts cf the States to tbe amount of
poo ,000 000 in the way proposed, and the issue
m this Givernment will be repudiation. And here,
in advance, in my place, I avow the sentiment—
that, in the event of that assumption, I am for an
open, unqualified, and immediate repudiation of
the whole mass. Now, sir, let that be writlen
down as the opinion and unalterable resolve
of one Representative on this floor. Should
that vast Trojan horse, with the engines of
destruction concealed in his cavity, be intro-
duced into this hall through a breach of the
Constitution—the solid walls which fortify our
liberty—there is no escape but in repudiation. If
that remedy be not applied, this happy and glori-
ous Union will soon be forever severed in twain*
The people of this country will never submit that
the just shall suffer for the unjust, the prudent for
the imprudent, the wise for the unwise. North
Carolina will never submit to pay the debts of In-
diana; nor will New Jersey agree to pay the debts
of Pennsylvania.
Sir, no man feels more deeply for the Stales
which are involved in debt than I do. No man
sees more clearly the almost utter impossibility for
several of them to extricate themselves from their
financial difficulties. From my inmost heart, I
sympathize with them; but may my tongue cleave
to the roof of my mouth—may this heart (which,
I trust, beats with some little patriotism) cease to
pulsate—before one word of censure shall escape
these lips, let them adopt what policy soever they
may deem best. I doubt not their honor; and, in
their heavy embarrassments, ihey will do right.
They have been cheated, deceived, misled. They
, have been l.ired, by the ignis Jutuus of bank cred-
its, from the old paths of economy into the quag-
mire of extravagance and profligacy; and now, in
the hour of difficulty, the treacherous phantom
vanishes in'o thin air. I will stand by the States;
and I will •palliate, excuse, and (as far as may be)
justify their conduct. All of them together, and
each separately, form my country: and the lan-
guage of my heart 15, May rny country be always
right; but, right or wrong, I will always stand by
my country.
It is true, I say, that I cannot see how many of
the States can pay their debts. No civilized na-
tion, except this young giant, ever yet paid a for-
eign debt of any considerable amount. In some
of the States, the exports—the surplus produce car-
ried out of the State and sold—are about equal to
the annual interest to be paid by such States. This
interest will be so much subtracted from the active
circulation. It is taken away, and no return is
made for it. The rents and profits of farms, in-
stead of being spent in their improvement and en-
largement, will be carried away to the foreign
lords of the manor. By ibis process, in a few
years, the whole country would be involved in ir-
retrievable and intolerable ruin. Tbe entire debt
of the States and cities, and Federal Government,
is $279,388,760. The interest on this amount is
#14,893,832 The whole export of domestic prod-
uce, in 1841, from the United States, was $106,-
000,000. Of this amount, 14 per cent, is to be
paid for interest. This will exceed by far the prof-
its on the export. It amounts to 85 cents on every
barrel of flour, ?nd $4 25 on every bale of cotton.
Sir, it is evident that it cannot be paid. The ef-
fort will most surely involve us more deeply in
distress and bankruptcy.
Mr. Speaker, 1 verily believe that, with the ex-
ception of the United State*, there is scarcely a civ-
ilized naiion in the world able to pay her debts-
Suppose the interest on the Englit-h d-bt payable
abroad for one year; at the end of that time, that
supercilious and haughty Government would be
brought low in the dust, and would become one
splendid but desolate wreck. Her bank circula-
tion is not quite .£20,000,000. The atr.ount of her
annual taxation is about .£60,000 000, or $300,-
000,000. Her annual interest is ,£30,000,000, or
ne=ir $150,000,000. Now, suppose this entire sum.
of interest were due the lot day of January, 1844,
to be paid to France or this country, Great Britain
would be drained of every dollar of bullion she
possessed, and, on the day of payment, there would
be an awful cash of her whole paper system. The
purchase of foreign corn, a few years since, caused
such a drain ot bullion, as to shake th« Bank of
England to its centra. Her advantage now is, that
her debt—near $4,000,000,000—-is due at home,
and in the payment of tax, and then of debt, the
paper money of the kingdom, based upon the
credit of the Government, flows in a circle, ab 
