ge&.i8*a: 
gf-ria Coiife-'-'SD Sess.
imavm* to the congressional slobe.
m
Hill to suspend 2d section of Apportionment act—Mr. Campbell.
H. oi Reps.
enable the peopls of those States where no
Juovjapns have been made for district elections, and
pttrticijlarly of those States where the people have
had flo opportunity of conforming to the law, to be
^presented at the commencement of the next Con-
gress.
It was true, he had been informed, previous to the
final passage of the apportionment law, that in some
of the States the elections would be held under the
existing regulations, previous to the regular time of
the meeting of their Legislatures; but, in endeavor-
ing to obtain the passage of a law which contained
principles, as he thought, vital to the existence of
our institutions, he was unwilling to encumber it
with details, suggested by the accidental condition
of things that existed in some of the States. Nor
did he suppose that any evil would probably result
from Such a course, beyond the expenses of an extra
session of the Legislature in States so situated—an
expense that would have been tenfold compensated
to those having it to pay, by affording them an op-
portunity of being represented in the next Congress
by Representatives freely chosen by themselves, and
elected upon principles in conformity with the
principles of the Constitution.
j Mr. C. here expressed his disappointment, sur-
prise) and regret, that persons who had been elevated
to the chief magistracy, under the free institutions
of any of the States of this Union, should manifest
such a contempt for the opinions of the people by
whom they were elevated, as to decide for them,
instead of allowing them to decide for themselves
the momentous question of whether they would,
or would not, be represented in the 28th Congress
in conformity to the provisions of the existing
law. Such, however, had unfortunately been the
case. In two of the States, from the Governors re-
fusing to call an extra session of their respective
Legislatures, the elections have come on under cir-
cumstances in which the people have had no pos-
sible opportunity of deciding this important question
for themselves. In another State, the same evil
would certainly occur. Persons, thus chosen con-
trary to law, will present themselves at the bar of
the next House of Representatives claiming admis-
sion to seats; and, considering the party aspect
which the subject has unfortunately and unaccount-
ably assumed, unless this bill or one of a similar
character is adopted, a collision will probably occur,
such as has never before been witnessed in a legis-
lative hall—a collision which, however little we may
care for the consequences of it, to ourselves personal-
ly, it is the part of wisdom and of patriotism rather to
avoid, than voluntarily and unnecessarily encounter;
particularly as such a collision will rather endan-
ger than insure the triumph of those great conserva-
tive principles, which the universal adoption of the
districting clause of the apportionment law will
establish and perpetuate; and which he believed not
only to be important, but essential to the existence
of our institutions.
Among the considerations which could not fail
to recommend the districting clause of the appor-
tionment law to the confidence of the American
people, he enumerated:
1st. Its importance in restoring uniformity in
elections, and equality of political influence in the
House of Representatives to the citizen population
of the different States.
2d. The preservation of the freedom of elections,
which could not exist where the general-ticket system
prevailed, and where the dearest, most sacred, blood-
bought right of American citizens—that of voting
for persons of their own choice to represent them—
was reduced to the poor privilege of sanctioning at
the polls the edicts of a few political jugglers, who
form themselves into a self-constituted oligarchy,
to rule and direct the elections of the Slate.
3d. Its importance in restoring the Democratic
principle of the Government, now entirely destroyed
wherever the general-ticket system prevails.
4th. To preserve the influence of the small States
from being engulphed in the vortex of the universal
adoption of the general-ticket system-—a crisis to
■which we were rapidly hastening, and to which,
hut for the action of Congress, we would soon have
arrived,
5th. To enable minorities to be represented,
which was essential to freedom in a representative
Government; and whose voice is entirely silenced in
this hall, from all the States where the general ticket
prevails.
6th. To preserve the representation of feelings,
and interests, and opinions, from different sections
of the country, without respect to geographical lines;
and thus to guard against those concentrated move-
ments of the North against the South and the South
against the North; the first effect of which would
be the oppression of the minority section, and ulti-
mately the dissolution of the Union.
These, and other considerations, cannot fail
to recommend the districting clause of the ap-
portionment law to the confidence of the people, and,
if left to operate upon their unbiased judgments,
must insure to it universal approbation. Let us
not, then, (said Mr. C.) jeopard, by an attempt at
coercion, what we shall certainly obtain by a course
of conciliation. This Government originated, and
must be maintained, in a spirit of conciliation and
compromise. It rests upon the confidence and
affections of the people for its support; and every
difference of opinion, honestly entertained, is entitled
to be treated with respect. If, then, the delusion still
unhappily prevails in some of the States, that this
law of Congress is an aggression on Stale Tights,
time for reflection, and not an attempt at coercion,
is our remedy. And when the people become con-
vinced (as they soon will, if causes of excitement are
removed) that the action of Congress has not re-
lieved the State Legislatures from the obligations
imposed upon them by the Constitution, they will
demand the adoption of such regulations as are
necessary to carry it into effect.
If the bill under consideration be adopted, all im-
mediate excitement will subside, and the law will go
quietly, peacefully, and universally into operation.
If the bill is not adopted, the spirit of resistance will
be kept alive, and perhaps the ultimate fate of the
law itself be rendered doubtful. But even if at the
next session of Congress it should be trampled m
the dust by a party majority, he had the consolation
to believe that the enormities of the general-ticket
system being now laid before the country, and the
attention of the people attracted to them, it would
be universally repudiated, and our institutions saved
from the evils under which they were laboring from
its partial, and the danger of still greater evils to
which they were exposed from its universal adop-
tion. The seed is sown, and has taken root; which,
whether the districting clause is treated as a nullity,
or repealed, or remains upon the statute-book, will
produce through all the States, in a my few years, the
adoption of its principles.
There were other considerations which demanded
imperatively the passage of this bill. Under^ the
present depressed state of the demand for agricul-
tural products, everything like a speculative demand
for the public lands has terminated. Add to this,
that under the pressure of the existing system of
exorbitant cash duties, our import trade had rapidly
declined; and it was certainly probable that an
empty treasury and an indebted Government
would, at the next meeting of Congress, demand the
immediate attention of the House of Representa-
tives.
Gentlemen cannot have forgotten the scene which
occurred here at the commencement of the 26th
Congress, when, in consequence of the difference of
opinion that existed in relation to the election re-
turns from the State of New Jersey, party feeling
was excited to a degree of phrensy, that silenced for
a time the voice of reason and moderation; and more
than three weeks were spent in scenes of tumult,
before this House was organized. If difficulties in
the election from a single State were sufficient to
produce this effect, what may we not expect when
persons claiming to be the Representatives of three
or four States, not elected in conformity to law, shall
claim to be admitted to seats?
Confident as he was of the constitutionality of
the existing law, he could have no hesitation, how-
ever disagreeable it might be if its operation was
not suspended, to reject the pretensions of every per-
son not elected in conformity to its provisions. But
what he conceived to be the path of duty was not
equally plain to others; and he could not" forget £ne
threats that had been made by its opponents, to treat
it as a nullity, and trample it under foot. Hotrusteid
that such an outrage would never be perpetrated ou
the floor of an American Congress; but, in the pres-
ent slate of party feeling, he could notdotiBE-'fKAt
party enthusiasts would be returned to the jfext
Congress, who would endeavor to carry this threat
into execution, and who, if they succeed in nothing
else, may at least produce confusion and delay.
Sir, (said Mr. C'.,) I do not repudiate the existence
of party. On the contrary, when stimulated by
patriotism, and controlled by reason, I acknowledge
its benefits in the administration of the affairs of
Government. But when these barriers are broken
down, and party becomes the mere plaything of pas-
sions that contend against and inflame each other—
of resentments that seek for gratification, and of
ambition that looks to its own aggrandizement—it lias
ever been, and will ever be, the bane of. Republics.
Sir, if the fate of this Republic could be written .on
the walls of this Capitol, as was the fate of Babylon
on the palace of her kings,—party—party—party
would be the inscription.
If this bill, offered in a spirit of conciliation, did
not pass, he hoped that the friends of order would
march to the polls with a banner on which shall be
engraved "The Constitution and laivs passed in
conformity thereto-" and that every candidate for
Congress will be called upon to declare before tlie
people whether he intends to resist by force the ex-
isting law, at the risk of turning this hall of legis-
lation into a scene of tumult, and confusion, and
perhaps of bloodshed. The opponents of the dis-
tricting clause of the apportionment law may be
assured, let them be ever so determined to trample
it under foot, that there will be others here equally
determined to maintain it. The bill under consid-
eration afforded a common ground, upon which the
friends and opponents of the ineasuie might meet
without any surrender of principle; and while its
adoption would remove the danger of the dreadful
conflict that may otherwise occur at the next session
of Congress, it will insure the ultimate triumph of
the law itself. He also supposed the possibility of
an extra session of Congress; and asked if the House
of Representatives would not present a most inter-
esting spectacle, if it should pass the entire time, that
ought to be devoted at such a session to the interests
I g)f the country, in vain attempts to organize? The
only possible means of avoiding the danger of such
a result, was to adopt the bill under consideration,
or one of a similar character.
He would now reply to the objection that had
been suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Tursey,] since he had commenced addressing
the House, and to which the gentleman requested
an answer, to wit: "That Congress has no right, by
law, to affect the validity of elections that had al-
ready occurred." Mr. C. had anticipated this ob-
jection, and thought that he was prepared to give to
it a satisfactory answer; and, although he admitted
that Congress was notcompetent by law to declare
an election void, that was good at the time that it
occurred, he insisted that the converse of the propo-
sition was not true.
Congress, clearly, has no right by law to declare
an act penal, which was not so when performed;_ for
such a law would be ex post facto in its operation,
and unconstitutional. But, although Congress has
not the power to make an act penal, which was in-
nocent when performed, it has an indisputable right,
for good and sufficient reason, to remit from a penal-
ty that has been incurred: provided that, by so doing,
no private right, nor the rights of any community,
are injuriously affected. Congress has the right, for
example, to remit penalties that have been incurred
by attempted violations of the revenue laws. And, in
further illustration of his position, he had alluded to
a petition which had been submitted by certain
railroad companies, to suspend the operation of that
part of the tariff act which required that all iron
laid down after the 4th of March next should pay
duty. Wo one had denied, or could deny, that Con-
gress had the right to grant the relief asked for m
this petition, which he insisted might be done by
