184
APPENDIX TO ffJF C0NGRE8810N * L GLOBli
Jan. 1843.
■17 i b Cofta 3d Skss.
'I he Exchequer—Air. Pendleton.
H. of Reps.
law supreme, and a constitutional United States
law subordinate.
We are also told, Mr. Speaker, in this report,
with some pomp and circumstance, "that in all
communities, and in every form in which currency
exists, whether as coined money or as paper rep-
resentative of it, and whether this be issued by
banks or by public authority directly, the question
of the currency of the country and that of its fiscal
affairs aTe inseparable facts." The committee has
deemed it consistent with this strong affirmation to
recognise by this twelfth section the authority of
the States to separate finance from currency; and
compelling them to tolerate the one, allows them to
reject the other. But, if they be inseparable facts, it
is because they are so blended as not to be capable
of severance, without injury, if not destruction, to
both; because so dependent each up&n the other,
that they cannot exist in a separate state; and yet
this fatal separation you permit, if you did not in-
vite the States to make it.
We are further informed in the report, that "the
radical difficulty in the whole matter of the cur-
rency" is, "that of the sovereign function to make,
issue, and regulate money, (or its substitute,) the
States possess a part in common with the General
Government." The exercise by the States of this
sovereign function is, by the report, if not in ex-
press terms, yet by the strongest implication, de-
nounced a usurpation. This usurpation the bill
proposes to legalize; for, of a paper currency, otie
of the most important regulations regards its
amount or quantity; and, of the sovereign function
to make this regulation, you divest yourself, and,
by this twelfth section, (to the extent, at all events,
of one-half) you transfer it to the States. This
"radical difficulty," then, is only staled by the com-
mtttee in their report, to be confirmed and perpetu-
ated in the bill.
In a similar spirit we are told, in the report, that
the Federal Government can provide a national
paper currency of "adequate quantity;" but, by the
Dill, the State Governments, in direct opposition to
the Federal Government, are made the ultimate
judges, within certain limitations, of this adequate
quantity.
The committee quotes, with approbation, the
assertion of Mr. Dallas of the power of the Govern-
ment to "supply and maintain a paper medium of
exchange;" and yet, sir, by their bill, they put it m
the power of the States to cutoff this supply as ca-
price or passion may dictate.
Mr. Speaker, I care not what set of words is
used; I care not how the phrase may run; this 13th
■section does, in fact, confer upon the State Legisla-
tures a negative upon parts of this bill. Andintfjk
what part of the Constitution do strict construction-""
ists (it is they who insist upon this State-right fea-
ture) find authority for this Government to give
power to the State Legislatures'! If the States
have this authority by their own constitutions, or
by the Constitution of the United States, your law
is superfluous; if they have it not, it is inoperative.
But why give the States a negative upon parts
only of this hill'? Why not upon the whole of it!
Why may they not exclude from your exchequer
public as well as private deposites"! There are no
degrees of constitutionality. You assert your power
to confer upon the exchequer authority to receive
both, and yet admit that the States have the power
to exclude one.
I will not affect ignorance, Mr. Speaker, of the
reason which I presume will be given for this dis-
tinction—that Congress, having authority to lay and
collect duties, &c., may provide a place for their
deposite. But it will be recollected that this same
power to lay and collect duties is one of the sources
indicated in the report from which is deduced the
power to provide and secure a national paper cur-
rency—the great object of the exchequer; and sure-
ly a place for the execution of this lattei power is
as necessary as a place for the deposite of the pub-
lic money.
This section, irreconcilable as it is with the gen-
eral principles of the Constitution, and in direct
opposition to many of the opinions expressed in
the report, was inserted in the bill, beyond all
doubt, to avoid collision with "the fixed constitu-
tional fact."
Mr. Speaker, in mere matters of expediency I
would not be very tenacious of my own opinions;
1 would be willing to yield much to the wishes,
judgments, and honest prejudices, if you please, of
others. In subordinate matters, I would be un-
willing, by an obstinate adherence to preconceived
notions, to hazard the attainment of any great good.
But when asked to surrender the authority of the
Federal Government to execute its own powers—
to give up that part of the Constitution which, more
than any other, distinguishes it from the articles
of Confederation, of which the want of this very
authority was the great defect; when called upon to
throw this Government back upon a miserable and
imbecile dependence upon the State Legislatures;
when invoked to make partition of that authority
which the people conferred upon us, with those to
whom they most wisely denied it,—I cannot but re-
collect there are other fixed constitutional facts
besides the Executive veto. One of those facts is,
that all legislative power under the Constitution is
conferred upon Congress; which power each mem-
ber is sworn to execute in accordance with the
Constitution. Pari of those legislative powers—
those from which are claimed, andproperly claimed,
for this Government, the authority to provide a
national paper currency—are enumerated in the re-
port. This bill, in execution of that power, pro-
vides such a currency; this power we are sworn to
execute ourselves; that oath is a perpetual interdict
to the surrender .of that power, no matter at whose
bidding, no matter for what purpose.
This bill recognises two kinds of currency—gold
and silver coin, and paper. For reasons given in
the report—its cheapness and facility of remittance—
the paper, it is supposed, will be more desirable,
and therefore more valuable, than the coin. If this
he true, the convenience which this paper curren-
cy is intended to afford the treasury will be lost.
Commercial sagacity will absotb, if not the whole,
the greater part of it in commercial exchanges,
and leave the Government to a more cumbrous and
expensive coin.
Having touched upon some of the objectionable
points in the plan of an exchequer reported by the
committee, permit me to call your attention to that
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The remarks which I have already made upon the
one, are equally applicable to the same provisions
of the other. As a mode of attaining the great ob-
ject proposed by these hills, as a mere measure of
finance and currency, the scheme of the Secretary
has great advantages over that of the committee.
With the latter, it authorizes the exchequer at the
seat of Government, and its agencies in the States,
to receive private deposites of gold and silver coin
and bullion, and to issue certificates therefor; the
amount on deposite at any one time never to ex-
ceed fifteen millions of dollars. For the safekeep-
ing of the specie, and issuing the certificate, a
premium not exceeding one-half per cent, may be
charged. This charge to the depositor, I think,
will exclude from the vaults of the exchequer the
coin of individuals, so long as the banks continue
to do what they always have done—receive such
deposites, and i«sue such certificates, free of ex-
pense The committee, in their bill, made these
certificates of individual deposites receivable at the
treasury inpayment of all dues to the United States,
while that of the Secretary excludes them. Thus
discredited by the Government, they must be at a
discount in market; and 1 le.ave it to the financier-
ing skill which devised the project, to point out the
collateral advantages which led to the belief that
individuals would deposite gold and silver, and re-
ceive in exchange depreciated paper. These cer-
tificates, with this fatal mark of exclusion upon
them, are intended as a circulation Sor the people;
thus recognising and legalizing one of the practical
results, and one of the most odious features of the
sub-treasury—one currency for the Government,
and another for the people. Sir, under these cir-
cumstances, there is no risk in the prediction that
the anticipated deposites will never be made, and
all expectations of relief from that quarter will be
utterly disappointed.
In addition to this, the Secretary proposes to issue
fifteen millions of dollars, in the form of treasury
notes, upon a basis of five millions of specie, with
a power reserved to the Secretary of the Treasury
to enlarge that basis to ten millions, by creating a
Government stock redeemable in twenty years.
These treasury notes being authorized, it was ne-
cessary to provide some mode by which they could
be put and kept in circulation. For this purpose,
the officers of the exchequer are directed to make
payment of all drafts upon them (at the option of
the creditor) in gold and silver coin, or treasury
notes; and it is declared lawful for the board of ex-
chequer, and each of its agencies, to purchase do-
mestic bills of exchange, under certain regulations.
The said board and its agencies are also authorized
to draw bills or drafts on each other, and to sell
such bills or drafts at a premium not to exceed two
per cent. Now, Mr. Speaker, in order to fonn
some probable conjecture how this measure will
work, as one of finance and currency, (its political
bearings I shall examine-hereafter,) let us look at
the apparatus intended to produce these great re-
sults.
There is established in the Treasury Depart-
ment, at the seat of Government, a -board, to be
called the exchequer of the United States, to be
composed of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Treasurer ol the United States, and three com-
missioners, to be appointed by the President, with
the consent of the Senate. The Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to appoint all such inferior
officers as, in the judgment of theboard, the trans-
action of its business may'require. The board Of
exchequer is also authorized to establish such
agencies or offices as it may judge expedient, not
exceeding two in any State or Territory; and the
Secretary of the Treasury is also authorized, -upon
the recommendation of the board, to appoint such
officers and agents as the said board may determine
to be necessary for the transaction of its business.
Theboard is also authorized to fix the compensa-
tion of such officers. The exchequer and its offi-
cers, thus organized, are declared to be the gen-
eral agents of the Government of the United
States for receiving, safekeeping, and disbursing
the public moneys, and transferring and transmit-
ting the same. The exchequer is also authorized
to receive private deposites, as we have seen, to the
amount of #15,000,000; to issue treasury notes to
the amount of 815,000,000; and to purchase domes-
tic bills of exchange, with no other limit than their
ability to pay for them.
This, sir, is a concise but accurate description
of the exchequer. Let us suppose it in full opera-
tion. There are, then, the board at Washington,
and fifty-eight agencies distributed through the
States, having in their custody and control, either
on deposite or in circulation, $42,000,000, for
which the Government of the United States is at
all times responsible; and this sum does not in-
clude the ordinary daily accruing revenue. I
would not exaggerate the number of persons ne-
cessary to the transaction of all this business.
When the estimates shall come in from'the Treas-
ury for the payment of their salaries, you will
find they will far exceed three hundred. Suppose
them to be that number, he must have more faith
in the integrijy and rapacity of revenue officers
than I have, who has confidence in a scheme of
finance dependent for its success -upon finding
these qualities, in an eminent degree, in so large
a number of men. Sir, we have bills upon our
calendar for the release of the sureties of default-
ing officers, which may give us some wholesome
admonitions upon this subject. It is not a very
violent presumption, nor one at which I suppose
the Administration or its friends will take fire,
that these appointments will be made from politi-
cal considerations. The removal of Jonathan
Roberts is a pregnant proof of that. Officers thus
appointed can scarcely be supposed to act from
higher motives than those which led to their se-
lection. The fate of Jonathan Roberts will pre-
vent that. Political considerations, then, it may
be safely assumed, will not be entirely without
their influence in determining the direction of
exchequer facilities, and who e bills of exchange
shall be purchased. Securities of this description
are not generally considered the most valuable
among cautious and considerate men. When to
this temptation—to look beyond the mere value
of the bill—.we add the consideration that these
men have no pecuniary interest in the transactions
they control, and that they bear no part of the loss,
if loss en^ue; we can scarcely, I think, avoid the
conclusion, that this boasted plan is destined to as
signal a failure as its equally boasted predeces-
sors.
But, sir, if this plan be thus full of risk, as a mere
matter of do lars and cents, how will you estimate
its danger as si political engine1? It has long been
the policy of the Whigs, and it is the true policy
of the country, to restrain and circumscribe Execu-
tive power. The President being the constitutional
commander-in-chief of ihe army and navy, it has
been justly deemed of the last importance to re-
move, as far as possible, from his control, the treas-
ure of the nation. It has grown into a maxim of
free government, that the purse and the swor4
