Fef>; 184$:
APPEND!* TO Tftfc CONGRESSIONAL GL<HB&
rss'
■£7th Cong......3d Sess.
On funding Trenmry Notes — Mr. IVondhury.
Senate.
sfcftiM not be intrusted to the same hands. So
ieilpus were the framers of the Constitution of this
tjofcin, that they expressly provided that no appro-
minion, of money, to raise and support armies,
s'hdttld be made for a longer time than two years.
Look at the immense sums of money which this
bill at- all times places in the hands of officers de-
pendent upon the President for their appointment,
pnd at every moment subject to his power of re-
moval. Do you expect, independent action from
Sieii thus situated1! You will be disappointed. The
control of the officer is the control of the fund.
Tftey are his officers, and, with rare exceptions,
will do his bidding. We opposed the sub-treas-
nry—I did, at least—because of this very increase
of power which it conferred upon the President.
Ili comparison with this, that fiscal agent was abso-
lutely impotent. The sub-treasury had no author-
ity to receive private deposites, to issue treasury
notes, or to grant pecuniary favors, in shape of bills
of exchange, in return tor political support. In the
coiirse of the ordinary business of the Government,
there would seldom have been in the treasury at
onetime more than fiye or six millions of dollars,
and that at every moment liable to treasury drafts.
This same amount, and under the same liabilities,
will be in deposite in the exchequer, besides the
private deposites and specie basis of the treasury
riotes; which being necessarily of a more perma-
oelit character, will be less frequently called for,
and therefore more exposed to be withdrawn and
squandered.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cush-
lNb,] feeling the force of this objection, has attempt-
ed wobviate it by saying, "You could have nothing
that was to exert a useful activity without power.
If you excluded power, you at once excluded ac-
tion. Did you want useful action, how was it to
be had without power1? To refuse power was to
enjoin inactivity. In any possible mode of man-
aging the finances of such a nation as this, power
was unavoidable; there must be power." Such
phrases as these were never wanting to calm the
ftars and lull the suspicions of a jealous people;
under cover of them, usurpation has ever made its
sure advances. Admitting their truth as general
propositions, I beg leave to say they do not meet
the case, or remove the objections. That some
power is necessary, was never denied; that is not
the question. Does not this bill confer upon the
President more power than is necessary to the
accomplishment of its object] That is the true
question. If so, then the power is excessive; and
all will agree that it is the duty of Congress to re-
fuse it. By the veto, the President controls the
legislation of Congress; give him the exchequer,
and he will control the money of the people. W hat
other power is wanting to constitute him a despot1?
Another gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] speaking of the report of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, complains th.it they seem
unwilling to place any confidence m the honesty of
public officers; and to show that such confidence
may be safely extended to them, he disregards the
numerous instances of recent defalcations in our
own country, which had no doubt awakened the
suspicions of the committee, and quotes Montes-
quieu, who says that fear is the basi* of despotic
governments, honor of monarchies, r.nd virtue of
republics. Does the honorable gentleman under-
stand the great philosopher to refer to the virtue of
thepeople, or their rulers'? It is fear in the subject,
and not m the king, which is the basis of despot-
ism; and the virtue ofthe people, not of the rulers,
is the basis of republics. The prime virtue of a re-
publican people is an ever-wakeful jealousy of the
power intrusted to the Government; and especially
to place little reliance upon the integrity of treas-
ury agents, through whose hands the public money
passes; and less, if possible, upon the disinterested-
ness of politicians xvho direct its expenditure.
The chairman of the special committee [Mr.
Gushing] tells us he once thought that the exche-
quer would not furnish so safe a depository ofthe
public funds as a bank of the United States; but
adds, "with the ruins in our sight of the old United
States Bank—with the proof of its whole capital
having been squandered—it surely did not become
Congress to sav that such an institution was the
safes! place to keep the public treasure." It cannot
have escaped vour reeol ection, sir, that, at the
extra session in 1841, that gentleman, with the
same ruins in his eyes, and that same proof of
squandered capital before him, voted for two bills
Chartering United States banks, for the avowed
purpose of receiving the public deposites. This
same idea of the insecurity of a bank of the United
States is found in Mr. Forward's report, who ad-
mits, however, that it was always faithful to its
engagements, and that the Government sustained
no loss. 1 marvel that neither of these gentlemen
adverted to the fact that the ruin they deplore was
not of a bank chartered by Congress, but a State
bank of Pennsylvania, -with a capital of thirty-five
millions of dollars, which, within its limited
sphere of operations, it could not legitimately use
in banking, and therefore ran into the wildest
speculations; and that was the cause of its ruin.
This exchequer, Mr. Speaker, is, in everything
but name, a Government bank. This, to be sure,
is denied by its friends, because it is admitted on
all hands that such an institution is full of danger
to the purity of our Government and the liberties
of our people.
That this exchequer will not furnish the relief
anticipated from it, is almost admitted by the Sec-
retary in his report, who says: "The exchequer
can lend money to nobody; it can furnish capital
to no one to begin, carry on, or uphold his busi-
ness;" "all real borrowing and lending is excluded;
and bills are to be taken on such time only as is ne-
cessary for ordinary notice and the usual transmis-
sion of intelligence."
For these reasons, I cannot support these plans,
or either of them.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
In Senate, February 19, 1843—On the amendment
to ihe bill as to treasury notes, proposing to fund
them.
Mr. WOODBURY said that the chairman hav-
ing referred to him as approving the amendment,
it became necessary, in order to prevent misappre-
hension, to state briefly the reasons for his opinion.
He did not wish to fund treasury notes when the
treasury possessed the means of payment, or was
likely soon to have them; or when those in power
were willing logo forward wisely, and raise the
necessary means within the year to discharge the
expenses of the year. But the close of (he session
had now arrived, without a. single effort, on the
part of the majoritv, to raise those means, either
bv a modification of the present injudicious taiiff,
or by any other taxes. This had occurred in the
face of a resolution, passed at the last session of
the Senate, almost or quite unanimously, in these
words:
''Resolved, That it isthc duty of the <3 on era I Government to
provide an adequate revenue within the year to meet the cur*
icnt expenses ol fhe year; and that any expedient, either by
loan or ireasur> notes, 10 supply, m time of peace, ;i drfirier.ry
ot revenue, ^specially du.ing successive yeais, is unwise, and
must lead to pernicious const qncnces."
His own principles, at all times, had been unfa-
vorable to the issue or re-issue of treasury notes,
or to a permanent loan, in time of peace, except in
a temporary exigency; and when addit.onal rev-
enue to meet the notes, as in 1837, was soon ex-
pected; or when, as between that and 1841, all
looked forward to a judicious alteration in the
tariff, at an early day, suited to redeem any notes
which might be outstanding. Indeed, the whole
amount out at several dates during that period,
was only a single million and a fraction; and
at others, two millions and a fraction: while now
it exceeded eleven millions; and now none of
the majority proposed to raise revenue sufficient,
or expressed! any hopes of having revenue suffi-
cient, for many years, to redeem them.
It is another alarming fact, that several millions
of the treasury notes now out are actually due,
and no means whatever are provided which the
Administration intends to apply to their redemp-
tion. It is further manifest to any one who will
take the trouble to examine this subject, that quite
eleven millions of the eleven and a half now out
will fall due within this calendar year. All that
is proposed to be done by the Treasury Department
is, nor to apply the bonowed money to redeem
them as far as it will go—though we permitted it
to be "boirowed for that very object—but to perse-
vere in a system of re-issue and re-issuo, without
the least prospect of final payment, under the exist-
ing laws, for several years.
We had been gravely told in a high quaiter, that,
as the notes were on interest, they might not be
presented for payment; and hence, perhaps, the
department might get along without any provision
whatever. But what should we think of an indi-
vidual,-who made no provision to pay his note or
bond, when falling due, because it was on interest1?
What could be moie negligent and fatal to credit"?
At last, however, it was discovered that, in any
fluctuation of the money market, the whole ofthe
notes might he paid in for duties and lands—or pay-
ment demanded of those due; and thus the treas-
ury be compelled again, and at once, to stop pay-
ment. Hence, the official recommendation now
was to give power to re-issue other notes. This
was better than no hing, but was not enough for
the occasion. Mr. W. was convinced that this
would be mere evasion, and shuffling off, and pro-
crastination, without any expectation or ability
soon to make final payment, It was done, likewise,
at the highest rate (of six per cent.) now, though at
a much lower rate formerly.
On the contrary, a permanent loan could proba-
bly be now effected at five per cent., or five and a
half, and for eight or ten years only; and by au-
thorizing these, or any better terms which can be
obtained, through the adoption of this amendment,
we should save interest—considering the rate now
paid—and (what was much more in importance)
should sustain the national faith honorably. He
conceded that, lor large andpermanentdeficiencies,
a loan like that proposed in the amendment was
only a choice of evils. We had to select between
that, and bankruptcy or financial disgrace. But,
in his view, the true course to meet such deficiencies
was taxation, or a reduction of expenses so as to
have prevented them.
But we had hitherto refused to reduce the ex-
penses sufficiently; we had neglected to tax suffi-
ciently; we had failed to get means enough, by the
panaceas of giving away the land revenue for a
lime, and of making a high protective tariff, instead
of a revenue one.
What, then, was the best measure left1? It was,
in his opinion, to make the loan, rather than tem-
porize longer, and incur the danger of further
discredit, protests, and insolvency, heaped on the
public treasury.
The only remaining doubt about this loan must
be, that some rrmht think the condition of the
treasury so-.flourishing as to be able to redeem these
notes as they fall due, or redeem them as soon as
the next year, by the current revenue. If either of
these were the fact, or were highly probable, he, for
one, would not preier a permanent loan, but a fur-
ther issue or re-issue of notes during-another year.
But, in his view, neither of those events could be
justly anticipated. Neither was pretended to be
probable by the Treasury Department, or by its
umaris on the floor of either House of Congress;
fljPcould any Senator expect either, who would
look a moment at the real, naked condition of the
treasury,—though it had been a matter of so much
exultation with some gentlemen on the other side,
a few days ago, in this body. In truth, so lamenta-
ble was its condition, all admit that the expenses
of thiscalend.a year would not be met without the
use, for that purpose, of the millions of borrowed
money on band, which had been authorized for the
different purpose of redeeming these very notes.
AVhnt, sir1 boast ihat we are able to get along
this year, in profound peace, and after all reforms,
only'bv the help of five or six millions of borrowed
money?—boast that we have been able, at last,
to borrow money, though not till after abandoning
the finances distributed, and reducing our expenses
down to near the standaid proposed by us, and vio-
lently resisted by our opponents, 110 longer ago than
the last session"!
fn proof of this, he would submit two or three
fact*. At this late hour, Mr. W. said he
would omit all unimpoitant details, and merely
say that the whole estimated revenue of the
year, including the lands, was but ©'2,(100,000 inde-
jiendent of the customs. Now, compute these last
at fourteen or sixteen millions, as the Secretary
did la4 December; or at thirteen, as he has since
staled; and every one can see that there will nor.
be enough to pay either of his estimated amount
of expenditures. One of them was at twenty, and
the other at twenty-two millions. How, then, do
he and all his Iriends calculate to meet the ex-
penses nf this calendar year—to say nothing
now of the next half year, for which we have also
made large appropriations with inadequate means'?
I repeat, sir; they expect it solely by the use of
ihe borrowed money on hand the 1st of January,
and that obtained since; and solely, too, by divert-
ing it from its original destination—the redemption
of these very notes, which, in part, we are thu§
