m
APiPlJTBlX TO TWt CO^CmiSSIflNAL GLOftfe;
fail. t$4§.
71 h Con&--'-3u Sf.ss.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr Rayntr.
H. of Reps.
means of obtaining credit be not thus taken away,
and confidence not be destroyed, as I have sup-
posed,—then St must be admitted that the bankrupt
law will tend to the opposite extreme. It will
open the door for rash speculation and heedless
adventure, which will unsettle and disturb the
quiet and peaceful pursuits of life. It is the sense
of responsibility, the fear of irremediable ruin,
that prevents most men from embarking in hazard-
ous enterprises of trade, and compels them to pur-
sue the slow and more certain ends of industry
and economy. Take away these restraints—hold
oat to them the dazzling temptation of speedy
■wealth by hazardous speculation—offer to them the
lure of such easy lelief from accountability, and
the penalties accompanying it,—and what will be
i's effect upon a people as enterprising and adven-
turous as oursl Men will cease laboring with their
hands, and attempt to live by their wits; specula-
tion will run rior through the land; and the sober
avocations of industry be abandoned for the reck-
less pursuit of instant gain. Habits of idleness
and extravagance will thus be contracted; the pub-
lic morals become corrupted; the public mind fa-
miliarized with the idea of discharging obligations
other than by the means of honest industry; and debt
ultimately lose all its terrors for those who have
everything to gain, and nothing to lose by it.
Another serious objection to the bankrupt law is,
that it comes in conflict with, unsettles, and dis-
turbs the various insolvent laws which the respec-
tive States of the Union have adopted for the regu-
lation of their internal police. All the States have
established the relations of debtor and creditor, in
accordance with the peculiar opinions of each.
This is a most important subject of legislation,
■which varies in every State according to the pecu-
liar interests and pursuits of its people. It is in-
dispensable to good government and domestic pros-
perity that these relations of debtor and creditor
should be clearly delined, and settled on a firm and
stable basis; for they are more or less interwoven
with the whole system of jurisprudence in every
State of the Union. Any general system, there-
fore, which comes in conflict with these various
regulations in the respective States, must, in a
measure, distuib their whole system* of internal
policy; jostle against (he peculiar pursuits and
habits of their people; and thus be the means of
perpetual annoyance and vexation. It is ihc poli
cy of some of the States that a very enlarged and
liberal system of credit should prevail, that eveiy
stimulus should he given to enterprise and adven-
ture; of others, that these should be restrained
within more moderate limits. Some State-; >(§kr
deem it their policy to visit the severest penaltiUK
a failure to discharge liabilities incurred others
may consider it thepau of humanity to extend a
much greater degree of lenity to the unlbrttm.iKi
debtor. Some State-, are. commercial, some manu-
facturing, some agricultural. Experience mny
have proven that these various m.eioi-ts require
different relations of dc htor and creditor, in order
to the:r smve-jfui pursuit. When we reflect that
debts and liabilities in every State have been con-
tracted with a view to the domestic policy and regu-
lations of each, so far as the rights of'the ctedi-
for and the responsibility of rfc debto'- etc con-
cerned, it should be ,-i must nnivriotis ea'e c.f ne-
cessity which should r.t.iure ihc Geneial Govern-
jnentto mterpos-e and distuib the=e various lobula-
tions, even temporarily, fur the lemoval of'm
overwhelming evil—such an evil as did. c^ist
when (he bankrupt law was pr.ssetf and whi. h it
was intended to remedy. And, eiwlo1* to the
causes I have mentioned, I doubt yeiy much
whether, under any circumstances, a uniform
bankrupt law ever should become a permanent
part of our system of national jurisprudence.
There is another reason—a strontr reason, too—
which tyill induce me to vote for the reneal of the
bankrupt law. 1 believe ih,it pebhe opinion i,ru-;
pronounced against its further pxi«tcno.>, and that
the fact cannot be disguiserl. The large and com-
mercial cities may, perhaps, still be u'i" favor of it:
but- as to the great tnas-s nj the p^oolo rhroiir'hoiu
the country, I am compelled to think that there is
a decided majority against it. Of conrt-e I can
speak, of my own 1-Tiowh'uge, only so tar as the
people of my own State and district are eonccined;
and there is, perhaps, r.o people whose evmiuns
present a fairer test of th* unprejudiced decision of
the public rninj. They cared comparatively lit'-
tle about the passaee of the law at first, and have
Iberefore been the better able to watch it's operation
with an impartial eye. And, although I feci sure
the large Wbig mejoriiy in my State will appreciate
and sanction the motives o: those who passed it;
yetj since the gieat good contemplated has been
mainly accomplished, I have as little doubt that a
majority of the people of the State, and of my own
constituents, wish its repeal. From the best infor-
mation I can obtain, 1 am led to believe that the
same state of feeling and opinion generally pre-
vails in other sections of the Union. I wish "to be
distinctly understood on this point. I em not one
of those who believe that legislation he re should be
swayed by the temporary itnpul-.es of popular feel-
ing. I believe that it is the duty of the Represent-
ative to array himself against the effervescent vio-
lence of the public mind, when stimulated and ex-
cited by the reckless spirit of faction and mriova-
; tion. As long'as I am a Representative, I trust I
; shall have firmness enough to resist the demands of
| temporary impulse in the popular mind, when, in
j my deliberate judgment, I believe tl.em to be wrong.
, But then, on the other hand, I do believe that the
! theory <d our institutions is based on the principle
that the wishes of the constituency, dispassionately
entertained and calmly expressed, are binding on
the Representative, on questions of mere expedi-
ency. Whether the popular opinion is !he lesult of
impulse, or of cool and deliberate judgment, the
Representative must judge. It is enough for me to
say, that 1 do believe tire calm and reflective judg-
ment of my constituents is against the further con-
tinuance in operation of the bankrupt law.
Nov., Mr. Speaker, I am not to be understood as
expressing any regret for the vote which I origi
naily gave lor the passage of this law. TJnder
similar circumstances, I should feel'it my duty to
do so again. I yielded to the great and urgent ne-
cessities of the country, and the sufferings of the
people. Great as may have been the evils of a
bankrupt law, yet I considered it called for by the
extraordinary emergencies of the times. I thought
it best to submit to one evil, in order to cure one
still greater. Powerful and sickening as this med-
icine may have been, yet I thought it was called
for as an exUeine remedy for the distempered state
of the nation.
Whilst I am willing to vote for the repeal of
the bankrupt law, however, 1 emtio' vote for the
bill b'-fore ttio House, usee-1 it is amended. The
bill proposes to dale back in Its operation to the e,th
of December lest, so as to exclude frcrti its benefits
ali those who had not then taken the inceptive
measures towards taking advantage of sis provi-
sions. Now, this appears to me improper and un-
just. It seems to me to be somewhat retrospec-
tive—at least negatively, if not positively. If nut
positively retrospective in its opeiation, it is so in
us exclusion itoil' the benefit oi another lave,
vhieh v.ill have been m conation far months,
after the peiiod mentioned as the date of it.; repeal.
All tho-e who may hare commenced the Initia-
tory steps towards taking the benefit of the bank-
rupt law, eve.i up tn 'he day of its parage, will
have done so umler*the crur.ianty of the Govern-
ment: they may be said to have .t vested right *o
the benefits ol the lav/. All their arrangements,
for months, may have been tending to this. All
die.r heetr and ea!cu'at;o/is of corniu" relief and
fuo.oe cmitoit u'.ty have been built iron the
pledees tendered by t'e.i ? Goveiement in the pas-
sage of the law. Wary may have be m struggbng,
wuhall iheii energy and sireneth, to susiam their
credo., in hopes of avoiding the necessity of re-
sort ill", to the relief tendered by this law.' Sirete
the 5 h of December, they may have bren com-
pelled to yield to the pressing storm, ami may
h a ye just commenced measures" tor availing them-
selves oi the benefits of the law. On the other
hand, many an indulgent creditor may have failed,
up to the 3th December. to hare eommencci corn-
pulsoi v process against their d' btors,, under the in-
voluntary clause of ihc aef, who, Mm e then, or be-
fore the pas--age of the bill before the House, may
ha'-e commenced proces-. Should th'-se he de-
prived of the benefits ,,f tlm b'.nkrupt law. merely
because, • (torn a feeling of humanity, they may
have extended time and indulgence to their cin-
lvtrra sad deb'or;; reiving m ucuri'v upon the
law o: the land, as tenderng ns benefits whenever
they might he d>sno=ed to resort to ill
The )e'rospre,;iye operation, or rasher exrlusion
of this bill, v.ill operate as a punishment to the
mo.-t worthy—to these who, from irdustrv and
pride, may have f'ni'ed to take advantage of the
voluntary portion of the bankrupt law: and those
who, from feelings of kindness and forbearance
towards the unfortunate, may have postponed ta-
king advantage of the involuntary clause. This
retrospective legislation is calculated to destroy
all confidence m the action of the Government, and
to sow the seeds of distrust and alarm throughout
the land. I cannot vote for the bill before the
House, unless it is amended in this particular. 1
question its constitutionality—1 am convinced of
its injustice and partiality.
Neither can I vo'e for the amendment which has
been offered, proposing to include corporations of
the respective States within its operation, j am t0Q
much of a State-rights tnan for that. The respec-
tive States have established corporations within
their limits, for various purposes, with various
powers, and subject to various restrictions. The
powers and exis'ence of the State corporatiorjS
emanate from sovereign State authority; they are
responsible to the same authority, to a'varied ex-
tent, according to the peculiar interests and pur-
suits of each. The General Government lias no
power to es'ablish a corporation within the limits
of any State, except as a necessary means of carry-
ing into operation a granted power. And yet, will
it be pretended that it has power to destroy tlu>«e
created by the States; or, what is the same thing,
establish rules and regulations fixing the conditions
on which theit existence shall continue'! It is very
evident, that the great anxiety for the passage of
this amendment springs from a violent and furious
hatred of the State banks of the country, and a pre-
tended zeal fnr their destruction. And those who
are most rabnl in their hatred of banks, are the
very men who generally make most pretensions
about their Stale rights republicanism. Let them
recollect that these State banks exist by State au-
thority. If they are not sufficiently restricted in
their charters, "it is by the choice or neglect of the
State authorities that chartered them; if they have
violated their charters, they are responsible to State
laws and Stale tribunals; if they are guilty of
abuses, fraud, and peculation, «til] they are sub-
ject to their own domestic legislative restraint,
and to their own domestic public opinion.
Then, if the public opinion, ihc laws, and the in-
stitutions of the respeetiye States, will tolerate the
abuses, the suspensions, the contractions and ex-
pansions of the State banks, about which gentlemen
descant so much—why should this General Govern-
ment attempt to bring them to punishment1! and that,
too. according to one 'uniform rule for every part
of the country. The abuses of the State banks are
felt most, sensibly at home; there the evil is best un-
derstood, and there the remedy can best be applied.
1 warn gentlemen who make professions of devo-
tion to fcJta'e t'jghis, to beware how they allow this
General Government tobrng within the scope of
its control the institutions ef the States. If it can
establish the conditions cn which they shall cease
to exist, it may next pass regulations titm they shall
exist. And as it is tiie nature of power to advance,
we may next ha"e, not only our banks, but our col-
leges, bur manufacturing "companies, our railroad
and canal corporations, brought within the scope of
Federal suj^remscy.
It has been said, by way of taunt, during this tie-
bole, that this bankrupt law is the last of the Whig
measures of the extra session, and that its repeal
will give the finishing stroke to all of our labors at
Hurt eventful session. It is true that little will be
left on the statute-book; but that is not the fault of
the Whigs; and history must say so. They could
not pi event the treachery of John Tyler; and the
sectet of our disasters is, that the people of the
country—the Whig majority—blame us for having
palmed such a man as John'Tyler upon them. Yes,
sir, the Whigs clid commit a most grievous error in
the election of John Tyler; and most grievously
have they suffered for it.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. MtRSHAU.]
has spoktn of the history of this Administration
being written in a parenthesis. Not. so. If there
is any truth in the maxim of Shakspeare, that
'"the eyii ihat men do lives after them," then it
will requite mass\ volumes to portray the profli-
gacy ar.f, corruption of this Administration, And
if the concluding port of the sentence be also true,
l_hat the "good is oft interied wi'h their bones," then
John Tyler's graves'one should hear this single in-
serip'ion "Here lies John Tyler."
1 have, till vejy lately, indulged in the full faith
that the Whig party was only undergoing a purifi-
cation—that they were pas-ins; through an ordeal
of trial, from "which they -would'emerge "redeemed,
