Feb. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Meriwether.
H. of Reps.
pled under foot by the insolence of British officers'?
It is too much the character of Americans lo
bear injuries while they aie tolerable, than promptly
to resent them when offered. England knows this,
and, by a gradual usurpation of our rights, she
hopes to attain all she demands; protesting that she
intends us no indignity, but all the while heaping
insult upon injury.
Prom the speech of Sir Robert Pee), in the Brit-
ish Parliament, we are plainly told what the Amer-
ican Government may expect. Tha right njrisil-
ation,bt; says, has not and will not be surrendered
by his Government. He speaks truly when he says
so; the treaty guaranties it to him. But he as-
sumes a loftier ground than this; and tells you that
he holds it by higher authority, and intends to ex-
ercise it. 1 suppose that England will exercise the
right just whensoever she pleases. Notwithstand-
ing she has, time and again, said that no such right
existed, or should be exercised towards her vessels,
she will assert it and exercise it towards our ships.
Let herdoil: but [he first footstep made on our
vessels by her officers, to carry out her asserted
right of visitation, will be with me a sufficient
cause for war; and I would vote forthwith a dec-
laration of war against her. And while I will
not vote one gun to carry out this abominable
treaty, I am prepared to vote one thousand guns
for the African coast, to show England that she
shall not tread the deck of the most worthless ves-
sel in our whole commercial marine.
I know it is a difficult matter to arouse the pub-
lic mind against the insidious encroachments of
England upon our rights. The great mass of our
people are wholly unacquainted with the injuries
sustained by our seafaring people, in subjecting
them to England's visitation. Already do we hear
it proclaimed that British officers should be permit-
ted to visit American ships, to see that they are
not engaged in illicit trade. But apply this princi-
ple to the humblest citizen in this republic—sub-
jecting his domicil to visitation—and war would
follow forthwith. The deck of an American ship
.is American territory. Who dares invade it, as
England proposes to do'?
Were a British officer to enter the dwelling of an
American citizen, and upon American territory,
to demand proof of his occupation, his pursuits,
tad purposes, and, upon the receipt of information
■wholly unsatisfactory, to proceed to search his
dwelling, to ascertain whether he concealed stolen
goods, or murderers,—where is there a man who
■would not step boldly forth to punish the aggression"?
Nay, who would not raise his voice for war against
that government which would thus insult and in-
jure our citizens'? And yet England does all this,
and more, towards our fellow-citizens on the high
Seas; and we tamely acquiesce in it all. Why
Should we be less jealous'of the rights of the mar-
iner than we are of those of the landsman'? . The
question of the right of search is an abstruse one—
but little thought of, and less studied, by our people.
But it should be brought to the reflections of every
mind; and, -when this is done, there is no fear as to
the result. We are a great agricultural people.
Our agriculture is rendered valuable by our com-
nieree, which bears our cotton, wheat, and bread-
stuffs to every civilized nation. Our manufac-
tures are beginning to compete successfully with
those of the British nation, in many countries.
America is England's hated and feared rival:
and now, to sweep our commcrce from the seas,
and monopolize it with the vessels of her own sub-
jects, has become ihe great object of solicitude by
tlS6 British Crown. Our vessels, wherever found,
are to be visited, as a matter of right. If the Amer-
. ican is not most obsequious to the impudent and in-
solent demand of the British officer, as a matter of
right, his vessel is to be searched. If everything
 n board does not suit the notions of the officer—
■■who enters the ship "with a determination not to be
suited—as a matter of right, the vessel may be
seized, carried into port, and tried before a court,
{sM as a matter of right,) and the American ruined
toy the burden of costs, the delays, and injuries to
"Ms business. And all this is justified, because
England had the right to visit the ship, and these
■were the consequences of the visit. No, sir: place
this right of search where the law of nations has
placed it; that, if you put foot on an American
■deck, you do it at the hazard of the consequences;
and, if we permit you to doit with impunity, it will
be a matter of grace from us, and not of right on
your part. Maintain your old ground, and you
will preserve and protect your commerce; but
yield to England what she demands, and your com-
merce will be destroyed: for your people will no:
engage in it, when almost certain ruin awaits their
enterprise and industry. Eventually, we shall
have to choose between a ruined commerce and a
war.
A different view seems to have been taken of the
chaiacter and effect of the concession made to
England by the United States, by the President of
the Unfed Stales. In his message communicating
the treaty to the Senate, he says that, by its stipula-
tions, no change has been made in the law of na-
tions; but that each nation is left lo execute its own
laws, separately and independently of the other.
Conceding the construction assumed, we find, in
the reasons assigned for this new arrangement, as
much cause for national dishonor as would be en-
tailed by the surrender believed, m fact, to have
been made. The President says: "The treaty obli-
gations subsisting between the two countries for
the suppression of the African slave-trade, and the
complaints made to this Government within the
last three or four years—many of them hut too
well-founded—ot the visitation,'seizure, and deten-
tion of American vessels on that coast by British
cruisers, could not but form a delicate and highly
important part of the negotiations which have now
been held."—"Interference with a merchant ve.ssel
by ap armed cruiser, is always a delicate proceed-
ing, apt to touch the point of national honor, as
well as to affect the interests of individuals. It has
been thought, therefore, expedient—not only in ac-
cordance with the treaty of Ghent, but, at the same
time, as removing all pretext, on the part of others,
for violating the immunities of the American flag
upon the seas, as they exist and are defined by the
law of nations—to enter into the articles now sub-
mitted lo the Senate."
Thus it seems that the right of search, as prac-
tised by England upon our vessels, was regarded as
of such great importance, as to constitute a mate-
rial subject of negotiation, [t was, indeed, a cause
of complaint on the part of the American Govern-
ment, and had, before this negotiation, been made
a subject of special representation to the British
Government. We have seen how it was received,
and what special pleading resorted to, to justify it
in ihe past, and to affirm and sustain its repetition
in the future. And now, to avoid that repetition,
(which no denial of the right, on our part, could
check,) our Government formally, and for that rea-
son, accepts the terms stipulated in the treaty. The
"immunities of the American flag, as they exist
and are defined by the laws of nations," being dis-
regarded by England, we are compelled "lo enter
into the articles" of the treaty, lo secure their re-
cognition in the future.
Under such circumstances as those which sur-
rounded our Government, (the full extent of which
was known to us,) in what manner did it become a
nation, jealous of her honor and self-respect, to
act"? When we recollect that the treaty ol Ghent,
under which our obligations arose, had been in
existence more than a quarter of a century—that
England, during nearly all that period, had never
asserted the right which she now pretends to—that
no such stipulation as the one now adopted was
ever before proposed in any treaty, and that no
necessity was ever presumed before to exist for its
adoption,—when our Government had been in-
sulted by England's past conduct, and was now
menaced by her present attitude—there was no other
alternative left to the American Government, but
an unqualified refusal to listen to any terms of ne-
gotiation as to the right of search, or of any substitu-
tion for it. There was but one course which our
Government could, in honor, pursue: and that was,
to say to England that the right of visitation and
search did not belong lo her, and that she should not
exercise it over our vessels. Instead of adopting
this course, however, terms of compromise are
adopted, by which the United States agree to main-
tain a squadron of not less than 80 guns, for five
years, on the African coast, and longer, if neither
Government object, at an annual cost of several
hundred thousand dollars. This is the price we
pay England for her i-mpudent pretensions; and the
tribute we render her for suspending for the time
the haughty power she assumes, to reign mistress
of the seas. This is what our country gains in
point of honor—our vessels acquire a greater im-
munity, in being exempted from the visitations,
searches, detentions, and insults of the British
cruisers, during that time. The country would
rather have paid millions for the defence of its
rights, than to have contributed one cent to buy its
peace from England. And after the period stipu-
lated, should either Government recede from the
further continuance of this tribute, England is re-
mitted back to her original assumption of right,
strengthened by the stipulations of this treaty. And
whensoever she shall think fit, her arbitrary vjill
will be emboldened to demand new terms, and to
exact more rigorously a compliance With her
haughty requisitions. The postponement of the
issue promised through the homage of this tribute,
is but weakening an established and indisputable
right. Now is the time to settle that issue; now is
the hour when England should be made to know
that the rights of American merchants and sea-
men, on the high seas, should be respected by her.
No temporizing policy should be resorted to, for a
moment; no paltering with ihe nation's interests
should be countenanccd, to gain a temporary quiet.
An American Congress desires to speak out bold-
ly and decidedly as to our rights; to renounce this
stipulation; to assume the grounds always before
maintained by national honor; and to allow no in-
terterence from England or elsewhere.
If it were respectful to ourselves to debate the
course of England, after the termination <5f that
period, limiting the payment of our tribute, I should
say that there was no guaranty, after all the money
we have paid her, and all the humility we had
shown to her, that we would not again have causes
of complaint "of the visitation, seizure,and deten-
tion of American vessels by British cruisers."
There is no assurance that we should not be com-
pelled again to treat with her; and that, too, under
circumstances ot deeper humiliation than those
which attended the late treaty. But I feel no dis-
position to entertain any such proposition. I re-
nounce now, and atall times, the terms of submission
which cxlon I the tribute from our people; and per-
emptorily refu.se the execution of a treaty so dis-
creditable to the patriotism and the honor of the
country. With one code of national law, under
which she enforces protection to her own citizens
when assailed—with another, by which she extorts
the surrender of similar rights from other natiqns—
through her diplomacy m both—she has, in her re-
cent negotiations, left the American Government
the mere creature of subserviency to her will.
Conceding to the Executive the truth of hisowa
construction of this ill-starred treaty, lhat its stipu-
lations were dictated for the purpose of "removing
all pretext" on the part of England for violating
the immunities of ine American flag upon the
seas"—yet it is from the fact, lhat it is a treaty
stipulation to purchase our exemption from viola-
tions of the "immunities of the American flag,"
and that wc have lo bargain for the recognition of
our rights, established by the laws of nations, that
renders its support by the representatives of the
people inconsistent with the respect.dueto our'com-
mon country. Our Government was under'no
obligation to stipulate with any power oil earth,
how the "immunities of our flag," and our rights
under the laws of nations, should be preserved.
We were bound to place the honor of our nation
in the keeping of no one. If the American people are
unable to preserve both,letthem by treaty relapse
into a state of pupilage to England; if we are want-
ing in gallantry to defend our flag, let it be desecra-
ted by the forbearance of England; if we are want-
ing in honor to execute our treaties, let England
coerce their execution, by the multiplication of
pledges. But, if the American people entertain
yet any self-respect, let them scout a treaty which
makeathe defence of the one, and the execution of
the other, a matter of bargain with a crowned head
of Europe.
Apart from the surrender of the great principle
involved, by an appropriation for the squadron on
the African coast, is the extravagantly large and
unnecessary expenditure which must be made to
meet that provision of the treaty. For all commer-
cial purposes, it is utterly useless arid unavailing.
By the report of the Secretary of the Navy made to
the Senate on 30th December, 1842, there will be
required for that service two sloops of the first
class, and four brigs or schooners—carrying, In all-,
84 guns. The cost of the vessels will be $424,242;
the annual expenses of every kind in supporting
the squadron, is $381,182. This squadron is to be
maintained for five years, and as much longer as
desirable; and until, on our part, both Houses of
Congress, with the sanction of the President, shall
order its discontinuance. The annual expendi-
| tures for the five years will amount to $1,405,9105
