r
Feb. 1843.
27th Cokg-**-3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i95
Indemnity for slaves—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Heps.
"slave-dealers." Sir, let it go upon record. Let
the archives of the nation bear witness, in all
coming time, that two hundred and forty-two
American statesmen sat in this hall, deliberating
upen granting pecuniary relief to persons engaged
in that traffic, which Jefferson said had "rendered
us the scoff of infidel nations." But, sir, let not
my name be found among the number of its ad-
vocates; let not ray descendants in future years be
called to blush on read ng the record of this day's
proceedings. Sooner, far sooner, would I have it
.stricken from the records of this House. Yea,
sooner would I have it blotted from existence, than
see it placed on record in favor of the bill before
us. Yet, sir, the bill will pass, and become a law.
My personal and my political friends will vote for
it; not that they wou'd knowingly and considerate-
ly aid and abet those who live and become rich
upon the anguish and sufferings of mankind ; but
because they have not examined this subject, and
have not looked into the effects and weighed the
' consequences resulting from the passage of this
_ bill. The House is already committed, and are
'.impatient at the delay occasioned by my remarks.
. When I shall close, the previous question, or a
call to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
will be made; and wc shall be driven on to the con-
summation of a deed, m contemplation of which
my soul shrinks back with horror. But I proceed
, with the statement of facts.
These hucksters in human flesh voluntarily
carried their cargo beyond the line of, this District,
and beyond the jurisdiction of any slave State.
The slaves thereby became free, in law. The
moment they crossed the line of the slave States,
and entered upon the high seas, that moment they
were, to all intents and purposes, freemen. That
moment, in the eye of the law, their shackles fell,
and they stood upon the deck of that ship clothed
■ with all the attributes of Americans and of free-
men. I state this as a legal principle. It has been
substantially so decided in the slave States, and in
the free States, and in the courts of the United
States; and it is no longer to be denied or doubted.
After these people had thu? become tree by the vol-
untary action of their owners, and when they were
possessed of the same legal and moral right to take
their former owners to Africa, and sell them there
as slaves, as their owners had to carry them to
New Orleans for that purpose, they were suddenly
shipwrecked near the island of New Providence.
, The wreckers carried them and their foimer mas-
ters to Nassau, where they all landed, and each,
as he had a legal and moral right to do, sought
his own happiness. Here, sir, was the misfor-
tune from which we are called on to-day to relieve
these speculators—these outlaws from human sym-
pathy. They saw their fellow men escape from
their grasp; the slaves suddenly became transform-
ed into freemen. The owners had not the physical
power to hold them in subjection, and the officers
of the British Government would neither furnish
. bloodhounds nor slave-catchers to aid them. There
they stood in rnuie astonishment, contemplating
the immense loss they had sustained in this loco-
motive property—like Milton's devil looking into
Paradise, from which he had been thrust. The
slaves heeded not their grief or entreaties, but went
their way rejoicing at being for once on free soil.
Thus closed the voyage, and these dealers m the
bones and sinews of their fellow-men made their
way back to this city, and applied to the then Pres-
ident of the United States (Andrew "Jackson) tor
the influence and efforts of the nation to help them
out in theii contemplated speculation in the bodies
of men, women, and children. General Jackson
meekly consented to become the agent of these
slave-dealers, and to act the part of an agent to
transact the business between these traffickers m
children and the British Government. Unmind-
ful of his high station,and of the honor ofournation,
he eondesccndcd to become the solicitor of these
Virginia pirates, to urge upon Great Britain the
payment in dollars and cents for American free-
men who had taken up their residence in the is-
land of New Providence, Sir, Grtat Britain might,
with the same propriety, demand of this nation a
compensation for the thousands of freemen who
have come from that inland and taken up their res-
idence among us. The claim, there/ore, was with-
out foundation; and the assertion of it was fraudu-
lent, from the beginning to the end of the transac-
tion. Sir, from the purchase of the.firstman of
that cargo in this city, up to the presentation of the
claims to i his House, the proceedings have been no
less than a series of violations of truth, of moral-
ity, of honor, and of the Constitution. Corruption
has marked every stage of its progress, and base-
ness has characterized those who have aided in
carrying it' forward. The whole was managed by
slave-breeders and slave-traders, aided by "North-
ern men with Southern principles."
The executive chair was then filled by a slave-
holding President. He sympathized deeply with
those dealers in mankind, having in early life fol-
lowed that employment. He at once entered into
their views, and espoused their cause. The claims
ofhumanity,therightsofthefreeStates, and the Fed-
eral Constitution presented but slight obstacles to
his mind, when the protection of slavery was con
cerned. Here, sir, is the point at which the obli-
gations of our federal compact were departed from.
'J'he President had no constitutional power to pros-
titute our national influence to the support of this
slave-trade on the high seas. That power was never
delegated to him nor to us. I deny the constitu-
tional right of the President or of Congress to in-
volve my constituents, or the people of my State, m
the disgrace of this slave-trade. I have, on a for-
mer occasion, expressed my own views on this
point; but I insist that it is time for Representatives
on this floor to speak out, and to let the country
understand what they think concerning this power
exercised by General Jackson and Mr. Van Buren.
I desire to hear from gentlemen ol the North, of
both parties. What say you"! Has the Federal
Government the constitutional right to involve
the nation in a war to support this slave-trade"!
Have you the just right and-constitutional power to
compel your constituents, the independent electors
of our free States, to go into battle, to shed their
blood, and sacrifice their lives, in order to protect
these dealers in human flesh, while they pursue
their accursed vocation"? Was such the design of
those l'ramers of the Constitution who spoke of this
traffic with horror and execration's Is there a mem-
ber on this floor, or a man in this nation, who
would cast such an imputation upon Franklin, or
Madison, or King, or Wilson, or Ellsworth"!
Yet all will agree that if General Jackson had
the constitutional right to exert the influence of this
nation to support the slave-trade, it is the duty of
the Government to enforce the demands of the
slave-dealers on board the Enterprise, the Hermosa,
and the Creole, even at the expense of our blood
and treasure. No schoolboy would admit that our
duty would he limited to a mere demand for repar-
ation; thai when.a demand is made, our duty to the
slave-dealers ceases, and the Government is to be
absolved from all further notice of their interests.
No, sir; such docrine would be too absurd to merit
refutation by argument. If we assume the right
and the power to maintain this traffic to any ex-
tent, it follows irresistibly that we should do so to
all extent. If we have the right to involve the na-
tion in the disgrace of this traffic, we have the same
right to involve them in the expense of a war to
maintain it. If it be our duty to disgrace ourselves
and the nation by passing this bill, for the benefit
of those slave-breeders and slave dealers, it is
equally our duty to demand reparation of the Brit-
ish Government for the fifteen thousand fugitive
slaves now in the Canadian provinces, and to en-
force that demand at the point of the bayonet. If
those slave-breeders and slave-dealers may demand
the sacrifice of Northern honor and Northern prin-
ciples to aid them in this speculation, they may,
with equal propriety, demand ihesacrificc of North-
ern lives for the same purpose. And I wou'd as
soon sec my constituents pierced by British bayon-
eis, as to see them despoiled of their honor, by a ser-
vile submission to this slave-breeding influence,
and made the suppotters of this disgraceful slave-
trade.
But, Mr. Speaker, the President, in his official
character, entered upon his new duties as agent for
these slave-dealers. He was under the necessity of
employing an assistant to carry on the negotiation
which he was about to open with the Government
of Great Britain, in order "to catch the negroes,"
or obtain pay for them. He appointed as an assist-
ant, resident in this city, Martin Van Buren, who
had honorably defended the rights of mankind in
the councils of his own State, but who now conde-
scended to become an assistant broker in this slave-
dealing concern. Although a Northern man, it
became the boast of his friends that he possessed
"Southern principles;" and he soon gave satisfacto-
ry evidence of his devotion to the interests of his
employer?, Indeed, had he been bred up m ihs
bti-iness, he would scarcely have discovered more
attachment to the interests of slave-growers and
slave traders than he manifested on that occasion.
Anxiety for the success of that "execrable com-
merce" appears to have been uppermost in his
mind, and to have saperseded all other matters of
mere Slate policy. The overshadowing importance
to which he considered th's matter entitled, was
well expressed m his official communication to our
minister at the Court of St. James, dated m 1836,
in which he says: "In thepresentstate of our diplo-
matic relations with the Government of his Britan-
nic Majesty, the most immediately pressing of the
matters with which the United States legation at
London is now charged, is the claim of certain citi-
zens iigainst Great Britain for a number of slaves,
the cargoes of the three vessels wrecked in the Brit-
ish islands jnthe Atlantic."
We then had a controversy with Great Britain
in regard to our Northeastern boundary. In .order
to protect our interests there, soon after the date of
this letter Congress provided, and placed at the dis-
posal of the President, ten millions of dollars, and
gave him power to raise fifty thousand troops. Yet
the vast interests at slake in that quarter and in the
Northwest—for the maintenance of which attempts
are now making to expend millions of money—
were all matters of minor consideration, when com-
pared with these "cargoes." Mark the language of
aNorthern Democrat: "Cargoes" of women, "car-
goes" of men, and "mixed cargoes" of humanity.
This, sir, is the language of him who is considered
the very paragon of Northern Democracy; of him.
who is now regarded by one of our great political
parties as thevery embodimentof orthodoxDemoe-
racy; and who is destined, by the magic of his influ-
ence, to prostrate the political aspirations of the tal-
ented favorite of the slave Democrats of the South.
Sir, will our Democratic friends atthe North—those
who, with the patriots of'76, hold that "men are
created equal"—consider this language, this servile
truckling to the slave-breedmg interests, as a suffi-
cient passport to the favor of this nation"? Sir, I
wish I could ring the question in the ears of every
member of that party north of Mason and Dixon's
line. I would point to this language, and repeat
the interrogatory. Sir, I may be led to confide in
the honor of a slave-holder; hut a "servile dough-
face" is too destitute of that aiticle to obtain credit
with me. Mr. Van Buren has placed the evidence
of his servility conspicuously upon the records of
ourcountry. There it will remain, and will be re-
garded as an enduring memento of the degeneracy
of the age, and of the men who ihen filled our pub-
lic stations.
With the permission of the House, I will now
call their attention to another gentleman who fig-
ured somewhat conspicuously in carrying on this
negotiation. He, sir, was bred in the "Old Dp-
mimon"—■where (to use the words of one of her
most talented sons) "men are reared for the mar-
ket, like oxen for the shambles." It was, therefore,
expected that he would bring to the discharge of his
duties as assistant agent, resident in London, all
the zeal and devotion which subsequently charac-
terized his efforts to subserve the interests of his
employers. I refer to Andrew Stevenson, our late
minister at the Court of St. James. But, sir, I
speak of him, and the others, as agents for these
slave merchants, for the reason that- they acted as
such. When thus acting without any constitution-
al authority, they were to be regarded in their indi-
vidual characters, and not as public officers, Had
they, or either of them, undertaken to act as the
commission agent or broker for a band of pirates,
we should not have considered them entitled to re-
spect. Yet they possessed the same constitutional
authority to do one, as they had to perform the
other. They possessed as much constitutional light
to involve the people of the free States in any other
piratical transaction, as they had to involve us in a
slave-trading negotiation.
But, sir, I have not lime to go into detail, lest
that hour rule—which I regard as the most salutary
rule ever adopted by this House—should cut me off
before I shall have fairly entered upon the subject
before me. I crave the attention of the friends of
Mr. Stevenson, (if he has any upon this floor,) and
hope they will defend his reputation, so far as truth
and justice will permit. I call the attention of the
House to the following extract of an official letter
of Mr. Stevenson, addressed to Lord Palmerston,
dated m December, 1836, and to be found in Sen-
ate documents of 1837-8, in which that gentleman
says: - ■
