196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
ajfah Covo«-«'3d Sess.
Indemnity for slaves—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
" The undersigned feels assured that it will only
ba necessary to refer Lord Palmerston to the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States,
_ arid the laws of many of ihe States, to satisfy him
of the existence of slavery, and that slaves are re-
garded and protected as property; that, by these
laws, there is, in fact, no distinction in principle
between property in persons and property in things;
, and that the Government have, more than once, in
the most solemn manner, determined that slaves
killed in the service of the United States, even m
a state of war, were to be regarded as property,
and not as persons, and the Government held re-
sponsible for their value."
It is to the last clause of this extract that I more
particularly desire to call the attention of the
House and of the country. In that clause, Mr.
Stevenson asserts that "the Government have more
than once, in the most solemn manner, determined
that slaves killed in the service of the United
States, evert in a state of war, were to be regarded
as property, and not as persons, and the Govern-
ment held responsible for their value," Now, sir,
I have bestowed examination and thought upon
this'subject, and know well what I am about to
say. And, sir, with a full knowledge of the re-
sponsibility resting upon me, I say to the House
and to the country, and to the British ministry,
(should my remarks ever meet their eyes,J that
this official declaration of Mr. Stevenson is untrue
and unfounded.- It was, and still is, a misrepre-
sentation of the character of this Government—
unjust and offensive to the people of the free States.
That, so far from being correct, its reverse is lit-
erally true. This Government, so far from being
held responsible for the value of slaves killed in
the public service, in time of war, have, from its
formation to this day, distinctly and uniformly re-
fused such payment. And 1 say to the gentleman
who made this assertion, and to his friends on this
floor, that it can scarcely be supposed that he was
ignorant that the contrary principle is fully sanc-
tioned and sustained by documentary evidence,as
I proved to this House a few days since. I then
called the attention of the House to a report drawn
up by my respected predecessor, (the Hon. Elisha
Whittlesey,) chairman ofthe Committee of Claims,
made to thisHouse in 1831. The report was made
upon the memorial of Francis Sarche, who owned
a slave, a horse, and cart, all which were pressed
into the public service at New Orleans on the day
of tbe great battle near that ciiy. The horse and
slave were killed, and the cart was destroyed by
cajanon shot, and Sarche applied to Congress for
compensation. Tbe Committee of Claims, com-
posed of both Southern and Northern members,
reported unanimously against paying for the slave,
andin favor of paying for the horse and cart. The
committee, in their repoit, say that they had ex-
amined the records of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and found that slaves had never been paid for
by this Government, either in the revolutionary
war, or since that period. The report also refers
to several instances in which attempts had been
made to pass a law allowing indemnity for slaves
killed in the public service; all which had failed.
I then stated that the records of the Committee of
Claims showed distinctly, that, since the year 1794,
(the date of their earliest record,) all such appli-
cations, referred to that committee, had been re-
jected without exception. It is not a little remark-
able, that Mr. Stevenson, as I understand, filled the
office of Speaker at the time when this report of
Mr. Whittlesey was made. I am not informed of
the time he served in this hall, but it was many
years; and I hesitate not to say that it is a most ex-
traordinary fact, that the report to which I have
alluded, and this practice of Government, should
have escaped his notice; but it is still more wonder-
ful that he should have asserted the existence of a
practice diametrically opposed to the uniform ac-
tion of this body at the very time when he offi-
ciated as its presiding officer.
I return to tbe prosecution of this negotiation.
These misrepresentations were pressed upon the
consideration of the British miriistiy. They were
not familiar with the distinctions between our na-
tional and State Governments, as was well re-
marked the other dav by the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts '[Mr. Adams ] Mr. Steven-
son was ihe representative of this Government, and
Lord Pahneiston had alight to expect all matters
of fart to be truly stated—particulaiiy so iar as the
regulations and ihe action of our Government
were concerned. Relying upon these representa-
tions; and believing this to be a Government dedi-
cated to the support of slavery instead of liberty;
and impressed with the full conviction that, by the
laws of Congress, slavery upon the high seas, on
board of American vessels, was allowed and pro-
tected, and that these persons were in truth slaves,
instead of freemen, when they entered the port of
Nassau,—the British ministry agreed to deal with
us as thev do with semi-barbarous nations, and to
pay for these people a ransom of twenty-five thou-
sand pounds sterling. Before the money was ob-
tained, Mr. Van Buren was installed President of
the United States; yet he continued to act as the
agent of these slave-dealers—for such he evidently
considered himself. The money was not paid
into the treasury, nor was Congress consulted as to
the disposition of the funds; it was kept in the
custody of the Executive, who paid it out as his
judgment dictated. But to whom it was paid, or
how much was paid to each individual, I believe
we have not the means of determining—no report
having been made to either branch of Congress,
except a report of the amount of moneys paid
from the treasury as expenses incurred in
transacting the business for these slave-dealeTs.
Thi* amount was charged to the contingent
fund of the State Department, and, in that
shape, came before the House of Representa-
tives. ' This money came from the pockets of
our constituents, and was paid directly for the
benefit of these wholesale and retail venders of
humanity. I attempted to make some remarks
on that subject; but, as it was then held to be a sub-
ject on which Congress had no power to act, I
was cut short in the expression of my views, ac-
cording to the most approved practice under our
congressional gag-rules.
But to proceed with the facts: When Mr. Van
Buren and his cabinet were about to retire from of-
fice, the Secretary of State (not of the Treasury) had
in his possession some seven thousand dollars ofthe
money thus extorted by fraud and misrepresenta-
tion from the British Government. Mr. Van Bu-
ren, not having fully completed the business in
which he had been so long engaged as the repre-
sentative of slave merchants, bequeathed to Wil-
liam Selden, Treasurer of the United States, the
trust of closing the transaction. The money was
paid to him, and a receipt taken. This was done
without any authority of law whatever; and the
Treasurer might return it to the slave-owners by vir-
tue of the same authority as that by which he had
received it. The veriest tyro inlaw will at once
see that it is not in the power of any man who
pleases to charge the Government with moneys, by
making a deposite with the Treasurer, unless it be
authorized by law; no such law existed in this
case, and the only legal effect was to make the
Treasurer liable, in his individual capacity, as trus-
tee of the persons who possess the real interest in
the money. Now, I think it perfectly clear, that no
action whatever of Congress was necessary to au-
thorize the withdrawal of this money from the treas-
ury. In contemplation of law, it had never been
there; but was in the private custody of Mr. Sel-
den. Yet we are called on now to "close up this
slave-dealing agency by a solemn act of Congress:
theieby making ourselves and constituents partici-
pants in the fraud, the moral turpitude, and the
crime that have characterized this transaction, from
the purchase ofthese cargoes up to the time of pay-
ing the money 10 Mr. Selden. They will not be
satisfied with the money, but insist that we shall
share in the disgrace with them. They remind me
of a drunkard who lay wallowing in the mud and
filth of a gutter, when a friend, who was passing
by, offered to pull him out; he rejected this offer,
but insisted that his friend should come and lie
down with him. If my friends show themselves
willing to go and lie down with these slave breed-
ers, and share in the moral filth and corruption of
this slave-trade, I may admire their kindness, but I
cannot approve their taste. .
I had liketo have omitted all notice of the loss of
slaves on board the Encomium. That, too, was a
slave ship, regularly fitted out from the city of
Charleston, South Carolina—a city which, at this
time, is enjoying as profitable a commerce in man-
kind as any other on this side ofthe Atlantic. Indeed,
I believe, it already equals many of the refined cities
of Africa in the extent of its slave-trade. Should
we pass this bill, and continue to pass bills hereaf-
ter, for the benefit of the slave merchants of that
city, and at the same time hang all who engage in
that business upon the African coast, Charleston
may, at some future day, rival even Timbuctoo in
the extent and splendor of its slave-markets and
other embellishments. This vessel, I believe, was
fitted out in the year eighteen hundred and thirty-
three; she, too, was lost, and the slaves escaped in
the same manner as those on board the Comet.
The owners applied to the President, who es-
poused their cause also. Their demand was
pressed, and the money obtained in the same way,
and at the same time, as the indemnity for those on
board the Comet. ' .
For many years the people of the free States
have endeavored to relieve the nation from the
deep odium resting upon it by reason of this slave-
trade oil-the high seas. For that purpose they
have sent to us their petitions, couched in the most
respectful language, asking that it may be prohib-
ited, under suitable penalties. And what treat-
ment have these freemen—these supporters of our
national character—met in this hall1? Why, sir,
they have been assailed with almost every op-
probrious epithet which our language could sup-
ply. Their petitions have been scouted from, our
presence without being read, or heard, or even re-
ceived at the hands of their Representatives. I
myself have presented the requests of thousands of
our most worthy citizens—of our philanthropists,
our divines, our jurists, and statesmen—invoking
the action of this body in regard to this slave-
trade upon the high seas, and to save them and the
nation from the disgrace which will be fastened
upon them by such measures as that now before us.
But, sir, if I happened to cast my eye upon tbe
petition, or assumed the appearance of reading
it, cries of "order, order, order," would be shouted
from the mouths of scores of slave-breeders and
overseers; while a stentorian voice on my right,
rising at least an octave above all others, would
call on the Speaker "to enforce the 21st rule."
Sir, what magic wand has been waved over us,
that we now sit so quietly deliberating upon this bill
to encourage the .slave-trade; or, rather, why do we
now pass this bill without deliberation? Shall we
turn round at the bidding of this slave-breeding in-
fluence, and quietly submit to the passage of a bill
to aid and support the slave-tradef Sir. I feel hum-
bled, deeply humbled, when I cast my eyes around
this hall, and see Representatives of the free States
sitting in mute silence, and aiding, by their vote,
the passage of a bill shamelessly bearing on its title
the character of a bill for the relief of slave-tra-
ders. What power has thus miraculously silenced
the voice of INorthern freedom andNorthernhonort
What spell has now palsied the arms which should
defend the rights and interests of the free States'? It
is the previous question, forced upon us by Southern
members and their Northern allies. Shall we now
submit to the bidding of this slaveholding influ-
ence, and meanly assist in carrying out this attempt
to involve ourselves and our constituents in the dis-
grace of the slave-traded Wherewith shall we
humble ourselves before those who claim this con-
trol over us"? Where shall we find sackcloth with
which to cover our bodies, or ashes to cast upon our
heads, when, with downcast eyes and trembling
voices, we give a faint response in favor of these
slave-growers, and to the aisgrace of those whom
we represent! Sir, the trembling slave, who dares
not look up in the presence of his tyrant master, has
some excuse for his degradation; but I can find
no justification whatever for Northern men—the
Representatives of freemen—who thus tamely sur-
render the rights and the honor of their constitu-
ents, and become the willing instruments for carry-
ing on and sustaining this detestable commerce in.
slaves.
Mr. Speaker, I have a curiosity to witness the re-
sponse of members to the questfons which will soon,
be propounded, and see how many gentlemtn on
this floor will now vote in favor of this bill, who,
for years, have regularly voted to gag their own
constituents upon this identical subject, on which
they are now called to act in favor of slave-breed-
ers and slave dealers. If I were to dictate a sub-
ject for the pencil, it should be the one on which I
am now commenting. I would select a Northern
Democrat, holding a gag in the mouth of his con-
stituent with one hand, while the other is employed
to examine his pockets for money to pay the ex-
penses of this slave agency; at the same time most
solemnly saying to his constituent, "you have noth-
ing to do with the slave trade;" "youhave no right
to interfere with the matter."
I regret being forced into these remarks. I have
made every effort to escape from so doing which
