Feb. 1843;
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
27th Cong.. — 3d Sess.
Commei cial inlet course with China—Mr. J. C. Clark.
H. nl Reps.
nity for censure and condemnation, when deserved.
But, in proportion to the exaltation of the recreant,
should be the raeasnre of the censure and condem-
nation.
I am not one who believes that a description of
the President and some of his ministers, in their
present attitude before the country, should be at-
tempted in bland phraseology or honeyed accents.
Their portraits should be sketched by a master's
hand, (which I regret I do not possess>-nol in the
softand mellow tinting of a Titian, but in the bold
and startling coloring of a Oorreggio.
Office has its rights and privileges. Among
them, I reckon not as one an exemption from the
animadversion which delinquency merits. Place,
mere place, confers no honor on its possessor; but,
e converso, man gives rank and dignity to the office.
As one of the most prominent workers of mis-
chief to the Whigs, to their cause, and to the as-
cendency of their principles, pre-eminent in genius
and acquirements, stands the Secretary of State. In
the older of importance, he deserves to occupy the
foreground of the picture, in bold and frightful
relief. But, as in every dramatic representation,
whether of tragedy, comedy, or farce, there must
be characters great and small, so my dramatis per-
sona must be, in some respects, presented in com-
bination, as well the Magnus Apollo, as he who
has justly earned a distinction conferred upon one
of the old popes, of whom it was said
"Maximum in parvis, minimus in magma."
The amusing and veracious author of "Ten .
Thousand a Year," in speaking of Tittlebat Tit-
mouse, esq., M. P. for Yatton, and of the base uses
to which he intended lo devote his immense pros-
pective wealth, remarks, "that the reptile propen-
sities of his mean nature had thriven under the
sudden sunshine of unexpected prosperity." Now,
sir, I will not apply tins language to the President
of the United States; but I may be permitted to say
that the sentiment is strikingly applicable to him—
to his accidental advent to power—to his resolu-
tions soon thereafter taken to perpetuate that pow-
er—and to his subsequent operations; all having
-in view the same objects.
I have no doubt that John Tyler came to Wash-
ington, on the demise of General Harrison, with
honest intentions to administer the Government on
Whig principles. His inaugural address bears on
its face evidence of such intentions. The dec-
laration that he should take as his model the
"fathers of the Republican school," soothed the
alarms of many Whigs who distrust Virginia po-
liticians—I mean those of the modern abstraction
school. The inaugural, taken in connexion with
his partiality for Mr. Clay, and his tears shed at
the Harrisburg convention over his defeat, were
hailed by them as harbingers of prosperity to the
country, and of safety to the Whig party. The
sentiments of Mr. Clay in regard to the currency
and to a national bank were well known to Mr.
Tyler and to the country. For years they had
been emblazoned on the pillars of the Capitol in
characters of living light, and had illumined every
hill-top in the country. They did not believe it
within the range of possibility that Mr. Tyler,
knowing, as he did know, the opinions of Mr.
Clay on all subjects of national concernment, and
who, at that convention and elsewhere, had mani-
fested such an ardent zeal for his nomination to
the Presidency, could turn his back upon his
principles and his friend. What! said they, is it
possible that he can be guilty of the glaring in-
consistency of advocating the claims of a man to
the Chief Magistracy, whose whole life and con-
duet stand pledged to give to the nation a sound
currency, through the instrumentality of a na-
tional bank, and not himself be the friend of such
an institution'? Surely, said they, Mr. Tyler can-
not believe a bank unconstitutional, else he conld
not, with any appearance of honesty or consist-
ency, aid m placing in the presidential chair a
man whose first official act would be a strong
recommendation of that very measure! Though
it might have been known to them that, at certain
periods of his life, Mr. Tyler had entertained
opinions hostile to a bank, they believed—and they
had a right to believe—that his presence as a Whig
delegate at a national Whig convention, avowing
his predilections in favor of a bank candidate, and
himself accepting a nomination from that con-
vention for the second office in the Republic, fur-
nished conclusive evidence of a change of opinion.
Better men than John Tyler have changed their
opinions in regard to a bank; and why may he not
have seen, in the necessities of the times, and the
afflictions of his countrymen, abundant reason lo
change his opinions also'!
Butthe fond hopes inspired by the inaugural in
the bosoms of the Whigs—of the pure and patriot-
ic men who had taken Mr. Tyler from obscurity,
and placed him on the pinnacle of power—were
doomed to sad and bitter disappointment.
The good resolves with which he came here arm-
ed, were soon smothered in t he impure embrace of a
forbidden ambition. The fatal words second term
were whispered into his too willing ear, and "all
was lost." These have been the "open sesame" to
all the woes and afflictions of the Whig party.
He found himself suddenly, unexpectedly, in the
possession of power; and soon, very soon, talked his
ingenuity to devise plans for its perpetuation in
himself and his successor. Surrounded by flatter-
ers, he greedily inhaled their incense, freely offer-
ed, to gratify at once his vanity, and to administer
to their own advancement. Pleased with the rat-
tles with which his maiden ambition was tickled,
new visions of glory flitted before his bewildered
fancy, and new hopes swelled his tiny heart to the
very verge of bursting. With a promptitude com-
mensurate with the energy of his character and the
magnitude of his towering genius, he issued to the
admiring sycophants of his corlcge the sic volo of
his deliberations, and, in the stern language of a
second Cato, thundered forth the terrific fiat—'"De-
lend a est Cartlwgo!"
The decree for the dismemberment of the Whig
party was promulged from the palace, and his
faithful vassals were charged with its execution.
This decree became necessary to effect his object.
The "one term" principle—a principle which I
trust is now permanently incorporated into the
Whig creed—presented an insuperable barrier to
his re-election. That re-election could only be ef-
fected by a new, a third, a Tyler party, lo be
composed of a portion of the Whig party and the
"odds and ends" of all parties.
Sir, had the President been left to himself, I
doubt not that he would have proved true to his
principles, to his country, and to his party. But,
most.unfortunately for him, for his country, and for
the Whig party, he became the dupe, and perhaps
the willing dupe, of more experienced plotters and
contrivers.
Sir, I have them in my eye. In fancy I see the
conspirators against the prosperity of the country
and the welfare of the party to whose confidence
and partiality they owe all their political conse-
quence, stealing, under cover of the night, to the
assigned place of rendezvous, ashamed that the
blessed light of heaven should look out upon their
baseness. Starting, like guilty things, at the echo
of their own footsteps, with cautious tread they
stealthily approach the Executive mansion. I see
the prime mover of the plot—the Catiline of the
group. His once majestic form, enshrining a spirit
that might have out-paragoned the world, is now
crouching, in very shame of its degraded position,
in the ante-chamber of power. His once noble
brow, on which the Almighty had impressed the
signet of greatness, is now wrinkled by the force
of contending emotions. That voice, which erst
thrilled through the hearts of grave Senators and
admiring millions, and which, when the battle
waxed the hottest, was heard high over all, cheer-
ing on his brave companions to the onslaught, with
the spirit-stirring appeal, "once more to the breach,
dear friends, once more," is now subdued into hur-
ried and mysterious whispers. It is the voice of
Cissar 011 his sick bed, "Titinius, give me some
drink," and not the voice of Caesar at the head of
his conquering legions.
In clairvoyance, I watch with no little anxiety
the portentous movements of the gang, threatening
consequences baneful to the well-being of that de-
voted party which had so recently elevated them to
place, and hurled from power the men who had
long wallowed in corruption, and fattened on spoils
wrung from the hands of honest but paralyzed in-
dustry. Hist! Again I see them! They now
emerge from the security of their skulking-place.
Under the guidance of the lurid glare of a blue
light, throwing its sickly rays on the blanched
cheeks of its bearer, they move with noiseless pace,
in gloomy procession, towards the imperial closet.
At its door, in mockery of majesty, and in derision
of greatness, stands the trembling subject of their
adulation, the object of their wiles, and the instru-
ment of their ambition; and most cordially are they
welcomed to his embrace.
At a coalition so unholy, and formed with pur-
poses, the execution of which would prove so dead-
ly lo the parties concerned, and to the welfare of
the nation,—even the goddess of mischief and dis-
cord, who had watched their movements with no
little concern, and who was then flapping her ra-
ven wing with unwonted delight, veiled her face
in confusion and disgust.
What transpired in the c'oset, though chronicled,
by the tutelar deity of the place, (her of the black
pinion,) has not yet been promulged. Its record,
however, is carefully preserved by its faithful cus-
todier. She took it with her to her abiding-place;
and it may be found in the archives of hell, in the
same pigeon-hole containing the correspondence of
Sir Henry Clinton with a notable personage, whose
memory has come down to us leaded with infa-
my, and who, in co-fraternity with the heroes of my
vision, will descend to posterity a stench in the nos-
trils of its latest generation.
Now, sir, although I may not speak from the rec-
ord of the plottings of the closet, 1 may infer, from
the acts and doings of one of the cabal, at
least, the plan of operations by "which the disrup-
tion of the Whig party was to be accomplished,
and also the price lo be paid to lhat distinguished
gentleman for his continuance in office.
Sir, it is a matter of indubitable history, lhat in
no one has a United States bank found a more uni-
form, able, and eloquent advocate than in the per-
son of the Secretary of State. Up to April, 1841,
there is no evidence that his opinions had undei-
gone the slightest change oil that subject.
It is equally well known, (certainly to many
members of this House,) that,during the pendency
of the bank bill before Congress, at its called ses-
sion, the Secretary was busily engaged in the exer-
tion of his all-powerful influence upon members,
to give the "go-by" to the measure—promising to
piesent, at the next regular session, a plan ol cur-
rency and finance which should meet the views
and wishes of the Whig party, and the expectations
of the country.
I-Iowfaithlully he has redeemed that pledge, and
with what favor his plan, which was to have come
to us pure and perfect as Tritonia from the brain
of Jove, has been received by the House, let the
voices of some eighteen gentlemen only in favor of
the Secretary's "monstium horrendnm" of a Gov-
ernment bank (many of whom, I understand,
would have voted in the negative had the question
been on the bill itself) answer to the country.
Instead of standing by bis principles with the
firmness of a patriot, and with a self-sacrificing
devotion to the great and paramount interests of the
country, the Secretary became the humble apolo-
gist of John Tyler's delinquency—ay, and of his im-
becility too. What had become of his vaunted
boast that the pillars of the Capitol
"Should fiy
From their firm base as soon as IT'
Sir, like the courage of Bob Acres, when the hour
of trial came, all his firmness and all his patriot-
ism "oozed out at the ends of his fingers." It seems
that the fear of the loss of place, like a spectre, has
haunted him in all his out-goings and in-comings.
Sir, had he assumed towards the President the port
and bearing of a man resolved lo go for the country
at all hazards, maugre all personal and private
considerations, I believe in my heart that at this
moment the Whig banner would be proudly flout-
ing the breeze in every direction. But the closet
scene had been enacted, and it was no longer any
part of his purpose to act the honest, faithful, and
fearless counsellor of the President. Thedignified
and lofty minister of state had dwindled down
into the mere sycophant and parasite.
I have said that the record of the compact has
not been promulged. But I will hazard the con-
jecture, that the high contacting parties, for good
and sufficient considerations them thereunto mov-
ing, resolved that, so far as they had the power,
John Tyler should be cleeted President of the Uni-
ted States; that the political world should be turn-
ed upside down; that quiet should be ihrown into
confusion, harmony into discord, and order into
chaos. The Whig temple, with its stately pillars
and splendid capitals, reared wilh so much toil and
care, and standing forth a model of political beauty
and of strength, was to be razed to the earth; and
from its disjointed materials, aided by cross-ties
dug from the ruins of the Locofoco Herculaneum
deluged by the molten lava of the revolution of
1840, was to be constructed a new edifice, and dedi-
cated to the use of John the Third, President in' his
