m
APPENDIX TO Ttffc CONGRfiSSlOiVAt GtOSti
2tth Coko-'-Sd Sess.
Commercial in'ercourse with China—Mr J. C. Clark.
PS: U4s:
H. of Reps.
own right in 1845, and then to pass to his successor,
Daniel the First.
Sir, it is my firm and honest belief that considera-
tions other than those connected with the import-
ance and delicacy of our relations with England
had overpowering weight with the President in
retaining Mr. Webster in the cabinet. He saw
that a storm was, in preparation; and, although at
the time the cloud in the political horizon was no
bigger than a man's hand, he felt that it would
rapidly increase, and that, ere long, the little speck
would become a desolating tempest. He wished
for strength, for support, for allies, to enable him
to weather the storm. A nd who at the North could
give him more efficient aid than the man who, to
talents of the very highest order, united in an emi-
nent degree the respect and confidence of the Whig
party'? His means of mischief were in a ratio com-
pounded of those talents, of that respect and confi-
dence. Leaning on the pillars of his mighty repu-
tation, which had cost him years of unremitted toil
to erect, the Secretary vainly fancicd that his fall
was beyond the reach of human power. Vain il-
lusion! Among the lionet and sturdy Whig sons
of the North, so far as my acquaintance extends,
he.stands almost desolate and alone, still majes-
tic in the ruins of his own creation. Like the
strong man, he has madly seized hold of the gran-
ite eolumns of his. own fair fame; but, unlike him,
he has buried with himself neither friends nor
foes beneath the ruins.
The more recent conduct of the Secretary well
warrants me in drawing conclusions unfavorable
to the purity of motive which prompted his contin-
uance in the cabinet, and his labors to defeat a na-
tional bank. 1 will not here inquire whether the
President, in retaining Mr. Websier about hisper-
■son, calculated upon his influence in the Senate—a
place where he was weak, and where, in regard to
confirmation of nominations, strength was highly
desirable. Taking into view the character of the
parties, and the nature and object of the coalition,
it is highly probable that the potent influence of the
Secretary was to be brought to bear on the north
wing of the Capitol. Has an attempt been made
to exert that influence'! If so, it has most signally
1 ailed. The Whig portion of the American Sen-
ate, in the sternness of conceded virtue, and in the
grandeur of unsuspected patriotism, with no slain
of distrust resting on the purity of its purpose, or
the constancy of its attachment to the principles of
the party which it so ably represents, presents a
spectacle challenging the respect, the confidence,
and the admiration of the world. There, Execu-
tive influence has been powerless; here, too, it has
been nearly so. The sum total of Executive re-
cruits from the Whigs in Congress amounts to
some four or five, all told. If my colleague from
the Otsego district has inscribed his name on the
roster of "the corporal's guard," it mav swell up to
six. How far the appointments of Locofocos to
office generally, or the appointments of family con-
nexions of Locofoco members of Congress in par-
ticular, or the promises of appointments (if such
promises have been made) to Locofoco members
themselves, to be made in future, may have influ-
enced the course of the ultra Democracy on this
floor, I take it not upon myself to say. That these
appointments and promises have in hosmall degiee
softened the ferocity of Locofoco attacks, speeches
of gentlemen might be cited in proof.
An honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr
Kennboy] not long since condescended, in a strain
alike complimentary to the intellect and goodna-
ture of the President, to speak of him as "a good
old soul!" What a biting sarcasm! Words of
foulness and contempt! A good old soul, forsooth !
Ay, when wielding the veto club to cleave down
the Whig party, a "good old soul!" But, in his
recommendation of the repeal of the sub-treasury,
the "good old soul" has passed the vanishing point.
When appointing Locofocos to office, a dear, "good
old sou!;" but, in retaining Mr. Webster in his
cabinet, he is the incarnation of the evil spiiit him-
self. What a President, and what a eulogist! The
encomiastic satire of the one is in all respects
worthy of the political profligacy and ingrained
stupidity of the other.
I have spoken of executive influence. This in-
fluence may be beneficent or malign. Thus far, the
conduct of the honorable gentlemen of the guard
may be attributed to the former. Up to this period,
1 have neither the right nor disposition to impugn
their motives. There may be doubters and skep-
tics on this subject; from such let me invoke for the
gentlemen of the "guard" the charity of their
silence. Wait for the developments of lime—the
great trier of things and of men. Wait till the 4th
of March, 1845. If that day shall find them in this
place, representing, with their well-known ability,
the interests of their constituents; or, having been
dismissed the public service here, it shall find them
mingling among the masses; or, if that day shall
find their shoulders unsoiled by the robes of office,
—then may those who, from motives of prudence,
now practise non-committalism, award to them
their unqualified approbation—so far, at least, as
motive is concerned.
I trust, sir, that by this good time the eyes of the
Whigs of the country are fully open to a just ap-
preciation of the motives and the management of
those who have betrayed them, and made the vain
effort to sell them to the support of the President.
Up to the period of the Faneuil Hall speech,
theie were no doubt some (perhaps many) Whigs
who cherished the hope that Mr. Webster would
return to the fold from which ambition in a fatal
moment had tempted him to wander. They thought
of his Herculean intellect and of his indomitable
spirit when fighting in the Senate the battles of con-
sututional liberty; and they were slow to believe
that he had left the camp of the faithful, to form a
lasting alliance with a crooked, perveise, and un-
circumcised generation. But, sir, that speech ex-
tinguished the last hope of his few remaining
friends.
Those who believed that his efforts to defeat a na-
tional bank were prompted by considerations of
anxiety for the peace and harmony of the Whig
parly, of the position in which a veto would place
the President towards that party, and the effect of
that position on that peace and harmony—those
who believed that his continuance in the cabinet
resulted solely from a conviction that he could there
best serve the country, by conducting to a success-
ful termination our negotiations with England—
were compelled then to admit that they had ex-
tended to him a charity which he did not merit.
Then it was that the painful reality of his tergiver-
sation was fully realized. Then it was, reviewing
the "tout ensemble" of the Secretary's course, that
they discovered that ambition and the love of place,
more than love of country, had counselled him to re-
main in a cabinet from which his highniinded, pure,
and honored colleagues had retired in disgust. And
the honorable Secrelary was not content to remain
in his degraded position in silence. To evince his
subserviency to the President, as a volunteer he
appears in the public prints, and unblushingly her-
alds to the world not only his want of sensibility
to insult, and of manhood to resent and repel it, but
his fixed determination to remain in power, not-
withstanding all the contumely which the Presi-
dent had heaped upon him and his late associates.
In his letter to the editors of the National Intel-
ligencer, under date of 13th September, 1841, he
informs us "that he had seen no sufficient reason
for the dissolution of the late cabinet by the volun-
tary act of its own members."
Sir, the Secretary's optics were not usually sharp.
His eyes were dazzled by the glare of the premier-
ship in present possession, and of the presidential
coronet in the distance. He is a Yankee—belong-
ing to that tribe famed for its coolness of calcula-
tion, especially in all matters of pecuniary and per-
sona! thrift. Sir, I will not intimate that the Yan-
kees are not as sensitive to attacks upon their honor
as others—such an intimation would dishonor mv
own father, and all my kindred; but the Secrelary
seems to be an exception to the general rule of his
caste. The alligator is notdevoid of sensiiivenc-s;
but it is impervious to assault, and the hunter's at-
tempts to reach it are vain. The rebounding balls
of his enemy demonslrate the impenetrable na-
ture of the coat of mail with which nature has
protected him.
The influence of the Secretary over the Presi-
dent issaid to be second to that of no other gentle-
man; but he remains here, "calm as a summer's
morning," the quiet and pleased spectator of the
persecution for opinion's sake which the fatuitou*
rage of the President inflicts upon his ci-devant
brethren.
What cares he that Jonathan Roberts, and thou
sands of others—good men; honest, faithful, and
capable public servants—are rudely ejecied from
office, for no cause other ihan that of an atlachmunt
to Mr. Clay, to make room for the hypocritical ne-
ophytes to Tylerism, so long as he continues quiet-
ly to gnaw the hone of office1?
Sir, the President exacts from Ms dependants a
strict execution of the condition of the bond, though,
it may consist m the performance of services from,
which a well regulated and patriotic spirit would
revolt. The Secretary was becoming enervated
in the enjoyment of inglorious ease at Washington;
an important election was about lo take place in.
Massachusetts; he was therefore ordered by his
taskmaster to gird on the armor, in which, like an-
other Cffiur de Lion, he had so often met and van-
quished the stalwart knights of the ultra Democra-
cy—to couch his unconquered lance against his
once confiding and generous allies.
The same John Tyler who, in his inaugural ad-
dress, proclaimed that "he would remove no in-
cumbent from oflic.e who has faithfully and hon-
estly acquitted himself of the duties of Ins office,
except he has been guilty of an active partisanship,
or by secret means—the less manly, and therefore
the more objectionable—has given his influence to
the purposes of party, thereby bringing the patron-
age of the Government in conflict with the freedom
ot elections;"—this same political pope, who, on the
2Sth of September, issued from the Vatican a pom-
pous bull, threatening decapitation to executive
officers who "had violated the obligations which,
they impliedly assumed on taking office under
(my) his administration, of abstaining from any
active partisanship, or in any way connecting their
offices with paitv politics, or using them for party
purposes;"—thesame John Tyler unblushingly com-
missioned his prime minister to desecrate the "cra-
dle of liberty," insult the Whigs of the old Bay
State, and aid in the achievement of a Locofoco
triumph in that venerable and patriotic Common-
wealth! Who can compare this ukase of the Pres-
ident to the office-holders, with the electioneering
tour of hi? Secretary, and not feel a contempt alike
for master and for manl I know not which most
to abhor—the base hypocrisy of the President, or
the mean servility of the minister.
And thus, in this green morning of our national
existence, for the first lime has been exhibited to the
astonished view of the American people the re-
volting spectacle of a political crusade of a Sec-
retary of State against the peace and integrity of the
parly which elevated him to office, attended wilh.
the pomp and parade of official pageantry, and with,
the delivery of a partisan speech by this same Sec-
retary, as destitute of taste and of power as it was
insulting to the "good men and true" who were
doomed to witness the degradation of their once
beloved orator.
Sir, the time is not distant when the Secretary
would give all the wealth of all the Indies to have
every trace of that speech blotted from the recol-
lection of his countrymen. Would to God I could
throw over it the thick mantle of oblivion, and re-
place its unhappy author on the proud pinnacle he
occupied on the 4th of March, 1841! Vain wish!
The recording angel has performed his office: an
ocean of penitemial tears cannot efface the record.
There will it stand, through all time, a monument
of the frailly and folly of human greatness.
What must have been the anguish of feeling of
men like Abbott Lawrence, when the mendicant
orator, after referring to many offices in the cus-
toms filled wiih Whigs, and to the mission to Eng-
land, so ab y filled bv an accomplished scholar and
statesman—all ot which opposition 10 the adminis-
tration of Mr. Tyler might place in jeopardy—pite-
ous! j- inquires, "Where do the Whigs intend to
place mel Where am I to goT'
Here, again, the fear of the loss of office—the
necessary result, in this reign of terror, of a faithful
adherence to principle—is most plainly developed.
Sir, had there been in that assemblage one true,
honest, and frank friend of the inquiring Secre-
tary, he would, in response, have cited him to the
5th verse of the 27th chapter of St. Matthew, and,
in the spirit of pity and of mercy, would have rec-
ommended toll mi the example of bis great proto-
type, recorded in the verse refeired to by the faith-
ful evangelist.
A great man auilly of ingratitude to his friends,
of the abandonment of his principles for the sake
of office, and of treachery to his party, can find a
resting-place only in the grave. There may his
bones and his faults repose together, in the uncer-
tain hope that the hand of friendship may place on
the title-page ot his biography the charitable tnax-
im, "De morluis nil nisi bonum." But, living, in
vain may he invoke the chanty of the world. He
cannot escape the daily reproaches of friendship
betrayed, of faith violated, and patriotism outraged)
