APffiftDrS TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOE&
m
27TH Cong—.3d Skss.
Commercial i itercourse with China — Mr, J. C. Clark.
H. of Reps
In "the language of Seripture, should he "take the
wings of the morning, and fly to the uttermost parts
of the sea," even there will the voice of violated ob-
ligation reach him, and nightly disturb the repose
01 his bed-chamber.
The inquiry, "Where am I to go?" seems to have
been made in the spirit of deprecatory anticipation.
The4th of March, J845, will soon arrive. Then,
in anguish and bitterness oi soul, will he make the
same inquiry. And the spirit of prophecy need not
be invoked to indite the answer.
Then will rush upon him, with afflictive and
soul-rending force, the frightful recollections of the
past, and painful forebodings of the future. Though
now glittering in the pride of place, the subject of
heartless flattery and of hollow respect, then he
will find "none so poor to do hiin reverence."
And now, the Secretary, having fulfilled his po-
litical embassy, no doubt enjoys with infinite gout
the fruits of his treachery, in witnessing the chair
of the Hancocks defiled by an ultra Democrat—
the abettor of revolutions, the hero of clambakes,
and the instigator of a rebellion which threatened
to wrap a neighboring State in flames, and del-
uge it with blood.
But I must part with the honorable Secretary.
We could have better spared a better man. But.
he has gone; and peace to his political ashes! It
belongs not to me to write his epitaph. An lionest,
patriotic, and betrayed party, and a deserted coun-
try, will, in their own proper time, inscribe on his
headstone an appropriate "hie jacet."
A few words more, however, before final leave-
taking. Sir, the impudence of the Faneuil Hall
speech is in keeping with all the circumstance un-
der which it was delivered. Men of high standing
and exalted worth—Mason, Russell, duincy, Otis,
Saltonstall, Lawrence, and others—had assembled
to greet their old friend, and to hear from his lips
the words of consolation and of hope. And what
did they hear? Was their drooping courage
aroused, to engage with fresh vigor in the battle
then about to be fought in Massachusetts between
the Whigs and their old restless and implacable en-
emies'? Were they urged to the contest by that
voice which so often had cheered them on to vic-
toryl No, sir; nothing like this. They were
compelled to listen to a speech made up of self-
glorification ot the orator; of his apprehensions of
loss of office, if he continued firm to his Whig
principles; and of insolent and unmerited rebuke
of his hearers. In the person of Abbott Lawrence,
then before him, was the chairman of the Massa-
chusetts Whig convention, then lately convened, to
nominate candidates for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor of the State. He and his associates in
the convention were denounced for their virtue and
independence, in declaring to the world a final sep-
aration between the Whigs of the old Bay State
and their recreant President. Their right to utter
these sentiments was challenged and denied; and
they were insultingly told that they were sent to the
convention for no such purpose.
In imitation of all similar conventions, they had
adopted resolutions expressive of their opinions ot
public men and public measures; and for this ex-
pression they received at the hands of the arrogant
Secretary the castigation of his censure.
[Here Mi. Clark's hour expited. He gave no-
tice that he would write out the balance of his re-
marks, He intended, if time had permitted, to have
said something like the following:]
And, sir, it was not sufficient that the excellent
gentlemen referred to were thus grossly insulted in
public by an impudent, itinerant Secretary; but two
of them—Abbott Lawrence, and my friend, the hon-
orable gentleman who so ably represents, the Essex
district, [Mr. Saltonstall,] and who, by his gen-
uine moral and political firmness, has endeared
himself to every Whig in the Union--were selected
by the Secretary as the peculiar subjects of ridicule
and lampoon. They were caricatured in the col-
umns of the court journal under the control ot
Tyler, Webster, & Co., in the following article,
under the date of Oct. 13, 1813:
"Messrs, Webster and Gushing, it seems, have
been guilty of the gross, the enoimous offence of
censuring the proceedings of a convention where
Abbott Lawrence presided, and which Leverett
Saltonstall addressed.
"The Secretary of State finding fault with the
decisions of an owner of spinning jennies and a
retailer of tapes and cottons! Ye gods! it doth
amaze me. Is there no law m Boston for scanda-
)um magnatum? No consideration of the decen-
cies of station? Boston can be correct Boston no
longer, if she allows an individual of mere intellec-
tual notoriety and some slight political standing,
to publicly admonish—nay, censure, 'berate and be-
labor,' (those are the very words)—a man whose vast
mind has been deeply engaged in the coloring of
cloths, and whose arithmetical science is so pro-
foundly available. And Caleb Cnshing belabors
Leverett Saltonstall I I^ejeu ne vaut pas la clum-
delle; i.e the man who can hunt down an antler of
ten, belittles his reputation by knocking over a poor
Leverett."
Whether the same number of the paper contain-
ed the assertion that the Faneuil Hall speech and
General Scott's letter had "put an end to Clay's
prospects," or whether it contained the annuncia-
tion of the Whig defeat in Georgia m capitals—
"The work goes bravely on!" "Great destruction
of'coons in Georgia!"—I do not at this moment re-
member.
And thus it is, that an expression of a difference
of opinion with Mr. Webster subjects the most
pure and intelligent merchants and statesmen of the
country to the ribald scoffs and sneers of a man
who is unworthy to unloose the latehet of their
shoes.
Were there not m that convention those whose
hearts throbbed with indignant emotion at this inso-
lent assumption of ministerial prerogative? If
there were not, then, indeed, has the blood of their
revolutionary sires, of their Hancock, and of their
Adams, ceased to flow in the veins of their de-
scendants.
Sir, I will not impute to these excellent men
the slightest insensibility to insult; and I hazard
lit!le in saying that, could the Secretary have look-
ed into the recesses of their tortured bosoms, while
listening to this outpouring of vanity, egotism, and
venom, he would have discovered a conflict of emo-
tions in which contempt and indignation weie
struggling for the mastery.
And here 1 must take leave of the honoiable
Secretary; and, in so doing, let me commend to his
attcniion the fable of the kmd-heartcd husbandman
and the frozen adder. Sir, 1 leave him to ponder
on its moral, and draw from it what consolation he
may.
But the honorable Secretary, though pre-eminent,
stands notalonc in the deformity in which ingrati-
tude and treachery have clothed him. In the per-
son of the Secretary of War, he has found a wil-
ling, if not an efficient coadjutor. Though he may
not successfully compete with him in intellectual
strength, he may aspire, with no humble pretension,
to a fair portion of the honors with which insensi-
bility, cold-heartedness, sordid ambition, and 1s-
cariotism adorn their possessors. To a head of no
inconsiderable strength and clearness, he joins a
heart rased in triple steel, and responsive alore to
the calls of self-aggrandizement. Untiring in ap-
plication, and prompt in manoeuvre, he watches,
with cat-like intensity, the tevohuions of the politi-
cal wheel, and, careless of the power that propels it,
obtains a quiet lodgment in its topmost bucket.
Though an Issachar in politics, "crouching down
between two burdens" to effect his objects, his great
archdvpe undoubtedly is Dan, who, in the pro-
phetic, language of the dying patriarch, was to be
"a serpent in the way, an adder in the path, biting
the horse's heels, so that his rider should fall back-
ward."
Although the honorab'e the Secretary of War
has en ctfd many astounding political summersets,
he has exhibited, in his recent demonstration of
ground and lofty tumbling, a rapidity and boldness
of movement, a suppleness of conformation, an apt-
itude for juxtaposition, and a flipflappishness of
harlequinry, which may well excite the unbound-
ed admiration and applause of the most accomplish-
ed performers in the ring.
In September, 1841, the Secretary, indignant at
the outrages committed by the President upon the
honor and principles of the Whig party in New
York, and acting upon that occasion as its cham-
pion,'issued an address to the party, appealing to
their injured patriotism and wounded pn<<e to meet
in convention at Syracuse to express their feelings
of abhorrence at the usurpations and treachery of
the President. In pursuance of this appeal, the
convention met. But where was the burning and
indignant John C. Spencer, whose voice was to have
aroused the dormant Whigs from their lethargy,
infused new life and energy into their chilled veins,
and rallied them to the polls at the election then
fast approaching? Sir, he was among the missing.
To the summons himself had issued, there was en-
dorsed a return of "non est inventus," While, in
obedience to that call, his faithful brethren were in
consultation in Tegard to the adoption of measures
best calculated to advance the best interests of the
party and the country, Mr. Spencer, like a cower-
ing and skulking culprit, afraid that the honest sun
should peer out upon his treason, was crouching
in a darkcorner of a dingy room at Brown's, in this
ciiv, taking lessons from his fugleman in the art
and mystery of making bows, grimaces, and con-
gees, which might beacceptable to the tenantof the
palace.
Sir, the secretaryship of which he is the incum-
bent was offered to, and finally conferred upon
him, for the sole purpose ol defeating the Whigs
in the election reened to. The wire-workers at
Washington knew their man, and the price to be
paid for his apostaey. They knew him to be the
author of the address, and they calculated that his
appointment would lull the Whigs to repose. It
was intended as a wet blanket for the Syracuse
convention, and as an opiate to drug that portion of
the Whig party who yet fondly (;'. e, foolishly)
hoped that John Tyler was true to his principles
and to his party, into a fatal security. It was an
artful game, most foully, wickedly, and, I regret to
add, successfully played. The Whig party in the
State was once more prostrated at the feet of the
Locofoco Dagon—not by the power of open, gener-
ous enemies, but by the coldness and apathy of its
friends, produced, in a great degree, by the defec-
tion of Spencer.
Well do I remember, sir, on my return home,
when speaking to some of my Whig constituents
of the recusancy of Mr. Tyler, that 1 was rebuked,
and the appointment of the Secretary was referred
to in proofof the President's fidelity to his party.
Mr. Spencer, by a long course of hypocritical pro-
fession, had become a prominent and leading mem-
ber of the Whig paity in the Slate; and many, un-
acquainted with the history and the passions of the
m."n, were incredulous to the suggestion that he
was to be the instrument of the President for the
prostration of their party in the Empire Stale. But
the delusion has vanished; the scales have fallen
iiom the eyes ot the doubters, and he isnovv pre-
sented in the bald and naked turpitude of his char-
acter. He has performed the dirty work of his
employers, and is now here receiving his reward,
the wages of political iniquity. But, sir, lam hap-
py to say that he no longer possesses the power of
mischief to the Whigs of New York. The lion's
skin has been torn from his recreant shoulders; and
he stands forth a hyena, fattening on the mutilated
corp-es of his recent friends. The impotence of
his last recent effort m the service of his master in
the Stale of New York, was equalled only by its
mendacity and impudence. In my judgment, my
colleague was right when he told us the other day
that, so far from having aided, it actually injured
his (the Loc ofoco) party. The Whigs had become
familiar with his duplicity, and were not again'to
be the subjects of his impositions. A few more
such efforts would have aroused the Whigs
throughout the State to a general and triumphant
rally.
To the close observing portion of the "Whig
parly, no evidence of Mr. Spencer's defection was
wanted, other than that furnished by his acceptance
of a place in acabintt fiom which had been ejecteiT
Crittenden, Bell, Granger, and Ewing—men whom
the Whig part}' delighted to honor—men in whose
persons the entire Whig party throughout the coun-
try had been insulted by a fickle, vacillating, and
imbecile Executive; expelled, because they would
not compromise their principles, and. like the Sec-
retary of War, play the apostate. I say expelled;
for though the members of the cabinet"(wuh one
notable and dishonorable exception) resigned, yet
a further continuance m it h.^d become incompati-
ble with self-respect, and with their duty to their
party and the country. No true Y/hig, having the
slightest respect for himself or for Whift princi-
ples, would have occupied a place from which the
patriotic and talented Bel! had been driven for his
steadfast devotion to those principles.
Sir, the labors of iove of Mr. Spencer were as
useless as they were gratuitous and insulting; and
he has no just right to join his colleague in office
and in guilt, who aided in the overthrow of the
Whigs in Massachusetts, in shouting pEeans. to the
triumphs of Locofocoism in the State oi'New York,
achieved by his agency.
It is said', however, that he has contrived to inv*
