f
FeK
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
27th Cong 3d Sess,
7 he Fxch quer-- Mr. 7 all-mad ge.
Senate.
foundation of the present Government. It owed
its conception to the sagacity of the ablest man that
ever stood at the head of our national finances—•
Alexander Hamilton; who, in 1791, recommended
•a resort to such an institution as a remedy for the
extreme derangement then existing in our monetary
and financial affairs. Its suceess answered ad-
mirably to the powerful judgment of him who had
proposed it. Scarcely had it gone into existence,
when the confusion which it was meant to remedy
stood rebuked. Order at once rose up out of the
chaos and embarrassment of the treasury, and
soundness out of the derangement of the circula-
tion. For twenty years, lending these advantages
to oar moneyed system, it stood, the very capital
of the column of this great man's just fame. In
1811, however, when its charter ran out, a set of
republicans a good deal more righteous than George
Washington and the other patriots who founded
the Government and this bank almost together,
voted it anti-republican, and refused its re-charter.
Still, in that day, what called itself republicanism
%vas not so wise as to scorn the most positive ex-
perience, the clear demonstrations of actual fact;
so that when, after five years' trial of the fiscal and
constitutional advantages of being without a bank,
they found themselves, in 1816, involved anew in
all that financial confusion which had been so
happily removed by the original creation of the
bank, they, the republican opponents of that dan-
gerous institution, re-established it.
I need scarcely say, sir, that, as before, it lifted
thefinances and currency ofthe country out of the
mire, where they were stuck; and gave us, until a
new political war was declared against it, a cur-
rency asperfectas any commercial country im*he
world ever possessed. In spite, however, of these
conspicuous benefits, and the manifest rashness of
abandoning, for a more than questional experiment,
a system which had so admirably performed its
great and difficult functions, the country allowed
itself once more to be hurried, by the all powerful
influence of a single great leader, into a fresh de-
molition of the bank, and a new essay of eurrency-
mongering.
In accordance with the views of the party with
which, from my first entrance into public life, I had
acted, I myself, in 1831, was opposed to the re-
charter ofthe bank. The Senate will pardon me
if I repeat a little incident which occurred soon
after I took my seat in this body, and which my
own subsequent impressions have often served to
recall to my recollection. After an incidental
discussion on this subject, in which I had taken
part, a distinguished Senator from Kentucky said
to me: "Sir, there was a youngman from the West
in Congress in 1811; and he, upon the constitu-
tional notions that are now governing you, voted
against re-chartering the old United States Bank.
Time rolled on, and troubles came. We attempt-
ed to get along without a national bank: but at last
we found that without it we could not manage the
public finances, nor maintain for the country a
sound and uniform currency. That young man
then became convinced by experience that the vote
which he had given in 1811 was wrong; and in
1816 he gave his voice for the charteringof another
United States bank. You have now taken the same
ground that that young man originally did: but,
like him, time and experience will, 1 have no
doubt, eventually convince you that yon have done
wrong."
Sir, I stand here to confess that time and expe-
rience have convinced me accordingly, and to ac-
knowledge that I was wrong, and Mr. Clay right;
that the affairs of the Government and the country
cannot be safely managed without the aid of some
mechanism of that sort; that of such, that of a
United States bank has proved itself far the most
perfect that has ever been tried in this country; and
that it is greatly to be lamented that, through mere
party causes and their unfortunate influences, a
state of public opinion has been brought about which
renders it impossible, now to recur to what is of
itself greatly to be preferred to any other financial
agenfthat we know of.
I need scarcely, sir, do more than advert to the
events ofthe extra session of 1811. For both the bank
bills passed at that session I gave my vote. I re-
gretted, of couise, the negative which the Pres-
ident felt it his duty to put upon them; and regretted
it still'the more, because I considered it as termi-
nating all hope of obtaining for the country the
best and most efficient of financial contrivances,
?ad as reducing us to an expedient of secondary
excellence. For, be the advantages of the older
institution ever so unrivalled, what possibility can
we any longer look to of again carrying that sys-
tem in.o effect, for the extrication of the country
from its present extreme embarrassments'? We
legislate not for what might have been, but for
what i-"; for facts as they exist, not as we would
have them. We have to consider, not what this or
that .party desired to accomplish and could not; but
what it is now possible to effect of best and soundest.
Let gentlemen who yet look to a national bank re-
member that some six or seven years must cer-
tainly elapse before that mode of relief can be
made available to the country. Suppose our pres-
ent hopes to be realized by the election of 184-1:
contested as the subject of a hank must continue to
be, under almost any condition of parties, it must
be nearly the end of the long session of the next
year before a bill for this purpose can pass; another
year to negotiate the stock; another to get the bank
into operation; and at least another before the people
can have been made to feel any of the marked
benefits of the institution. Can the country, bleed-
ing as it is at every pore, wait under its present
agonies for relief so long deferred as thatl No;
some early, some present ease is needed; something
timely to what we now suffer, and not appropriate
merely to a future state of quiet and of comfort.
Having thus, sir, passed in review the chief
points of the history of the most permanent and
solid of the successive fiscal contrivances through
which our financial system has been made to act, I
come next to that confident tesoit of President
Jackson—the State bank deposite system—for the
sake of whose infinitely steadier, more manageable,
and le«s pervertible mechanism, I lie flourishing
finances of the country were dismantled and
knocked down to their lowest stone, in order lobe
rebuilt upon another foundation and of different
materials.
Of that experiment the memory is too recent for
me to have need to say much. Sulhce it to say,
the system was recommended by President Jack-
son, and adopted by the party which sustained his
administration. His prophecies of its entire suc-
eess were too remarkable forme to omit some little
citation of them.
In President Jackson's first annual message after
the deposite-bank system had been put into opera-
tion, he spoke as follows:
"The experience of another yen:- has confirmed the ntlei Mil-
iary of the idea that the Bank ul the United States was necessai y
lis a fiscal agent for the Government. Without us aid, as such
— indeed, in despite of at! ilio embai t-assment it was in 1 v pow-
er to cieate— the revenue ha^ been paid with [.unctuahly by
our citizens; llle business nf exchange, bodi foreign and domos-
t c, has been conducted Willi convenience; and the circulating
medium lias been gieatly improved. Ijy the use of the iSla'e
banks, which do not derive their charters from the Geneial
Government, an.', die not contiotteil by us authority, it is ascer-
tained that Ihe moneys of the United States eaii be collected
arid disbursed without toss or inconvenience, and tha' ail (he
wanls ol the cornmu'iily, in relation to exchange and cunoncy,
arc supplied as well as ihey have been befoie. If, undei cn-
cumsmuces the most unfavorable to tho steadiness of the mo-
ney market, it has been found that die consldeiations on which
die Itank o! die Uniled Slates rested lis claims to [he public fa-
vor weie imaginary and jmmndless, it cannot be doubted that
tho cxpetience of the future wilt be moie decisive against
them
"It tias been seen, that, without the acency of a grt at money-
ed monopoly, the revenue can tie coUected, and conveniently
and safely applied to all the purposes of the public expenditure,
tl is also asceitamed, that, instead of being uecessaiily made to
promote the evils of an unchecked paper system, the manage-
ment ofthe revenue carl be made auxiliaiy to the reform winch
the Leelsta'urcs of several of the States have already commenced
m regard to the suppression of * mall bills; and which has only
to be fostered by proper legubatons on the pan of Confess, to
sectite a practical return, to the extentrequiied for thesecuii-
ly of the cuiiencv, to the constitutional medium. Hcverul
li-om the (: ivt i nrnent as political engines, and not susceptible
ol dangeious extension and combination, the S'aie banks will
not be tempted, nor will they have the power whiclpwe trave
been exercised, to diveitthepu lie funds from'he legitimate
purposes of (he Government. The collection and custody of
the levenue being, on the contiary, a source of cicdn to them,
will increase the secuilty which the States provide, for a faith-
ful execution ol their trusts, by multiplying the. scrutinies to
whldi their operations and accounts will"he subjected. Thus
disused, as we!! from interest as the obligations of their char-
iots, u cannot he doubted tint such conditions as Congress may
'-ce dt to adopt respecting tie depositee in these institutions,
with a view to the gradual disuse of the small bills, wdl tie
cheerfully comphrd wilh; and that we shall soon gain, in
p'ace nf the IJ.ink of the Ilnoed States, a practical rcfoim in
the whole paper sy^em ofthe country. If by ihis policy, we
can ulmyia'cly witness the supj session of alt bank bills below
twenty dollar^, it is apparent that gold p'ld pilvet will take their
nlac., and become the plincipal circulating medium in the
common 'ousioess of the fai mers and mechanics of the country.
The ditammenl of such a result wilt form aneiam ihehistoiy
of our country, which will be dwelt upon with delight by every
true fiiend of i's hb^i'tv and independence. It will lighten the
great tax winch our paper system has s i long collected trom
the earnings of labor, and do moie to revive and perpetuate
those habits of economy and simplicity, which are so congenial
to the chaiscter of republicans, tlian nil the legislation which
has yet been attpmpied."—Message of December, 1 S3.")
Again, in his annual message of the next year,
he holds the same confident language, as follows:
"Experience continues to realize the expectations entertained
as to the capacity of llie Siate banks to perlorni the duties of
fiscal agents for the Government. At the time of the removal
of the deposues, it was alleged by the advocates of the Bank of
the United States thet the State banks, whatever might be the
regulations of tireTieasury Department, coutd not make the
Iransfeis required by ihe Government, ornegotiate Ihe domes-
tic exchanges of the country. It is now well ascertained that
the leal domestic exchanges, performed through discounts, by
the United Stales Bank and ns twenty-five blanches, were at
least one-tbnd loss than those of the deposite banks foi an equal
period of tune; and if a comparison be instituted between (he
amounts of service rendered by these insdlutions, on the broad-
er basis w Inch has bejn used by the advocates of the United
Stales itank, in eslimaimg what they consider the domestic ex-
changes transacted by it, the result will be still more lavorable
to the depotite banks "
lie proceeds to siate the large amount of ex-
changes which the State banks have transacted,
and the laudable public spirit they were displaying
in bringing specie into the country; and then winds
up with the following commendation ofthe system
and its high success:
"In die same manner have nearly all the predictions turned
oul in respect to (lie etlect of die icmova! of the deposites—a
step unquestionably neiessdiy io pievent the evils which. Jt
was foitstvn, the b-mk n*eli would endeawn*tocrealein a final
strug^ioioproctue a renewatof ns ohaiter. It may be thus,
too, m some degree, with tno limber steps which may b ■ taken
to pievom  h«> t^eossive issue of other bank paper; but U is to
be hoped that i'0'hnt<£ will now deler the Federal and State au-
liioriiie.s fjoot ihe fiim and vigorous perfounanre of their du-
uesto Uiciiif-clvce. arid (o the people m this ruspect."
Meaning rather to recall events, by touching on
them, than in any sort to recite them, I will only
lemintl (he Senate with what fury, upon the col-
lapse, of Ibis system, tliey who had consti noted it,
and (for their own political ends) stimulated all its
viet"-, fell not only upon the contrivance itself, and
the paitieulnrly favored banks that made apart of
it, but upon all other State banks. Till now, using
these institutions as their auxiliaries in the war
upon a national one, they had magnified them as
the sole legitimate andconstitutional form of bank-
ing and of finance, ihe only creations of a competent
aullioi ity, the legal offspring and heirs of State
sovereignty, and not les^ safe in a commercial or
fiscal sense than proper in a corporate one. Up to
this point, national banks alone were hydras, mon-
sters, and all that; while State banks were every-
thing that was (air, well-proportioned, and safe;
nay, invested, as to Ihe Federal power, by their origin
from that of ihe States, with an emanation of some-
thing which the former merely derivative and sec-
ondary authority must not lay impious hanUs upon.
Now, however, in the progress of this Jacobin and
Jesuit finance, came anew doctrine—that,because
they had debauched a part of the State banks, all
banks were illegal, and not less a fraud and inimi-
cal to the community when created by State, than
when by Federal authority. In short, the very
system which they and General Jackson had but
a few months before exalted as so safe, so practical,
so constitutional, was at once denounced as the
most grievous of curses, and the most wrongful of
monopolies.
In this warfare upon the deposite banks I did not
join. But ihey were, as everybody knows, speed-
ily crushed; and there was an end of system the
s-ceond.
Ofthe third—that ofthe sub-treasury—my histo-
ry shall not be long; because its life was too short
for any but the briefest commemoration. It had,
as everybody knows, been opposed by thepaity in a
mass on its first introduction in the other House by
General Gordon, of Virginia. Tins, however, did
not hinder its being taken up on the explosion of the
former plan of finance. Still, it could not be ear-
ned until thrice recommended by President Van
Buren, with the endorsement of General Jackson.
Finally it passed; but only went into operation to
show how hollow it was of all that it was pretended
to be; how illusive as to all its promised solidity;
how unreal, except in the dangerous power it pos-
sessed, and the irresponsibility, the corruption, and
the peculation to which it gave scope. In a word,
it lived but long eiwugh to draw down a general
mockeiy and odium.
Such, sir, has been this series of improvements
in currency and finance, up to the last, vet unacted
on—the exchequer project of President Tyler or his
Cabinet.
When, at the last session of Congress, this plan
was p'aced before you, much discussion arose here
on the question of its reference. In that discussion
I took no part, choosing to reserve myself for an,.
