208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 184S!.
7TH CON®----3B
Fine, on General Jackson—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
The wise and enlightened statesmen of England
cannot but feel that an innovation like this upon
the established law of nations, in this, the nineteenth
century—involving, as its natural corollary, conse-
quences so startling—would, by a necessary in-
stinct of self-preservation, unite all the other
maritime powers of the world in one firm con-
federacy against them, for the protection of their
common rights. I trust in the influence of reflec-
tions such as these, joined to that sober spirit of
practical raodeiation which has thus far favorably
distinguished the present public councils of Great
Britain, to insure the continuance of general peace.
In the maintenance of peace and harmony between
England and America, there are so many recipro-
cal interests of the highest importance involved,
commercial, moral, and political, that nothing can
be wanted but a calm and collected temper on the
part of the constituted authorities ofboth countries,
■unmoved by those general denunciations on the
one side and the other—which are, unfortunately,
but too well fitted to inflame national animosities—
to bring to a safe and satisfactory termination every
remaining question between them.
SPEECH OP MR. MILLER.
OP N<iW JERSEY.
In Senate, February 17, 1843—On the bill to re-
store to General Jackson the fine imposed upon
him by the district court of the United States in
Louisiana.
Mr. Present: The professed object of this bill
is to refund to General Jackson a fine of ®1,000,
imposed upon him by the district court of the
United States in Louisiana, on the 3lst day of
March, 1815, for certain contempts committed by
him against that court.
Although this be the humble design of the bill—
the mere settlement of a private claim—there has
been thrown around it an unusual degree of inter-
est and feeling. It has been magnified into a pub-
lic measure, and is pressed upon our consideration
as if it were a great national concern. The politi-
cal parties of the day are taking sides upon this
measure; politicians are making a hobby of it; Stale
Legislatures have passed resolutions instructing
their Senators to vote for the bill; and even the
President of the United States has deemed it his
duty to bring this matter before Congress, under
that clause of the Constitution which authorizes
him to give infoimation of the state of the Union.
Thus, sir, has this private bill been withdrawn
from the greul vortex of neglected claims, and
magnified into a public measure, and glorified
into an affair that concerns tin- state of the Union.
The urgency with which this matter is pressed,
is not very complimentary to our sense of equal
rights There are many poor claimants, who, for
years past, have been urging Congress to decide
upon their claims, and who have' gone down to
their graven bankrupt through our inaction; yet no
sooner is this claim presented, than our Justice tears
the bandage from her eyes; and, beholding the hcio
of New Orleans, thrusts aside every other claim,
and proceeds, with timid and nervous haste, to com-
ply with his demand.
• The notoriety which has been given to this claim,
the various and powerful collateral influences
which have been brought to its aid, induce me to
pause and examine more carefully the merits of
this bill.
Neither the political influence northeini'.itary ie-
nown which surround the character of the distin-
guished applicant, shall induce me lo regard this
claim with more complacency than I would look
upon the petition of the poorest man or the most
humble soldier that ever served his country.
I wish to confine myself to the simple facts of the
rase, and upon them, and them alone', fo decide this
matter. All that has been said about the glorious
victory of New Orleans—the services, civil and
military, of General Jackson—ought nut to aflect
this matter, i'hiy form no part of the facts of the
case, and should, therefore, have no influence upon
the judgment of the Senate. General Jackson him-
self discards all these collateral matters, and puts
his claim upon the ground that the sentence im-
posed upon him by Judge Had was illegal and un-
just. I read from his letter, dated Hermitage, Au-
gust 1,1842, directed to Jacob G,bson, esq.:
"Dear Sia: I have the pieasihe to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the lyth ultirm, informing metlu:t a johjt res.
olution passed the Legislature of New Hampshire, at their
June session, 1842, of which you are a member, instructing
your Senators in Congress, and requesting your Representatives,
to use their efforts to procure the passage of a law, by Congress,
to refund to me, with interest, the fine imposed by Judge Hall,
in J815, for an alleged contempt, &c.
' For this unsolicited interpositi >nof the Legislature of New
Hampshire to have expur.ged from the record this iniquitous
imputation upon my character, by that unjust and vindictive
Judge Hall, sitting in his own cause, from whose fiat there was
no appeal, it deserves, as it receives, my sincere thanks."
If I could be satisfied that tfiis sentence was in-
iquitous or unjust; or, even if legal, yet, if it were
imposed upon General Jackson for an act required
by the honest discharge of his official duties,—I
would, without hesitation, vote to refund the fine :
for I hold it to be the duty of every Government to
sustain its public servants in the honest discharge
of their duties; and, although they may occasion-
ally mistake the law, yet, if thai were an honest
mistake, I would not punish the agent, but rather
let the consequence fall upon the principal—the
Government—for whose benefit the act was perpe-
trated.
Upon these acknowledged principles, let lis ex-
amine the case. In the first place, we have before
us the record of the proceedings and the sentence,
certified under the seal of the cuuit. By this rec-
ord, it appears that General Jackson was regularly
summoned, heard, tried, and condemned, in and by
one of the district courts of this Government, for
contempt of court, and fined in the sum of $1,000.
It is also admitted that the General submitted to the
judgment ol the court, and paid the fine; and the
judgment still remains of record, having been ac-
quiesced in by the complainant from that time to
this—a period of twenty-eight years.
In ordinary cases, we might here say to the
claimant, "you are estopped by this record, and
by your acquiescence in its truth for the space of
nearly thirty years." It is true that the Govern-
ment never pleads the statute of limitations, yet
there are cases in which the lapse of time be-
comes a material and substantial matter of defence.
The death of the actors in the scene, the forgetful-
ness of the living, may deprive the case of many
of its essential facts. It the State should derive no
advantage from time, neither should the applicant
be permitted to lay by until death has silenced his
adversary, or until some new adventitious circum-
stance has popularized his claim.
But, sir, I am willing to forego all these consid-
erations, and to look behind this record, and exam-
ine (he facts upon which it is founded,
What are these facts'? On the evening of the
5th of March, 1815, about two months after the
battle of New Orleans, Mr. Morel, a counsellor at
law, called at the house of Judge Hall, and pre-
sented to him a petition to issue a wiit of habeas
cm pus in behalf of Louis Louallier, who, as said,
was held in illegal imprisonment under the order
of General Jackson. The judge, after reading the
petition, and swearing Mr. Morel as to the truth of
the facts therein stated, endorsed upon the petition
the following order:
' Let the prayci of the petition be granted, ond the pen-
tinner be brought before me at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning "
At the time of granting this order, Judge Hall
stated to Mr. Morel "that he thought it would be
proper for him to write a letter to General Jack-
son, to inform htm that the wiit had been awarded.''
Mr. Morel then states that he carried the order to
the clerk of the district court, and then went to his
office, where he wrole the letter intimated by the
Judge, of which the following is a copy:
To his Excellency Major General Jackson.
''Sik. I hfivft ihe honor to inlorm your excellency that, as
counsel, I have made application to his honor Domimck A.
Hall, judge of the si net couir of the United States, for a writ
ol habeas corpus m Delicti/ ol Mi. Louallier, who conceived
that he was illegally arrested by order of your excellency: and
that the «aid wiit lias been awarded, and is returnable to mor-
row. 6Ji mst., at 11 o'clock, a. m.
"I have the honor to be your excellency's most humble and
obedient ?et vam, P. L MOREL, Counsellor at Law."
As soon as General Jackson read this letter,
as it appears by the affidavits of Mr. Duplessis
and Colonel Arbuckle, he issued the following or-
der:
"Headquarters 7th Military District,
"New Orleans, Maich 5,1815—7 o'clock, p. ni.
"Hiving received proof that Doinimctc A. Hall has been mi-
ing and abetting and cxcitiosf mutiny within my camp, you
wii! forthwith order a detachment to arrest and confine htm,
and report to me as soon as arrested. You will be vigi-
iant; the agents ol our enemy aie more numerous than was ex-
pected. You will be guarded against escapes.
"ANDREW JACKSON,
IVfajoi General commanding
' Lt. Col. Arbuckle. 3d Infantry."
At about eight o'clock of the evening of the same
5th of March, a deuch merit of sixty armed men,
tinder ihe command of Major Butler, were seen
marching hastily through the streets of New Or-
leans; they enteied the dwelling of Judge Ball,
forcibly arrested him, and conveyed him to themil-
itary barracks, where he was held a prisoner until
the 11th of March, when General Jackson ordered
him to be removed out of the city, as appears from
the following order:
"IIi-aqttuaiitero 7tii Military DivistON,
"In bw Orleans, March 11,1813.
"Sir: You will detail from your troop a discreet non-eommis-
siorietl officer and four men, and direct them to call on the ojfi.
cer commanding the 3dUoite<l States infantry fot* Dominick
A Halt, who is confined in the guard house for exciting muti-
ny and desertion within the encampment of the city.
"Upon the receipt of the prisoner, the non commissioned offi-
cer willcOiiduct him up the coast, beyond the lines of General
Carroll's encampment, deliver him the enclosed order, and set
him at libeity. By command:
"TIIOS. BUTLER, Aid de-camp.
"Capt. P. V. Oodkn,
Commanding troop of cavalry, New Orleans."
From these facts it appears—
1. That the only act committed by Judge Hall,
previous to his arrest, was the granting an order
for a writ of habeas corpus, upon the sworn pe-
tion of a citizen, alleging that he was illegally in-
prisoned.
2. That for this act, and this alone, Gen. Jackson
ordered the person of the Judge to be seized and
imprisoned.
3. That the object of this arrest was to defeat the
writ of habeas corpus.
I say that the only act charged upon Judge Hall
was the order, "Let the prayer of the petitioner be
granted " There is not a particle of evidence to
be collected from the record, from the affidavits
made by the several actors in the same, or from
the various statements made by General Jackson
himself, charging upon ihe Judge any other cause
of offence than this. General Jackson did not even
wait for the consummation of the order; but, as
soon as he read the courteous note from Mr. Morel,
informing him that an application had been made
for a habeas corpus, the order for arrest was forth-
with issued and put in force. It is true that, in the
order for the arrest of Judge Hall, General Jack-
son states that he had received proof "that Domi-
nick A. Hall had been aiding and abettiDg and ex-
citing mutiny in his camp."
Now, sir, I ask for this proof. Can any of the
friends of General Jackson point it outl Can they
name the witness, living or dead, who has ever
stated a fact implicating Judge Hall in the high
crime charged in that orderl General Jackson
speaks of proof—not allegation,hearsay, or surmise.
Surely,no honorable man, respecting the rightsand
liberties of his feIlow-citi2ens, would ever venture,
not only to make a charge like this against a high-
ly respectable functionary, but to condemn him un-
heard, without having plenary evidence of his
guilt. Yet, when we examine the facts of this
case, we find that the only proof upon which Gen.
Jackson actcd was the letter of Mr. Morel, inform-
ing him that Judge Hall had granted an order for
a writ of habeas corpus. This was the proof that
Judge Hall had been abetting and exciting mutiny.
The awarding of a writ of habeas corpus declared
to be a proof of a mutinous act; the performing: a
constitutional duty converted into a crime; the great
bulwark of human liberty struck down at a blow,
and made the cause of oppression and imprison-
ment ! Does the lecord of any court, civil or mili.
tary, upon the face of the earth, present an exam-
ple of an arrest of a freeman, upon proof like
thi>2
After reading that peremptory order for the ar-
rest, I confess that I felt anxious, for the sake of
General Jackson, and for the honor of the coun-
try, to find some additional fact—even a circum-
stance—that might afford some excuse for a proceed-
ing so bold and aibitrary; but I have searched in
vain. No other proof can be found. And the case
stands now as it did on the 5th of March, 1815—a
Judge arrested and imprisoned for mutiny, upon
proof that he had granted an order for a writ of
habeas corpus!
Inow proceed to show that General Jackson's
object in arresting the Judge was to defeat the writ
of habeas corpus. This is an important point, in-
volving a mighty principle, deeply affecting the
liberty of the citizen and the supremacy of the laws
and the Constitution of the country.
Ifil should appear, from the investigation of this
case, that the arrest of Judge Hall was not for in-
citing mutiny, as alleged in General Jackson's or-
der, nor necessary to the defence of New Qyrleans,
