f
JM>. 184#.
APPEND FX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hi
27th Cong 3d Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
parties that we leave this matter as the history of
the times records it. Let the controversy between
the civil and military power—between the Geneial
and the Judge—remain settled as it is by the record.
It is well settled, and we cannot alter it if we would.
The hero General met the hero Judge in sharp
conflict; the General imprisoned the Judge, and the
Judge fined the General; the one lost his liberty, the
other his money. We cannot now readjust the mat-
ter upon equal terms. You may gratify the feelings
of General Jackson by returning this fine; but what
becomes of the outrage upon the Judge"! Is there
no sympathy for his wrongs'! Dragged from his
house by armed men; marched through the public
streets; branded with crime; the object of scorn and
contempt; imprisoned, and then banished as an out-
lawed traitor—his wrongs have never been redress-
ed. He went down to his grave an injured and in-
sulted man, long to be remembered for his unequal
contest with the hero of New Orleans. Not so with
General Jackson. This petty fine, this sentence of
contempt, now remembered by him with so much
soreness, was unheeded at the time, amidst the
shouts of his triumph; and was, for a while, forgot-
ten, in the enjoyment of those high honors bestowed
upon him by his grateful country. Yet his friends
are not satisfied. The record of this sentence is
still in existence. After twenty-eight years of glo-
ry won and enjoyed in other fields, they now pro-
pose to conduct their hero, with all Congress in his
train, back to the first field of his triumph, New Or-
leans; not to celebrate his victory over the enemies
of bis country, but rather to sanction his triumph
over the laws and Constitution of our Republic; and
the grand ceremony of this fete will be to tear in
fragments, over the grave of Dominick A. Hall, this
record—the only monument left us of an independent
and upright judge. I, for one, will have no part in
the pageant.
SPEECH OF MR. BARNARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, February 20,
1843—In Committee of the Whole on the slate
of the Union, on the bill reported front the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means m relation to treas-
ury notes.
Mr. Barnard offered to add to that bill, by
way of amendment, the substance of a bill laid on
the table some time since by him, and printed, and
which, at the time, he had proposed to offer as a
substitute for the exchequer bill of the Select Com-
mittee on the currency, (Mr. Cushino's bill,) when-
ever that bill should be taken up. Mr. Barnard's
bill, now offered as an amendment to the treasury
note bill, was entitled "A bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to borrow a sum of money,
not exceeding fifteen millions of dollars, of State
banks, and to adopt an equal amount of currency,
■which shall be receivable in payment of Govern-
ment dues."
This amendment having been received—
Mr. BARNARD addressed the committee to the
following effect:
Mr. Chairman : On the whole, sir, I do not know
that any more fit occasion for bringing forward the
provisional measure on the subject of the currency
which I have had the honor to propose, could well
be presented, than that which is now offered; and I
have felt obliged, therefore, to decline the appeal
made to me by my friend, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Fillmore,]
that I would forbear to press this measure at the
present time. I must insist on embracing this occa-
sion to discharge myself of a great public duty;
and, having a very "distinct notion of what this
House owes to the country on the subject which I
have now brought to its notice, I am not disposed
to let this opportunity slip of exacting from it
some action in regard to that subject. It will not
do to say that my bill is not germane to the subject
before the committee. The two subjects ate inti-
mately related. Nor will the plea of lack of time
avail anything. If there is time to perpetuate an
issue of twelve millions of treasury notes, for the
relief of the treasury—which is what the bill of
the Ways and Means proposes—there is time to
consider a proposition for changing the form of
that indebtedness—which is what my bill proposes,
with the advantage of supplying to the country, by
means of that change of form, what the country
now so much needs, and so imperatively demands
i ample, and a safe, sound, and uniform nation-
al currency. It will not do to say, as we .have
heard said and repeated this morning, that the pub-
lic business must first be done—as if there were no
other public business than the passing of appropri-
ation bills, and bills to issue or perpetuate treasury
notes. Sir, this which I propose is public business,
and public business of some consequence too; and,
if gentlemen are not sensible of the fact now, they
may be made so, perhaps, when our common mas-
ter, the people, come to reckon with us on the sub-
ject. In the condition in which the monetary and
business affairs of this Government and of this
country nov? are, and have been for a considerable
period, no one thing can be named of such indis-
pensable necessity as the restoration of a sound
and uniform national currency. It is the vital air
to the body politic—an indispensable requisite to
its healthy existence. It may, in my opinion, be
now, at once, procured and restored, by a very sim-
ple and a very safe financial measure, which, for
itself, and without reference to the matter of cur-
rency, is strongly demanded by the condition of
the treasury.
The bill of the Ways and Means is professedly
a bill for the relief of the treasury; and it proposes
that relief through the old mode (become so hack-
neyed within the'last six years) of treasury notes.
This is the ready resort and panacea prescribed in
these latter times, for all the distempers of our ex-
hausted exchequer. Whenever this abused patient
of ours—victim, as he has been, of alternate pleth-
ora and inanition—shows symptoms of collapse
or syncope, forthwith he is to be blown up, like a
bladder, with treasury notes. Treasury notes are
his hartshorn and his lavender; they have recov-
ered him from many a heart-sickness and deadly
swoon, within the last six years; and it is really
surprising how their virtues hold out, considering
how frequently, and almost constantly, they have
been resorted to and applied. Sir, I have never
yet, I believe, voted for a treasury-note bill. I
might do so, without any direct violation of con-
science or principle, if I could see a proper case or
exigency for a measure of the sort. They might
be used, as exchequer bills are used in England, to
anticipate incoming revenue; but they ought not
to be lightly resorted to, to take the place of rev-
enue, of as a mode of borrowing for the support of
Government, especially in time of peace. They
have now been thus employed for almost six years
uninterruptedly. They were so used by the last
Administration, against which we Whigs earnest-
ly remonstrated; and, coming into legislative power,
we Whigs have adopted and continued the prac-
tice—with how much more urgent necessity on our
part, the country will determine. And it is now
proposed to employ still further this means of rais-
ing the wind for the treasury; it is proposed to
give authority to the treasury to reissue tlie whole
batch of treasury notes now outstanding—some
twelve millions of dollars, more or less—as they
may be paid in for dues, or come in for redemp-
tion. The greater part are already past due, and
do not come in for payment, only because we have
added to our promise to pay interest on them till
due—which was the footing on which they origin-
ally stood—a promise to pay interest on them till
redeemed.. And it is proposed by this bill to add
the like promise in regard to the rest and residue
of the outstanding notes. Sir, I do not like this
Jeremy-Diddler way of supporting this Govern-
ment. These notes, every one of them, were is-
sued payable in one year from date, and it con-
cerned the credit and honor of the Government
that they should have been promptly met at matu-
rity. This subsequent promise of paying interest,
to prevent the holders from demanding payment
of the principal—this purchase, in market overt, of
the lenity and forbearance of our creditors—is not
the sort of transaction that I, for one, can take any
pride in, as an American citizen. If the Govern-
ment unhappily could do no better, why, very well;
and I hope the^e has been more actual necessity
for this sort of proceeding than I have been able to
discover. At any rate, coming, as the renewed
proposition does, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, I shall not set myself up against it; though
it must be carried, if at all, by other votes than mine.
1 have not moved to strike out the bill of the Ways
and Means, and substitute mine for it; I propose
my bill as an amendment, to be added to theirs;
they will consist very well with each other in the
same enactment. If my plan should chance to be
adopted, and then it should be found that the State
banks should refuse to lend us money on the terms
proposed, the treasury would still have the treasury
notes to resort to; while, on the other hand, if the
banks should assent to our terms and lend us the
money, there would not only be no necessity for
any reissue of treasury notes, but all the outstand-
ing notes might be promptly redeemed. The bill
of the Ways and Means is, as I have said,'a bill
for the relief of the treasury. So is mine; and, I
venture to think, much the more important and ne-.
cessary bill of the two, not only forthe relief of the
treasury, but for the relief of the country also.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am free to confess—in-
deed, '1 wish it to be understood—that my main
purpose is to procure, by the plan I propose, a cur-
rency of national import and character for the
country. This is the great want of the country.
Upon this question, more than any other, the politi-
cal revolution of 1840 turned. The Whig party
came into power upon the solemn promise and
pledge to give the country a sound national cur-
rency. The general expectation was, that this was
to b#done by means of a bank of the United
States. The mode, however, was not so much
dwelt upon; it was the object and the thing that
was chiefly discussed, promised, and expected. The
local currencies were in the most deranged condi-
tion; the utmost confusion reigned in the exchanges;
the regular flow of business was obstructed and in-
terrupted in all its channels. There was stagna-
tion, and distress, and ruin everywhere. It was
universally felt that the process of restoration must
begin at Washington. It was this Federal Govern-
ment which had brought on all this mischief, by its
unhallowed war on the best currency the world
ever saw, and which had then coolly turned its
back on the confusion and desolation it had crea-
ted, and declared that it did not belong to this Gov-
ernment to have anything to do with currency and
exchanges. The demand of the people was, that
it should have something to do with this subject;
and that demand was uttered with the voice of au-
thority, and in tones of thunder. They called on
the name of the Whig party, which they clothed
with the ensigns of political power, and command-
ed them to go promptly to the work of relief and
restoration. And we promised to do it. The coun-
try must have a sound and uniform national cur-
rency, and we promised that it should be supplied.
This was the only way to bring order, regularity,
and safety out of the confusion and rottenness which
prevailed in the local currencies and in the ex-
changes; and we promised it should be done. Be-
fore God, and many a cloud of witnesses, we made
this solemn engagement. There was one condi-
tion, and one only, annexed, by necessary implica-
tion, to this engagement. The mode of reaching
and accomplishing the object must be in strict con-
formity to the Constitution, and to our own well-
understood principles. We were not bound to vio-
late either the Constitution or our own consciences;
but we were bound to accomplish the object, only
leaving these intact.
And, Mr. Chairman, never was a great duty en-
tered upon with more alacrity, resolution, and zeal.
Never was there a more honest endeavor to per-
form an honest undertaking and trust. An extra
session of Congress was convened, and we went to
work like men at the subject of the currency,
though, in the mean time, we had lost the elected
bead and chief of our party and of the Adminis-
tration. Still, we did not shrink from our duty and
our engagements. At that period, nothing but a
bank was thought of in any quarter, whether in
Congress, at the Treasury Department, or at the
Executive mansion. Various plans were suggest-
ed—to Congress, in Congress, and by the Executive;
and they were all plans of banks. Nobody seemed
then to think or dream of anything else. By com-
mon consent and agreement, at that period, the cur-
rency of the country was to be supplied and regu-
lated through an incorporated national bank. Two
attempts were made in Congress to establish
such a bank; two such banks in succession were
created, to neither of which would the Presi-
dent yield his assent; and it became, at last,
apparent to everybody that he would yield
his assent to nothing in the shape or simili-
tude of an incorporated national bank. Thus
ended at once all hopes of supplying a currency by
means of a national bank for the term of Mr. Ty-
ler's administration. It remained to be seen'whether
the same object could be accomplished through any
other agency, which should be free from constitu-
tional and other insuperable difficulties. Mr. Ty-
ler and some of his advisers were of opinio# It
