APPENDIX tO,. CONGRESSIONAL QLOB&
%k im
27frift€fei tr"St> 8BSS.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Barnard
H. of Keps.
could, be; and a plan for this purpose was submitted
{©'Congress from the Executive department at the
last, as it has been again at the present session.
This is the exchequer plan, which has gained, cer-
tainly, <i great deal of notoriety, if it hasnotgain-
ed'tfrach success. It was silently, condemned by
Ciftgt^s at the last session, and it has been con-
demned1^' (he present session in this House by the
most'sweeping and significant vote which, I venture
to', ts 'ever passed on a measure of Execu-
tive recom mendation.
This' condemnation, thus passed on the Execu-
tive-plan of an exchequer, must be deemed to have
reached, also, the same exchequer scheme as modi-
- fteA'in the bill brought in by the Select Committee
ord-' the Currency, (Mr. Cusiiing's bill.) Let the
gentleman from Massachusetts bring his bill to the
test of the yeas and nays, and he shall see how
rnueh, or rather how little, favor his scheme will
command in this House. It is the same scheme, in
substance, already stamped, not with disapproval
merely, but with reprobation. The gentleman's
exchequer differs from the Executive plan iwtwo
particulars, not unimportant in themselves, but in
HQ manner affecting the character of the measure.
Ms the exchequer still; it is just what it was in its
original conception, what it always has been, and
always must be. It is an Executive treasury with
sab-treasuries, as contradistinguished from "the
treasury of the United States," as established by
law in the first session of the first Congress, and
employed from that day to this with the universal
approval of the American people, excepting during
one single yfear under the last Administration. It
is also an Executive commercial bank of deposite
and exchange—a Government bank, to be managed
and conducted by officers of Executive appoint-
ment, and to deal with individuals on individual
account.
One respect in which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has modified the Executive plan is in
withdrawing from the exchequer board and agen-
cies the power to purchase exchange. The power
to'sell exchanges, however, remains, and may be
exercised to any extent, and with all that latitude of
disbretion in regard to prices and persons which
could not fail to make this machine apolitical en-
gine of the grossest favoritism and corruption. At
any rate, with this power to deal in exchanges, and
the power to receive the money of individuals and
Jnrnish bank paper money thereior, the exchequer
is out of all question a Government bank, and, as
such, can never receive the support of those so re-
garding it, who desire to see the Constitution and
Government preserved. Even the friends of the
measure advocate it only by denying roundly that
the'exchequer is a Government bank—a denial
which admits of no support, that I can discover, but
naked and bold assertion.
Another modification of the executive plan,
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, is
m substituting for any fund a specie basis of dol-
lar for dollar for the paper issues of the Govern-
ment. As a principle of banking, I must be al-
lowed to say that I nold this proposition in no sort
of respect. It is commended to our admiration by
an epigrammatic remark of its author, that "for
every paper eagle on the wing, it has a gold eagle
in hand." But it is evident the gentleman has
wholly mistaken the character and habits of the
bird he was describing. He seems to suppose that
these are gregarious—that they fly only in flocks,
like wild geese in their migrations; and that when
they get tired of being on the wing, and alight,
they alight all at once and all together. It was im-
portant, therefore, in his^estimation, to make provis-
ion beforehand for this peculiarity of habit, by
hiving constantly on hand an equal number of
golden eagles for his weary paper eagles to settle
down upon. Now, this is certainly an error in
the gentleman's natural history, which one so truly
learned ought not to have made. It detracts ma-
terially from the merits of the contribution lie was
making to the interesting science of ornithology.
These paper eagles are not gregarious; they fly
eithfcr singly or in small detached covies; and, like
swallows of a sunny day, some, and by far the
greater number, are always on the wing while
others are at rest. To drop the gentleman's figure,
it "Would be a mere wanton waste of property, be-
sides being a temptation to all manner of corrup-
tion, if the Government, issuing convertible paper,
were to undertake to keep constantly on hand an
amonnt oi gold and silver equal to the issues. The
idea of its necessity is not obsolete; it is merely ab-
surd. By the very terms of his bill, the paper is-
sues only to those who prefer it to gold and silver;
and the same necessity which obliges the commu-
nity to demand the paper instead of the coin in the
first instance, must continue to operate as long as
there remains any business to transact, and must
lead the community to the continued use of the pa-
per in preference to the coin. Nothing but a sud-
den and universal suspension of business through-
out all the regions of industry and commerce, or a
sudden and universal panic, shaking and unset-
tling the foundations of all credit and of the Gov-
ernment itself, could ever drive home in one day,
or in one period, the whole outstanding mass of
paper issues. There should always be a large and
broad basis of specie for all issues of paper, so as to
secure at once, as far as human calculation can go,
actual convertibility and real confidence. No man
has insisted more strongly or more uniformly on
this than I have. But to go beyond this, and insist
on making the metallic basis equal to the circula-
tion, is a good deal worse than a blunder. If
adopted by the Government, in case it turned
banker, much more ought the same rule to be
adopted by all the banks, and it could not end in
anything but fraud; for the specie would as cer-
tainly disappear, as time passed on to show how
useless a hoard it was. Either it would have this
result, or issues would cease altogether; and that
golden era, so much sighed after by the sublimated
Democracy, would be brought in.
But the gentleman's dollar for dollar doctrine is
not objectionable merely as a principle of banking;
it is still more objectionable when taken in connex-
ion with the sub-treasury feature of the exchequer
plan. It makes his sub-treasury incomparably more
dangerous than that of Mr. Van Buren. Under
Mr. Van Buren's scheme, no moneys were to be
kept in the hands ol executive officers, except the
surplus or casual balance of the ordinary revenues
—it might be one or three millions. But the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proposes a sub-treasury,
under which executive officers shall have in their
personal custody not only all the surplus revenues of
the Government, but also twenty millions more of
good gold and silver, under the name of a redemp-
tion fund for outstanding issues! How could any
man have the face to submit such a proposition to
the Representatives of the American people; and to
connect that proposition, too, with another for the
establishment of an out-and-out, undisguised Gov-
ernment bank—and that, not a bank merely dealing
with individuals on Government account, but deal-
ing with individuals on individual account! And
this otfer and attempt is made by this republican,
constitutional, limited Government of ours; and
under an Administration that has distinguished it-
self by the obstinate constitutional scruples which
it has set up against measures of the most salutary
and indispensable character, and which had been
sanctioned by the best opinions, and by a long con-
tinued and repeated practice from the very founda-
tion of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, an incorporated national bank be-
ing out'of the question for the period of Mr. Tyler's
term of office; and the executive plan of an ex-
chequer, with all its modifications, being also con-
demned, and equally out of the question; the inqui-
ry is presented—and it is one of momentotis inter-
est to this great country—whether any other mode
not substantially embraced cither in the plan of a
a national bank, or in that of a Government bank,
and free from insuperable difficulties, can now be
devised and adopted for the accomplishment of the
same great and desirable purpose of supplying to
the country a sound and uniform-national currency1?
If such a mode can be suggested which shall be
found on examination, on the one hand, to promise
complete and happy success, and,on the other, to be
liable to no constitutional or other sound objection,—
then, for one, I shall feel that I have failed in the
most solemn of all my public duties, and of all my
political engagements, if 1 do not exert every facul-
ty I possess in endeavoring to bring about its adop-
tion before this Congress shall be dissolved. Sir, I
believe that the plan set forth in the paper which I
have sent to the Chair, will, ifadopted, accomplish
the important object of supplying, for the uses of
both Government and people, a safe and uniform
national currency; that it has in it nothing in com-
mon either with a national or a Government bank;
and that it will be found on examination to be free
from all serious difficulties or objections.
Ii is proposed, in the plan which I present, to em-
ploy a limited amount of State bank currency,
adopted by this Government in such a manjjgr as
to give it the "odor of nationality"—and th^t in a
way which cannot subject this Government to.; tie
slightest hazard of loss. The Government, it will
be recollected, is at present, and must be. far soowe
time to come, a debtor for borrowed money. Re-
sides a permanent loan, (a part of which will.be-
come payable in a couple of years,) there are iwjw
outstanding eleven and a half or twelve millions of
treasury notes, the greater part of which is rid*
due and payable, and the residue soon will be," and
the whole of which ought promptly to be ta&p ug
and cancelled. It is this necessity of tlie Govexnr
ment, by which it is compelled to become or con-
tinue a debtor for borrowed money, which enables
us to devise a plan for nationalizing a limited
amount of State bank currency, through a conve-
nient money transaction with these banks. Ai very
large proportion of all our outstanding treasury
notes are understood to be in the hands of the bants;
and, so far as these are concerned, to borrow money
now on contracts of loan of the banks, will only be
to change the .form of our indebtedness to them.
Besides our indebtedness on treasury notes, op
mere due-bills—which ought to be paid, and which
it is discreditable to us not to pay promptly at
turity—it is doubted, in some quarters, whether the,
means at the command of the treasury will, without
further aid, carry the Government safely through
to the 1st of January next. The Secretary thinks
he shall have a small balance, if the sum of the ap-
propriations shall not exceed his estimates; and it
is now almost certain that the appropriations will
not exceed, but will fall considerably below, his esti-
mates. But there is still danger (as some contend)
that the revenue, both from customs and lands, may
fall off for the present year even further than he
has yet anticipated. Now, the ability of the treasury
to meet all engagements till the 1st ol January next
ought to be put beyond all contingency before this
Congress is concluded. Every possible excuse to
the Administration for calling an extra session
should be taken away. A duty imposed on teas
and on coffee—the most productive and the least,
burdensome of all our sources of revenue—would
make everything safe; but parties do not like to
take the responsibility. I am very sorry for it. I
am always pained and afflicted when I see my po-
litical Iriends and associates on this floor shrinking
from any duty which patriotism demands of them
to perform. But it is clear that our revenue for the
current year is not to be strengthened in this way.
We shall adjourn without any duties on teas and
coffee; and hence it becomes a matter of sound pol-
icy to provide, if we can, in some other way, for
the possible contingency of a deficit in the treasury
for the current year. This necessity will be found
to be completely met by the plan which I have,
brought forward, which provides at once for the
pressing pecuniary wants of the treasury, as well
as ior a sound and safe medium of payments and
receipts both for the Government and the people.
Mr. Chairman, the plan which I propose is this:
Let the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
to borrow, of sound specie-paying State banks, a sum.
not exceeding fifteen millions of dollars—borrow-
ing, however, of no bank an amount exceeding one-
fourth part of its capital m actual possession; and
the rate of interest to be paid must not exceed six
per cent. He must receive of the banks effective
money—gold and silver, or lis equivalent, accord-
ing to existing laws in regard to the medium of
payments to the treasury. Let the Secretary also
be authorized, on the receipt of the money borrow-
ed, to cause an amount of the circulating notes of
each lending bank, just equal to the sum borrowed
of each, to be stamped on the face of such notes,
'•receivable in payment of public dues, according
to act of Congress," and countersigned by a proper
officer of the Treasury Department. Let the Sec-
retary be authorized and required to enter into a
written contract with each loaning bank, setting
forth with particularity the terms and conditions of
the loan, and the obligations of the respective par-
ties; and let it be stipulated, in a special manner,
that if, at any time, the bank shall suspend specie
payments, or fail to redeem any of its circulating
notes m gold and silver on demand at its counter,
then, and from that time, interest on the loan to the
Government shall cease to accrue and be payable;
and thenotesofthe bank stamped at thetreasury shall,
as fast as they shall be received in payment of public
dues, be cancelled, and returned to the bank inpay-
ment of the debt due from the Government to such
bank. Let it also be stipulated in such contract.
