me
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. IS4'3.
27"A Co s 3D SB8S.
The British Treaty—Mr. Cwhing.
H. of Reps.
only (he fallowing alternative courses among which
to choose, namely:
1. War.
2. Absolute inaction: the neglect or indefinite
postponement of the question. *
3. A new arbitration.
4. Negotiation with a view to the conventional
arrangement of the question by mutual concessions,
and by means of equivalents, saving the honor and
interests of both Governments.
if there had been no other and higher consider-
ation to forbid immediate recourse to war on this
question, it would have been precluded by the ar-
rival in the United States of a special minister,
sent hither by Great Britain for tne express pur-
pose of endeavoring to arrange the question in an
amicable spirit; and the same fact rendered it im-
possible for.the Government to abstain from or
evade action upon the subject. And the Govern-
ment was, of course, compelled to consider and
decide whether it would proceed to complete the
negotiation for a second arbitration, as begun by
' Mr. Van Buren; or whether it would enter into a
treaty for a new conventional line satisfactory to
both Governments.
In deciding which of these two courses to adopt,
and wnat should be the conditions and equivalents
of a new treaty, it became necessary to consider
not only the general interests of the United States,
but .also the particular interests of ihe States of
Maine and Massachusetts; since it was the terri-
tory of one, and the property of both, which con-
stituted the chief subject of dispute. And accord-
ingly, though the Constitution confers on the Union
alone the exclusive power of treaty, yet, recog-
nising the right of Maine and Massachusetts to be
heard in the matter, the Federal Government in-
cited them to appoint commissioners respectively
to repair to this city, and confer with the author-
ities of this Government concerning a line by
agreement or compromise, with its equivalents and
compensation; which invitation was complied with
by those States.
The commissioners of those two States, in com-
mon with the authorities of the Federal Govern-
ment, were of opinion that negotiation for a new
"conventional line by equivalents was preferable to
-a second arbitration—not only because of the de-
lay attending the latter course, but because of the
probability that it might, in its result, be less ad-
vantageous to the United States.
Under these circumstances was the present treaty
concluded, establishing a new conventional line,
' -with the assent of Maine and Massachusetts, who,
for the cession of a part of the soil of Maine, the
property of both States, receive, besides the great
-boon of peace, compensations and equivalents in
inoney, and the privilege of the navigation of the
Tiver St. John. Any question in regard to the
rights and interests of those two States is of course
concluded by their previous assent to the treaty;
and it only remains to consider how the treaty in
this part of it affects the rights of other States
and of the Union.
- In regard to the individual interests of the other
States immediately affected—namely, New Hamp-
shire, Vermont, and New York—there is no room
ior controversy; since the treaty adopts, from
among the disputed lines, the one most favorable
for New Hampshire, and obtains from Great
Britain the relinquishment of a considerable tract
of territory along the frontier of Vermont and
New Yoik, heretofore supposed to belong to those
States^but which recent examinations had shown to
belong of right to Great Britain; in which cession
is included the all-important acquisition of the mil-
itary position of Rouse's Point.
As a question of the rights and interests of the
United States, the foregoing considerations, and the
ratification of the treaty by the Senate, who were
the constitutional judges on that point, would seem
to be conclusive of the subject.
It has been objected, however, that the treaty in-
volves concession to Great Britain—that is to say,
the relinquishment of the territory belonging to
Maine, and, through Maine, to the United States.
But no amicable arrangement, it is obvious, of any
long-controverted question of mutual rights, can
ever he concluded between two powerful and proud
nations, without concessions on one or the other
side, or on both sides. In this case, there has been
reciprocity of concession; and the States directly in-
terested have, by their commissioners, declared in
effect that those reciprocal concessions are founded
on adequate equivalents and compensations. Of
course, under such circumstances, it has been right-
ly judged by the Senate that the concession made
on our side does not prejudice the honor of the
United States.
Specific objections have been made to the particu-
lar concessions themselves, more especially because
of the relinquishment to Great Britain of the small
tract of desert land at the head-waters of the St.
Francis, which, it has been argued, places an im-
portant military position in the htads of Great
Britain. This idea is distinctly met by the com-
missioners of the State of Maine, in their report to
their Government; who pronounce that this narrow
belt of land is of "comparatively little value;" and
who add: "To Great Britain, nearly its whole value
will consist in securing to her a broad inhospitable
wilderness frontier. Such a frontier in that quar-
ter is not undesirable even to Maine. Its posses-
sion to Maine would be of little value, and is more
a matter of pride than interest." And there is the
amplest possible evidence, in the opinion of the
best informed military men, that, for the purposes
of military position, the tract in question is wholly
valueless to both countries; and, by interposing a
desert barrier between them, is as convenient to
one as to the other.
Finally: it has been objected that the treaty leaves
unadjusted the great controversy as to the country
west of the Rocky Mountains. But that is not so
much a question of boundary as it is of vast terii-
orial rights. Nor is it any valid cause to condemn
a treaty which settles many questions,that it leaves
one unsettled. It is the same fact which has re-
peatedly occurred before in our negotiations with
England; and the United States run no risk of loss,
but the contrary, so far as regards Oregon, by the
attention of the Federal Government being undi-
videdly fixed on that important region.
On the whole, therefore, when it is seen that, by
these arrangements, the immense interests of all the
Northern frontier of the United States, from the
Atlantic sea to the Lake of the "Woods, are amica-
bly settled; that,of the disputed territory in Maine,
the largest part in quantity, and far the largest in
value, is retained by us; that no cession is made uP
Great Britain, without equivalent concession to the
United States; that, among the latter concessions, are
several valuable acquisitions of territory made by
us in the North and Northwest; that sundry minor
questions of border interests are at the same tirr.e
satisfactorily disposed of; that, in a military point
of view, we have secured to ourselves one of the
most important positions, if not the most important,
on the whole frontier; and that, in fine, firm sta-
bility is now given to the peaceful relations ofGreat
Britain and the United States;—it must be considered
and admitted, when all this is seen, that, so far as
regards questions of boundary, in ratifying the
treaty, the Senate have judged well for the honor
and the interests of the United States.
II. The suppression of the African slave-trade.
The Government of the United States has, from
the beginning, manifested an earnest and persever-
ing solicitude to put an end to the African slave-
trade. This wish has appeared, in the first place,
in all our legislation; the United States having been
the earliest among the nations of the earth to pro-
nounce its formal condemnation by penal laws,
among which is the great and decisive act in which
4hat trade was stigmatized with the brand of piracy.
)ur Government has, in the second place, pursued
the same policy in its foreign negotiations; con-
formably with which, on concluding the treaty of
Ghent, we entered into the following stipulation
with Great Britain:
Art. 10. ''Whereas the traffic in slaves is irreconcilable with
the principles of humanity and justice; and whereas both his
Majesty and the United States are desirous of continuing their
efforts to promote, ita entire abolition, it in hereby agteed that
both tke contracting parties shall use. their best endeavors to
accomplishso desirable anobjecL"
Meanwhile the British Government took up the
idea of arrangement between the several powers
of Christendom for the reciprocal concession of
the right of search on the high seas, as the means of
detecting and arresting vessels engaged in the
slave-trade. This proposition, when first made by
the British to the French Government, was rejected;
but was soon afterwards agreed to by Spain and by
Portugal, so far as regard.-d vessels found north of j
the equator; and, at length, by France and by most
others of the principal Governments of Europe.
Negotiations were also entered into between Great
Britain and the United States, with a view to ob-
tain the same concession from us; but, although at
one period our Government was disposed in a lim-
ited degree to grant this, yet, owing to the- 'well-
founded jealousy entertained in the United States
on the subject of the right of search in general—
abused as that right had been by Great Britain,
when exercised by her as a belligerent righu~the
contemplated arrangement on the subject did hot
go into operation; and the policy of the United
States has at length settled down into a fixed, feel-
ing of insuperable objection to the extension bf4he
right of search by treaty, in any manner, or to^ny
foreign State whatever, and especially to Great
Britain.
The people of the United States could notfailio
remember that Great Britain had reached the fact
of the impressment of seamen from on board Amer-
ican vessels through an abuse of the right of search.
The British Government claimed and exercised
the belligerent right to enter and visit our vessels
in search of persons in the service of an enemy,
and in search of enemy's goods or goods contra-
band of war; and the pretext of the British Govern-
ment, as set forth in the celebrated declaration of
the Prince Regent of the 9th of January, 1813, "was,
that although a British officer could not enter an
American vessel for the express purpose of im-
pressment, yet that, having once entered the vessel
for the lawful cause of search for contraband of
war or enemy's person or goods, he might then
proceed to examine the crew, and impress them as
British seamen. If such consequences, unlawful
in themselves, and as a primary cause of entry,
could be founded on the lawful exercise of the
right of search, they constituted a permanent ob-
stacle to any extension of the right of search be-
yond what already existed of that right under the
general law of nations. However desirable it
might be to extinguish the African slave-trade, and
to prevent the American flag from being misused
in the African seas to cover the slave-traders of
other nations, it was still more important to pre-
serve the whole commerce of the United States
frpm the abuses and oppressions to which it might
be subject under concessions of any right of search
to Great Britain. These abuses had already in-
volved the two nations in war; and, if an opening
were afforded for their renewal, they could scarce-
ly fail to terminate once again in the same disas-
trous conclusion.
Upon which Great Britain, while steadily pur-
suing the policy of negotiating with each of the
European powers treaties of reciprocal search for
the suppression of the slave-trade, superadded to
this the enactment of an act of Parliament of the
24th of August, 1839, under which the admiralty
was authorized to issue orders to British cruisers
to capture all vessels engaged in the slave-trade
not being justly entitled to claim the protection or
flag of any state or nation, and providing that every
such vessel should be subject to seizure, detention,
and condemnation, if, in the equipment of such
vessel, there should be found any one of certain
enumerated things, described in the act of Parlia-
ment as constituting cause of suspicion, or prima
facie evidence of the actual employment of the
vessel m the transport of slaves. The Duke of
Wellington, Lord Lyndhurst, and other distin-
guished personages, protested against thepassage of
this law; alleging that it was an attempt to inter-
polate the English municipal law into the law of
nations; that it would violate the rights of all Eu-
rope, and especially those of Portugal and France;
and that, above all, it could not fail to embroil Eng-
land with the people of the United States.
Nevertheless, the act was immediately put in
force against the vessels of the United States, and
was in chief part the cause of the late controversy
between the two Governments in regard to the
seizure of American vessels by British cruisers on
the coast of Africa; which controversy led to the
following emphatic announcement, by the Presi-
dent of the United States, of the determination and
policy of our Government on this subject:
"However desirous the "United States may be for the «up.
preesion of the slave tiade, they cannot consent to interpoIa«
tions into the maritime code, at the mere will and pleasure of
other Governments. We deny the right of any such interpola-
tion to any one or all the nations of the earth, without our con-
Bent. We claim to have a vdice in all amendments or altera-
tions of that code; and when we are given to understand, as in
this instance, by a foieign Government, that its treaties with
other nations cannot be executed without the establishment
and enforcement of new principles of maritime police, to be
applied without our consent, we must employ a language
netthei of equivocal import, nor susceptible of misconstrue
tion. American cit'zeilp, prosecuting a lawful commerce in
the African seas, undtrthe flag of their country, are not re.
sponsible for the abuse or unlawful use of that flag by othe^;
nor can they rightfully, on account of any such alleged abuse#,
be interrupted, molested, or detained, while on the ocean."
