T
Feb. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
2?TH COIJS"..3D SKSS.
The British Treaty—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
tBe sirne time, it was undeniable and notori-
ous; that the' American flag had been fraudulently
'SSStfmBd in many instances to cover the enterprises
of'Spanish, Portuguese, or Brazilian'slave-traders.
WBat,'then, did it become the United States to do"?
"W<s-tad: asserted our own independence of Great
Britain jn this matter; we had maintained, so far
•jjs rl^arded us, the liberty of the sea; we had re-
=p£fted the proposition of a reciprocal right of
se&reh; 'we had rejected for ourselves that general
^diitse1 of the o'eean which Great Britain seemed
idfeffiJSed to arrogate. Having done this, it re-
ldiffled'forus to vindicate the honor of our flag,
and to See to the execution of our laws on the coast
of Africa, by maintaining a police of our own in
thiAe'seas. And the stipulation of the treaty of
{ffieflt Sailed upon us to do this, in concert and co-
operation with Great Britain.
These considerations resulted in she adoption of
the 8th and 9t'h articles of the present treaty, which
■provide for concerted cruising on the coast of Af-
rica, to "the tacit exclusion of the right of search,
■and for remonstrance with those powers whi^h
still tdlerate the African slave-trade.
The arrangement now adopted seems to be the
tree and only solution of the mixed problem of duty
aiifl'pf honor involved in the fact that, while, on the
"bite hand, the United States were bound by treaty, by
eUAiestic policy, and by general obligation, to prevent
.the prosecution of the slave-trade under our flag,
wyetj on the other hand, felt ourselves compelled
;to refuse tq England the concession of the recipro-
cal- right of search on the ocean. And it is be-
lieved that not only is the arrangement an honor-
able one, so far as concerns the characler of the
Umte®6tates, but that it has had an important in-
-fluebce in arresting the progress of Great Britain
towards the interpolation of a new maritime as-
sumption of hers into the law of nations, through
the means of conventional intercessions, as be-
tween her and the other poweis of Europe.
Mr. C. would abstain from discussing at length th£
remaining object, of the treaty—namely, the extra-
dition of fugitive criminals—because no present
legislation is requisite in relation thereto; as, also,
for the same reason, from entering at large into
those parts of the correspondence which are only
collateral to the treaty.
It is the well-understood principle of the law of
"nations, that, without conventional engagements io
that' effect, no State is bound to deliver up to any
foreign Government strangers seeking refuge and
asylum, because of crimes committed elsewhere,
whatever be the nature of those crimes. Without
thet-e being a convention on the subject, each State
judges for itself, as the case arises, whether it will
or'will not deliver up a fugitive criminal to another
State requesting the same. It is generally refused
in the case of political offences: it is frequently
granted, either under treaty or as an act of interna-
tional comity, in the .case of heinous municipal of-
fences against private property or person. Such is
the rule, and such the practice, as laid down in the
books of international law. The principle has
been recognised frequently in the intercourse be-
tween the United States and other Governments;
and is very amply discussed in two opinions given
by Mr. Wirt, as Attorney General of the United
States—first, in 1817, on the demand for the sur-
render of William Manning; and, secondly, on
that of Daniel Sullivan, in 1821; each of them a
fugitive from the justice of the British Govern-
ment.
In the absence of any conventional arrangement
jon this point between Great Britain and the United
States, each Government is subjected to much in-
convenience, by reason of the contiguity of a por-
tion of their territories, as well as by their identity
of race and language. It is not for the interest of
either country to become the common receptacle of
the felons of the other. Hence the stipulation in
the treaty for the reciprocal surrender of criminals
fugitive from justice, in certain specified and care-
fully guarded cases of municipal felony—the stipu-
lation, nevertheless, for further security, if it
should prove liable to unforeseen abuse, being ter-
minable at the will of either Government.
In the correspondence a; company in? the treaty,
explanations are demanded from the British Gov-
ernment, the rights of the United States defended,
-and our future policy decla. '1 and expounded, on
three great questions, which have at different times
interrupted the harmony of the two Governments,
namely: first, the interference of the local authori-
ties in the British colonies with slaves on board
American coasting vessels, casually driven, by
stress of weather or superior force, into those col-
onies; second, the destruction of the steamboat Car-
oline, at Sehlosser; and, third, the impressment of
American seamen by officers of the British Gov-
ernment on the high seas—respecting which, Mr.
C. referred to the documents accompanying the
President's message, as adding to the other consid-
erations which justified the passage of the bill be-
fore the House.
Treaty between Great Britain, Austria, France,
Prussia, and Russia, for the suppression of the
African slave-trade.
In the name of the most holy and indivisible
Tiinity. Their Majesties, the Emperor of Austria,
King of Hungary and Bohemia, the King of Prus-
sia, and the Emperor of all the Russias, being de-
sirous to give full and complete effect to the prin-
ciples which have already been recorded in the
solemn declarations made by Austria, Prussia, and
Russia, in common with other European powers,
at the Congress of Vienna, on the 8th of February,
1815, and at the Congress of Verona, on the 28th
of November, 1822—declarations by which ihe said
powers announced that they were ready to concur
in everything that might secure and accelerate the
complete and final abolition of the slave-trade; and
their Majesties having been invited by her Majesty
the Q.ueen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, and by his Majesty the King of the
French, to conclude a treaty for the more effectual
suppression of the traffic, their said Majesties have
determined to negotiate and conclude together a
treaty for the final abolition ot that traffic. And to
this end they have named as their plenipotentiaries,
that is to say:
Her Majesty the Ctueen of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, the right honorable
George, Earl of Aberdeen, Viscount Gordon, Vis-
count Formartine, Lord Haddo, Methlick, Tarvis,
and Kellie, a Peer of the United Kingdom, a mem-
ber of her Majesty's most honorable Privy Coun-
cil, Knight of the most ancient and most noble
older of the Thistle, and her Majesty's Principal
Secietary of State for Foreign Affairs;
His Majesty the Emperor of Austria, King of
Hungary and Bohemia, the Sieur Augustus, Baron
de Koller, Knight of the order of St. Ferdinand
and of Merit of Sicily, Councillor of Embassy, his
Charge d'Affaires and Plenipotentiary in London;
His Majesty the King of the French, the Sieur
Louis de Beaupoil, Count of St. Aulaire, a Peer
of France, Grand Officer 'of the royal order of the
Legion of Honor, Grand Cross of the order of Le-
opold of Belgium, one of the Forty of the French
Academy, his Ambassador Extraordinary to her
Britannic Majesty;
His Majesty the King of Prussia, the Sieur Alex-
ander Gustavus Adolphus, Baron de Schleinitz,
Knight of the royal order of St. John of Jerusalem,
his Chamberlain, Councillor of Legation, Charge
d'Affaires and Plenipotentiary in London;
And his Majesty, the Emperor of all the Russias,
the Sieur Philip, Baron de Brunow, Knight of the
Order of the White Eagle, of St. Anne of the first
class, of St. Stanislaus of the first class, of St.Waldi-
mir of the third, Commander of the order of St.
Stephen of Hungary, Knight of the Order of the
Red Eagle, of St. John of Jerusalem, his Privy
Counsellor, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary to her Britannic Majesty:
Who, after having communicated to each other
their full powers, found to be in good and due
form, have agreed upon and signed the following
articles:
Article 1. Their Majesties, the Emperor of Aus-
tria, King of Hungary and Bohemia, the King of
Prussia, and the Emperor of all the Russias, engage
to prohibit all trade in slaves, either by their respec-
tive subjects, or under iheir respective flags, or by
means of capital belonging to their respective sub-
jects, and to declare such traffic piracy. Then-
Majesties further declare that any vessel which
may attempt to carry on the slave-trade shall, by
that fact alone, lose all right to the protection of
their flag.
Article 2, In order more completely to accom-
plish the object of the present treaty, the high con-
tracting parties agree, by common consent, that
those o°f their ships of war which shall be provided
with special warrants and orders, prepared accord-
ing to the forms of the annex A of the present
treaty,.may search every merchant vessel belong-
ing to any one of the high contracting parties
which shall, on reasonable grounds, be suspected of
being engaged in the traffic in slaves, or of having
been fitted out for that purpose, or of having heen
engaged in the traffic during the voyage in which
she shall have been met with by the said cruisers;
and that such cruisers may detain, and send or carry
away such vessels, in order that they may be
brought to trial in the manner hereafter agreed
upon.
Nevertheless, the abovementioncd right of search-
ing the merchant vessels of any one or other of the
high contracting parties, shall be exercised only.by
ships of war whose commanders shall have the
rank of captain, or that of lieutenant in the royal
or imperial navy, unless the command shall, by
reason of death or otherwise, have devolved upon
an officer of inferior rank. The commanders of
such ships of war shall be furnished with war-
rants according to the form annexed to the present
treaty, under letter A.
The said mutual right of search shall not be ex-
ercised within the Mediterranean sea. Moreover,
the space within which the exercise of the said
right shall be confined, shall be bounded on the
north by the 32d parallel of north latitude; on the
west by the eastern coast of America, from _ the
point where the 32d parallel of north latitude strikes
that coast, down to the 45th parallel of south lati-
tude; on the south by the 45th parallel of south lati-
tude, from the point where that parallel strikes
the eastern coast of America, to the 80th degree of
longitude east from the meridian of Greenwich;
and on the east by the same degree of longitude,
from the point where it is intersected by the 45th
parallel of south latitude, up to the coast of India.
Art. 3. Each of the high contracting parties
which may choo'e to employ cruisers for the sup-
pression of the slave-trade, and to ex.ercise the mu-
tual right of search, reserves lo itself to fix, accord-
ing to us own convenience, the number of the
hitips of war which shall be employed on the ser-
vice stipulated in the second article of the present
treaty, as well as the stations on which the said
ships shall cruise.
The names of the ships appointed for this pur-
pose, and those of their commanders, shall be com-
municated by each of the high contracting parties
to the others; and they shall reciprocally apprize
each other every time that a cruiser shall be placed
on a station, or shall be recalled from thence, in
order that the necessary warrants may be delivered
by the Governments authorizing the search, and re-
turned to those Governments by the Government
which has received them, when those warrants
shall no longer be necessary for the execution of'
the present treaty.
Art. 4. Immediately after the Government which
employs the cruisers shall have notified to the Gov-
ernment which is to authorize the search, the num-
ber and the names of the cruisers which it intends
to employ, the warrants authorizing the search
shall be made out according to the form annexed to
the preseht treaty under the letter A, and shall be
delivered by the Government which authorizes the
search to the Government which employs the
cruiser.
In no case shall the mutual right of search be
exercised upon the ships of war of the high con-
tracting parties.
The high contracting parties shall agree upon a.
particular signal, to be used exclusively by those
cruisers which shall be invested with the right of
Art.The cruisers of the high contracting par-
ties authorized to exercise the right of search and
detention m execution of the present treaty, shall
conform themselves strictly to the instructions an-
nexed to the said treaty under letter B, in all that
relates to the formalities of the searoh and of the
detention, as well as lo the measures to be taken,
m order that the vessel suspected of having been
employed in the traffic may be delivered over to
the competent tribunals.
The high contracting parties reserve to them-
selves the right of making in these instructions, by
common consent, such alterations as circumstances
may render necessary.
The cruisers of the high contracting parties
shall mutually afford to each other assistance in
all cases when it may be useful that they should act
in concert.
Art. 6. Whenever a merchant vessel, sailing un-
der the flag of one of the high contracting parties,
shall have been detained by a cruiser of the other,
duly authorized to that effect conformably to the
provisions of the present treaty, such merchant
