218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th Cono----Sd Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Cushing,
H. of Reps.
vessel, as well as the master, the crew, the cargo,
and slaves who may be on board, shall be brought
into such place as the high contracting parties shall
have respectively designated for that purpose; and
they shall be delivered over to the authorities ap-
pointed with that view by the Government within
whose possessions such place is situated, in order
that proceedings may be had with respect to them
before the competent tribunals, in the manner
hereafter specified.
When the commander of the cruiser shall not
see-fit to undertake himself the bringing in and the
delivering up of the detained vessel, he shall intrust
that duty to an officer ot the rank of lieutenant in
the royal or imperial navy, or, at least, to the of-
ficer who shall at the time be the third in authori-
ty on board the detaining ship.
Art. 7, If the commander of a cruiser of one of
the high contracting parties should have reason to
suspect that a merchant vessel sailing under the
convoy of, or in company with, a ship of war of
one of the other contracting parties, has been en-
gaged in the slave-trade, or has been fitted out
for that trade, he shall make known his suspicions
to the commander of the ship-of-war, who shall
proceed alone to search the suspected vessel; and,
in case the last mentioned commander should as-
certain that the suspicion is well founded, he
shall cause the vessel, as well as the master, the
crew, the cargo, and the slaves who may be on
board, to be taken into a port belonging to thenaton
of the detained vesel, to be there proceeded against
before the competent tribunals in the manner here-
after directed.
Art. 8. As soon as a merchant vessel, detained
and sent in for adjudication, shall arrive at the
port to which she is to be carried, in conformity
with annexed B to the present treaty, the com-
mander of the cruiser which shall have detained
her, or the officer appointed to bring her in, shall
deliver to the authorities appointed for that pur-
pose, a copy, signed by himself, of all the lists, dec-
larations, and other documents specified in the in-
structions annexed to the present treaty under let-
ter B; and the said authorities shall proceed, m
consequence, to the search of the detained vessel
and of her cargo, as also to an inspection of her
crew, and of the slaves who may be on board, af-
ter having previously given notice of the time of
such search and inspection to the commander of
the cruiser, or to the officer who shall have brought
in the vessel, in order that he, or some person
whom he may appoint to represent him, may be
present thereat.
A minute of these proceedings shall be drawn
up in duplicate, which shall be' signed by the per-
sons who shall have taken part in, and who shall
have been piesent at, the same; and one of these
documents shall be delivered to the commander of
the cruiser, or to the officer appointed by him to
bring m the detained vessel.
Art. 9. Every merchant vessel of any one or
other of the five nations which shall be searched
and detained in virtue of the provisions of the
present treaty, shall, unless proof be given to the
contrary, be deemed to have been engaged in the
slave-trade, or to have been fitted out for that traf-
fic, if in the fitting, the equipment, or on board the
said vessel during the voyage m which she was de-
tained, there shall be found to have been one of the
articles hereafter specified, that is to say:
First. Hatches with open gratings, instead of
the close hatches which are usual in merchant ves-
sels.
Secondly. Divisions or bulkheads, in the hold or
on deck, more numerous than are necessary for
vessels engaged in lawful trade.
Thirdly. Spare plank filled for being laid down
as a second or slave deck.
Fourthly. Shackles, bolts, or handcuffs.
Fifthly. A larger quantity of water, in casks oj
in tanks, than is requisite for the consumption of
the crew of the vessel as a merchant vessel.
Sixthly. A n extraordinary number of water-casks,
or other vessels for holding liquid, unless the mas-
ter shall produce a certificate from the custom-
house, at the place from which be cleared out-
wards, stating that a sufficient security had been
given by the owners of such vessel (hat such extra
quamity of casks or of other vessels should only be
used for the reception of oil, or for other purpose^
of lawful commerce.
Seventhly A greater quantity of mess tubs or
kids than are requisite for the use of the crew of the
vessel as a merchant vessel.
Eighthly. A boiler or other cooking apparatus of
an unusual size, and larger, or capable of being
made larger, than requisite for the use of the crew
of such merchant vessel; or more than one boiler
or other cooking apparatus of the ordinary size.
Ninthly. An extraordinary quantity of kier, of
the flour of Brazil manioc, or cassada, commonly
called farina, or of maize, or of Indian corn, or of
any other article of food whatever beyond the prob-
able wants of the crew; unless such quantity of kier,
farina, maize, Indian corn, or any other article of
food, should be entered on the manifest as forming
part of the trading cargo of the vessel.
Tenthly. A quantity of mats or matting greater
than is necessary for the use of such merchant ves-
sel, unless such mats or matting be on the manifest
as forming part of the cargo.
If it is established that one or more of the said
articles above specified are on board, or have been
on board during the voyage in which the vessel
was captured, that fact shall be considered as
prima facie evidence that the vessel was employed
in the traffic, she shall, in consequence, be condemn-
ed, and declared lawful prize, unless the master or
the owners shall furnish clear and incontroverti-
ble evidence, proving to the satisfaction of the tri-
bunal that, at the time of her detention or capture,
the vessel was employed in a lawful undertaking;
and that such of the different articles above speci-
fied as were found on board at the time of deten-
tion, or which might have been embarked during
the voyage on which she was engaged when she
was captured, were indispensable for the accom-
plishment of the lawful object of her voyage.
Art. 10. Proceedings shall be immediately taken
against the vessel detained as above stated, her
master, her crew, and her cargo, before the com-
petent tribunals of the country to which she belongs;
and they shall be tried and adjudged according to
the established forms and laws in force in that
country; and if it results from the proceedings that
the said vessel was employed m the slave-trade, or
fined out for that traffic, the vessel, her fittings, and
her cargo of merchandise shall be confiscated; aftd
the master, the crew, and their accomplices shall
be dealt with conformably to the laws by which
they shall have been tried.
In case of confiscation, the proceeds of the sale
of the aforesaid vessel shall, within the space of
six months, reckoning from the date of the sale, be
placed at the disposal of the Government of the
country to which the ship which made the capture
belongs, in order to be employed in conformity with
the laws of that country.
Art. 11. If any one of the articles specified in
article 9 of the present treaty is found on board a
merchant vessel, or if it is proved to have been on
board of her dining the voyage in which she was
captured, no compensation for losses, damages, or
expenses consequent upon the detention of such
vessel shall in any case be granted, either to the
master or to the owner, or to any other person in-
terested in the equipment or in the lading, even
though a sentence of condemnation should not
have been pronounced against the vessel, as a con-
sequence ofher detention.
Art. 1'2. Tn all cases in which a vessel shall have
been detained m conformity with the present treaty,
as having been employed in the slave-trade, or
fitted out for that traffic, and shall in conscqucnce
have been tried and confiscated, the Government of
the cruiser which shall have made the capture, or
the Government whose tribunal shall have con-
demned the vessel for the service of its royal navy,
at the price fixed by a competent person selected
for that purpose by the said tribunal, the Govern-
ment whose cruiser shall have made the capture
shall have a right of preference in the purchase of
the vessel. But if the condemned vessel should not
be purchased in the manner above pointed out, she
shall be wholly broken up immediately after the
sentence of confiscation, and sold in separate por-
tions after having been broken up.
Art. 13 When, by the sentence of the competent
tribunal, it shall have been ascertained that a mer-
chant vessel detained in virtue of the present treaty
was not engaged in the slave-trade, and was not
fitted out for that traffic, she shall be relsored to the
lawful owner or owners. And if, in the course of
the proceedings, it should have been proved that
the vessel was searched and detained illegally, or
without sufficient cause of suspicion, or that search
or detention were attended with abuse or vexation,
the commander of the cruiser, or the officer who
shall have boarded the said vessel, or the officer
who shall have been intrusted with bringing- her
in, and under whose authority, according to the
nature of the case, the abuse or vexation shall have
occurred, shall be. liable in costs and damages to
the master and the owneis of the vessel and of the
cargo.
These costs and damages may be awarded by the
tribunal before .which the proceedings against the
detained vessel, her master, crew, and cargo, shall
have been instituted; and the Government of the
country to which the officer who shall have given
occasion for such award shall belong, shall pay the
amount of said costs and damages within the period
of six months from the date of the sentence, when
the sentence shall have been pronounced by a
tribunal sitting in Europe; and within the period
of one year, when the trial shall have taken place
out of Europe.
Art. 14. When, in the search or detention of a
merchant vessel, effected in virtue of the present
treaty, any abuse or vexation shall have been com-
mitted, and when the vessel shall not have been
delivered over to the jurisdiction of her own na-
tion, the master shall make a declaration, upon
oath, of the abuses or vexations of which he shall
have to complain, as well as of the costs and dam-
ages to which he shall lay claim; and such dec-
laration shall be made by him before the competent
authorities of the first port of his own country at
which he shall arrive, or before the consular agent
of his own nation at a foreign port, if the vessel
shall in the first instance touch at a foreign port
where there is such an agent.
This declaration shall be verified by means of an
examination, upon oath, of the principaljpersons
amongst the crew or the passengers who shall have
witnessed the search or detention; and a formal
statement of the whole shall be drawn up, two
copies whereof shall be delivered to the master,
who shall forward one of them to his Government,
in support of his claim for costs and damages.
It is understood that, if any circumstances be-
yond control shall prevent the master from making1
his declaration, it may be made by the owner of
the vessel, or by any other person interested in the
equipment or in the lading of the vessel.
On a copy of the formal statement above men-
tioned being officially transmitted to it, the Gov-
ernment of the country to which the officer to
whom (he abuses or vexations shall be imputed,
shall forthwith institute an inquiry; and if the va-
lidity of the complaint shall be ascertained, that
Government shall cause to be paid to the master
or the owner, or to any other person interested in
the equipment or lading of the molested vessel, the
amount of costs and damages which shall be'due
to him.
Art. 15. The high contracting parties engage
reciprocally to communicate to each other, when
asked to do so, and without expense, copies of the
proceedings instituted, and of the judgments given,
relative to vessels searched or detained in the execu-
tion of the provisions of this treaty.
Art. 16. The high contracting parties agree to
insure the immediate freedom of all the slaves who
shall be found on board vessels detained and con-
demned in virtue of the stipulations of the present
treaty.
Art. 17. The high contracting parties agree to
invite the maritime powers of Europe which have
not yet concluded treaties for the abolition of the
slave-trade to accede to the present treaty.
Art. 18. The acts or instruments annexed to the
present treaty, and which it is mutually agreed to
consider as forming an integral part thereof, are
the following:
A. Forms of warrants of authorization, and of
orders for the guidance of the cruisers of each na-
tion, in the searches and detentions to be made in
virtue of the present treaty.
B. Instructions for the cruisers of the naval
forces employed in virtue of the present treaty for
the suppression of the slave trade.
Art. 19. The present treaty, consisting of nine-
teen articles, shall be ratified, and the ratifications
thereof shall be exchanged at London at the ex-
piration of two months from this date, or sooner if
possible.
In witness whereof, the respective plenipotentia-
ries have signed the present treaty, in English and
French, and have thereunto affixed the seal and
their arms.
Done at London, the twentieth day of December,
