220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1%4'S.
&7th Cong 3n Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
been taken for adjudication if she bad been sailing
under the English or French flag. The vessel shall
afterwards be sent on, and shall be delivered up to
the Russian jurisdiction at Cronstedt, or at P^eval,
as above stipulated.
Sixthly. As soon as a merchant vessel which
shall have been detained as aforesaid, shall arrive
at one ofthe ports or places above mentioned, the
.commander ot the cruiser, or the officer appointed
to bring on such detained vessel, shall forthwith
deliver to the authorities duly appointed for that
purpose by the Government within "whose territory
such port or such place shall be, the vessel and her
cargo, together with the master, crew, passengers,
and slaves found on board, and also the papers
which shall have been seized on board the vessel,
and one of the duplicate lists ofthe said papers, re-
taining the other in his own possession. Such of-
ficer shall, at the same time, deliver to the said au-
thorities one of the original declarations, as here-
inbefore specified, adding thereto a statement of
any changes which may have taken place from the
time of the detention ofthe vessel to that of the de-
livery, as well as a copy of the statement of any re-
movals which may have taken place as above pro-
vided for.
In delivering; over these several documents, the
officer shall make, in writing and on oath, an at-
testation of their truth.
Seventhly. If the commander of a cruiser of one
of the high contracting parlies, who shall be duly
furnished with the aforesaid special instructions,
shall have reason to suspect that a merchant ves-
sel, sailing under convoy of, or in company with,
a ship of war of any one of the other contracting
parties, is engaged in the slave-trade, or has been
fitted out for the purpose of that traffic, or has been
engaged in the traffic in slaves during the voyage
in which she is met with by the said ciuiser, he
shall confine himself to communicating his suspi-
cions to the commander of the ship of war; and he
shall leave it to the latter to proceed alone to visit
the suspected vessel, and to deliver her up to the
jurisdiction of her own country, if there should be
cause for doing so.
Eighthly. By article fourth of the treaty, it is
stipulated that, in no case, shall the mutual right of
visit be exercised upon ships of war by the high
contracting parties.
It is agreed that this exemption shall apply equal-
ly to vessels ot the Russian-American Company;
which, being commanded by officers ofthe imperial
navy, are authorized by the Imperial Government
to earty a flag which distinguishes thrm from the
merchant navy, and are armed and equipped sim-
ilarly to transports of war.
It is further understood that the said vessels shall
be furnished with a Russian patent, which shall
prove their origin and destination. The form of
this patent shall be drawn up by common consent.
It is agreed that this patent, when issued by compe-
tent authority in Russia, shall be countersigned at
St. Petersburgh by the consulates of Great Britain
and France.
Ninthly. In the third clause of article nine of
the treaty, it isstipulated that,failing proof to the
contrary, a vessel shall be presumed to be engaged
in the slave-trade if there be found on boardspare
plank fitted for being laid down as a second or
slave deck.
In order to prevent any abuse which might arise
from an arbitrary interpretation of this clause, it is
especially recommended to the cruisers not to ap-
ply it to Austrian, Prussian,or Russian vessels em-
ployed in the timber trade, whose manifest shall
prove that the planks and joists which they have,
or have had, on board, are, or were, a part of their
cargo for trade.
Therefore, in order not to harass lawful com-
merce, cruisers are especially enjoined only to act
upon the stipulations contained in the third clause
of article nine, when there shall be on board the
vessel visited spare plank evidently destinedto form
a slave deck.
The undersigned plenipotentiaries have agreed,
in conformity with the eighteenth article of the
treaty signed by them this day, that these instruc-
tions shall be annexed to the treaty signed this day
between Great Britain, Austria, France, Prussia,
and Russia, for the suppression of African slave-
trade, and shall be considered as an integral part
of that treaty.
In witness whereof, the plenipotentiaries of
the high contracting parties have signed this an-
nex, and have hereunto affixed the seal of their
arms.
Done at London, the twentieth day of December,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-one.
ABERDEEN, |L. s.]
KOLLER, [l. s.J
STE. AULAIRE, [l. s.1
SCHLEINITZ, l. s.j
BRUNOW, [l. s.]
SPEECH OF MR. SMITH,
of connecticut.
In Senate of the United States, February 20,1843—
On the bill to restore to General Jackson the
fine of one thousand dollars imposed on him
by Judge Hall, for an alleged contempt of
court.
Having cherished the idea, Mr. President, that
the nationality of this subject would hush all party
feelings, and soften the asperity of partisans, I
have hitherto abstained from taking any part in
the discussions, supposing all would be united in
restoring the fine imposed upon General Jackson
at New Orleans. I am, however, constrained to
believe that I am to be disappointed in the conclu-
sion 1 had arrived at, and that a different result
is now to be apprehended. I shall therefore take
such a party view of it only as its present aspect
demands, without relinquishing the idea that it has
not, and will not, wholly assume that character.
The subject is one deeply involving the interests
and character of the nation. The pride and na-
tional feelings of every American should elevate
him far above sectional and parly prejudices, and
induce him to investigate the subject with no other
partiality upon his mind than that which every
patriotic American is proud to acknowledge—that
America is his country.
Though all agree that General Jackson achieved
a victory at New Orleans over our common enemy,
of no ordinary character; and that he won unfa-
ding laurels for himself, and gave to America
among the nations of the earth a proud eminence;
yet there seems to be a disposition in some to with-
hold from him the meed that is to be found only in
the public approbation, of the measures which
were adopted by the General to save the people of
New Orleans from a calamity and dishonor from
which they had no hope of escape, except it was
by means ofthe resources of that superior general
and extraordinary man* General Jackson; and to
save the nation from a disgrace which none would
be willing to witness, except the external and in-
ternal enemies of republican America. He alone,
in this perilous moment, was looked to as a com-
mander of our forces, for the salvation of New
Orleans and of our country; and he, and the few
patriots constituting the little American army un-
der his command, are entitled to th® whole credit
of accomplishing these two great and important
objects. The facts in relation to this fine are lo
be found in the history of our country. It is un-
necessary to be particular in adverting to them here.
I shall have occasion hereafter to present them
to the Senate, in connexion with other facts, for the
purpose of showing the necessity and propriety of
the measures and means taken to defend our terri-
tory against invasion .by a public enemy. It is
claimed that, in defending New Orleans, General
Jackson came in contact with, and trampled down
and disregarded, the civil institutions and function-
aries of our Government, by declaring and enfor-
cing martial law in aid of his military movements
and plans; and, therefore, the fine ought not to be un-
conditionally remitted. Many ofthose who believe
that General Jackson did no more than was re-
quired of him by the American people as their
general, seem to be disposed to admit that he vio-
lated the laws of his country, but ought to be ex-
cused on the ground of necessity. I admit no such
thing, Mr. President. T do not hesitate to say, and
I feel able to show it, that General Jackson violated
no law; nor did he, in making his defence, trans-
cend his powers, or abuse tho«e of the civil depart-
ment of our Government. If I am correct in this,
the fine was wrongly and unjustly imposed, and
ought to be remitted without any qualification what-
ever, and with interest
Did not the almost irrepressible indignity of the
people of New Orleans at the assumed power of
Judge Ball to sit and act as judge in his own be-
half, and impose the fine on General Jackson, for
what Hall was pleased to call a contempt of his
court, show that no indifferent court or jury could
have been found in any part of the Union to inflict
a fine upon the General for his noble and patriotic
defence of New Orleans'? My defence of General
Jackson is, that he did no more than any other cit-
izen, or every other one of the United States, might
have done, to prevent a violation of our territory
by a public enemy;—nay, no more than was requir-
ed of every patriot in the Union. I address myself
to the reason, and not to the passion. If I have the
exercise of reason in deciding this question, I' do
not fear the result. What is martial law,,as En-
forced at New Orleans by General Jackson, but
physical power which our common Ci"eat*or ^has
given us for self-preservation; and which ' every
man, and all men, have always exerted; arid ■which
no society or Government has ever dared to impair,
and much less to take awayl Will any ohe,fcon-
tradict me, when I say that any citizen may defend
himself and property against ihe unwarrantable or
illegal attack of another, though he be a citizen-
even unto death of the assailant, if necessary! . I
presume net. "Will any one deny tne principle,
that what one may do to defend himself and prop-
erty, another, or ever so 'many, may'do to dfefehd
him"? 1 presume not.
If these principles are admitted, or established, I
am sure I shall have no difficulty in defending
General Jackson, unless he wantonly abused the
power he exercised. And let me here observe,
Mr. President, that General Jackson was no mo-re
liable for an error of judgment, if such should, be
found to be the fact, (which no one claims, that I
have heard,) than a judge upon the bench would he
for an error of judgment. That we may not con-
found the terms military and pkysicalfr/hen, I
speak of them, I use them as synonymous in rela-
tion to this subject. They are one and the same
thing, as opposed to civil power. When both the
civil and military powers are in healthy action, I
readily agree to the principle, that the military is
subordinate to the civil power. But I know of no
instance where physical power may not be exerted
to prevent the commission, or for the suppression
of crime, or to protect an individual from an as-
sault. Any individual may arrest and secure a
criminal, at all times. And can he be made liable
for it in a civil action 1 No one, I think, will claim
he can be. And what law justifies the citizen
clothed with no civil power to make the arrest, but
the paramount law of our nature—the physical
power which every man may exercise, and which
is paramount to all other laws'! If any individual
is attempting to commit the crime of arson or burg-
lary, theft, or any other crime, may not any indi-
vidual, or all who may feel disposed to prevent the
act, arrest the criminal1? No one will deny this.
Suppose civil officers sufficient to prevent the
crime were present, and refused to do so: would
that prevent individuals who were not officers, and
who had no civil power to exercise, from interfer-
ing and arresting the individual1? No one will pre-
tend that it would, I presume. Suppose the civil
officers present, and whose duty it was to take care
of the public interest, and prevent the commission
of crime, and arrest and secure criminals, should
endeavor to prevent the individual and unofficial
citizen from performing the act; but he should per-
sist in it, and should prevent the crime, or arrest
the criminal: would this make him liable, either to
the public or the criminal1? No one will pretend it
would. If a judge is holding a court, and any one
is committing a crime in his presence, may not any
individual arrest the criminal'? No one, I think,
will deny this.
If the court were to send its officers to prevent
the arrest, would the unauthorized individual ma-
king the arrest then be liable to any one1? I think
no one will claim this, for the supremacy ofthe
laws, and for the honor of the officials. "Will any
one claim that such arrest would have been a con-
tempt of court, and the officious individual liable to
be fined by the dignified court for it1 If he would,
I would like to hear him. I will now suppose a
case, which will approach nearer the case of Gen.
Jackson. If a public enemy had entered the court-
house where the judge was sitting, or had surround-
ed it: would not every citizen be justified in beat-
ing off the enemy, and killing them, without of-
fending the official dignitary in such manner as to
be liable for a contempt'? If they were liable to the
court for contempt, I suppose they would also be
liable for false imprisonment if they captured any
of the enemy; or, if they killed any, I suppose they
would be liable for murder. But, if the court
