27th Co Q" >3d Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 184$,
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
I think, believes this was exercised in an unreason-
able manner; or with more severity than the occa-
sion required.
Let us take a brief view of the facts in relation to
the arrest of Judge Hall by General Jackson, and
for which Hall sat in hts own case, and, from the
impulse of his own sense of a personal wrong, in-
flicted-a fine of one thousand dollars upon the
General.
The line of sentries stationed by General Jack-
son for the defence of New Orleans, and to guard
it against the, assault of the enemy, included the city
of"New -Orleans; and martial law, to have any ef-
fect, must be maintained within these lines. All, of
course, within the range of them, must be subject to
its action. The business of the Legislature had been
suspended; and all who wished the city saved,
readily submitted to its authority. Information was
received from the British fleet that peace had been
concluded between the United States and Great
Britain. The newspapers took up the subject, and
endeavored to create uneasiness among the people,
and to induce them to believe that martial law was
unnecessary. The General thought, as did all
other prudent men, that this was a devise of the
enemy to get some advantage of our troops. A
general order was announced, prohibiting any pub-
lication in the papers affecting the army.
The French consul (Toussard) granted certifi-
cates to all Frenchmen, as well to those in our
service as to those out of it, that, being subjects of
the French King, ihey could not be held to do mil-
itary duty. This caused a good deal of uneasiness.
An order was then made, directing such French
subjects as had the certificates of the French con-
sul, countersigned by the Commanding General,
to retire without the military lines. Soon after
this, a publication appeared in the newspaper, if
not designed, calculated to excite mutiny among
our troops. This was an entire misrepresenta-
tion of the order, representing that all French-
men, without distinction, were ordered out of
the city, and calling upon them to rally round
the standard of the French consul. Some of the
troops abandoned their posts, in consequence of
this mutinous publication. The author of this pub-
lication was Louallier, a member of the Legisla-
ture. If this is a fair specimen of the patriotism
about New Oileans during that trying time, I be-
lieve no one will blame General jackson for dis-
trusting them. General Jackson caused Louallier
to be arrested. Judge Hall issued a writ of habeas,
corpus to take Louallier from the custody of the
military officers. The General arrested the Judge;
and finally ordered him to ba removed beyond his
camp. When the camp was broken up, and mar-
tial law ceased, the Judge returned, and seized the
General, and. brought him belore himself, to an-
swer for a contempt of his court, and imposed the
fine upon him which it is the object of this bill to
remove, or relinquish to the General, as a token of
the approbation of the American people for his de-
fence of New Orleans. ( need not ask what the
tendency of Louallier's conduct was, nor what was
his design in the mutinous publication. The facts
which came to light answer both questions. The
consequence was an abandonment of the militarv
posts by the soldiers, and a perfcct satisfaction on
the part ofLouallier, and of' Hal) too, or Hall would
not have undertaken to screen Louallier from pun-
ishment. How does the conduct of these two men
stand before the world, as contrasted with General
Jackson's*? Comment from me is unnecessary.
The grateful people of America have shown their
approbation of the General's conduct, by electing
him President of the United States. Let the crown-
ing act ol approbation be consummated by a remis-
sion of this unjust fine—a fine to which the United
States have no more right than I have.
If you desire to see a picture designed by British
artists for New Oilcans, turn your eye to the Ce-
lestial Empire; and there you will behold the fair-
est fabric of God's workmanship, with her lovm< 
and loved offspring, rushing into the flaming fire°,
the yawning gulf, the deep abyss, to escape the
contaminating touch of a licentious British sol-
diery. Such a death did these innocent people pre-
fer, to such a brutal, licentious infliction of a British
behest, and with which New Orleans was threat-
ened; and such a calamity, nothing but unre-
strained physical power, directed bv the most in-
domitable patriotism and unconquerable bravery
could have averted. What could the civil power
have done to save this valuable portion of our
Affterican population from such a disaster and dis-
grace, if it could have acted with its most plenary
powerl All will answer, unhesitatingly, Nothing
at all. And for what, I would ask, was this heart-
rending barbarity inflicted upon this unoffending
people? Because they refused to eat the poisonous
drugs of this bloodthirsty people, and degrade, and
disgrace, and ruin themselves, to gratify British
cupidity, and pay them an extravagant price for it;
and to replenish an exhausted national treasury, af-
ter failing to supply it, by an appropriation of the
blood, bones, and muscles of a great portion of their
laboring people. And how came this treasury ex-
hausted'? By bestowing it upon sinecures, and
pampered and bloated aristocrats, who had never
rendered to the people for it a pin's value of ser-
vice. And how came New Orleans in danger of
such a British outrage as we see inflicted upon the
Chinese'? Because America dared to defend her
hardy seamen from outrages more daring, and, if
possible, more cruel. From six to ten thousand of
American seamen had already been seized, while
peaceably sailing under our flag, and were com-
pelled to fight the battles of our public enemy, and
defend a marauding and predatory commercial ma-
rine, sent forth to the remotest corner of the earth,
to sack and pillage the fait est portion of the civil-
ized world, or be tied to the masts of her floating
hells, and be flayed alive. Many valuable lives ol'
American citizens, which came to our knowledge
were taken in this cruel and barbarous manner;
and probably many more, that never came to light
Man'y broken-hearted fathers, mothers, brothers,
and sisters, mourned the loss of their friends, thus
butchered and sacrificed, and on whom they re-
lied for a daily support. What think you of the
people of New Orleans'] Do you thmk they would
wait for civil etiquette, and, ior fear of offending
the magisterial dignity of a prostrate judge, who
could neither avert the impending calamity nor
punish the offenders, forbear to call on the physical
power—the only one that could afford them any re-
lief or protection"?
SPEECH OF MR. CHOATE,
of Massachusetts.
In Senate of the United Stales, February 3, 1813—
On the bill to authorize the adoption of measures
for the occupation and settlement of the Territo-
ry of Oregon, fur extending certain portions of
the laws of the United States over the same, and
for other purposes.
The bill for the occupation and settlement of the
Tetritory of Oregon (which had been previously
discussed by Mr. Ciioate and othci Senators) again
coming up for consideration on this day—
Mr. C EI OATE spoke nearly as follows:
I wish, sir, before others resume the regular dis-
cussion of the measure under consideration, to say
something upon two or three topics in the speeches
of different Senators who have done me the honor
to make reply to what I urged against the bill a few
days ago. It is not my purpose to debate the sub-
ject at large, and over again, nor to attempt an an-
swer m detail to any one of the able arguments
which have been addressed to us. I objected and
now object, to that provision of the bill only which
Kl'a"ts> or engages to grant, lands to future settlers
of the Oregon 'I erritory. The provision forms the
matter of pa it of the first section, and is expressed
m these words:
"Provision hereafter shall be made by law to se-
cure and grant six hundred and fortv acres, or one
section of land, to eveiy white male inhabitant of
the Teiruory of Oregon, of the age of eighteen
years and upward, who shall cultivate and use the
same lor five consecutive years, or to his heir or
heirs at-law, if such there be, in case of his decease.
And to every such inhabitant or cultivator, being a
married man, theie shall be granted, in addition
one hundred and sixty acres to the wife of said
husband, andthelike quantily of one hundred and
sixty acres to the father for each child under the
age of eighteen years he may have, or which may
be born withtn the five years."
My objection to it was, and is, that it infringes, or
subjects this Government to a specious accusation
■ infrir38in£> clause in the existing convention
wnh Great Britain which declares that "any coun-
try that may be claimed by either party on the
northwest coast of America, westward of the Stony
Mountains, shall, together with the harbors, bavs
and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within
the same, be free and open to the vessels, citizens
and subjects of the two powers." I would not in-
fringe that convention, because it is honorable, and
politic as well as honorable, to perform with punc-
tilious exactness, and m liberal measure, all our en-
gagements as a nation.
Well, sir, upon one great point, at least, we all
concur. Everybody agrees that, if the bill in-
fringes the convention, it ought not to pass without
amendment. The Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Linn,] the framer of the bill, and now and long the
zealous and able advocate of the general policy
which it pursues, speaking for all its friends, agrees
to this. On the other hand, if the convention were
out of the way, 1 do not know that it might not re-
ceive a general vote, Whether it violates the con-
vention, therefore, or exposes itself to a colorable
charge of doing so, or not, is the precise and only
question.
It is obvious, then, Mr. President, that a great
deal of the matter which has been pressed into the
debate is irrelevant, and useless to the actual in-
quiry: I hope that some of it may not prove to be
mischievous as well as useless. Right or wrong in
their advice, Senators have not been very sparing of
it, nor very successful in showing us k>w it touches
the immediate deliberation. Whether it would be
wise or unwise now to give the notice prescribed
by the convention for terminating it, and thus set
the year running, at the end of which it must ex-
pire by its own provisions; whether it would be
wise or unwise, if there were no public faith in the.
way, to take military occupation of the whole ter-
ritory to the forty-ninth degree at once; whether it
would be wise or unwise to plant "fifty thousand
rifles" on the banks of the Columbia, as the Sen>
ator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan] so coolly counsels—
a thing more easily said than don?—andfWike the
meditated murder in the great tragedy, not "done
when 'tis done;" whether it would be better still to
send these same rifles to conquer England in Ire-
land, or to unfurl the standard of transatlantic lib-
erty in the streets of London or on the coast of
Kent, as other Senators have less distinctly recom-
mended;—whether _ any, or all, or none of these
things may be desirable and prudent, nobody pro-
poses that we shall begin by breaking our word.
Better auspices would better comtaence under-
takings so delicate and so magnificent. If, as Sen-
ators predict, a war with England is to come so
soon; if she really is closing her vast serpent folds
about us, and seeking her moment to crush us to
death; if the black regiments are organized, and
the armed steamers are built, by which she means
to convey her fatal gift of revolutionary emancipa-
tion to the vulnerable and inflammable South and
Southwest;—if such a war as this is to come so soon,
how much more^ desirable than eves, that it shall
find our honor without a stain! Other preparation
I do not undervalue; other armor you must forge
and put on; but he who has this is clad already "in
complete steel."
There is one question onlv, then, and that the
least discussed of any in this wide debate: Does
the bill, in its grant, or promise of grant of land,
break the convention'? In other words: having
agreed, as a Government, that this Territory of
Oregon, and every part ot it, shall remain free and
open to all the subjects of England, as well as all
the citizens of our own country, until the expira-
tion ot twelve months after notice of the termina-
tion of the agreement, can we now, before such
notice, do an act, as a Government, intended and
calculated to exclude the subjects of England
from the territory, in part or whole; to parcel
it out into farms; to enclose those farms with
stone walls; to lay them down in grain and
grass; to vest the title to them in American citizens,
m absolute property, for the maintenance of which
against all the world the public treasure and pub-
lic faith are solemnly engaged"? This is the ques-
tion, and really it answers itself. You have
agreed that, as a Government, you will do noth-
ing to prevent this territory, and every part of
it, from being free and open to the subjects of •
Lngland, and to your own countrymen, until the
convention expires. Perhaps you have agreed
that you will take care that your citizens shall "
do nothing to prevent it from being open. But
certainly you have agreed that, as a Government,
you will do nothing yourselves to shut it up. And
yet, by this bill, do you not do an act, as a Gov-
ernment, intended and calculated to close the ter-
ritory, in part or in whole, against English occu-
pation and enjoyment'? Do you not invite colonists
to settle on it by the promise of a perfect titlel If
