I
£«b. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m?
2rth Comg '"Sd Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
enough of them should go—as enough may go, and
are invited by the bill to go—to take up, fence in,
plough and sow every acre of it on which a man
can live, do you not engage to all of them such a
title? Do you not then take and grant the whole
territory, in exclusive property and occupation, to
American citizens'! And is this to leave it "free
and open" to the subjects of England"! "Why, sir,
in five years, if this bill produces the entire effect
for which its provisioas are calculated, and of
which they are capable, not an Englishman could
set his foot -on the territory for agriculture, trade,
or hunting. His entry would be a trespass on
American title, and the entry of his Government
an invasion and a war on you. I do not say that
this result is undesirable; but I do say you cannot
achieve it till you have put an end to the conven-
tion. You cannot shut up and appropriate a ter-
ritory, or an acre of it, consistently with an agree-
ment to keep it all free and open. Common sense,
common honesty, the municipal law, the judg-
ments of the nations, concur in this. The attempt
is to reconcile things irreconcilable; and the fifty
thousand rifles of the Senator from Ohio are un-
equal to it..
But I discussed this subject so much at large the
other day, that I will not pursue it further. In
truth, the only plausible defence of this part of the
bill which we have heard attempted, is, not that it
does not disregard and infringe the convention,
but that England has set the example of disregard-
ing and infringing it, and therefore we may do so
too.
Now, sir, if the fact is proved, I accede to the
inference. If England puts a construction upon
the convention which authorizes the two Govern-
ments to proceed to colonize the territory by in-
dependent policy; if she waives, deserts, and breaks
the convention m this behalf, then you may pass
this bill. Certainly, the bargain binds both or
neither.
But, Mr. President, I am not afraid of being
called the apologist of England when I declare that
I see no proot at all that she violates the conven-
tion, as I construe it. He must be a very vulgar
debater, and that a very vulgar assembly, by
whom and in which an attempt to persuade a na-
tion to preserve its own honor by the argument that
its great foreign rival has preserved his, should be
stigmatized as an unpatriotic apologist for that
great rival. No Senator here will descend to such
an imputation on another. I say, then, I see no
evidence of any act of the English Government
which justifies the act proposed to us. That the
convention operates to her advantage, and against
ours, is probably true; that her subjects are silently
and widely occupying the territory, culling out its
choicest parts, taking up its best mill-seats, re-
claiming its best land, and extending the English
name, national character, attachments, sympathies,
and connexions, all over it, forming it slowly into
another English colony, may be true. This may
make it quite expedient f to terminate the conven-
tion. It may make it quite necessary to assert the
doctrine, that no possession taken by an English
subject during the existence of the convention can
be allowed to confer title. It docs unquestionably
make it necessary that a wise and a firm and a
good-tempered diplomacy should, without one
moment's delay, undertake the adjustment of this
great question of the Oregon. But what I say is,
that I see no governmental act of England which
breaks the convention. Senators argue this point
a great deal too much at large. The question is,
not whether the English national temper is or is
not respectful and friendly towards this country; u
is not whether she once fired into the Chesapeake
frigate in a time of peace; not whether her
ulterior purposes in maintaining so many lines
of steam-ships are wicked or charitable; not whether
her hand is red with the blood of China and Aff-
ghanistan; not whether she meditates the gift of
liberty to all the enslaved; not whether she js proud,
ambitious, grasping; not whether that which is so
• definitely and intelligibly called her '^general atti-
tude" towards us is lionlike or lamblike, rampant
• or couchant. All these inquiries are important to
our general duties of statesmanship. As we may
answer ihem one way or another, we may have
to negotiate, to protest, to arm, to fight. But to the
deliberation of this moment, these inquiries are
worse than irrelevant. The question is, Does the
English Government grant land in the Oregon
Territory to English subjects, to be enjoyed and
ewned exclusively and adversely to all the world'!
Sir, there seems to be no proof of this at all. What
the English hunters and traders may have done,
I do not inquire. I look to the Government; and
what the Government has said, and what it has
done, I once' before have brought to the notice of
the Senate. In the act of 2d July, 1821, by which
the privilege of hunting and trading is granted to
the Hudson Bay Company, are these words:
"IV. And whereas, by a convention entered into
between his Majesty and the United Slates of
America, it was stipulated aDd agreed that any
country on the northwest coast of America, to the
westward of the Stony Mountains, should be tree
and open to the citizens and subjects of the two
powers for the term of ten years from the date of
the signature of that convention:
"Be it therefore enacted, Thatnothing in this act
contained shall be deemed or construed to author-
ize any body corporate, company, or person to
whom his Majesty may have, under the provisions
of this act, made a grant or given a liccnse of ex-
clusive trade with the Indians in such parte of
North America as aforesaid, to claim or exercise
any such exclusive trade within the limits speci-
fied in the said article, to the prejudice or exclusion
of any citizens of the said United States of America
who may be engaged in the said trade: Provided
always, That no British subject shall trade with the
Indians within such limits, without such grant or
license as is by this act required."
This, sir, is the legislation of England under the
convention which we are about to break. I con-
fess I should regret to see her legislation, and the
legislation which is proposed here, presented to-
gether to the moral judgment of the world.
I have no more to say, sir, upon the expediency
of passing this bill. Two better courses certainly
are open to you. Put an end to the convention at
once; and then, at the expiration of the year, pro-
ceed to plant a colony in the teriitory. This is
one course. But another is better still. Leave all
things as they are, and instantly enter upon a ne-
gotiation which shall close forever the last of the
questions which is of magnitude enough to endan-
ger the peace of two great nations, of one blood
and one faith.
I desire now, Mr. President, to say something
upon two or three topics introduced into the debate
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] To
much of his able address to the Senate 1 assent
entirely. To other portions of it I cannot assent;
and on these I beg to submit a few remarks, with
the deference which is due to him, but with the
freedom which is due to the Senate from every
Senator.
I understood the honorable Senator to remind
you, that some time since the Senate, upon his mo-
tion, made a call upon the President to apprize
this body what were those "informal communica-
tions" which, in his message transmitting the re-
cent treaty for our approval, during the last ses-
sion, the President says had been had with the
British minister upon the subject of the Territory
of the Oregon; and that to this call the President
replied, that the information sought lor could not
be given without detriment to the public interest.
The honorable Senator then proceeded to declare
that, in his opinion, this reply was not true, and
was not sincere; and that H was designed to con-
ceal the real reason for not answering the call;
which was, that the disclosure of the "informal
communications" would disgrace the American
negotiator, by showing that he had offered to draw
a line of boundary south of the parallel of forty-
nine.
Now, sir, in so far as the honorable Senator con-
fined himself to a denial that the public interest
would suffer by a revelation of this matter, and to
an argument to prove that it ought to have been
given, I have little to say. I may be permitted—the
youngest and least experienced of this body, reply-
ing to one of its oldest, most experienced, and most
distinguished members—to suggesta doubt whether
such a commentary on such a communication from
the Executive Government has been usual, and
even whether it was ever made before. I had
thought that a politic decorum had established the
practice of receiving such communications from
such a source as absolute truth. I had supposed
that the indispensable intercourse of the de| art-
men ts of Government, their respective con-
stitutional functions, independence, and responsi-
bilities, all required this.
But, sir, if it may be considered and discussed
as an open question, whether the President has
told us the truth, and whether his opinion that the
public interests required these communications to
be withheld is a well-founded one or not, I must
be permitted to say that I cannot doubt for a mo-
ment that the Executive determination was both
sincere and discreet. How could we have expected
beforehand any other answer1! Why, sir, the
business of the Oregon is at this moment the sub-
ject of actual negotiation between the Govern-
ments. It has been so for years. In his message
at the commencement of the present session of
Congress,the President declares his purpose to be
to conclude an early settlement of it, if practica-
ble. Such is my inference from his language. In
this posture of our affairs, so important and deli-
cate, would it be a usual and asensible proceeding,
or a strange and impolitic one, to publish to the
world from day to day the informal conversa-
tions of the representatives of the two powers'? "
Was such a thing ever heard of! The honorable
Senator says that our claim to the Oregon Ter-
ritoiy is, and always was, a uniform and decided
one, never shifting, never timid; and that there is:
nothing at all to be concealed. Well, sir, and
what then'! So was our claim in the Northeast a
uniform and confident claim. So always has been
our claim upon the great subjects of impressment
and the right of search; but when these claims, or
any claims, or any subjects, become matters of ac-
tual controversy, and are brought within the prov-
ince of diplomacy, do not the law, and the usage,
and the immemorial expediences of diplomatic
treatment apply to them; and are they not to be
discussed and put in shape for adjustment accord-
ing to the customary course of diplomacy'!
Let me remind you that there may be reasons for
at least the usual prudence of secrecy, urgently
and peculiarly applicable to this question. Re-
member that, according to the theory of England
upon the subject, it is a question to which not she
and we alone, but we and the whole world are
parties. She asserts no title in herself, but alleges
thctt it belongs to all the nations. If so, all of
them—except Russia, Spain, and France, who may
be thought to have quitclaimed—all the other na-
tions are parties; and then England and this Gov-
ernment are in truth .meditating an arrangement
excluding all the rest, and appropriating the whole
to themselves. Under any possible principle of
adjustment, they would hardly be expected to re-
veal the whole course of love from day to day,
running smooth or broken, in the presses of Lon-
don and Washington.
But, sir, it was not this which I proposed to
say. I desired chiefly to assure the Senator and
the Senate that the apprehension intimated by him,
that a disclosure of these informal communications
would disgrace the American Secretary, by show-
ing that he had offered a boundary line south of
the parallel of forty-nine, is totally unfounded.
He would be glad to hear me say that I am au-
thorized and desired to declare, that in no commu-
nication, formal or informal, was such an offer
made, and that none such was ever meditated.
The honorable Senator complains of the treaty
of last summer,'for not settling this question of the
Oregon. Il is one of its great sins of omission
which he charges, as he has done more than once
before.
Le t me say, sir, (what I need scarcely to say,) that
this forms no objection to the treaty, which doesoiot
lie against our whole past series of diplomacy.
Always this question of the Oregon has borne ex-
actly the same relation to all our questions with
England that it bore lastsurnmer. Alwaysit has
been thought important enough to be discussed
with other subjects, and never has it been quite
matured for adjustment, and never thought quite
so important as to hinder the adjustment of other
questions which were matured. How many trea-
ties have you made with England—how much dip-
lomatic conversation have you bad with her, since
Captain Grav discovered and named the Colum-
bia river? And yet, through the whole series—in
1807, 1814, 1816, 1818, ar.d 1826—in the adminis-
tiations of both the last Presidents always there
has been one course and one result with this sub-
ject. It has been treated of; formal and informal
communications have been held on il; it has been
found to be unripe for settlement; and it has been
found to be, or believed to be, not difficult enough,
or not pressing enough, to delay or alter the settle-
ment of riper and more pressing elements of con-
tention. There are, and have always been, two rea-
sons for this posture and this fate of the Oregon,
