Jan. 1843.
27"tu Cong.••••3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Morehead.
Senate.
"No higher or other tolls or rates of ferriage than
what are or shall be payable by natives, shall be
demanded on either side; and no duties shall be
payable on any goods which shall merely be car-
ried over any of the portages or carrying-places
on either side, for the purpose of being immediate-
ly reimbarked and carried to some other place or
places. But as by this stipulation it is only meant
to secure to each party a free passage across the
portages on both sides, it is agreed that this ex.
emption from duty shall extend only to such
goods as are carried in the usual and direct road
across the portage, and are not attempted to be in
any manner sold or exchanged during their pass-
age across the same; and proper regulations may
be established to prevent the possibility of any
frauds in this respect."
"As this article is intended to render, in a great
degree, the local advantages of each party com-
mon to both, and thereby to promote a disposition
favorable to friendship and good neighborhood, it
is agreed that the respective Governments will mu-
tually promote this amicable intercourse, by caus-
ing speedy and impartial justice to be done, and
necessary protection to be extended, to all who may
be concerned therein."
Now, sir, the first thing I have to say is, that this
expressly, m the plainest words and for the strong-
est reasons, gives to bc£|i nations the free and com-
mon use of aii existing portages.
"No duties shall be payable on any goods which
shall merely he carried over any of the portages
or carrying-places on either side, for the purpose
of being immediately re embarked and carried to
some other place or places. But, as by this stipu-
lation it is only meant to secure to each party a
free passage across the portages on both sides, it is
agreed," &c.
Yes, sir, it makes all of them—the Grand Port-
age and all—free, open, and common to both na-
tions, and to all of both. It does so for reasons
worthy of the age and the men. While we are in-
flaming ourselves about the ambition of England,
and the cruelly and rapacity of her traders; while
we sit and listen to denunciations of the negotiator
of the new treaty for allowing those traders to row
their canoes up the same rapid, and carry them on
their backs over the same portage, with our own,
as if the liberties of America were sold, just lis;en
to thatstrain of higher mood, in which the grand
and manly reasons are assigned in Jay's treaty for
this self-same thing:
"As this article is intended to render, in a great
degree, the local advantages of each party common
to both, and thereby to promote a disposition fa-
vorable lofnendship and good neighborhood, it is
agreed," &c.
You see, therefore, sir, that if it is a crime or a
blunder to open these portages, it is no new one.
The treaty by which the honorable Senator tries
this treaty, had opened them before; it had opened
them all; it had opened the Grand Portage, six
miles south of Pigeon river, just as much and as
widely as it opened all the rest. It opens "all on
both sides," in so many words; and it opened that,
or it opened not one.
The next remark I make on this subject is, that
Jay's treaty expressly declares that no duties shall
be exacted for the mere transit of goods across
these portages. If they are brought within our
territory for sale—if the right of portage is sought
to be converted into a right to open a market and
set up a shop, and thus to sell within American
territory, instead of transporting across it, then
duties are to be paid. But the right of portage,
directand bona fide, is free, and embarrassed byno
duty.
Just so it is, and subject to just the same limita-
tions, in the new treaty Portages it makes free
and open. Goods, therefore, which are carried
across these portages, in the usual manner, and in
good faith, will be subject to no transit duty. But
goods brought into American territory to sell;
goods which shall be arrested and taken out of di-
rect and fair transit across, and exposed for sale,
will be subject todutv at the pleasure of Congress.
Nothing is made free but the right to carry across.
He who, under color of using that privilege, exerts
another, puts himself out of the exemption of the
treaty.
If, then, sir, it is a crime, or blunder, to allow
the Canadian trader to cairy merchandise to the
great northwest beyond the line of our extreme
boundary, and bring furs back, free of transit duty,
John Jay set the example of it. He did not think
it worth while to harass such enterprise as that
by duties on blankets, and gunpowder, and rum,
and hominy, and wildcat skins! Following the ex-
ample of all civilization, he thought "dispositions
favorable to friendship and good neighborhood"
cheaply purchased by such courtesy as this. Even
if the portages had all been on the American side
of the line, as they were not—for this, after all, is
only a right of free transit given to England for a
right of free transit given by her—he would have
disdained exactions so unproductive, so vexa-
tious, so universally discountenanced by all inter-
national decencies of intercourse.
Since, then, sir, the new treaty and the old, in the
matter of these portages, are just alike, you may
wonder, perhaps, what the honorable Senator real-
ly means when he says that the new treaty brings
back the British traders whom the old one had sent
away. Over and over again he has made this dec-
laration. Long, long (says he) had these tribes
languished to return to the Grand Portage; negoti-
ation after negotiation had been tried for that pur-
pose in vain; there they were up at Kamanistiquia
and the unclassical Dog river, stretching out their
arms "ullenoris ripce amore" when the American
Secretary put himself at their head—a Moses, a
Joshua, (for he makes them both,) and led them
back. Now, what in the world does all this really
mean? Sir, without promising to be able to tell
you that, I will lay the exact facts before the Sen-
ate, and leave you to judge for yourselves.
For many years, then, before 1783, and down to
1803, the Canadian traders not only travelled
across the Grand Portage and other portages on
their way west from Lake Superior, but they had
their general depot at the Grand Portage. They
there had storehouses, dwelling-houses, and all the
necessary fixtures and permanent establishments
of a trading-post. Well, sir, this place was and is
within the territory of the United States. The
middle of Pigeon river is the boundary line—for
several miles, at least—up from its mouth, by the
treaty of 1783, by the treaty of 1842, and by the
concession of the honorable Senator from Mis-ouri;
and this place was and is six miles south of that
line. In 1803, (probably some lime before,) a rumor
reached that post that the American collector of
customs at Michilimackinac intended to levy duties
upon all the merchandise and property there, upon
the ground that they were within the United States;
and thereupon the traders broke up and abandoned
the depot, and established a new one at Kamanis-
tiquia, since called Fort William, fifty miles north-
east from the Grand Portage. There it has been
ever since.
And now, sir, I deny that Jay's treaty caused
the removal of this depot to Fort William, or
that the new treaty will bring it back to the
Grand Portage. The rights and the liabilities of
these traders under the two treaties are identi-
cally the same. They have had no Pharoah, and
have found no Moses. Why, sir, does the hon-
orable Senator say that, under the new treaty,
they can come back to the Grand Portage, re-es-
tablish their depot, build shops and houses, store
their goods, ana buy and felt as they dId Oelore
1803 1 Certainly not; for the treaty expressly de-
clares a line ofboumlary which brings that portage
within the United States; and it secures these
British subjects no right whatever in it, but to
ut-e it as a carrying-place for the direct mere
transportation of things over in good faith—a
naked, strict right of way. What, then, can they
do under this treaty, does he say 1 Why, they
can build their depot on the north bank of Pi-
geon river,near its mouth, opposite theGrand Por-
tage; and thence they cantiavel across the Grand
Portage, and all the other portages, to the Lake
of the Woods. Very well; be it so. Could they
not have done the same thing under Jay's treaty'!
Exactly, exactly. Was not the Pigeon river the
true boundary for at least several miles from its
mouth in 17941 Why, the honorable Senator ad-
mits it. It is the true boundary, he admits, es-
tablished by the treaty of 1783; and it has been
the true boundary ever since. Then, sir, the
next day after the treaty of 1783 was made—the
next day after Jay's tieaty was made, and at any
and every moment from that time to this, these
traders could have built their depot on the north
side of Pigeon river, and travelled to their hearts'
conient over grand portages and little ones, to
the tune of the Canadian boat-song, to the Lake
of the Woods. And that is everything they can
do by the new treaty ! And yet the Secretary
of'Stateis said to have realized the achievements
and blended the separate fame of Moses and
Joshua, by leading back the British traders whom
Jay had driven out.
It is true, undoubtedly, that the new tre.aty for
the first time expressly ascertains Pigeon river to be
the boundary. It for the first time enables all par-
ties on both sides to make all their arrangements
upon, and with a certain knowledge of, thaf import-
ant fact. It puts an end to the long and harassing
doubt whether the Dog lake, the Pigeon river, or
the Fond du Lac, is the point on Lake Superior
from which the line should set out westward. In
that sense, and to that extent, it apprizes British
and American traders of their exact rights and ex-
act privileges, and allows them to govern them-
selves accordingly. In that sense, and to that ex-
tent, it enables them to do what they could not pru-
dently do before. But does the honorable Senator
only mean, then, to complain that an important un-
settled line has been settled, and to this extent set-
tled rightly'! To that it comes at last, and to nothing
else.
I regret, sir, that the attention of the Senate has
been withdrawn so long from the consideration of
the bill for the occupation of the Oregon,(which is
thesubject properly before you,) by any merely col-
lateral matter, however important. But it was the
honorable Senator from Missouri who first turned
aside from the defence of the bill to attack the
treaty of 1842. Approving with my whole heart
and whole reason that great arrangement of peace
and of honor, I do not conceive that I am in fault for
losing sight of the bill upon your table to follow
him. I only hope the episode may not bear a too
disproportionate relation to the main performance.
And yet, why is a discussion of the treaty which
you have just concluded irrevelant to the imme-
diate question before youl If that treaty has been
believed, by the thoughtful and good of both coun-
tries, to go far and do much to restore and con-
firm the kind regards of the two great branches
of the English name and blood—if it has composed
one of their more exasperating and inveterate dif-
ferences—if it has sweetened their temper and
smoothed their brow—if, in the mode of en-
tering on and continuing that negotiation, Eng-
land has been observed to abate somewhat of her
pride and of her distance, and to be willing to meet
lrankly and half-way, in confidence and in honor,,
her daughter, her rival, so emulous of her "own
glory, so proud of her own lettered and martial
fame—if the result of a negotiation so begun, so
conducted, may fairly be reckoned among the
triumphs of reason and of civilization, a victory
of peace, a tribute to the duty of peace,—how solici-
tous should we be not now, by the thoughtless act
of a moment, to undo all that it has done; to dis-
appoint all that it has piomised! How solicitous,
especially, to do nothing which, while it endangers
our territory, shall sully our honor !
SPEECH OF MR. MOREHEAD,
OF KENTUCKY.
In Senate of lh . United StaUs, January %3, 1843.—
On the Oregon bill.
Mr. MOREHEAD said that he had, a few days
since, submitted to the Senate a resolution calling
upon the Executive for information as to certain
alleged acts of the British Government, by which
it has exerted an exclusive jurisdiction over the
Oregon Territory. The official answer toihat call
was conveyed in the communication which had
just been read to the Senate.
[The communication itself was, in effect, as
follows: The Secretary of Slate says that a letter
from Thomas .1. Farnham, dated 4th January,
1840, appears to have been transmitted to that de-
partment, by the Secretary of War, in the month of
May following; and that, on the 6th of the same
month, a letter was transmitted to the American
minister in London, with extracts from that com-
munication. As the President was desirous of
knowing whether the intelligence contained in
Mr. Farnham's letter relative to large grants,by
the British Government to the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, of a large and valuable tract of land in the
Oregon Territory, and of supposed grants and sales
of those lands by that company to individuals, was
well founded, the minister was instructed to make
application to the proper quaner for information
on the subject. In presenting the matter tothe Brit-
