$>30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong  "8d Sess>.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Morehead.
Jan. 1843.
Senate.
ish Government, he was assured that no such grant
of land had been made to the Hudson Bay Com-
pany; and that the only grant which bad been made
to that company was a grant of exclusive trade
with the Indians in certain parts of North America
for a further term of twenty-one years, on the sur-
render of the former grant.]
Mr. M. proceeded to say that his object, in the
call which he had made, was to place before the
Senate, for the. further course of this discussion,
authentic statements of fact in relation to the report
so generally credited, that grants of land had been
made by the British Government within the Ore-
gon Territory. He had desired more particularly
to have in the hands of the Senate the letter which
accompanied the Secretary's communication—a
letter to the Secretary of War, from a gentleman
at its date in the Territory, and employed by the
Government m an official capacity. It is of the
year 1839 or 1840, and mentions as a fact—that
which was then and there believed to be true—that
the British Government had granted to the Hud-
son Bay Company a large and valuable tract of
land in the neighborhood of the straits of Juan de
Fuca, and within the limits of the Oregon Ter-
ritory.
I learn with pleasure (said Mr. M.) the steps
which were thought advisable as to calling the
attention of the British Government to this allega-
tion, and their official denial of the fact thus stated.
The disavowal satisfies me that the supposed grant
has not been made; but it by no means convinces
me that everything but the"form of such grants is
not most real. The disclaimer does not alter the
acts of the British Government, except as to their
direct and open responsibility; nor the possession of
the Hudson Bay Company, so far as all the real
purposes of possession are to be accomplished. I
hold the disclaimer only material as to the forms
under which these things are done. Setting aside,
however, that point of the allegation, I think we
have abundant proofs that Great Britain, directly
or indirectly, exercises exclusive jurisdiction and
enjoyment of the Territory; that if she has not al-
ready dispossessed, she is rapidly and surely dis-
possessing us; and that she therefore completely
violates the convention, in point of fact, while she
respects its forms.
The words of the third article of the convention
of 1818 are as follows:
"It is agreed that any country that may be
claimed by either party on the northwest coast of
America, westward of the Stony mountains, shall,
together with its harbors, bays, and creeks, and the
navigation of all rivers within the same, be free
and open, for the term often years from the date of
the signature of the present convention, to the ves-
sels, citizens, and subjects of the two powers; it
being well understood that this agreement is not to
be construed to the prejudice of any claim which
either of the two high contracting parties may have
to any part of the said country; nor shall it be taken
to affect the claims of any other power or state to
any part of the said country: the only object of the
high contracting parlies, in that respect, being to
prevent disputes and differences among, lhem~-
selves."
Now, sir, this is claimed and construed as a treaty
of joint occupation; and that joint occupation tem-
porary, for it is to last but ten years.
A joint and a temporary occupation would, one
would say, exclude the idea of permament foris
and fixed settlements—things which mark the very
opposite of the only two forms of possession, per-
manent and temporary. Under the latter, tents may
be set up, shantees erected, and cabins or other such
rude and occasional shelters be built for momenta-
ry use. But the felling of forests, the construction
of regular habitations, the fencing in of fields, the
regular cultivation and improvement of the soil,
the fitting up of saw-mills, the assemblage of work-
shops, and of many other of the appliances of fixed
sojourn and employment, certainly denote, espe-
cially with forts to protect them, something more
than transient possession, and constitute, and are
meant to constitute, a lasting, and, of course, ex-
clusive occupation of the places thus appropriated.
Now, what are the proceedings of the great and
permitted agent of these British infringements—the
Hudson Bay Company'? The report of Captain
Nathaniel J. Wyeth (No. 101 Indian Affairs) shall
tell you.
Here Mr. M. read to the following purport from
Captain Wyeth:
"The company have now their chief establishment
at Port Vancouver, on the norlh side of the Col-
umbia, about eighty miles above its mouth; for Fort
George, (Astoria,) the older station, is now a mere
look-out, where little trade is done.
"At Vancouver are stationed about two hundred
men, usually employed in agricultural or mechan-
ical labor. There is a saw-mill about six miles
above it, which supplies lumber for themselves
and for the Sandwich Islands. The fort is a stock-
ade, with accommodations for the people employ-
ed at it, two large guns not in use, and such de-
fences merely as are necessary against the Indians.
To this point all the supplies for the fur-trade are
sent, and here the returns are collected."
He proceeds to enumerate and describe the other
British posts in Oregon: Wallahwatlah, Oknugen,
and Colville, on the Columbia; Flathead, on the
river of lhat name; the Big "Wood post, at the
mouth of Big Wood; and a station not permanently
occupied at the mouth of Umbiquoi.
He proceeds to relate the arts by which American
competition is excluded or crushed, and the traders
driven away. Their parties, he says, frequently in
violation of treaties, pass within the limits of the
United States on the Missouri. This was done in
1833, 1834, 1835, and 1836, contrary, it was said,
to the instructions of the company, but probably
with their consent.
He further says: "I have been informed that the
British Government have given an assurance to
the Hudson Bay Company that they will not sur-
render any part of the country north of the Colum-
bia; or, if they do so, they will remunerate them
for any establishments they may have made in that
part of it."
He proceeds to give an account of the younger
and entirely agricultural settlement of Wallumette,
on the south of the Columbia, where some twenty
or thirty men, formerly in the employment of the
company, cultivate small farms.
He concludes as follows:
"In conclusion, I will observe, that the measures
of this company have been conceived with wisdom,
steadily pursued, and have been well seconded by
their Government, and the success has been com-
plete; and, without being able to charge on them
any gross violations of the existing treaties, a few
years will make the country west of the mountains
as completely English as they can desire. Already
the Americans are unknown as a nation; and, as
individuals, their power is despised by the natives
oftheland. A population is growing out of the
occupancy of the country, whose prejudices are not
with us; and, before many years, they will decide to
whom the country shall belong, unless, in the
mean time, the American Government make their
power felt and seen to a greater degree than has
yet been the case."
The statements of Mr. Slacum (an agent of (he
Government, whose report may be found in the
same body of documents and same number) are
still minuter, but to the same general effect.
He gives an account of the formal surrender of
Fort George (Astoria) in 1818, in conformity xvith
-tWuaialu.af.Ohent. and the ceremonies with which
the British agents passetTTnWcr bur hands. The
fact itself goes far to mark an admission of our
claim of sovereignty. The fort itself was soon
after destroyed by fire, said to have been put by
the Indians.
His visit marks a considerable progress of things
sincc the time to which Mr. Wyeth's description
applies. "Fort Vancouver oceupies(in 1837) double
the old space. There are thirty-nine buildings
within, and forty-nine cabins under its walls; a
large barn, with seven other buildings attached; an
hospital and boat-house on the river; a saw-mill,
employing twenty-eight men, and cutting above
two thousand feet of timber daily, &c. The farm
contains three thousand acres in cultivation, em-
ploying one hundred laborers. The whole number
of persons attached to the establishment is from
seven hundred and fifty to eight hundred. The
farm produced in 1837 eight thousand bushels of
wheat; five thousand five hundred bushe]< of bar-
ley; six thousand bushels of oats; nine thousand
bushels of peas; fourteen thousand bushels of pota-
toes; and large quantities of other crops. They
had a large threshing machine; a distillery; (discon-
tinued;) a grist mill; a stock of one thousand black
cattle; seven hundred hogs; two hundred sheep;
near five hundred horses; and forty yoke of work-
ing oxen." [In short, it would appear to be pretty
much such a farm as the famous one of old Mr.
Coke, (the Earl of Leicester,) in England—an estab-
lishment about as much like a permanent settle-
ment as his]
I might, sir, (proceeded Mr. Moreheap,) multi-
ply quotations; but these are enough; to show that,
under the name and cover of the Hudson Bay
Company, the British Government is in actual, and.
regular, and exclusive, possession of this territory..
It is entirely under the control of that great asso-
ciation, at -whose back the Government itself stands,
whenever there is need. They have not only
turned your joint possession out of doors, but sys-
tematically set savage spies upon your steps, if you
wander towards your ancient tenement. They
unite against you all the Indian tribes, poison their
minds against you, and train them on to a mur-
derous hostility. They have, indeed, taken, in all
respects, those stealthy and irresponsible methods of
guile which (skilful nation as they are) they know
perfectly how to employ, when more available than
force. Forbearing to alarm you by any show of
strength, and to rouse you by any oppn contraven-
tion of the treaty, they 'have yet, without an effort,
(husbanding their own resources, and not calling
out yours,) through the commercial mechanism of
a powerful and enterprising company, and its far-
spreading agents and posts, accomplished, to a great
extent, everything that they could wish, or we
dread. They have swept tl^$ country of its rich
furs, obtained a complete ascendency over its
tribe-, kept you off, started new modes of life more
permanent than those which have failed, and, m
short, got so long a start upon you in the race of
possession, that you must at once exert yourself, if
you would not be distanced. Are all these things
to go on, until she comes to found a new title up-
on the very length of the wrong, and bar you for-
ever by pleading the statute of limitations!
Nor, sir, is all this to be escaped by saying that
these are the acts of the Hudson Bay Company,,
and not of the British Government. They are
done under the sanction of that Government, and
they are the surest means of achieving its purposes.
They form its system of territorial encroachment
almost everywhere, and especially against all na-
tions capable of resisting direct attack. They are
done by its subjects—not wandering outcasts mere-
ly, but a numerous body, organized and char-
tered, gifted by the Government with high privi-
leges, and strictly accountable to it. Unquestiona-
bly, if such a body, watched over as it is by the
British Government, pursues, for a series of years,
measures so admirably fitted to break up our access
to that country, and all that common enjoyment of
it which the convention of 1818 stipulates, Britain,
to whose advantage against us all these acts of her
great association turn—Britain, whose snre-t sys-
tem of encroachment and dispossession they form
—Britain, who takes from that company, as its mis-
tress and sovereign, all that it can snatch from us—
Britain, I say, must be held, in effect, to do all these
things, let he'r evasively disavow them as much as
she will.
Referring to the British act of Parliament of
July 2,1821, the Senatorfrom Massachusetts quoted
its fourth section to show that it expressly refused
to give any such license to trade in the Oregon Ter-
ritory, to the prejudice or exclusion of any citizens
of the United States who may engage in the trade
there. And he cited the sixth section of the same
act, to show lhat, in setting up there the jurisdiction
of their own Canadian courts, they had expressly
excepted such places as were within any civil Gov-
ernment of the United States.
[Ilere Mr. Choate reminded Mr. M. that the
British Government had distinctly declared that
the purpose of this act was limited to British sub-
jects, and not meant to include Americans.]
Mr. M. continued. I am awareoftheir disclaim-
er: but I regard it as of no great importance what
they say in these diplomatic interchanges of the
best reasons they can find to justify the policy which,
they are resolved to pursue. Their acts we know;
and are perfectly able to judge of as plain ones as
these, let their declarations be what they may. And
now, what is the law that I have statedl Very
fair in seeming, and very considerate of our rights.
It says that it i  to extend to no plsee within any
civil government of the United States. "Well,
they know perfectly well that we have set up no
civil jurisdiction whatever in that entire country;
and they have thus far taken care that we shall
have nobody there to set it up over; so that they
know lhat they apply their jurisdiction, by this act?
to the entire country.
