232
27th cosg""3d sess.
appendix to tfljb congressional globe.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. Huntington. 
Feb. 1843.
Senate.
veyed under your present laws, settlers have a
right to go upon, and make selections of the best
and most choice portions of it, and they acquire the
right of pre-emption; that is, they acquire the right
to hold their settlements against all the world, on
condition only that they shall pay the Govern-
ment one dollar and a quarter per a,cre whenever
the Executive shall please to have it sold. This
sale he may order in one year, or not for twenty
years; and, so long as the public sale is not made
by order of the President, the settlers hold and en-
joy the lands without interest on the purchase mo-
ney. They are purchasers on a credit, at the will
of the President, without interest. Who can ex-
. pect that sales will be made, or much revenue de-
rived from these lands, under such a system"?
Many years ago it was found that the sale of
the public lands upon a credit was unwise, and
created the dangerous relation of debtor and credit-
or between ihe Government and too many of its
citizens. That policy was,therefore, then changed
—the existing debts were forgiven, by allowing sur-
renders, the price of the lands reduced one-half,
and cash sales prescribed for the future. But, by
some sort ol legerdemain, we have now got back
to credit sales in a ten times more destructive and
dangerous form. How many thousand voters are
now on the public lands, the debtors of the Gov-
ernment in fact, under the disguise of pre-emption-
ers, at the mere will of the President of the United
States, for millions of dollars'! How anxious must
they not be to prolong iheir credit, since they pay
no interest! and how difficult must it not be for a
President to resist their solicitations to delay the
sales'! and how dangerous is not, or may not this
absolute control over the interests of such numbers
of people become, in the hands of an Executive of
this countryl Sir, this system must be changed.
The people will not longer consent that so great
and valuable an inherilatice shall be appropriated
to the exclusive use of a few, while others aresuf-
iering for the want of their just proportion; neither
will they much longer allow so great and such dan-
gerous power to remain in the hands of any Presi-
dent.
Something was said in connexion with the sub-
ject of State debts the other day, by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] about British bankers
and British brokers. 1 did not distinctly under-
stand the application of those remarks, but supposed
they were intended to lessen the sense of obligation
to pay these bonds, because they were held by such
people. Mr. President, I have nothing to do with
bankers or brokers, British or American. X have
no interest in these matters, except as a tax-payer;
my taxes I find are heavy, and to pay them
I am obliged to part with means necessary to pro-
vide properly for the comfort of myself and chil-
dren. Yet, sir, I do pay them promptly and willing-
ly; and, sir, these children shall toil—yea, sir, they
and their sire shall toil, in th« earth, so long as this
arm is nerved or this heart is warm, sooner than
the fair fame of our State shall be tarnished by a
refusal to pay to the last cent of our debts, no mat-
ter who holds our bonds. Our debts have been
fairly contracted; and, by the blessing of God and
the efficacy of human energy, we of Maryland will
toil on to the last, and submit to alt sor-ta-of -prrvap"
tions,but we will redeem our plighted faith. Re-
pudiation has no hold in our soil; there were but
two members of our last Legislature who were sup-
posed to countenance such a doctrine, and they
representing counties always, I believe, opposed to
the policy which has produced our indebtedness,
and therefore surly and discontented under the
pressure of the necessary taxation; and yet, sir,
those two gentlemen met, upon their return home,
the indignant frowns of their noble-minded con-
stituency, and were dismissed from the public ser-
vice. Those constituents feel, and deeply feel, the
pressure of the times, and are disappointed and dis-
satisfied to find that direct taxation has come upon
them; but, nevertheless, theyprefer 1 heir difficulties,
and will bear them willingly, taxes and all, rather
than submit to dishonor. There is still alive
among them, sir, (and long may it be chcrished!)
that proud spirit of sturdy independence and con-
scious integrity which characterized their honored
ancestry. They will never repudiate their debts.
But, sir, while we intend to exert our every
nerve to maintain our honor and meet all our en-
gagements—while we shall be delving to earn the
means necessary for our subsistence and for this
purpose, we shall not be able to forget, in the midst
of our toils and privations, that there are those that
could easily relieve us, and who will not; that
there are those who, having our means in their
hands as our trustees—means which our blood and
treasure have before acquired, and which are am-
ple for our relief—yet coldly withhold those means
from our use, and turn with disdain from our suf-
fering and our wants; nay, more, who select this
very time to aggravate both, by unnatural and un-
called-for assaults upon our credit. Sir, we cannot
and we will not forget nor overlook these things.
"We come not to you as mendicants, asking you to
assume or pay ourdebts. No, sir; we disdain all
such abasement. But we ask, we demand our
rights—our fair proportion of a vast common
property, which you are wasting, and which
would make us happy if you would but relax your
iron grasp.
We have been told, sir, that this subject was to
enter into our next elections; and I suppose the
object of gentlemen is to make up issues for that
election. I am willing, quite 'willing, to go down
to the election upon this, the true issue, as X now
put it. Gentlemen must not expect mc to allow
them to make up false issues upon a question so
vitally interesting to my constituents. No, sir; if
justice is to be withheld from us, 1 will at least see
that the true issue is made; and upon that I am
ready to meet gentlemen before the people. I go
for relief—relief, by applying to the present wants
and necessities of the people the proceeds of the
public lands, which are rightfully theirs, and which
you are wasting; and I have before shown, though
you now disguise the fact, that this fund properly
administered is amply sufficient to afford us great
and permanent relief.
I offer you, Mr. President, as an amendment to
the resolutions of the Senator from South Caroli-
na, [Mr. McDoffje,] the following:
Resolved, That most wisely did the fathers of the
Republic, in establishing the Constitution o 1 the
United States, so frame that sacred instrument that
it should be plain, easily understood, and intelli-
gible to all upon whom it was to operate as a rule
of action; and that it is not competent for any de-
partment of the Government, established by it, to
enlarge or contract its true meaning, of which the
citizens are, and of necessity must be, in the last
resort, the exclusive judges.
Resolved, That it is no part of the assigned duty
of the Senate of the United States to expound the
Constitution to the people; and every such attempt
is a departure from its appropriate spheie of ac-
tion, and argues a distrust in the capacity of the
people for self-government, unwarranted alike by
our past history, and the present enlightened state
of the public mind.
Resolved, That, whilst it is no part of the duty of
the Senate of the United States to expound the
Constitution for the people, it is its most solemn
duty to exercise the powers intrusted to it by that
instrument, in the true spirit and according to the
nature of the trust, for the promotion of the hap-
piness and the welfare of the people.
Resolved, therefore, The happiness of the peo-
ple now requiring it, and full power over the
subject being given to Congress, that provision
should be made, without further delay, for the fair
proceeds of the public lands, in such manner as
will best tend to remove or alleviate the evils ot
direct taxation, under which the people of some
of the States are now suffering, and which threaten
soon inevitably to be visited upon other States.
REMARKS OF MR. HUNTINGTON,
OF CONNEC l ICUT.
In Senate, February 25, 1843.—On the hill for the
repeal of the bankrupt act.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that it was no part
of his purpose to address the Senate on the general
subject of the repeal of the bankrupt act. There
was one reason (among many others) which would
deter him from making a speech nov); and that was,
the necessity imposed on the Senate to devote the
few remaining days of the session to action instead
of debate. Our unfinished business was very great,
and public expediency and private justice both de-
manded that we should proceed as rapidly as pos-
sible to dispose of it. It might be added, that prob-
ably the opinion of every Senator was matured,
ana that discussion would not alter it. Mr. H. said
he had risen solely to assign the reasons for the
vote he should give. _ This it was proper he should
do, especially since the appeals which had been
made to Senators whose votes were given in favor
of the passage of the bankrupt act, and to himself
particularly by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Choate.] on a portion of whose remarks he
should be pleased to comment, if the business be-
iore the Senate should allow it. He should confine
himself to a brief explanation of his position, and
of the reasons for the course he should pursue.
Mr. H. said it was well known that heretofore he
had acted with those who were desirous to have a
bankrupt law a part of our system. When I came
into the Senate, (said Mr. H.,) such an act was un-
der consideration; and the first vote which I gave
here was upon a proposition which related to sub-
jecting banking corporations to the provisions of
the act. I had the honor to be one ol the select
committee to which that act was referred for re-
vision and final modification. It received all the
attention I was able to give it, and it had my
support both in debate and by vote. I continued
to advocate and vote for a bankrupt act until it
passed the Senate. In doing so, while I followed
the dictates of my own judgment, I believed that
I was carrying out the views and wishes of a
large majority of my constituents. 1 was aware
that there was somewhat of a divided opinion in
the State which I represent. I presented many
peitions, numerously signed, in favor of a bank-
rupt law, and very few in opposition to it. I
had no leason to doubt that the sentiment of the
State was, in genera], favorable to its passage. I was,
however, left to the free and unbiased expression
of my own views, and to such action as my judg-
ment should dictate,by a State which knew I would
act from correct motives, and from a conscientious
regard to duly, and which has, on more than one
occasion, givrn me the highest proofs of her confi-
dence. And (said Mr. H.) I do not affirm now,
that I either misunderstood the opinions of those
whom I represent, or that they have undergone any
change as to the propriety of the passage of the
law at the time when it was enacted. But they are
now of opinion that it ought to be repealed. I have
received the instructions of the Legislature of Con-
necticut on this subject, but, as directory and au-
thoritative, they do not control my action. I do
not believe in the modern doctrine of instructions.
Indeed, there is hardly any doctrine which I con-
sider more palpably unconstitutional, and more
eminently dangerous, than that which declares it
to be the duty of a Senator to obey the orders of
the Legislature or to resign. But I do not mean
to enter into any argument on this point. If, how-
ever, I did acknowledge the right to require obe-
dience to such orders, I should obey them or re-
sign. I should not profess to be a believer in the
doctrine of instruction, and declare my readiness
to obey, and at the same time quibble about words,
and plead m abatement, or demur specially to the
instructions, and thus avuid a compliance by object-
ing to the form in which the order had been passed.
But, as I utterly deny any such authority on the
part of a Legislature, I shall not enlarge upon this
point. The opinion of such a body I shall treat
with respect; and, if I find it to be the expression
of the public opinion, maturely formed upon ques-
tions of national policy, and that in supporting
that opinion no sacrifice of conscience, or honor,
or constitutional duty, is required of me, it will re-
ceive from me all that attention and respect and
weight which, under such circumstances, it eminent-
ly deserves. With some exceptions, (of men of the
highest character for intelligence and moral worth,)
the State which I represent is now decidedly op-
posed, as I believe, to the continuance of the bank-
rupt law. The opinions of the people of that
Commonwealth have not been hastily formed, nor
are they the result of bias, or prejudice, or caprice.
They have been deliberately formed, after a care-
ful examination of the subject, and of the operation
of the law; and my constituents have spoken, in
various forms, in language which cannot be mis-
understood, and in a manner which leaves no
room for doubt as to iheir wishes. The bankrupt
law is considered by them as a measure which
their interests and those of the Union require
should not be persevered in, and which ought to
be repealed. And now (said Mr. H )1 consider it
proper to carry out these views of my constituents.
The subject is one on which they have a right to
speak, and regaiding which their wishes should be
carried into effect. It is their right to say that
they believe their interests, as well as those of the
country generally, will be promoted by the repeal of
the bankrupt law. They have exercised that right
