234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOB®.
July, 1842.
7iH CONG'-.-SB Sbss.
The Tariff Bill—Mr J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
cents per square yard." Thirty per cent, on a yard,
valued at twenty cents per yard, is six cents tariff-
making the article, with cost and tariff, worth
twenty-six cents. If the artic'e be worth anything
less than twenty cents per yard, it is still valued as
it' worth twenty cents per yard, and is taxed six
cents accordingly. If the yard of cotton be worth
bat six cents, or less than six cents per yard, (and
many descriptions are worth less than'six cents,)
still they are valued as if worth twenty cents, and
pay the six cents tax per yard. A tax of six cents
on goods worth bat six cents, is a tax of one hun-
dred per cent., when the bill professes to be but
thirty per cent, ad valorem. It K unfortunate that
the people of the country cannot generally know
that, out of every two dollars which they pay for
coarse cotton manufactures, they pay one in the
shape of taxes, and profits on taxes, to I his Govern-
ment, It is unfortunate that this tax falls mainly
upon the poor, who buy the coaise article; and not
upon the rich, who boy the fine ai tide. It is un-
fortunate that, while the lich pay but thirty per
cent, upon their fine cottons, the poor are compelled
to pay one hundred per cent, upon their coarse
cottons It may be answered that coarse cottons are
still sold chcap. If this be so, the evil still exists.
Cottons imported cannot be sold for less than
the cost and the tax. If the cost be six cents per
yard, and the tax be six cents per yard," then the
yard must be sold for twelve cents; and, at that
price, the seller makes no profit. It may bs said
that the competition in making the domestic ti-
de reduces it below twelve cents. If an article,
equal to the imported article, worth six cents per
yard, can be made here and sold toi eleven cents
per yard, this will cxeludc the impoitaiion of
the foreign article, becau^o that must bring twelve
cents pei yard—the cost and Ihe tax— else the im-
porter loses on every yaidof it. If an article can
be made here, and sold for less than twelve cenis,
similar to a foreign article which costs six cents
here, and pays a tax of six cenls, then the manu-
facture of the former must exclude the impoitatiou
of the lattei. If for an aiticle equal to an im-
ported article, worth only six cents per yard, we
pay our home manufacturer eleven cents pel yard;
then we give him a bounty of five cents pel' yaid,
and this, on one million of yards, would be fifty
thousand dollars.
The same section of this bill provides, that "all
manufactures of cotton, or of which cotton shall
be a component part," "dyed, colored, printed, or
stained, m whole or in part, not exceeding in value
thirty cenls the square yard, shall be valued at
thirty cents." if they cost but six cents, they shall
be valued as if they cost thiity; and if they cost but
six cents per yard, they shall pay nine cents tax per
yard. This is the minimum principle, and its op-
eration. I shall seleci only these examples from
the law. The principle is odious, because emi-
nently unjust to the poor, and gnevously oppressive.
3. This bill taxes sugar, coffee, and salt. So far as
the tax on these articles goes, (and no small amount
of our revenue will be raised from them,) they di-
mmish the bounties which we pay to the manufac-
turer. Salt should be excepted. Thc-Urawbstete-
on this article about equal the taxes collected from
it. But while wc dimmish the bount'es to the
manufacturer, by taxing sugar, coffee, and sail, ue
increase the pro/its paid by the consumer upon
these articles. But the general amf nearly equal
use of these articles aniong all classes, rich and
poor, is the principal objection to taxing them.
The poor and the rich have families about equal in
size. If there be a difference, the families oi the
poor are generally larger than those of (he rich.
The poor, who live hard, and work harder, are
strong, robust, and hearty, and, consequently, eat
more. The rich, who live easily, and work none,
are, consequently, more delicate and more abste-
mious, andeat less. While the former would drink
his three cups of coffee, the latter would generally
be content with or.e. The poor, then, would use
more sugar and coffee, and probably more salt, than
the rich; and would, therefore, pay more taxes on
these articles than the rich. This would be against
the general principle that the Gorernr.ient should
collect taxes f t om ket citizens in proyoition to the
property win r.h s he p/ohrts forthem This is tax-
ing piovisions, labor, and numbers, instead of tax-
ing property. The pooi cannot escape the tax, un-
less they deny themselves the use of these articles.
This they do not, and ought not to do, unless you
tax them too heavily. If all are not supplied boun-
tifully with sugar, coffee, and salt, they ought to be;
and any law which prevents a bountiful supply of
these articles, is a cruel and an oppressive law. And
if, by the tax, you prevent the people from eating,
you do not get the tax; and you starve them, and you
practise your cruelty, and you are guilty of oppres-
sion, without getting your profit.
4 The general rate of duties in this bill is too
high. The object of the tariff is to raise revenue.
I am willing to discriminate; but discriminations
should be for the purposes of raising revenue and
equalizing the taxes, rather than for the purpose of
encouraging one class of citizens, or one particular
pursuit, by giving them part of the profits of other
classes or other pursuits. In favor of those articles
which are indispensable in time of war, we should
discriminate But for manufactures generally,
there will be protection enough under a tariff for
revenue, without any unjust and oppressive discrim-
ination. Too much discrimination will min the
manufacturers themselves. It will amount to pro-
hibition, and prohibition will drive us to direct tax-
ation. A fair reverue tariff gives as much protec-
tion as mos-t manufacturers should want.  
If an article can be made in another country, for
example, and so'd to us 25 per cent cheaper than
we can make and sell it, then we ought to buy the
article from that other country, instead of making
it ourselves; and we should direct our capital and
our labor to some other pursuits more profitable.
No man has a right to call upon the Government
to make his employment more profitable than that
of other men; yet the Government does this very
thing. By an ordinary tariff, she gives to the man-
ufacturerprotcction to the amountof that tariff; and,
to that amount, advantage over other pursuits, only
equally profitable, and which are unprotected. Of
the latter class, are commerce, navigation, and
agriculture. The latter is, to some extent, pro-
tected by th is bill; but that protection is a mere pre-
tence, and a humbug. You protect cotton, hemp,
and tobacco, when the fertility of our soil, and the
adaptation of our climate to the giowth and pro-
duction of these articles, enable us to make them
chcaper than any part of the world. I\o nation
can undersell us Without your protection, unless you
inflate our currency so as to make us the market
and the common receptacle for evei ything which
the balance of the world produces. We not only
undersell other nations at home in these articles,
but we undersell them abroad. Your protection,
then, is a humbug and a mockery.
But the manufacturer is not content with the
advantage which a tax for revenue gives him. He
wants more. He wants the buidc.is of the rev-
enue collected lrom such articles as are manufac-
tured by hitnrclf. He does not buy the foreign
article, but uses his own. He pays no tax, then,
on these articles. A portion of his countrymen
buy his article, and pay him what the imported
article would cost, ;.nd the tax oil the imported
article. The latter part of the price of his article
is the bounty which we pay to him as protection.
Another pari of his country men buy the imported ar-
ticle, and they pay the cosiofthat aiticle, and the tariff
on that article; and fiomthis class are collected the
-rw tui^^uhai3iavj;rnnient. The manufacturer
escapes the tax; the purchaser of the domestic ar-
ticle pays a tax to the manufacturer, instead of
p,lying one to the Government, and the piirchasei
oi'lhe imported aiticle pays all the tevenue of the
Government. Then you 'not only protect the man-
ufacturer, but you exempt him from tax, so
far as he consumes his own manufacture instead
of the foreign.
5. This bill proposes to lepeal the 20 per cent,
clause in the distribution law. The substance of
this clause is, that if an;/ /ate of duties over'20 per
cent, is imposed after ike passage of the rhstribu-
tioii net, then thf di*.tr ibotimi is to be suspended.
I This bill proposesto raise the duties above 20 per
een' , and at the same time to lepeal the law sus-
pending the distribution. I shall say nothing now
of the 'unconstitutionality of collecting revenue to
distribute among the States, whether it be from the
customs or frotr; the public lands. The inexpe-
diency of the measure is ob]ection enough. This
Government is in debt, and unable to pay—is a
beggar, and unable to borrow. She wants t>gi<'e
awavrnoney, when she has none ior her own use,
much less to give. This is evidently unwise and
impolitic; bat this subject I will notice further here-
aftei.
ti. I stated, as a general objection to a tariff, that
the taxas paid under it were not m propoition to
the property protected by the Government; because
the poor generally paid as heavy taxes Tinder the
taiiff as the rich, and often more. The tax oil
sugar is one example; on coffee, another; and oa
salt, another. The tax on cottons and other articles
where the minimum principle prevails, is an ex-
ample where the rich pays his 30 per cent, on fine
cottons, and the poor 100 per cent, on coarse cottofis.
These are inequalities under this particular bill;
but no tariff can be arranged so as to operate' equal-
ly Their unequal operation is an objection to
tariffs generally. The manufacturer is measurably
exempt from their operation; and while others are
burdened to death, he is enriched by them. As the
disease profits the physician, and kills the patient,
so the ti riff profits the manufacturer, and ruins the
consumer.
7. Of ail others, the system of imposts is the
most expensive, and, consequently, the most op-
pressive system of taxation. From 1830 to 1840,
including both years, $210,707,992 were collected.
The expense of collecting this sum was $15,160,148.
This was an expense ofover7i per cent, for collect-
ing. But this is not the expense which I allude" to,
as making it a most expensive and oppressive sys-
tem of taxation. I allude to an expense far more
enormous, extravagant, and oppressive. 1 allude
to the profits which are paid by the consumer upon
the tax which goes into the treasury. In examin-
ing this part of the subject, I may not allude again <
to the 7i per cent, for collecting. That is two in-
significant to be noticed here; but the accumulation
of profits on the tax, by the time they are paid by
the consumer, amounts to a sum which seems in-
credible to any one who has not made the calcula-
tion for himself.
I shall examine this part of the subject as it oper-
ates upon the West. Of part of that country I have
the right to speak. On the balance of the Union
the operation is of the same character, but not in
every part to the same extent; but is extensive and
injurious on all, after you leave the sections of
country immediately around the importing cities
and custom-houses.
The goods which we use in the West, on which
the tariff is collected, pass first through the hands
of the importer; second, through the hands of the '
jobber; third, through the hands of the Western city
merchant; fourth, through the hands of the village
or country merchant, and, fifth, into the hands of
the consumer; and there they stop. Each one of
these persons has his profit, till you come to the
consumer, who pays all the profits which accumu-
late on the goods before they reach his hands, and
makes none himself. This accumulation of profits
applies not only to the tax upon the goods, but also
to the original cosl; and it applies not only to for-
eign goods, but also to domestic goods made East;
and not only to the actual value of the domestic
goods, but also to any bounty which we may pay
to the manufacturer. But my main object is, to
show the accumulation of profits on the tariff, and
the expense and cost of collecting revenue by that
system.
As before said, the goods used in the West go
through the hands of the importer, the jobber, the
Western city merchant, the village or country
merchant, andthe consumer. To the importer, the
lobber pavs ten per cent, profit; to the jobber, the
Western city met chant pays twenty percent, profit;
to the Western city merchant, the village or coun'ry
merchant pays thirty per cent, profit; and to the
village or countiy merchant, the consumer pays
fifty per cent, profit. I assume these as the average
profits charged. The;e profits are not always real-
ized, because under the crcdit system many bad
debts ai e contracted, and many losses are sustained.
But these profits are collected from those who pay.
When loafeis tail to pay, working-men are
mulcted to make up the deficiency.
If the profits which 1 have assumed be too high,
that does not change the principle, or prevent the
enoirnous accumulation of costs in collecting the
tariff trom the Western people, but only mitigates
the evil. It, in any case, I have assumed profits
that are too high, those who know the profits ac-
tually charged can correct me, and can easily
make the calculations for themselves at the true
profits, tf these profits are thought by any to be
higher than are charged, let them be reduced even
one-half, and then let theni calculate the profits
upon the tariff at this reduction; and they will still
see that, ot all systems of taxation, it is the most
oppressive ar,d ruinous to the Western people.
The same remark applies to other portions of the
Union, but not to all to the same extent. I know
