V July, 1842.
j£Ttu Cong «-«3d Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <3LOBE.
235
The Tafiff Bill—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
thit' many of the 'Western village and country
merchants purchase their own goods in the East-
ern, cities, and thus cut off the profit to the West-
€fh city merchant; bat I have yet to learn that
do so to enable them to sell their goods the
cheaper, and that they do not do so to reap the
TCnole aflftount of profits themselves. But, il'they
d6 Sell cheaper in such cases, still this only miti-
gates, and does not remove the evil; but leaves
the tariff still the most ruinous of all systems of
taxation on the West, And what is worse—it is
ruinous to the people without benefiting the Gov-
efiitaefit. Even the manufacturer gains but a pit-
tahce of what the consumers lose. Even the
"dealer in merchandise can hardly be a gainer by
thfc heavy profits paid on the tariff. If he pays
onte'hundreu per cent, tariff, and one hundred per
cent, cost, it is true he makes as much profit upon
the tariff as he makes upon the cost, and pays only
half the amount of freight, drayage, wharfage, and
storage, and gains by saving half these expenses;
but these are mere drops in the bucket, and make
no show in the general price of the merchandise.
His insurance is just the same as if he paid no
tariff, and bought twice the amount of goods. And
if, instead of one hundred per cent., the merchant
paid no tariff, he could then trade on twice as
m&hy goods, and make the same profit, and run
no greater risk; and the consumer would be bene-
fited by getting double the amount of goods for
the same amount of money. The same observa-
tions apply to any tariff less than one hundred per
cent., ^vlth this difference only: that, as you dimin-
ish the tariff, you diminish the injurious opera-
tion ofthe tariff; and as you increase the tanfl, you
increase its ruinous effects. The operation of the
tariff, then, not only ruins the consumer, but it
ruins the merchant also. The latter depends upon
the former, and the latter fails because the former
fails—the latter is ruined because the former is
ruined. When you break down the farmer, the
merchant has no shoulders to rest upon.
Let us calculate the cost of the tatift'on the West-
em people; and, while we are at it, we can look at
the accumulation of profits upon the original cost
of an article, as well as at the accumulation of
profits upon the tariff paid on that cost. It will
produce no confusion to look at both at once. We
are ruined by both. For our purpose, let us as-
sume that the original cost of an article is what it
has cost the importer when it reaches the custom-
house, and before the tariff is paid. Here the im-
porter pays the tariff. The tariff and the original
cost make the whole cost to him. The importer
charges ]0 per cent , the jobber 20 per cent., the
Western city merchant 30 per cent, and the village
or country merchant 50 percent. The profits end
with the village or country merchant. The con-
sumer makes no profits, but pays all.
To get the accumulation of profits upon the origi-
nal cost, or upon the tariff, you must add the first
profit to the original cost, or to the tariff, as the case
may be, and then calculate the second profit; add
that to the cost and fust profit, or tariff and first
profit, and on that calculate the third profil; add
this to the cost and two first profits, or to the larilf
and two first profits, and on this calculate your
fourth profit; then add this to the cost and three
first profits, or to the tariff and three first profits,
and you have the amount paid by the Western
eonsumer in the shape of cost and profits on cost,
and in the shape of tariff and profits on tariff; and,
hy adding the two together, you have the cosi, the
tariff, the profits on cost, and the profits on tariff,
making the whole amount paid by the consumer.
From the profits here charged on the cost and on
the tariff, should be deducted the expenses for
fieight, insurance, drayage, wharfage, and storage;
but these expenses are too insignificant to be no-
ticed in treating of others of such stupendous mag-
nitude as those we are now exposing. The 7J per
cent, expense of collecting the revenue will be
much mure than an offset to the expense of insu-
rance, freight, drayage, wharfage, and storage; but
let one balance the other.
To make this matter clear—to show the vast ac-
cumulation of profits on the cost, and the vast accu-
mulation of profits on the tariff; to show the enor-
mous expense of collecting a revenue by a system
ofimposts—let us now give an example. One hun-
dred yards ofcommon broadcloth (an article every-
where abundantly used in the Western country) in
the hands of the importer in New York, at the cus-
tom-house, before the tariff is paid—ft eight, insu-
rance, and all other charges up to that time paid—
would be worth, say two dollars per yard; making
the one hundred yards worth to the importer $200.
On this the importer pays the tariff; which, by the
bill before us, is forty per cent.; making the tariff
on the one hundred yards of cloth ©80; thus raising
the price, in the hands of the importer, from $300
to $280. The Government tax being paid, the
cloth is now free from the custom-house; and the
importer can sell without the charge of smuggling.
He sells to the jobber for 10 per cent, advance. This
is 520 profit on the original cost of the goods, and
$8 profit on the tariff; making, together, the sum of
$28, and raising the clotn in the hands of the jobber
from $280 to $308. The jobber sells to the St.
Louis merchant, and charges him a profil of 20 per
cent. This makes $44 on the cost and previous
profit on cost, and $17 fiO on the tariff' and pre-
vious profit on the tariff; and raises the article, in
the hands of the Westein city merchant, from
$$308 to $369 60. The Western city merchant
sells to the country merchant, and charges a profit
of 30 per cent. This makes $79 20 on the ori-
ginal cost of the article, and the two previous
profits on the original cost; and the sum of $31
68 ets. on the tariff, and two previous profits on the
tariff; making the whole value of the article, in
the hands of the village or country merchant, $480
48 cts. The village or country merchant sells to the
consumers—to the farmers, mechanics, lawyers,
doctors, speculators, loafers, and negroes—and
charges an average profit of 50 per cent. This
profit makes #171 60 on the original cost ot'
the goods and three previous profits on the origi-
nal cost, and 868 61 on the tariff and three previous
profits on the tariff; and raises the value ofthe arti-
cle in the hands ofthe village or country merchant
from $480 48 to $720 42; the original cost—the
cost at the custom-house before the tariff is paid—
be it remembered, being but $200.
The cost of the or.e hundred yards ofclotli, then,
at the custom-housc, before the tariff is paid, is
#200. The importer pays the tariff, or tax—the
latter isthe right name. The cost to him, then, is
$280; to the jobber $308; to the Western city mer-
chant #369 60, to the village or country merchant
$1S0 48; and to the Western consumer $720 42;
being an excess over the original of #520 12. The
whole profit on the original cost paid by the con-
sumers would be $314 80; making the profits ex-
ceed the original cost $>114 80; and the whole profit
on the tariff' would be $125 92; making the profits
exceed the tariff $45 92. This is a profit_ of 157
per cent, on cost and on tariff; and this profit is the
cost of collecting revenue from the Westein con-
sumer of imported merchandise. 11' this be so,
then, beyond all question, 1 have suslained my po-
sition, that the system of imposts is the most expen-
sive, and, consequently, the most oppressive of all
systems ol taxation. I am either deranged on this
subject,or else the people of the West, and of other
parts of the Union, are unmindful of their inter-
ests, and have neglected to look at the operation of
the tariff on their interests in its true light. This
is the operation of the tariff in the West, in ref-
erence to a particular item. It is the same in prin-
ciple in reference to all other articles which are
taxed. It will only consume tune to notice others.
I have no doubt 1 shall be met here, by many, with
the answer that I have assumed profits higher than
are charged. It is not my wish to do so. I want
to present the case as it exists. None should be
afraid to look at the naked truth. To shut our
eyes against it, will not prevent its effect. Let us,
then, assume but half these profits. Everybody will
admit that half is greatly under the profits charged.
Let us give to the importer 5 per cent; to the jobber
10 per cent.; to the Western city merchant 15 per
cent.; to the village or country merchant 25 per
cenj.; and to the consumer the task ot paving all,—
and then see the result. Let us take the same
item, 100 yards of cloth, at $2 per yard; making
$200 cost, and $80 tariff. The 5 per cent profit to
the importer added on, would make the cost to the
jobber $210, and the tariff $84, the 10 per cent,
profit to the jobber would make the cost to the
Western city merchant $231, and the tariff 392 40;
the 15 per cent, to the Western city merchant
would make the cost to the village or countrv mer-
chant &2G6 60, and the tariff ^106 26; and the 25
per cent, to the village or cotlntry merchant, would
make the cost and profits oil cost 10 the consumer
$332 25, and the tariff and profits ontariff&132 82;
the profits on cost being #132 25; and the profits
on tariff being $52 82—being a profitof 66 per cent,
on the original cost of the cloth, and an expense of
66 per cent, for collecting the tax—an expense un-
heard of under any other system of taxation. But
everybody knows that tiiese profits are nothing like
the profits usually charged. The importer is known
to get his 10 percent., the jobber 20, the Western
city merchant 30, and the village or country mer-
chant 50, or nearly those sums. The exact sums
can be fixed by those who know the profits charged.
Let us now look at the more extended operation of
this system.
We have 17,000,000 of inhabitants. By this bill,
we propose to raise $27,000,000 of revenue. By
the hist enumeration, Missouri had 383,702 inhabit-
ants. With this population, out proportion of the
£27,000,000 of tai iff, if we pay in proportion only to
the balance of the Union, will be Sti09,212. The
profits on this amount of tariff, paid by Ihe people of
Missouri who consume the merchandise on which
the tariff is collecied, is $959,165. Added together, the
tariff and profits on the tariff paid in Missouri are
$•1,568,379. This would be a tax and profit, count-
ing men, women, and children ot all ages, nations,
and colors, of four dollars and nine cents per head.
Allowing an average of five persons for each fam-
ily, we .shall have 3,4CO.OOO families in the United
States, and 76,740 in the State of Missouri; and
the former number of tax-payers in the Union, and
the latter number in the State. This number will
make the average tax and profit on tax in Missouri
amount lo tvvenly three dollars and fortv-three
cents per head of a family; a tax exceeding the net
annual average income ot half the families in the
West, and of more than half the families in the
Union.
While the 373,702 inhabitants are paying ft 1,568,-
37!) of laiill' and profit on tariff, that 8600,232 of
this sum mav go into the treasury of the United
Slates, or, raiher, into the hands of the collectors,
the 5,000,000 of Western people are paying tariff
in the same proportion and ptofit on that tariff, it
will be reasonable to sav, equal to one-half the
profit paid ry Missouri. The tariff of the 5,000,000
ol Westein people will then be about $8,289,000.
If the profits on this amount equalled the profit
paid bv the people of Missouri on their portion of
the tariff, these profits would amount to about
$17,000,000. But let us set them down at one half;
and then the people of the West, will pay $16,000,-
000—being the tariff and profits united, that the
Government may get #8,000,000 of tax.
We should look at this subject calmly and with-
out prejudice, and without party leanings. We
should examine and investigate it closely and
thoroughly. We should look at it, stripped of its
mystery, and reduced to its nakedness; and, wheth-
er the picture be beautiful or deformity itself, our
interest and our prosperity as individuals, and as
a nation, requite lis to sift it thoroughly. But this
subject is much larger, its deformity much greater,
its ruinous influences much more extensive, when
we take a full view, I have given here far less
than half the picture; and what I shall yet say
will still leave it imperfect and unfinished.
I have yet taken no notice of the protected arti-
cles manufactured in our own country. By pro-
tcclf/1 article-., we mean such as are manulactured
in our own country, as well as in foreign coun-
tries, and which are taxed when imported into
our own country from foreign countries. Cot-
ton cloth, tor example, is a protected article. That
is manulactured in our own country, and is also
imported from other countries; and when so im-
poited, s taxed, and this tax is the protection to the
home manufacture. A yard of col ton cloth is
worth (Say) 20 cents at the door of the custom-
house. On this, our bill fixes a duty of 30
per cent. This 30 per cent, upon 20 cents—the
price of the cloth per yard—is 6 cents tax
per yatd. This 6 cen.s per yard the importer
must pay to the collector ot the customs before he
ventures to sell his goods, else he is indiclable for
smuggling. Then, this yard of cloth co-ts the im-
porter 26 cents before he can sell to the jobber.
The domestic ai tide, of exactly the same quality,
is worth no moiethan the imported article; but, as
the imported article cannot be sold for less than
26 cents per yard—the cost and tariff—so the de-
mesne at tide of equal value will also command
26 cents per yard, the cost and bounty—or pro-
tection, rl the" term be better. And, under this
state of 'he market, we pay the manufacturer (5
cents on every yard cf tot'on cloth manufactured
by him, ovei and above its actual value. If the
domestic article be reduced to 25 cents per yard,
and can supply the demand at that price, then the
