APPENDIX TO THifi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fftily, lgjia.
i7th Cong 3d Skss.
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr, J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
my constituents; but it cannot be helped. I be-
lieve the system of direct taxation the simplest,
cheapest, and safest, and decidedly the best. Bui I
believe my constituents are not with me on this point;
and I must represent their wishes, when they can
beascertained or reasonably calculated on." But
when the time arrives for the adoption of a system
of direct taxation,—as at present advised, if that
system be properly arranged, I shall cheerfully vote
for it; and it is right that 1 should say so. I have
no right to speak for anybody else; bat for myself,
- I have a right to speak. It is my duty to speak,
because I differ from my friends, and perhaps a
majority of my constituents. I would rather sink,
sustaining correct princip'es, than swim by advo-
cating errors. I cannot help believing the system
of direct taxation the best lor us.
We have seen the evils heaped upon us by the
indirect mode of taxation. We have seen it's un-
equal oper.'.tion, and its expensive and oppressive
character. We have seen the immense accumu-
lation of profits upon the tariff, all of which are
paid by the consumers. We have seen the ten-
dency of any tariff, and especially of a high pro-
tective tariff, to drive us to direa taxation. We
have seen that the system of diiect taxation would
relieve us from many of the burdens imposed on us
by the tariff. All this we have seen; but this
relief is remote, and we want immediate relief.
There are some remedies within our reach, and
we should begin to use them. They are simple,
and should be adopted at once.
One remedy for the Western people ic to import
their own goods, as far as possible, diiectly to the
Western cities. We ought to cut off'the profit to
the Eastern importer and to the jobber; and to re-
duce the profits of the Western cily merchant lo
that of'tlie jobber; and that of the village or country
merchant, to that of the Western city merchant.
Even this would leave us ten, twenty, and thirty
per cent.—enough, in all conscience, for any people
to pay; ten to the Western importer, twenty to the
city merchant, and thirty to the country merchant.
Even these ought to be reduced one half. They
might be. The merchandise being close at home,
our village and country merchants could invest and
sell, and reinvest and sell again, at very short pe-
riods. We should pay cash, and sell for cash.
Then there would be no losses, and the merchants
could live and thrive upon half the profits they
now contract for. The piaetice of charging sol-
vent persons double price, to make up losses; on in-
solvent persons, might then be abandoned. "By im-
porting our own goods, we should promote the
growth of our own cities. What the people of my
own State now contribute to the growth of Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baliimote, we should
then contribute to the growth, and improvement,
and wealth of our own rising and flourishing city.
So of all the other Western people, mid the other
Western cities. They wuuhl become better mar-
kets for our own Western produce; ami better
markets would enrich our citizens. Our citizens,
enriched, would be able to purchase more from
our merchants; and thus each class would promote
the interest of the other, and rill would prosper to-
gether. This remedy would save us a large
amount of the profits which _actiutiula.ta-.un.-uie
tariff' and on the cost of merchandise also.
In the West we should ask a mi iff as low as
possible, Let it be for revenue. We can pay
the tariff, if moderate, ami the profits on it;
and we have paid a tariff, when exorbitant, and
the profits on thai; but then it is wrong to grind
us too far into the earth. We are sore already.
You should tread lightly on our corns, and not
render our burdens insupportable, but begin "lo
unpack." Let the Government be administered
economically; and load us with no more revenue
than is necessary to pay her reasonable expenses.
Abolish expenses where they can be dispensed
with; and, where they cannot, retrench them if
they can bear retrenchment. Cut off all extrava-
gancies, whether in large matters or in small. Let
us not be afraid of mighty influence against
us, where large expenditures are involved. Let
us meet them and retrench. Let us not slur over
thestrong and the powerful, and strike deep into the
weak and the helpless. Let us not pass by the army
and the navy, and seize upon the clerks and the
pages. Let all fare alike. Let all be brought to a
standard to suit the times. Money has grown
scarce among up. It may be many years before it
is plentiful again The people cannot pay as they
have paid heretofore. We must come down. Ne-
cessity will force us; and we had better make a
virtue of necessity, and come at once where it must
eventually drive us. Reduce this bill. You will
get more revenue by it. Even then you will not
get enough. The people are too poor; they are
too much in debt; they cannot buy your taxed goods;
they must economize to get out of debt. Let us re-
trench. Then we shaU'want less revenue, ani the
Government will be better able to meet her debts.
But, in my own State we have another remedy,
and we should adopt it We should go for protect-
ing home industry. We have the power of making
a large portion of the necessaries of life within our-
se.ves, and we should exercise that power. We
should resolve to do so in self-defence. We should
do so, to prevent ourselves from being taxed to
death to support exacting neighbors. We should
keep our own wheels and our own looms in opera-
tion. We should give them especial protection
and encouragement. We should encourage our
other various manufactures. Our men, women,
and childien should work, ar.d keep at it busily and
steadily, and should husband well what they make;
and should live, as far as possible, within them-
selves, until a change in the policy of our Govern-
ment shall equalize its advantages, its burdens,
and its taxes.
In my own State, we should encourage manufac-
tures. 'No doubt we have the power to do so. We
have advanlagesover our Eastern neighbors. Our
fuel, water-power, house rent, provisions, and raw
material for some fabrics, can be obtained decided-
ly cheaper than theirs. Our manual labor is dearer.
But to make coarse cottons, for example, (an arti-
cle used extensively among us,) very little manual
labor is required. They are mostly made with ma-
chinery. For this, and other reasons, they can be
made as cheap in Massachusetts as in Great Brit-
ain; and fur this, and other reasons, they ought to
be made as cheap in Missouri as in Massachusetts.
The other reasons, in both cases, are the cheap
prices of all the ingredients, except manual labor.
This would cost us but little.
We should take back the lands. For the present,
this would be another remedy. The revenue de-
rived from them would go, to that extent; to dimin-
ish the burdens of a tariff. It would go much fur-
ther. it would save the people the payment of that
much revenue; and then all the profits paid upon
that amount of revenue. Suppose the land fund
lo be distributed be Sp'2,000,000: if we distribute
5)^3,000,000 of land revenue, the treasury will be
minus that sum m consequencp; and just as much
so as if we had distributed $2,000,000 of revenue
from imposts, To the clearness of this proposition
nobody will hesitate to assent, Of this sum, the
distributive share of Missouri would be 845,000;
and perhaps more—no matter what amount. Be-
fore you give this amount of land revenue to the
State, you must take it from the treasury of the
United Stales. In doing this, you create a vacancy
in your treasury exactly equal to $43,000, which
must be filled up from some other source. We have
but one source; and that is from the customs—from
imposts—from, taxes on imported goods. Every-
body can understand this. Let us trace the opera-
tion of this on Missouri. Forty-five thousand dol-
•*trrrs—are -fro- w-oollacXed_ from the customs, or im-
posts—or, in plainer language, taxes on imported
goods,—to supply her shaie ot the deficit in the rev-
enue created by the distribution ot the land fund.
This sum is paid at the custom-houses; and mostly
at those in New York and Philadelphia, where we
buy most of our merchandise. This forty-five
thousand dollar tax is paid in the outset by the im-
porter.
Let us now follow this sum, and the profits which
accumulate on it, until the tax, and all the profits
on the tax, are finally paid by the consumer. The
goods on which this tax is paid must pass through
the hands of the importer, the jobber, the "Western
city merchant, and the village or country mer-
chant, as in other cases. The importer sells to the
jobber, and gets 10 per cent, on the tariff which he
has paid. This raises the whole sum to 849,500.
The jobber sells to the St. Louis merchant, and he
gets 20 p>>r cent, upon the tariff and the profit
which he has paid the importer. This raises the
whole sum to ©59,400. The St. Louis merchant
sells to the village or country merchant, and
chargcs a profit of 30 per cent. This raises the
whole amount of tariff and profits on tariff to
$77,220, The village or confltiy merchant sells to
the people who consume, and charges 50 per cent,
profit. This, added to the tariff, and previous
profits on tariff, makes the $45,000 cost the consu-
mers $115,8301 The operation of the land bill,
then, on Missouri, is to give her $45,000 with one
hand, and to lake from her ®115,830 with the other.
Let us say nothing about the expense of collecting
and distributing: this out of the question, the pic-
ture is strong enough to startle any Western man
who can be induced to look at it in his sbber
senses, and made to understand it. We should take
back the lands, then. The revenue arising from
them would go, to their amount, to relieve the West-
ern people of the burdens imposed on them in col-
lecting the revenues for this Government.
Bui all these remedies will not give the West
complete relief. All these remedies will not place
the West on an rquality with other parts of the
Union. We shall not have a complete remedy,
nor shall we be placed on an equality in paying
taxes, till we have been driven to direct taxation,
and have exterminated ihe impost system. Then "we
shall pay clean taxes and equal taxes. Then we
shall know how much we pay, what we pay it for,
and what is done with what we pay. And this
will be a great advancement in our system of col-
lecting and disbursing revenue, and in reforming
ihe abuses and retrenching the expenses of this
Government.
[The following speech was made at the 2d ses-
sion of the 27th Congress, as will be seen by its
date; but it was not written out by the member and
delivered to us until after the Appendix for that
session was completed, which will account for its-
appearance in this volume.]
SPEECH OF MR. J. C. EDWARDS,
OP MISSOURI,
hi. the House of Representatives, July 20, 1842—
In relation to the territory in dispute between the
State of Missouri and the United States, and to
the true location of the boundary between Mis-
souri and Iowa.
Mr. EDWARDS addressed the Chair as follows:
Mr. Chairman: But one hour will be allowed me
to present my case. That is by no means enough;
and two would not be sufficient to investigate the
subject fully; but as much of it as can be, shall be
crowded into the time allowed me.
I am not ignorant of the fact that 1 commence the
discussion of this case with a majority of the House
prejudiced against Ihe claim of my State. I can,
therefore, anticipate the character of the decision
which will probably be given. You have heard
that side of the case against the claim of Missouri,
but you have heard nothing in favor of her claim;
and even now, under the operation of your rules,
you will let but half the case be presented before
you decide.
1 infer that you are prejudiced against our claim,
for several reasons. One report has been made
upon the subject by the authority of Iowa. This is,
of course, against the claim of Missouri. Another
has been made by a commissioner on the part of
the United States. This does not decide positively
against us, but its leanings and tendencies are
against us. The Committee on Territories, to
whom this matter has been referred, have twice re-
ported against our claim. During all this time,
you have heard nothing favorable to the claim of
Missouri. For thpse reasons, in part, I infer that
you are prejudiced against our claim.
But Iowa considers herself a party to this case.
Then her report is of no great value, and should
have but little weight. Your own commissioner
does not decide positively against us. He acled on
but a part of the case, and still had his doubts.
The two reports of the Committee on Territories
are by no means consistent—the one admitting
what the other denies, in several important mat-
ters. But you depend much upon your committees
—and, in the general, this is right and proper; but
your committees are not always right in their con-
clusions. They are by no means infallible. In
this case, they are clearly wrong.
You are a! party to this case. This is usually a
cause of prejudice; but I do not allude to the fact
here for that reason, but because I wish the fact
distinctly noticed that you are a party. If it be a
ground of prejudice, we are willing to waive that
ground, and to trust our ease to your decision; re-
serving to ourselves the right, of course, as is done
in all other cases of similar character, to apply tg
