loir, 1842.
gfTH GokS"..3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
parties. Congress can say, We will not admit you
ffitio the Union with that territory or those bound-
aries! but, after admitting a State, she cannot say,
You shall not have that territory or those bound-
aries. It is then too late. By the admission,
Congress sanctions ail.
If the, constitution altered the boundaries pre-
scribed by the act, Congress clearly had the right
to adopt the altered boundaries. A case has oc-
curred since the admission ot Missouii into the
Union, precisely in point. The State of Missouri
changed her constitution so as to alter one part of
her boundary, and Congress sanctioned this alter-
ation; and the boundary thus changed is now the
permanent boundary of the State. If the State, by
altering her constitution, and with the sanction of
Congress, could change her boundary recently;
sorely, by the adoption of her constitution, and with
the sanction of Congress, when she was just coming
into existence, she could change a mere direction
of Congress to adopt certain boundaries.
The "State of Florida" is now applying for ad-
mission into the Union. No act of Congtess has
been passed to authorize her to form a constitution
and State Government; and yet she has done so,and
isnow applyingfor admission. Surely no one can
doubt the power of Congress to admit ner. An act
of Congress authorizing the people of a Territory
fo form a constitution and a State Government, is
by no means a requisite indispensable preparatory
to the admission of a State into the Union. We
should act a silly part if we were to pass a law to
authorize Texas to form a constitution and State
Government, preparatory to her admission into the
Union; and yet, if she were to apply to-morrow,
with her present republican form of Government,
we should, beyond all dispute, have the power at
once to admit her. She has her existence as a
State, independent of the action of Congress; so
has Florida, and so had Missouri; and each of
these Governments became a State by virtue of its
own constitution, and not by virtue of any act of
Congress. Congress did not make them States.
They made themselves so. All Congress can do,
is to give her assent, or enter her dissent, to what
they have done, and to admit or reject them when
they apply for admission into the Union.
The act of Congress, then, of the Cth of March,
1820, does not prescribe the boundaries of the Slate
of Missouri. The constitution formed by the con-
vention the 19th day of July, 1820, and sanctioned
by Congress the 2d day of March, 1821, does pre-
scribe the boundaries of the State. Then, if the
first act of Congress prescribed one set of bounda-
ries, and the constitution of the State prescribes
another set of boundaries, the constitution controls
the boundaries, and not the art of Congress; and
the ambiguity in the constitution of the State is to
be explained, and not the ambiguity in the act of
Congress; and the witnesses to explain are the
members of the convention, and those connected
with the proceedings of the convention at the time
the constitution was adopted, and not the members
of Congress, and those connected with the proceed-
ings of Congress, at the time the act of Congress
was passed. Then we can proceed with our evi-
dence.
Let it be remembered that the northern bounda-
ry of Missouri was to run through a country 4hena_
wilderness, and but little known. The northern
boundary was to ran upon "the parallel of latitude
which passes through the rapids of the river Des
Moines." "The rapids of the river Des Moines"
is the ambiguous phrase in the constitution, as well
as in the act of Congress. To explain this, I
shall introduce the evidence of a number of the
surviving members of the convention which framed
the constitution, and of all who have been heard
from. I shall also introduce the evidence of
General William Milburn, who was at the time a
clerk in the surveyor general's office, and who
has been in the same office ever since, till very re-
cently; and who, during the latter part of the time,
has been surveyor general himself. I shall intro-
duce anurnber of witnesses, who, for respectability
and intelligence, and a mass of testimony, which,
for clearness and conclusiveness, have probably
not been equalled in any case before. I shall
show, first, that the convention supposed there were
rapids in the Des Moines; second, that they called
for rapids in the Des Moines; third, that there
are'rapids-,j  the Des Moines; fourth, the size
and ma||p§|e' of those rapids; fifth, that the
cohrentio#?® not call for rapids in the Mis-
Eippt river; sixth, that they did call fox th§ rspids
at the Great Bend in the Des Moines rivci; and,
seventh, that there are no rapids below the Great
Bend.
1. The convention believed there were rapids in
the river Des Moines. In 1816, fourvear; before the
State Government was formed, John C. Sullivan
ran ihe Indian boundary line. This line passed
within eight miles of the rapids in the Des Moines,
at the Great Bend in said river. John C. Sullivan
was there. He was a skilful, practical surveyor,
with a practised eye. He was afterwards a mem-
ber of the convention which formed the constitu-
tion of the State. Hellas now been dead several
years, lie was a man in whose statements the ut-
most reliance could be placed. Prom him and
others, the convention deiived information.
General Jonathan Ramsay, a member of the
convention, says: "1 well recollect having a con-
versation wilh John C. Sullivan on the subject of
the rapids in the Des Moines, not as [to] their be-
ing the rapids called for in the act of Congress,
(for of this there appeared to be no doubt.) but as
to their magnitude, and whether there was any
considerable fall at any one place."
The honorable James Evans, then a member of
the convention, and since a judge of one of our
circuit courts, says: "I distinctly recollect convers-
ing on that subject with General W. Rector and Col.
John C. Sullivan. The conclusion was, that the
rapids of the river Des Moines meant the rapids
in the river, and not those in the Mississippi."
The honorable Hiram H. Baber, then a mem-
ber of the convention, and for several of the last
years auditor of public accounts for our State,
says: "I have a distinct recollection that a map
was procured from the office of the surveyor gen-
eral for the use of the convention; but I do not re-
collect distinctly whether or not 'the rapids m the
river Des Moines,' or the 'Des Moines rapids'
in the Mississippi river, were marked upon it.
Prom conversations, however, with several mem-
bers of the convention, I incline to the belief that
the rapids in the river Des Moines were designated
upon it."
Another witness, General William Milburn,
says: "The northern boundary was drawn, accord-
ing to the general understanding at the time, a few
miles north of the Indian boundary."
The honorable John D. Cook, then a member of
the convention, and for many years since a judge
of one of our circuit com is, says. "In convention,
the subject of boundary was referred to a committee,
ofwhichlwasa member, and all the means ac-
cessible to that committee were employed for the
purpose of acquiring correct information on that
subject. The committee, and I.believe the mem-
bers of Ihe convention, had free access to the office
of General Rector, then surveyor general of Illi-
nois and Missouri, which afforded extensive infor-
mation. They likewise availed themselves of Ihe
opportunity of conversing with several gentlemen,
then m St. Louis, who had personal knowledge of
the existence and locality of several of the objects
called for in Ihe proposed boundaries, and especi-
cially of the rapids in the river Des Moines. The
information thus acquired left no doubt on my mind
as to the existence of such rapid* "
General William Milburn, then a clerk in the
office, but afterwards surveyor general himself,
says: ■'Tuavrt^ say that, at the time of the sitting
of the convention, I was employed as a clerk in the
United States surveyor's office for Illinois, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas. That General W. Rector,
then survevor general, was a member of that body,
from the county of St. Louis; and that a map was
constructed in the surveyor's office, under my su-
perintendence, by direction of thesurveyor general,
and, as I believe, either at the request of the con-
vention, or of ihe members, or a portion thereof,
in their individual and unofficial capacity. * * *
My recollection is distinct relative to the northern
boundary of the State, as delineated on the map.
* * * The position of the rapids was assumed
from the general understanding at the time, and
from the particular information of Colonel Sulli-
van, who was a member of the convention, and
was also the surveyor of the Indian boundary line
in 1816." , .
After examining this evidence, no man can hesi-
tate in believing that the convention which formed
the constitution of the State of Missouri did believe
there were rapids in the river Des Moines.
2. The convention called for rapids in the river
Des Moines, and not for rapids in the Mississippi
river, The evidence which \ shall produce to es«
tablish this point seems to me to be irresistible. Le
me commence with the testimony of the Hon. John
Scott. He says: "I am entirely sure that the rapids
spoken of in the bill, and intended by the commit-
tee, [in Congress,] were the rapids in1 the Des
Moines river itself, and not the rapids in the Mis-
sissippi river, called, from their proximity to the
mouth of the Des Moines river, the 'Des Moines
rapids.' I am aho satisfied that the committee who
reported, and the convention who formed and
adopted the State constitution, and who assembled on
the J2th June, and signed that instrument on the
19th of July, 1821, had reference, in forming the
northern line, to the rapids in-the Des Moines
river, and not those in the Mississippi river,
called the 'Des Moines rapids.' * * * I am
satisfied that the committee, and Congress, and the
convention, all meant and intended the rapids in
the river Des Moines itself, whirh were then
known to exist, and were spoken of; and not the
rapids in the Mississippi river, called, by way of
distinction from the upper rapids, the 'Des Moines
rapids.'"
Let it be borne in mind that the Hon. John Scott
was our Delegate in Congress when the act was
passed, and afterwards a member of the convention
which formed the State constitution.
The Hon. B. H. Reeves, (then a member of the
convention, and for several years afier a member
of our State Senate, but at the time of giving this
evidence, and still, a citizen of Kentucky) says: "X
am unable, thus hastily, to bring my mind to bear
upon any particular circumstance connected with
the location of thenorthern boundary, except so far
as relates to the rapids of the river Des Moines.
Those rapids, then and now, I considered to be the
rapids of the river Des Moines. * * * No dif-
ficulty ever presented itself to the convention on
the subject of those rapids, that I have any recol-
lection of. Indeed, I cannot conceive, at that day,
that any existed."
The Hon. H. H. Baber says: "I have always be-
lieved that the constitution clearly designated these
rapids as the rapids in the river Des Moines, and.
1 never heard this point questioned until within a.
few years."
The Hon. Jonathan Ramsay says: "So far as my
knowledge extends, no other rapids than those in
the river Des Moineswere ever thought of; certain,
no other was ever spoken of in the convention, nor
out of the convention, within my hearing. I well
recollect having a conversation wilh John C. Sul-
livan on the subject of the rapids of the Des
Moines."
The Hon. James Talbot, another member of the
convention, says: "My own distinct impressions
were, that it was the rapids in the Des Moines
river itself, and not those m any other river that
might be ol the same name."
The Hon. R. P. Clark, another member of the
convention, says: "In relation to the rapids of the
Des Moines, I can only say I heard of no other
rapids of that name mentioned, but those mentioned
in the constitution."
The Hon. James Evans says: "I distinctly recol-
lect conversing on that subject with General W.
Roetor and Colonel John C. Sullivan. The con-
versation was started by myself, as to the ex-
pression 'through the rapids of the river Des Moines.'
The conclusion was, that the rapids of the river
Des Moines meant the rapids in the river, and not
those in the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the
Des Moines. For the convention to have said the
Des Moines rapids, would ha'je left the question
vague and uncertain asto the rapids meant; because
the Des Moines rapids would as well have meant
the rapids in the Mississippi at the mouth, as those
in the river [Des Moines;] and to put the question
beyond the possibility of a doubt, the expression
used in the constitution, 'rapids of the river Des
Moines,' was intended for the rapids in the river
Des Moines. 1 have no doubt, from my recollec-
tion at this late period, that what I have stated was
the idea and intention of the whole convention. I
may have conversed with many others, besides
tiiose two gentlemen named, on this question; but I
am certain that this was mine and their views at
the time."
The honorable Edward Bates, who was then a
member of the convention, and afterwards a mem-
ber of Congress from the State of Missouri, says:
"In answer to the first point, I have to say, that,
while a member of the convention, (nor since,) I
never had a doubt that the rapids of the river Des
Meim, mentioned ia the act of Congress of 182$,
M
