%A2
APPENDIX TO TaE CONGRESSIONAL. Of .OH*.
July, J^9.
27t  Cong 3d
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
and in our constitution, meant.the rapids of and in
the river Des Moines, and of and in no other river
■whatever. And it is my confident belief, that every
member of the convention entertained the same
opinion. At that time there was much conjecture
aii4 inquiry about the precise locality of the rapids.
The country in that quarter was then a wilderness,
and very imperfectly Known." This witness says,
"the rapids of and, in the river Des Moines, and of
and in no other river whatever," were called for,
No evidence could be more positive or clear.
In reply to a letter of A. M. Lea, commissioner
on the part of the United States for ascertaining
and marking the boundary between Missouri and
Iowa, General William Milburn (who, as before
said, was not a member of the convention, but in
the office of the surveyor general) says: "In reply
to your letter asking me to give you the views en-
tertained and expressed by the members of the con-
vention at the time of the adoption of the constitu-
tion of Missouri, and of myself, as to what rapids
were meant by 'the rapids ol the river Des Moines,'
* * I have to inform you that, to the best of my
recollection, I never, at the time above named,
heard any other rapids spoken of, with reference
to our boundary, by any member of the convention,
than the rapids in the river Des Moines; which
rapids were understood to be at a short distance
north, of the Indian boundary run by Col. Sullivan
in 1816. This understanding was fisrmly fixed in
my mind by the following circumstances: General
William Rector, a member of the convention, was,
at the time, United States surveyor general for Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Arkansas; and, by his direc-
tion, a map of the State, intended particularly to
show the boundaries thereof, was constructed in the
surveyor's office, under my superintendence, for the
■use of the convention. On this map, the northern
boundary was drawn, in accordance with the gen-
eral understanding at the time, a, few miles north of
the Indian bov/nd'iry. I was with some of the mem-
bers of the convention every day while they were
in session, and often attended their deliberations;
and I am certain I did not hear a doubt as to the
accuracy of the location of the northern boundary,
as delineated on the map. Had there been any dif-
ferent understanding expressed at the time, it would
most undoubtedly have come to my knowledge.
This recollection of my understanding of the views
entertained and expressed by the members of the
convention as to the position of our northern bound-
ary, is fully corroborated by the continued and un-
interrupted action of the surveyor general's office,
with which I have been connected ever since the
adoption of the constitution. In none of the opera-
tions of said office has the line run by Sullivan
been represented as the State boundary; it has uni-
formly and invariably been treated and considered
as an Indian boundary; which would not have
been the case, had the convention thought differ-
ently; for it cannot be supposed that a matter of
this importance would have been overlooked or
forgotten. I am, therefore, satisfied and convinced
that I cannot possibly be mistaken. It is not with
me a vague recollection of a transaction with many
intervening and dormant years; but it is a matter
which has been constantly before me, m my con-
nexion with the surveyor sir
would seem incredible to suppose, after such testi-
mony as this, and from such a man, (and no one
stands higher for honor, integrity, and veracity,)
that any man could still hesitate to believe that the
noithern boundaiy called for "the rapids of the river
Des Moines" itself. But this is not all.
The honorable Jf hn D.Cook says: "In conven-
tion, the subject of boundary was referred to a
committee, oi which I was a member; and all the
means accessible toihat committee were employed
for the purpose of acqiuiing correct information
on the subject. * * The information thus ac-
quired, left no doubt in my mind of the existence
of such rapids; and I have no recodection of any
other rapids having been spoken of by any mem-
ber of the committee or of the convention. * *
It was certainly my understanding at the time,
and I Mieve it was that of the members of the
convention, that the rapids called for in the north-
ern boundary were rapids in the Des Moines
river."
It is clear beyond doubt, then, that the conven-
tion did call for rapids in the river Des Moines.
With testimony like this, in a couit of justice, a
jurv would not hesitate an instant to decide who
was entitled to the territory m dispute, and that
decision would be in favor of the claim of Missou-
ri. All we ask is such a decision as a court of
justice would give in the case.
Here the Chair announced the fact that the gen-
tleman's hour was out.
Mr. Edwards said that he was not half through
his case He had not even offered all his evi-
dence. He should appeal to the courtesy of the
House for permission to go on. The case was a
peculiar one. The House would certainly not un-
dertake to decide, without hearing the whole of it—
at least the whole of the evidence.
The Chair. The gentleman from Missouri
cannot proceed without the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr.Edwards. Nobody objects; then lean go on.
I will now show lhat there are rapids in the Des
Moines river itself.
[Here a member rose and objected to Mr. Ed-
wards proceeding. We had rules, and must ad-
here to them.]
The Chair. If objection be made, the gentleman
from Missouri can proceed no further.
Mr. Edwards asked if it would be in order to
offer an amendment to the bill"!
The Chair answered it would.
Mr. Edwards then offered the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert "That the parallel of latitude which passes
through the rapids of the Des Moines, at the Great
Bend in the said river, shall be the northern bound-
ary of the State of Missouri, from the point where
it intersects the middle of the main channel of the
Missouri river to the point where it intersects the
middle of the main channel of the Des Moines
river; and the said northern boundary line shall
run from thence, with the main channel of the
said river Des Moines, to the Mississippi river, as
provided in the «onstitution of Missouri."
Mr. Edwards. 1 claim the floor on this amend-
ment, and will now proceed with my case.
The Chair. The bill and amendment are, in
substance, the same; and the gentleman from
Missouri cannot proceed.
Mr. Edwards said they were not the same; that
they were totally different. The bill proposed to
make the Indian boundary, run by John C. Sulli-
van in 1816, the State boundary; the amendment
proposed to make the parallel of latitude which
runs through the rapids of the river Des Moines,
at the Great Bend, the boundary. They were to-
tally different.
The Chair looked upon them as the same thing,
and the gentleman from Missouri could not pro-
ceed.
Mr. Edwards. I think the Chair is wrong; and
that belief, and the importance of presenting my
case entire, force me to appeal from the decision.
The question was put, and the committee sus-
tained the Chair, and Mr. Edwards took his seat.
Mr. A. C. Dodge replied to the arguments of the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. McKay had an amendment which he wished
to submit, and to which he wished to call the atten-
tion of the Delegate from Iowa. His vote would
depend on whether the House would adopt it. He
.-mjjjd...observe that, so far as Iowa was concerned
in this conTruvcrfy, u-waytn• the power of She
House to fix the boundary line; but, with regard to
Missouri, the case was otherwise—it was not in
the power of Congiess to deprive her of any of
her territorial rights. The boundaries of Missouri
were fixed by law when she was a Territory; and
what these boundaries were, was a judicial ques-
tion for the United States courts to decide. The
proviso he wished to offer was, that this boundary
line should not be deemed conclusive till the Legis-
lature of Missouri declared the assent of the State
to it.
Mr. Edwards explained. The boundaries of
Missouri are fixed by her constitution. They can-
not be changed by a simple act of the Legislature,
It must be by a change of the constitution. To
make this change will iequirea vote of two-thirds
of each branch of the Legislature, at two succes-
sive sessions, and then the assent of Congress,
After some fuither remarks from Mr. McKay,
Mr. G. Davis add-essed the committee at length m
support of the claims of the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. Edwards again obtained the flo.or.
Mr. Chairman: When my hour expired, I had
just finished showing that the convention did call
for rapids in the Des Moines river. I shall now
proceed to the next point.
i 3. There are rapids in the river Des Moines.
This is the next point to be established; and this I
shall establish without reference to the testimony of
any one member of the convention. My first wit-
ness is Doctor James Davis, commissioner on the
part of Iowa herself to ascertain the boundary in
dispute. To his testimony Iowa will hardly ob-
ject, even if the United States should. He say's:
"I admit there are rapids in the Des Moines river."
Here is the very thing itself—dressed in the proper
language—neither a word too much, nor a wor.d
too little. This evidence is conclusive against
Iowa; but, as she has only a remote interest in the
territory in dispute, the House may not consider it ■
conclusive against the United States, one Qf the
real parties in this case. I will therefore iriWoduce
the evidence of other witnesses. Doctor James
Davis speaks of several rapids, and notices them
by name; but I have not time to refer to everything
at once. The point is, "there are rapids in the
Des Moines river," and the commissioner for Iowa
admits the truth of it. .
In 1838, A. M. Lea was appointed by the United
States to run the boundary in dispute. His evi-
dence will not be questioned even by the United
States. He is your own witness. Lieutenant Lea
says: "In ascending the Des Moines river from its
mouth, seveial shallow places, with swift currents,
are found below the 'Great Bend;' but there is no
obstruction of magnitude sufficient to deserve the
appellation of'rapids'below those at the place just
named," the Great Bend. There is at the Great
Bend, "at low water, a fall of one or two feet in
a distance of about eighty yards; and, in a part of
the width of the stream, the water falls perpendicu-
larly about ten or twelve inches." Here are two
important facts stated by your own wilness: 1st.
There is nothing which deserves "the appellation of
'rapids' below those at the Great Bend." 2d. There
are "obstructions of magnitude sufficients deserve
the appellation of 'rapids' at the Great Bend." Lieu-
tenant Lea says, also, "there are other rapids above
the Great Bend." This we admit. [See House
Doc. 128,3d sess. 25th Congress.] Lieutenant Lea
says: "the water falls perpendicularly about ten or
twelve inches." Then the fall is hardly less than
"two-feet in a distance of about eighty yards," the
length of the rapids. There was nodam here when
Lieutenant Lea examined the rapids, and he saw
them in their full extent.
Captain Guion surveyed the Des Moines in 1841,
under instructions from the Topographical Bureau.
He is another of your own officers and own wit-
nesses, and from whose report your committee has
drawn bountifully. He surveyed simply for the
purpose of ascertaining the obstructions to naviga-
tion, and not with reference to any particular rapids.
He says the obstructions in the Des Moines "con-
sist of slight rapids, termed by theboatmen 'ripples.'"
He marked twelve rapids. He says: "I was met
by a considerable flood of water in ascending;" and
he does not give the fall in any of the rapids, and
probably for this reason. But he states the import-
ant fact, that there are rapids in the river Des
Moines itself.
Lieutenant J. C. Fremont, another of your own
officers and witnesses, and one from whom your
committee has drawn information also, made a sur-
vey of the Des Moines in 1841. He says: "The
bed of the river is sand and gravel, and sometimes
rock, of which the rapids generally consist. «
* * The most considerable rapid above
the Great Bend is at the head of the island above
Keokuc's village." He speaks, also, of other rap-
ids. It is useless to refer to the evidence of officers
appointed on the part of the State of Missouri to
ascertain the true location of the Northern bounda-
ry. This evidence is sufficient to establish the
point that there are rapids in the Des Moines it-
self, without more, unless those who are to decide
the case are determined on not believing any-
thing.
In the first report of the Committee on Territo-
ries, made in 1H40, "the committee admits that the
name of the rapids, called for in the boundary ofthat
State, would indicate their situation to be in the
river Des Moines;" and they admit that "the two
first rapids in that river have each but a fall of about
two feet in about eighty yards."—[House Document
No. 2, 1st session 26th Congress.] This is an ad-
mission on the part of vour committee, that there
are rapids in the river Des Moines itself; and yet,
strange as it may appear, in the next report, made
in 1842, your committee says, in so many words,
"there are no rapids in the Des Moines."—Housq
Doc. No, 791, page 6,2d session 27th Copgress,
