Jttlf, 1848."
27th Cong 3d Sess.
Apmmtx fo tm congressional globe*
AHssowi Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. kdwardsT
m
is done. We strike the Des Moines rivt-r sevral
miles before we reach, the "rapids"—we run to the
middle of the channel of the main fork—we call
for this point—we then change oar direction, and
follow the middle of the main channel of the river
Des Moines, and we pass through the rapids at the
Great Bend in the Des Moines, and do not notice
them any more than we did the "mouth of the
Kansas" in running: the western boundary through
that; nor was it necessary to do so. But the com-
mittee insists that it is not sufficiently certaiD to say
we are going down the middle of the main channel
of the river Des Moines. We must say "we are
, passing through the rapids at the Great Bend "
This was surely unnecessary, if not worse than
useless.
I admit that, if the "mouth of the Kansas" had
been the terminating point of the western boundary
then the mouth of that river should have been call-
ed forin thedescnpiion of the western boundary. So,
if thenorthernboundary had run alongthe parallel of
latitude up to "the rapids of the river Des Moines,"
and had there changed its direction, then the "rap-
ids" should have been called for, also. In this case,
the description should have been in these words:
thence east from the point of intersection aforesaid,
along the said parallel of latitude, to "the middle of
the rapids of the river Des Moines;" and thence
down the middle of ihe main channel of the main
fork of said river, calling for none of the "ripples''
or "rapids" below. As the rapids are not called for
at the closing of the northern boundary on the Des
Moines river, it seems conclusive that the rapids at
the Great Bend are the rapids called for by the con-
vention. The line would have struck the rapids at
any other point as soon as it reached the river; but
not so at this point: and this is the only point where
it is not so.
But the rapids at the Great Bend are, no doubt,
the rapids called for by the constitution. But, under
the usual rule of construction, if we had no evi-
dence, we might be entitled to rapids much higher
up the Des Moines than those at the Great Bend.
When a line calls for a long or a large object as a
bearing point, without designating the particular
object called for, the line must be fixed in the cen-
tre of the object. When a line calls for several ob-
jects as a bearing point, the medium point between
t;hem is the true position for the line. When a line
calls for one of several objects, without designating
the particular object, the true position is on that ob-
ject nearest the centre of the several called for. Un-
der this rule, if our evidence does not show that we
are entitled to the rapids at the Great Bend, then we
are entitled to rapids still higher up.
7. There are no rapids below the Great Bend. I
have, in part, shown this in the preceding part of
my argument. There is a ripple ten miles below,
according to Captain Guion, and twelve, according
to Lieutenant Fiemont. The fall is "slight;" but
neither of them fixes it at anything—not so much as
five inches. There is a shoal with a "gravel bot-
tom," with an "inconsiderable" current, four miles
and a half lower down, according to Lieutenant
Fremont, and "forty miles above the mouth," ac-
cording to Captain Guion. Of couise this is no
"rapids"—having a gravelbottom,and butlittle cur-
rent. There are no others below the Great Bend.
Lieutenant Lea says "there is no obstruction of
magnitude sufficient to deserve the **** appellation
of'rapids'below those at the Great Bend." (See
his report, Doc. No. 128, 3d sess. 25th Cong., p. 6.)
These are.all your own witnesses, and you should
not discredit them. The evidence of Lieutenant
Lea, especially, is entitled to weight. He surveyed
with reference to this very question. The other
gentlemen did not. He was looking for rap-
ids. They were looking for obstructions to
navigation. You should credit Lieutenant Lea,
then, when he tells you there are no obstruc-
tions which deserve the name of rapids below the
Great Bend. The commissioners appointed by the
State of Missouri to examine the Des Moines riv-
er, report, also, that there are no rapids below the
Great Bend. The truth is, the two points below
the Great Bend, which the committee sometimes
dignify with the appellation of rapids, have really
a fall of but five or six inches in fifty or one hun-
dred yards; and of course are not rapids, and hardly
"ripples."
1 have now shown: 1st. That the act of Congress
of March 6, 1820, does not give boundaries to the
Stale of Missouri; 2d. That the constitution of the
State, sanctioned by the act of Congress of 2d
March, 1821, admitting Missouri into the Union,
H. of Reps.
e
does give boundaries to the State; 3d. That the
convention which adopted the State constitution be-
lieved there were rapids in the Des Moines river;
4th. That they called for rapids in the Des Moines
river; 5th. That there are rapids in the Des Moines
river; 6th. That the rapids at the Great Bend are of
considerable size and magnitude, and distinctly
marked, and the first in ascending the river; 7th.
That the convention did not call for rapids in the
Mississippi river; and 8th. That they did call for
rapids at the Great Bend, in the Des Moines
river.
If the first act of Congress were the controlling
instrument, and gave the boundaries to the State,
and not the constitution of the State, sanctioned by
the second act of Congress, still our evidence would
show us entitled to the boundary we claim, even
under the act of Congress. The evidence to ex
plain the ambiguity in the act of Congress, as well
as that in the constitution of the State, shows that
the rapids called for were in the river Des Moines
itself, andnot in the Mississippi river.
In reference to the ambiguity in the act of Con-
gress, 1 think I hazard but little in saying that there
is but one man now living who can testify with any
certainty. That man is the honorable John Scott,
who was the delegate from the Territory of Mis-
souri, and who was chairman of the committee;
and who drew up the act of Congress in which this
ambiguity is found. The ambiguous words are,
"the rapids of the river Des Moines." Were they
rapids in the Des Moines river, or were they rapids
in the Mississippi river1?
The honorable John Scott says:
"At the time the act of Gth of March, 1820, was
passed by Congress, authorizing the people of Mis-
souri to foim a constitution and State Government,
thegeneral geography was but little, and the topog-
raphy of that part of ihe State still less known. I
(who represented the country) knew so little, that I
had to rely on the information of others in regard
to the lines. I applied to several for information.
* * * * They all concurred that there
were rapids in the Des 'Moines river itself, some
sixty miles from the mouth. * * * * I
am entirely sure that the rapids spoken of in the
bill, and intended by the committee, were the rap-
ids in the Des Moines river itself, and not the rap-
ids in the Mississippi river, called, from their prox-
imity to the mouth of the Des Moines river, the
'Des Moines rapids.' "
This evidence is clear, unequivocal, and to the
point. - It explains the ambiguity in the act of Con-
gress, and fixes the meaning of that act beyond the
possibility of a doubt. It settles the point that, by
the expression "the rapids ofthe river Des Moines,"
Congress meant the rapids in the river Des Moines
itself, and not rapids in the Mississippi river. I de-
fy the introduction of any other witness to prove the
reverse of this. It cannot be done, because this is
true. The credibility, the respectability, and the
entire veracity of our witness, is unquestionable.
He speaks to the point, positively, unequivocally,
and conclusively. Then, with him who believes
the act of Congress gives boundaries to our State,
this settles the matter.
This would seem to close my case in reference
to the northern boundary; and I would leave that
botttrflary here, if some arguments of the committee
did not seem to require an answer.
The committee finds an ambiguity in the use of
the word "of." "The rapids 'of' the river Des
Moines." This phrase does not mean the rapids
"in" the river Des Moines, according to the com-
mittee, but means the "Des Moines rapids," in
the Mississippi river. In the general, too, it would
mean the rapids "in" the Des Moines river; but in
this particular case it does not. Yet, in their re-
port of 1840, "the committee admit thatthename
of the rapids, called for in the boundary of that State,
would indicate their situation to be 'in' the river
Des Moines."—Sec p. C of thai rejwit.
In the report of this session, the committee says,
"it is not 'a rapids in,'but'the rapids of the river
Des Moines,'which was thought worthy to he asso-
ciated with those other conspicuous and everlasting
monuments of divisional State lines." The "Des
Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river, were called
for;" then it follows that the "rapids of the river
Des Moines" are rapids in the Mississippi river.
"What a conspicuous and everlasting monument"
of sophistry and perversion of language! "The
Falls of the Ohio," the "Falls of the Potomac,"
"the Falls of the St. Peter's," "the Falls of the
Niagara," do not mean falls "in" those several .
rivers, as the committee would construe the lan-
guage. "The rapids of the Mississippi river" do
not mean rapids in that river. "Thence, dowu
along the middle 'of' the main channel 'of' the
the said river Des Moines, to the mouth of the
same,' does not mean "in" the Des Moines river,
according to our committee. To express this
meaning, the language should be: "thence, down
along the middle, 'in' the main channel,'in'the
Des Moines, to the mouth." This would have been
clear, but the phrase is very ambiguous as the
word "of" "was used; and, perhaps, the committee
would rather incline to the belief that "the middle
'of' the main channel 'of' the Des Moines," was
in the middle in the main channel in the Missis-
sippi river; but such perversion of language is
unbecoming grave legislators. They should loot
at things as they are, and meet the truth as it
comes, and pervert nothing. There is an ambi-
guity as to what "rapids of the river Des Moines"
weie meant. The convention did not know at the
time that there was more than one rapids in the
Des Moines; but there is no ambiguity as to the
river in which these rapids are to be found.
If the convention had used the expression "Des
Moines rapids," then there would have been an
ambiguity as to the river in which we were to
look for these rapids. The phrase "Des Moines
rapids," would readily indicate rapids in the river
Des Moines; and a stranger, knowing nothing of
ihe rapid1;, would look m that river to find them.
But the history of the country shows us that there
are rapids in the Mississippi river, called the "Des
Moines rapids;" because they are near the mouth
of Des Moines river, and to distinguish them from
the "Rock river rapids" in the Mississippi, near
the mouth of Rock river.
In this state of the case, a stranger might well
have hesitated whether to look for the rapids in
the Des Moines river or in the Mississippi river.
He would reason in this way: the "Des Moines
rapids" should be in the Des Moines river; but
there are "Des Moines rapids" in the Miisissippi
also; and yet if the convention had called for the
latter, to make the description certain, they should
have said the "Des Moines rapids" in the Missis-
sippi river. This would have been adding but
four words, and would have fixed the boundary
beyond all doubt on the rapids of the Mississippi.
But to have used the phrase "DesMoines rapids,"
and to have omitted the words "in the Mississippi
river," would have left the constitution ambiguous
as to the river called for, and have left the north
boundary floating between "the rapids of the river
Dps Moines," and "the rapids of the Mississippi
river." And in that case, the State of Missouri
might well have contended that the rapids were in
the Des Moines river. Then to say that the ex-
pression "the rapids of the river Des Moines"
means rapids in the Mississippi river, is "pre-
posterous and absurd."
In the report of 1840, the committee says- "A
boundary line, as stable and enduring as the Des
Moines rapids of the Mississippi, and as certain
as the operations of science, was preset ibed." See
page 7. In 1842, the committee says: "It was the
'Des Moines rapids,' in the great 'lather of waters,'
that Congress adopted and set forthuas. one of the
most prominent monuments in all the boundary of
Missouri." See page 11. Here the committee la-
bors under the mistake of supposing the first act of
Congress controlled the boundary, and not the con-
stitution of the State, sanctioned by the second act
of Congress, admitting the State into the Union.
Tliey overlook also the testimony of John Scott,
which is clear and conclusive on this point, and
would be so decided in any court of justice in the
Union, or the world. He was our Delegate. He
drew up the first act of Congress. He says he "ap-
plied to several for information;" that "they all
concurred that there were rapids in the river Des
Moines itself;" that "the rapids spoken of in the
bill, and intended by the committee, were the rapids
m the Des Moines river itself;" and that they did
not refer to "the rapids in the Mississippi river,
called, from their proximity to the mouth of the
Des Moines river, the Des Moines rapids." Here
is the naked truth in reference to the history of the
act of Congress; and I defy any man to bring a
particle of evidence to the contrary. Then, what
a perversion of truth to say that "it was the 'Des
Moines rapids,' in the great 'father of floods,' which
Congress adopted and set forth as one of the most
prominent monuments in all the boundaries of Mis-
souri!"
