APP&NDtt TO *THB COKGRE88IONAL GLOBE.
24f *
HJvie Cpyfl"-3p 8 ss.
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. ot Reps.
Misspiyi. prayed for a line on the parallel of lati-
UMjie jiagsiflg through ibe mouth of Rock rivtr.
"Stiejl they would have struck ihe Des Moines six-
ty or seventy miles above the mouth, if not more.
For want of information, it was impossible for them
to be entirely accurate; and they might still have
ffilgdi, to get an equal amount of territory on each
side of the Missouri river.
The expression "down the middle of the main
fork of the Des Moines" is used in the Constitu-
tion. "The main fork" was used to mean some-
thing. It must have been known there was no
forfe near the mouth. The hunters and trappers
hail no doubt been up the river some distance.
Sullivan and his party had not travelled up the
river, but had gone across the country from the In-
diaii boundary to the rapids. He may have be-
lieved another branch of the river put in at the
northern point of the Great Bend. But near the
mouth of the Des Moines it must have been well
known there was no fork; and the convention had
information, no doubt, that there was no fork with-
in any short distance of the mouth—certainly not
within the reach even of the upper end of the
"Des Moines rapids" of the Mississippi river. If
so, then the convention did not call for these rap-
ids, but for a point much higher up the Des Moines
river, and above the "fork" of that river, as they
supposed.
The committee, in the report of 1840, says: "It
is preposterous to suppose that Congress, after act-
ing with so much precision on all the other lines of
Missouri, should leave the northern one dancing
about between four or five unknown, nameless,
and inconsiderable rapids, over a breadth of fifty
miles of country, the extent of which was then un-
known."' "Unknown, nameless, and inconsidera-
ble rapids." They were " unknown;" and this is
the very reason why the precise rapids were not
designated. We have no evidence that the con-
vention knew of the existence of any more than
one rapids in the river Des Moines when the con-
stitution was formed, and the north boundary was
not intended to be left "dancing" between several
rapids; yet, unfortunately, such seems to have been
the case, from our recent surveys. But, as we claim
the lowest rapids in the river, it is not very im-
portant that we were ignorant of the existence of
any above them. The discovery of these addi-
tional rapids will hardly change our boundary,
and drive us from the Des Moines into the Mis-
sissippi, if we were entitled to rapids in the former
river originally.
The committee says, in the report of 1842, that
the people of Missouri Territory, in their petition
to be admitted into the Union, "indicate, generally,
to Congress, a boundary for their future Slate; and
they urge, both with good sense and force, its adop-
tion by Congress, on the ground that it would 'in-
clude all the country to the north and west to which
the Indian title had been extinguished;' and yet ibe
line to which Missouri now claims is considerably
to the north of what then formed the Indian ces-
sion." [See page 6.] We admit all this; and if it
be true that the people of the Territory thus peti-
tioned, then we offer this fact, and the fact that the
northern boundary of the Stale is not required to
correspond with the north Indian boundary, as an-
other evidence that this Indian boundary was.not
intended to be the State boundary. The convention,
I have no doubt, intended to make the meridian line
on which the western State boundary runs, and the
western Indian boundary line, correspond, so far as
to make them run upon the same track; because
the impression was, that they did run upon the same
track. I admit they failed to do so. If they had
intended the Indian'boundary north to he the State
boundary north, they would of course hnve required
these two lines to correspond also.^ But the con-
vention did not require these two lines to corres-
pond; and it is, therefore, clear that they did not
intend this Indian boundary to be the State boundary.
Then, where did they intend to put the State bound-
ary's Your committee says, the people of the Ter-
ritory petitioned for "all the -country to the north
and west to which the Indian title had been extin-
guished." If so, they would not themselves, by
their convention, have adopted a boundary south of
the old Indian boundary, including less territory
than they prayed for. By doing so, they would not
have "included all the country to the north and
west to which the Indian title had been extinguish-
ed." Then, the convention could not have intend-
ed to fix the northern boundary south of the old In-
dian boundary. If so, it follows that the State bound-
ary cannot call for the "Des Moines rapids," in the
Mississippi river; because, even the upper end of
these rapids are several miles south of the Indian
boundary. If the convention did not intend the In-
dian boundary to be the State boundary, (and this
they clearly did not intend,) and if the convention
did not intend to locate this boundaiy south of the
old Indian boundary, (and this, just as clearly, they
did not intend,) then it follows that they located the
State boundary north of the old Indian boundary.
I regret that I have not been able to see this peti-
tion to which your committee refers. A close ex-
amination of it might throw some additional light
on this subject. If I understand the committee cor-
rectly, they say the petitioners asked for all the
country "to which the Indian title had been extin-
guished;" but they do not say that the petitioners
ask for no more country than that "u  which the In-
dian title had been extinguished;" and yet they
leav^thc impression that the petitioners did ask for
no more, and that they acted "bo'.h with good sense
and force" In asking for no more. I have not been
able" to find this petition; and 1 regret that I have
not, because I have a memorial on this subject, of a
character very different from that petition; and a
memorial, too, from the highest authority in the
Territory. It is the memorial of the Legislature of
the Territory of Missouri, adopted at St. Louis, the
22d day of November, 1818, a little more than a
year before the act of Congress was passed to au-
thorize the people of the Territory to form a con-
stitution and State government; and this memorial
was referred to the select committee which draught-
ed said act of Congress, on the 8th day of Decem-
ber, 1819—but a little more than three months be-
fore said act of Congress was passed. It is hardly
probable that anything of a later date, on this sub-
ject, was presented to Congress. Now, this memo-
rial, in describing the boundaries prayed for by the
people of the Territory, says: "Thence, due north,
to a point due west of the MOUTH OF ROCK
RIVER; thence, due east, to the middle of the main
channel of the Mississippi, OPPOSITE THE
MOUTH OF ROCK RIVER." (See Executive
Papers, vol. 1, 1st sess. lGth Congress, doc. No. 4.
This memorial will be found as quoted, and at the
place referr-ed to.) The boundary here prayed for
is even north of the parallel of latitude running
through the rapids of the river Des Moines, at the
Great Bend in said river. It is clear, from this
memorial, that the wish and the general sense of
the people of the Territory was, that the northern
boundary of the State should be located north of the
old Indian boundary.
At that early day, when the country was hardly
known, and when the territory prayed for was
deemed of little or jno value, and when this Gov-
ernment was as anxious to foster the interests and
grant the prayers of Missouri as she is now to
countenance the demands and to aid the encroach-
ments and. to encourage the groundless pretensions
of'lowa, Congress would not have hesitated to grant
the territory which the people petitioned for. If 1
am asked why the act of Congress and the consti-
tution of the State did not call for the precise
boundaries prayed for in this memorial and cs-
pecially for the mouth of Rock river, I answer,
by giving the words of the honorable John Scott,
wfi5a'W3TTr«r &ur Delegate in Congress, and who
drew up the act of Congress, and who was also in
the convention which formed the constitution of the
State. He says that, at the time the act was passed,
he conversed with^several, who had some knowl-
edge of the country, about the boundaries; "and
they all concurred that it would be useless to em-
brace that part of the country that would lie be-
tween the river Des Moines and the Mississippi,
as it was a mere gore—a low willow bar between
the Mississippi and Des Moines river, as they said,
running nearly parallel for some sixty miles. (H.
Doc. 48, p. 8, 2d sess., 27th Congress.) For this
reason, the act of Congress did not call for the
mouth of Rock river, but stopped the northern
boundary at the rapids of the river Des Moines.
In adopting the constitution, the convention follow-
ed the act of Congress, by using the same lan-
guage in describing the boundaries. The bound-
ary prayed for in this memorial annihilates the
idea that the "Des Moines rapids," in the Missis-
sippi river, were called for to fix the parallel 01
latitude on which the northern boundary was to
run. If any object, not in the northern line itself,
had been called for to fix that line, it would, under
this memorial, have been the mouth of Rock river,
and not the rapids at the mouth of the Des Moines
river.
The committee have dragged into their report
the recent legislation of Congress, the'legislation of
Missouri, old and new Indian treaties, old and.
new maps and map-makers, and all other sorts of
rubbish conceivable. 1 have neither time nor in-
clination now to undertake the useless task of wa-
ding through all this trash.
The boundaries of Missouri were fixed by her
constitution. With this constitution fixing her
boundaries, Congress admitted the Stale into the
Union. By this admission, Congress sanctioned
the boundaries adopted by the State. As these
boundaries were fixed originally, so they reinain to
this day, except where they have been altered by
consent of both parties—the State and the United
States—in a legal and constitutional manner. By
a simple act, Congress can give her consent to alter
a boundary. Net so with the State of Missouri.
Her boundaries are part of her constitutional law.
They can be altered only as she alters her constitu-
tion, and in but one of two ways: 1st, by a conven-
tion; 2d, by a vote of two-thirds of each branch of
the Legislature at two successive sessions. This
has never been done except in one case, and that
case not in reference to the territory now in dispute.
The western boundary, on the north side of the
Missouri river, was so changed as to take the
Platte country into the State. This was done by
changing our constitution, and then getting an
act of Congress approving that change. Our bound-
aries, then, stand to this day just as they were fixed
originally, with the exception named.
It will be useless, then, to trouble the committee
by examining Indian treaties, the legislation of
Congress in forming land districts, the legislation of
Missouri in forming new counties, the action of
blundering treaty makers, or the maps of still more
blundering map-makers, who have never succeeded
m giving accurately even the boundaries of all our
counties, and even where they havebeen designated
by lange, township, and sectional lines; much less
the boundaries of the State, which we not only con-
cede, but contend, were never defined and run and
marked till recently. Blundering in legislating, in
treaty-making, and map-making, cannot alter our
constitutional boundaries. I shall pass over all
this rubbish, then, and devote my limited time to
more important matters.
The committee determines on the old Indian
boundary as the State boundary. This is not, and.
cannot be, the State boundary; because it is not a
parallel of latitude, and the State boundary is a
parallel of latitude. And further: it is not, and
cannot be, the State boundary; because the State
boundary is a parallel of latitude passing through
"the rapids of the river Des Moines;" and no paij
all el of latitude which touches any part ol the north
Indian boundary line can touch any "rapids of the
river Des Moines," or any part of the "Des Moines
rapids" in the Mississippi river. If the conven-
tion had intended the Indian boundary to be the
State boundary north, they would have said so, and
would have required the Indian boundary and the
State boundary to correspond. A failure to do so,
ic oonr.iusive evidence that they did not intend the
Indian boundary to be the State boundary on the
north. Besides, the Committee on Territories,ad-
mit in their reports both of 1840 and 1812, that the
Indian boundary line is not the State boundary
line. (See pages 8 and 11, H. Doc, 2, 1840; and
page 11, H. Doc. 791,1812.)
Let us next examine the western boundary. Xhis
is not without its difficulty, too; yet there is none
of a character very serious about it. The meridian
line on which the western boundary runs, is re-
quired to correspond with the Indian boundary.
The Indian boundary runs from a point on the
north bank of the Missouri river, opposite the
mouth of the Kansas river, one hundred miles
north. It is urged that this correspondence will
arrebtthe western boundary of the State at the end.
of the Indian boundary line, and that the northern
boundary must start eastward from this point. A his
is not so. The mistake originates m confounding
the correspondence required between the Indian
boundary and the meridian line, with a correspond-
ence between the Indian boundary and the western
boundary of the State. In this matter the com-
mittee and mvself, for once, agree.
I said it was not the Indian boundary and the
western boundary which were to correspond, bu
the Indian boundary and the meridian line on
which the western boundary runs. And this dis~
