,i7TH Comg«*«*3D SESS.
AWSKBtX fo TOT, ftOfrottftSfelffifrAL CAP'S!!*
The Tariff Hill—Mr. 3. H. H. Stuart. 
Wy. 184S:
H. of Reps.
tinction will be found important in settling this,
point. The difficulty in reference to the western
boundary is in these words: "making the said line
correspond with the Indian boundary line,' 1 Said
line." What line do these words refer to"*
In describing the boundaries, the words "said
line" are once used, and the words "Indian bound-
ary line" are once used; and the word "line" is
nowhere else used in the description, except where
it is qualified by the word "meridian," making m a
"meridian line." Of the correctness of this asser-
tion anybody will be convinced by an inspection of
the act of Congress, and of the first article of the
constitution of Miss'ouri. Let us begin to read at
the southwestern corner of the State. The bound-
ary runs "thence, from the point aforesaid, north,^
• along the said meridian line, to ihe intersection ot
the parallel of latitude which passes through the
rapids of the liver Des Moines, making the said
line correspond with the Indian boundary line."
"What line do the words "said line" refer to? They
must refer to some "line" mentioned in the pre-
ceding part of the law. If so, then they must refer
to the "meridian line passing; through the middle of
the mouth of the Kansas river, where the same
empties into the Missouri river." Of course they
do refer to this, because no other line is mentioned
in the law. However badly the description may be
expressed, if badly expressed, still the language
used is grammatical and accurate; and we must
take it as we find it, and construe it accordingly.
What is meant by making this "meridian line"
and the "Indian boundary line" correspond"! Are
they to begin together"! Are they to run on the
-same track"? Are they to terminate at the same
•point"? If so, they will never correspond, because
in neither of these particulars do they agree, and
never can.
To get the idea here to be conveyed, will require
a little attention from those who do not understand
the direction of the Missouri and the Kansas rivers.
To be short,the former runs southeast, and the lat-
ter northeast. The "meridian line" luns through
the middle of the month of the Kansas river. A
line from the "middle of the mouth of the Kansas
river," running north, would run diagonally across
the Missouri, and strike the bank of that river
above a point which would he opposite the middle
of the mouth of the Kansas river. The "Indian
boundary line" starts on the bank of the Missouri
river, oppostte the "middle of the mouth of the
Kansas river." The starting-point, then, of the
Indian boundary line, is below the point where our
"meridian line" strikes thenorth bank o ('the Missouri
river. In a stream as wide as the Missouri, this
difference may be one or two miles, or more, de-
pending upon the directions of the two rivers. But
there is a difference: no matter how great or how
little, it is a difference; and therefoie the two lines
do not correspond in starting together. Each line
runs due north, and therefore must be nearly pa-
rallel, and consequently they do not run together.
Then tliey d<> not correspond by running on the
same track. Nor do the two lines correspond by
terminating at the same point. The "Indian bound-
ary line" runs one hundred miles north, andjyoji.s._
The meridian line cannot b^ ewt rtitrrrr"IT funs to
the north pole, in defiance of either legislation or con-
struction. These lines, then, coiiespond neither in
beginning at the same point, in running on the
same track, nor in stopping at the same point. If
there be any correspondence, it is only m running
paiallel; an'd thus far they do almost correspond
But to make the western boundary correspond ex-
actly with the "Indian boundary line," it would
have to leave the "meridian line" in "the middle
of tlie mouth of the Kansas river," and run di-
rectly across the Missouri river to the opposite
bank, in a direction nearly northeast, till it struck
the beginning of the "Indian boundary line," and
from thence directly north with the "Indian bound-
ary line." No construction of the act of Congress,
or of the constitution of Missouri, can require this.
Then, there is no correspondence except in run-
ning virtually parallel; and therefore the starting-
point of the northern boundary is not affected by
the correspondence required between the Indian
boundary and the meridian line, on which the
western boundary is required to run.
The honorable gentleman from Iowa [Mr. A. C,
Dodge] has invoked the spirit of abolition against
us. This was useless and wrong. The two sub-
jects have no affinity. This question should be de-
cided upon its own merits. He says the people in
the disputed territory will neyer live in the State
of Missouri, "on account of their repugnance to
the institution of domestic slavery." This mayor
may not be so. In 1831, the Legislature of Mis-
souri asserted her claim to the disputed territory,
and memoralized Congress to have the boundary
run. The country in depute then belonged to the
Indians, and was not ceded to the United States till
1832, one year afterwards. The white settlements
commenced there after this time, and after i hey
knew that Missouri claimed the country; and or
course they settled there, determined, like good
citizens, to abide the result of the case. Many ol
them may have expected to be in Missouri as soon
as this case was determined. But admit that this
is not so. Admit that the people in the territory
are all -Abolitionists, if the gentleman prefers it.
Will this alter the law fixing the boundary of the
State"? Will this change the constitution of the
State, as sanctioned by the act of Congress admit-
ting the State intothe Union"! Surely not.
it change the facts of the case"! Surely not. Then
why invoke the spirit of abolition"! Let the case
be decided according to the law and the facts. You
will act wrong to dccide it otherwise.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
G. Davis] invokes the spirit of cupidity against us.
He says the lands belonging to the half-breed Sac
and Pox Indians are bounded on the north by an
extension of the northern boundary of Missouri to
the Mississippi river; and if the northern boundary
of the State is north of the old Indian boundary,
then the half-breeds will be entitled to more land.
The gentleman, although he has made two reports
upon this subject, seems yet to have wholly mis-
taken the nature of the question. It is not a ques-
tion of expediency, or of dollars and cents; it is a
question of law and of tact; and if you attempt to
cheat the Indians out of what they are entitled to,
by first cheating Missouri out of the boundary she
is entitled to, still you will fail to accomplish your
object. If you have bounded their lands by the
north boundary of Missouri, and not by the old In-
dian boundary, you cannot force them to take the
Indian boundary instead ol the State boundary,
merely by attemptingto put the Stateboundary where
legally it does not exist, and never can run. Sup-
pose you fix the northern boundaty of the State on
the Indian boundary, when it is not there: will that
cut the Indians out of their right to the true State
boundary, if they are entitled to the State bound-
ary"! Surely not. No court of justice would de-
cide so; and even if we make the magnanimous at-
tempt, we shall still fail to cheat the Indians out of
the boundary to which they are entitled. They will
hold the lands which you have vested in them, in
defiance of any subsequent legislation of yours.
But admitting that this Government could obtain
some lands by cheating the half-breeds: would that
be a ground for attempting to alter the constitu-
tional boundaries of Missouri"! Surely not; and
such an argument ought not to be urged or coun-
tenanced.
Both of these honorable gentlemen invoke the
spirit of prejudice against our claim. They urge
that Missouri is already a large State—a gteat
. S-ta|£^_S4ftt StMe^A^dniit all this. She has
fniilnTi sou anda TieaTTTiy CTTmme. She abounds
in Ihe richest minerals, and has the finest navigable
streams in the world. She has clear springs, and
rich groves, and healthy hills, and verdant valleys,
and the most beautiful prsyries on the face of the
earth. She hps a large territory, and a population
increasing with astonishing rapidity, and must, at
no distant day, be one of the first Stales in the
Union. She is not in debt.. Admit all this, and
that this flattering picture does not equal the reality;
and still this will not change our rights, or compen-
sate Missouri for the loss of port of her territory.
These things do not impair her claim. She is not
censurable for their existence. She cannot pre-
vent it. Missouri was created for a mighty em-
pire, and cannot fail to fulfil her destiny, if not op-
pressed too much by legislation. It let alone, her
citizens will work their way to wealth, to happi-
ness, to prosperity, and to greatness. But her ex-
tentand immense natural advantages do not change
her boundaries. They are now as iheystoodorigin-
ally; and must so remain, until they are altered,
with the consent, not only of this Government, but
ofthe State Government also. Then, not even the
spirit of prejudice should be invoked against us.
Give us a fair decision.
The honorable gentleman from Iowa charges us
with grasping for more territory. This is a mis-
take. We wouldjnot willingly encroach upon our
neighbor. We feel a deep interest in her welfare
and prosperity, and in her improvement and ad-
vancement to the dignity of a State, and of a mem-
ber ofthe Confederacy. But she has ample terri-
tory, and enough to spare for two more States.
Iowa is encroaching on us, and grasping part of
our territory; and the United States, like all tender
mothers, is taking sides with her infant child
against the older one, in sustaining her ground-
less pretensions. . This course is well enough with
children; but we are engaged in no child's play.
We are in earnest in asserting our rights. We'
do not ask for more territory. We claim that
which is already our own. To this we are enti-
tled. This we intend to have. We ask you to
examine our case impartially, if -you can. If you
cannot, as impaaially as you can. Do not charge
us with grasping what is not our own. The ter-
ritory we c'aim is our own. You will find it so,
when you examine the case. Weigh the law and
the facts of our case for yourselves, and then give
us such a decision, on the law and the facts, as
would be given in any court of justice. We ask
for nothing more; we "will submit to nothing
less.
[The following speech was made at the 2d ses-
sion of the 27th Congress, as will be seen by its
date; but it was not written out by the member and
delivered to us until after the Appendix for that
session was completed, which will account for its
appearance in this volume.]
SPEECH OB1 MR. A. H. H. STUART,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives, July 7, 1842—
On the bill "to provide revenue from imports, and
to change and modify existing laws imposingdu-
tieson imports, and for other purposes."
The bill being under consideration in Commit,
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. ALEXANDER H. H, STUART, of Vir-
ginia, rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: Nothing could be more gratify-
in? to my feelings than to witness the cairn and for-
bearing temper in which this debate has thus far
been conducted. Heretofore, the introduction of a
tariff bill, of any character, into the House of Rep-
resentatives, has been the signal for the display of
the most violent partisan feelings and narrow sec-
tional prejud'ees; but, upon this occasion, the dis-
cussion has been characterized by a spirit of cour-
tesy and liberality which, 1 am sure, the whole
country will join me in applauding as highly hon-
orable to the Representatives ol a free and enlight-
ened people. ^ .
In the few remarks which I propose to submit, I
shall endeavor to follow the good example of those
who have preceded me. I shall speak my own sen-
timents with all becoming frankness and candor;
but I trust I shall not so far forget the obligations
of decorum and parliamentary propriety as to assail
rudely the feelings, the motives, or the opinions of
those who are opposed to me. Fieedom of discus-
sion, and toleration of opinion, are two of the vital
principles of our Republican institutions; and I
will ever be among the last to disturb or destroy ei-
ther of them.
It seems to me, Mr." Chairman, that the bill now
under consideration, when its provisions and pur-
poses are rightly understood, admits ofbut little de-
bate. If I understand it correctly, it is simply a
revenue bill. It is not, in the ordinary acceptation
ofthe term, a bill for protection. It comes to us
under the auspices of the Committee of Ways and
Means. Its pmpose is to raise just so muchmoney
as will be necessary to defray the expenses of the
Government, administered with all practicable
economy; and, as subordinate to this primary con-
sideration, it proposes, incidentally, to afford pro-
tection to the great agricultural, manufacturing,
and commercial interests of ihe country. The
question of protection per se, as something substan-
tive and distinct from revenue, does notarise under
it; and I shall, therefore, not deem it necessary on
this occasion to discuss the merits of that policy.
In my opinion, that question is not likely soon to
arise; for I know no member of either House of
Congress who desires any protection to either of
the great interests of the country, beyond what will
be afforded by a well-adjusted revenue tariff. But
if there be any who go further, I wish to announce
distinctly, in the outset, that I am not one of them,
