July> 18,4,8 
APP1NDIX' tO TBE COttGR&SSfONAL GtOBfeS
251
27«H Cova. •• 3D SBS*..
The Tariff Bill—Mr. A. H. H. Stuart.
H. of Reps.
impost might be suppressed; but with regard to the
mass of them, he expresses the belief that the "pa-
triotism" of the people would "prefer its continu-
ance and application to ihe great purposes of pub-
lic education, roads, livers,canals, and such oilier
objects of public improvement as it may be thought
proper to add to the constitutional enumeration of
Federal powers."
Thus it will be perceived that Mr. Jefferson not
only recognised the right to protect domestic manu-
factures incidentally, by just discriminations; but
that he contended for the doctrine of protection
per se, as a distinct and substantive principle! And
to such an extent did he carry his devotion to it,
that when the wants of the Government no longer
required the money levied by imposts, he was un-
willing to reduce the tax, because it would with-
draw the necessary protection from American la-
bor; but sought, by an amendment of the constitu-
tion, new sources of expenditure, by which the sur-
plus should be absorbed!
But lest it might be supposed that this was a
me.re temporary policy which Mr. Jefferson pro-
posed to introduce, I will submitpne additional pas-
sage, extracted from his message of the Sfh.Novem-
ber, 1808, and then leave it to the. disciples of the
Jeffersonian school of politics to reconcile their op-
position to the system of protection with the sol-
emnly declared opinions of the great author of their
political ereed! In that message he says:
"The suspension of foreign commerce produced
by the injustice of the belligerent powers, and the
consequent losses and sacrifices of our citizens, are
subjects of just concern. The situation into which
we have thus been forced, has impelled us to apply
a portion of our industry and capital to internal
manufactures and improvements. The extent of
this conversion is dailv increasing, and little doubt
remains that the establishments formed and form-
ing will, under the auspices of cheaper materials
and subsistence, the freedom of labor from taxation
with us, and of protecting duties and prohibitions,
become permanent."
But will it be said that Mr. Jefferson changed
his opinions on this subject"? "Where is the evi-
dence of any such change"? I maintain that none
can be produced. On the contrary, we have the
most conclusive proof, in his letter to Benjamin
Austin, in 1816, that his opinions had become more
and more confirmed in- favor of the doctrines of
protection. Mr, Jefferson bad, in 1785, in his Notes
on Virginia, expressed some opinions adverse to
the policv of manufactures in this country. In
1816, when the subject of a protecting tariff was
about to come before Congress, his opinions were
much relied on by the opponents of that measure;
and Mr. Austin addressed a letter to him, informing
him of the fact, and asking an expression of his
sentiments. The following are extracts from Mr.
Jefferson's reply, dated 9th January, 1816:
"You tell me I am quoted by those who wish to
continue our dependence on England for manufac-
tures. There was a time when I might have been
so quo'ed with more candor. But wfthm the thirty
years which have since elapsed, how are circum-
stances changed ! We were then in peace; our in-
dependent place among nations was acknowledged.
A commerce which offered the raw matexial in
exchange for the same material after receiving
the last touch of industry, was worthy of welcome
to all nations. It was expected that those, especial-
ly to whom manufacturing industry was impor-
tant, would cherish the friendship of such cus-
tomers by every favor, and particularly cultivate
their peace by every act of justice and friendship.
Under this prospect the question seemed legitimate,
whether, with such an immensity ol unimproved
land, courting the hand of husbandry, the indu=ti v
of agriculture or that of manufactures would add
most to the national wealth. * * * *
"This was the state of things in 17?™, when the
Notes on Virginia were first published; when the
ocean being open to all nations, and their common
right in it acknowledged and exercised under reg-
ulations sanctioned by the assent and usage of all,
it was thought that the doubt might claim some con-
sideration. We have since experienced what we
did not then believe—that there exist both profli-
gacy and power enough to exclude us from the
field of interchange with other nations; that, to be
independent foi the comforts of life, we  t fab.
ricate them ourse'ves. "VVe must now place the
manufacturer by the side of the agriculturist, ine
former question is suppressed, or rather assumes a
new form: the grand inquiry now is, shall we
make our own comforts, or go without them, at the
will of a foreign nation"? He, therefore, who is
now against domestic manufacture, must be for
reducing us either to a dependence on that for-
eign nation, or to be clothed in skms, and to live
like wild beasts in dens and caverns. I am proud
to say I am not one of these. Experience has
taught me that manufactures are now as necessary
to our independence as to our comfort; and if those
who quote me as of a different opinion will keep
pace with me in purchasing nothing foreign, where
an equivalents domestic fabric can be obtained,
without any regard to difference of price, it will not
be our fault il we do not have a supply at home
equal to our demand,and wrest that weapon of dts-
tiess Irom the band which has so long wanionly
violated it."
Who now will venture to doubt that Mr. Jefferson
was an advocate ot the doctrine of protection, to
the fullest extent'?
I have thought-it incumbent on me, as a Vir-
ginian^togive this lull exposition of the true opin-
jons'o'f Mr. Jefferson, because I have reason to
know that they have been much misunderstood and
misrepresented, even in his own State.
The sentiments ot Mr. Madison, the father of
the Constitution, and its wisest expounder, have
been so frequently expressed m favor of the prin-
ciple of protection, and are so well known to the
country, that I do not think it necessary to furnish
any extracts from his messages recommending the
subject to the favorable consideration of Congress.
In his latter years, when he had retired from the
political arena, and wasfree from all the distracting
interests of public life, he had occasion to review
the whole subject, and he embodied his matured
opinions in two letters, addressed to Mr. Jos. C.
Cabell of Virginia—onedafed 18th September, 1828,
and the other 30th October, J82S—which contained
paolrably the most clear and conclusive argument
in favor of the power of Congress over the subject
that has ever been submitted to the public.
Mr.Monroe and Mr, Adams adopted, both theo-
retically and practically, the same construction of
the Constitution, and recommended and sanciioned
legislative acts to give effect to the principle of
protection in the tariffs of 1816, 1824, and 1828.
These sentiments, thus avowed and urged upon
Congress by all the incumbents of the executive
chair, have been promptly responded to, in every
case, by the legislative department of the Govern-
ment; and the judicial sanction has also been af-
foided, in every form in which the question has
been presented to the tribunals of the country for
adjudication.
Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Lowndes, General Jackson,
Mr. Van Buren, and almost every distinguished
politician of every party, have recorded their voles
m favor of the principle; and in 1816 it found
upon the floor of Congress no champion more able,
more ardent, more devoted, than Mr. Calhoun, as
v. ill plainly appear fiom the following extracts from
his speech in 1816:
"Neither agiiculture, manufactures, nor com-
merce (said Mr. Calhoun,) taken separately, are
the cause of wealth; it flows fiom (hem combined,
and cannot exist wiihotu cach. Ihe wealtli ot
any single^pation or individual, it is true, may
~rrot-i-mre*e<mtte!y be derived from the three; but it
always pre-supposes the existence of the three
sources, though derived immediately from one or
two ot thenTonly. Taken in its most enlarged
sense,, without commerce, industry would have no
stimulus; without manufactures, it would be with-
out the means of production; and without agricul-
ture, neither of the oihers could exist; when separ-
ated entirely, and permanently, they must perish.
War, in this country, produces, to a great extent,
that separation; and hence the great embarrassment
that follows in its train. The failure of the wealih
and resources of the nation necessarily involves the
ruin of its finances and its currency. It is admit-
ted, by the most strenuous advocates on the other
side, than no country ought to be dependent
on another for its means of defence; that, at
least, our musket and bayonet, our cannon and
ball,'ought to be domestic manufacture. But what
is more necessary in the defence of a country thtin
its currency and finance"? Circumscribed as our
country is, can these stand the shock of war"? Be-
hold Ihe effect of the late war upon them! Wheu
our manufactures are grown to a certain perfec-
tion, as they soon will, under the fostering care
of Government, we will no longer experience those
evils, The farmer will find a ready market for
his surplus produce, and, what is of almost equal
consequence, a certain and cheap supply of all his
wants. His prosperity will diffuse itself to every
class of the community."
Having described the effect of war upon our in-
dustry and. currency, its obstruction to the exporta-
tion of our bulky articles, while a demand would
continue for foreign articles, to be supplied through
the policy of the enemy or unlawful traffic, result-
ing in a drain of our specie to pay the balance per-
petually accumulating against us, he proceeded to
say:
"To this distressing state of things there are two
remedies, and only two- one in our power imme-
diately, the other requiring much time and exer-
tion; but both constituting, in his opinion, the es-
sential policy of this country. He meant the navy
and domestic manufactures. By the former, we
could open the way to our markets; by the lStter,
we bring them from beyond the ocean, and natu-
ralize them m our own soil."
Having spoken of the effect of the war in giving
existence to manufactures, and in bringing them
.them to some degree of maturity, he said:
"But it will no doubt be said, if they are so far
established, and if the situation of the country is
favorable to their growth, where is the necessity of
affording them protection"? It is to put them be-
yond the reach of contingency."
There is but one other authority to which I wil'
refer as sustaining the constitutionality of the pro-
tective principle, and I will then pass to the con-
sideration of another branch of the subject. I al-
lude to the message of President Jackson to Con-
gress, on the 7th December, 1830. In that paper
the whole argument is condensed inlo the narrow-
est possible limits, and presented with a force that
cannot be resisted. He says:
"The power to impose duties on imports origin-
ally belonged lo the several States. The right to
adjust these duties, with a view k> the encourage-
ment of domestic branches of industry, is so com-
pletely incidental to that power, that it is difficult to
suppose the existence of the one without the other.
The States have delegated their whole authority
over imports to the General Government, without
limitation or restriction, saving the, very incon-
siderable reservation relating to their inspection
laws. This authority having thus entirely passed
from the States, the right to exercise it for the pur-
pose of protection does not exist in them; and, con-
sequently, if it be not possessed by the General Gov-
ernment, it must be extinct. Our political system
would thus present the anomaly of a people stripped
of the right to foster their own industry, and to
counteract the most selfish and destructive policy
which might be adopted by foreign nations. This,
surely, cannot be the case. This indispensable
power, thus surrendered by the States, must be
within the scope of the authority on the subject ex-
pressly delegated to Congress. In this conclusion
I am'confirmed, as well by the opinions of Presi-
dents Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and Mon-
roe, whu have each repeatedly recommended the
exercise ot this right under the Constitution, as by
the unitorm piac.tiec of Congress, the continued
acquiescence of the States, and the general under-.
standing of the people."
With this review of theopinions of the Fathers
of the Republic, and of the reasons upon which
they arc founded, I leave it for the committee and
the country to decide whether I am departing from
the true principles of the Constiiution, in giving
my support to a measure intended primarily to
raise revenue forihe Government, and incidentally
lo afford protection to American industry.
I will proceed now, Mr. Chairman, to meet some
of the more prominent objections to the exercise of
the protective power, drawn from considerations
of expediency.
Many gentlemen have treated this subject as if
it were a mere sectional question—a struggle be-
tween the Noith and the South. For my part, I
look upon it in a very different aspect. I regard it
as a national question—an American question—
one which belongs to die whole country. It is true,
that there may be partial and temporary inequali-
ties resulting from the operation of laws like that
now before us, as there will be from all human
laws. But thev « ill be but temporary in their dil-
lation. The country will soon accommodate itself
to the new condition of affairs; and thegeneral ben-
efits will greatly outweigh the partial evils. In my
