m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
27th ConS""3d Sess.
July, 1842.
The Tariff Bill—Mr. A. TI. H. Stuart.
H. of Reps.
opinion, it will be found, if we take a comprehen-
sive and statesmanlike view of our whole Confed-
eracy, that there is, in truth, no necessary conflict
of interest between the North and the South, or the
East and the West. The very diversities of soil,
of climate, of population, and of production, which,
at the first view, might be supposed to create antago-
nist interests, are, when rightly considered, the
most fruitful sources of strength, and union, and
harmony. Providence seems to have wisely or-
dained that, as we are separated by the broad-At-
lantic from the eastern hemisphere, we should have
all the elements of national greatness and wealth,
and power, within our own borders. We have a
climate and a soil adapted to every constitution, to
every production, and to eveiy occupation. We
have all the elements of national prosperity, vegeta-
ble and mineral, in the greatest abundance; and all
that is necessary for their full development, is a
liberal and enlightened system of legislation. Who
can unroll the map of this great Coniederacy, and
cast his eye over its extended surtace, without feel-
ing emotions of pleasure and of pride, mingled with
sentiments of gratitude to the great Disposer of
Events, for the magnificent inheriiance which he
has been pleased to bestow upon us] Let him,
then, contemplate, for a moment, thesepaiate and
distinctive characteristics impressed upon each ge-
ographical division by the hand of the Creator
himself^ and how will these scniiments be strengdi-
ened and invigorated! Then let him reflect upon
the mutual relations and dependence of each divi-
sion upon the other, and of the capacity of each to
minister to the wants of the others; and how pro-
foundly must he'be penetrated with a sense of the
wisdom and the beneficence of Him "whose hands
prepared the dry land !"
If we look to the extreme South, we find abroad
belt of territory, stretching from the Gulf of Mex-
ico to the Rocky Mountains; vhich, whilst H yields
its rich tributes of sugar and oilier productions of a
tropical climate, to supply the wants of mote north-
ern regions, furnishes to them m return a market
for their cotton, and breadstufls, and live stock,
and manufactures of every description.
Advancing a step northward, the broad fields of
the cotton region are spread before out eyes. Here
we see the planter busily employed supplying the
wants of ilie sugar country, and llnxgrain-grow-
ing, and grazing, and manufactunng districts, by
producing the raw material; which, when worked
lip into the various fabiics, is to furnish them the
means of comfort and luxury. In rcinrri, he re-
ceives from those districts his sugar, his provis-
ions of all descriptions, and the manufactures whieli
are essential to his enjoyment.
Progressing yet another step towards the north,
we behold the unlimited resources of the middle
country and great West—Ihe grain-growing and
grazing region—whose flocks and herds spread
over a thousand hills; and whose fields, surpassing
Egypt in fertility, can produce an amount of bread-
stuffs, and of the oiher necessaries of life, which
knows no limit but the absence of all furlhcr de-
mand. Bui ihe farmers and the graziers must he
furnished with their sugai, their molassesj.their
cotton, and their manufactures"tififT ffierclianilisc;
and where can they look so naturally for their sup-
plies as to those parts of (In* country which con-
sume their wheat and corn, and pork and beef"!
When we turn our eyes to the extieme north, we
find a country wiih a less genial climate, and a soil
whose comparative sterility discourages the labor
of the husbandman. But even this less favored re-
gion possesses its peculiar advantages. Ii is blessed
with a population hardy, industiiutis, intel 1 isent,
and adventurous. Its wealth consists in the labor
of its citizens; and hence they are tound to be de-
voted to manufactures, to commerce, and to the sea:
and, whilst they derive iheir supplies mainly from
the more southern divisions of the Union, they re-
pay them with the products of their manufactories
and their fisheries, and by merchandise imported
trom foreign markets.
These diversities of climate, and soil, and popula-
tion, necessarily produce diversities of production
and occupation among the inhabitants of the various
districts. Through them, the Supreme Ruler has
ordained that there shall be a natural division of
labor. The laws of nature forbid that the great
staples of one district should be produced in another.
Thus, there is no danger of rivalry springing up
between them; on the contrary, the iwants of one
are supplied out of the abundance of the others. A
pxutual interchange of superfluities naturally^takes
place, and thus a commercial intercourse is gener-
ated, beneficial to all; and, as if it bad been the-de-
sign of Heaven to facilitate this profitable exchange
ot commodities, we see the Father of Rivers—
commencing his course near the northern boundary
of the Union, flowing thence nearly due south,
through the heart of all the giand divisions, to the
Gulf of Mexico—bisecting this vast continent, and
furnishing a channel of commercial intercourse be-
tween the various districts unequalled upon the
face of the globe in extent and excellence, and
binding them all together by ties of interest as
broad, as deep, and as strong, as the current with
which his mighty volume oi waters rolls onwaid
to the ocean!
When we undertake to legislate for a country like
this, we should look at it as a whole, and not con-
fine our views to mere local or sectional interests.
We should indulge a catholic spirit—a spirit of en-
larged patriotism, which can embrace m its gt^isp
the whole Confederacy, from the Sl Lawrence to
the Sabine. We should look at the great interests
of the nation, not as something separate and dis-
tinct from each other, but as constituting parts of a
grand system, intimately connected together, wisely
fitted to e3ch other, and, when properly biought in-
to action, working harmoniously together, and mu-
tually giving and receiving nutriment and support.
When I have suffered myself to be lost in the
contemplation of the wide extent of our confede-
racy. vvith its members reaching fiom the Atlantic
to the Rocky mountains—wiih its liversand lakes,
and canals and railroads, and other channels of in-
ternal communication, penetrating into every part
of it,—I have almost imagined it to be some vast an-
imal organization, who-e life blood, supplied by ag-
riculture and manufactures, is thrown out from the
gieat centre of the system in New York, and
transmitted through the various arteries of com-
mercial intercourse, diffusing health, and vigor,
and vitality to its remotest extremities! Let us,
then, hear no more, Mr. Chairman, of local inter-
ests upon this subject; let us remember that the
prosperity of the nation is made up of the pros-
perity of its parts. Let us recollect that the coiton-
grower is interested in the manufactures of the
North, and that the manufacturer of the North is
interested in the growth of cotton in the South;
and that the prosperity of both is, in turn, inti-
mately connected with the welfare of the grain-
growing and sugar districts. For of what use is
it to either distnct to have a large surplus of its
products, if the other districts have nothin? to
give in exchange for it? Of what avail is it to
have merchandise, if there is no market for it1
But if gentlemen, discarding these enlarced and
American views ot the subject, will insist upon
treating this question as a sectional one, however
unwilling 1 may be so to i egai d it, 1 shall not shrink
Irom the discussion of it in that aspect. I must be
pardoned, however, if, before I enter upon the ar-
gument, 1 require that the proper parties to the con-
troversy shall be presented to the country, f can-
not consent that this shall be treated as a question
between Massachusetts and South Carolina; nor
between New England and the extreme South; nor
V«t Wwe-Mi.-Oui, maauXacuii.ei.S and the cotton-
giowers. I insist that if there is to "be a sectional
division, the middle country and the West—the
grain-growing and grazing and tobacco districts—
shall have their appropriate position assigned to
them. I have the honor to represent a district situ-
ated in the heart of Virginia, which has a deep in-
terest in this question; and I claim that it shall be
heard by its Representative, before judgment is pro-
nounced.
What, then, is the natural position of my district
in regard to this question'! This inquiry will be
best answeied by asceitaining the amount and
character of its productions; and I have accord-
ingly prepared, from the ofiicial returns, ihe fol-
lowing tabular statement of the principal staples
which are cultivated by my constituents
Statistical Tabic exhibiting some of the products of
ihe V>lh Congieswonol Distnct of Virginia
Counties.
Wheat
Com.
Rye.
Oats
Tobacco
Augusta •
321 33v
3G4.40P
92,C27
214 &?9
Rockbridge
263,750
504 64 G
69.56b
249,'ilS
2' 3 755
Bo'etourt
107,282
298,707
21.971
1P5,0'6
707 8*5
Iioanoke -
110.500
1S1,534
13,o'3G
9^,24(5
599,273
Montgomery
106,2.-8
208 8P5
2I,09'«
144,363
211.975
Floyd
2?,SS9
72,^159
13.435
77,'173
17.579
Alleghany
25,449
70 S2d
9.142
5^ ^60
42.500
Hulfof Pulaski -
23 0J9
72,018
8,470
40,'.>85
-
Total
1,104,521
1,793,893
249,410
1,097,552
1,902,267
Table continued—
Horses]
Counties.
and
Neat
Sheep
Hogs
Cast
Bar
Mules.
Cattle
Iron.
Iron
Augusta -
9 910
21,479
19,660
32.445
1,000
m
Rockbridge
5433
13,452
19,821
26 321
1217
410
Botetouu -
3 711
9231
13 254
2 .4K
1,441
Roanoke -
2,163
5 337
6 087
10 631
Momeomery
2 869
9 635
13 439
16,&34
Fiojcl
m
2 6C6
3,647
4 578
Alleghany
1 53!
6,355
S 4'S
12 555
70(1
«60
Ilalf of Pulaski
987
3 400
4,826
5,876
Total
27,458
71,635
89,152
129 748
4,358
936
From this table it clearly appears, that though
my constituents cultivate tobacco to some (xtent,
their great staples are wheat, rye, Indian corn, oats,
hogs, neat cattle, sheep, horses, and mules. These
are the principal articles which they raise for mar-
ket. They are, therefore, interested in obtaining
for these articles the highest possible price. How
is this to be effected"? It is a well-settled principle,
that it is the relation between the supply and the
demand which regulates the price of every article.
If the demand be large, and the supply small, the
price will lie high; and, on the other hand, if the
demand be small, and the supply large, the price
will be low. No one will ventuie to dispute these
propositions. Let us now give them a practical
application. My constituents are interested in hav-
ing the demand for their commodities as great as
possible—or, to state the proposition, in another
lorm, they ate interested in having as many con-
sumers and as few producers of their staples as
possible. How is this effected'! Obviously, by in-
ducing the people of the North, who are engaged
in the same occupation, to turn their attention to
other branches ot business, such as manufactures,
commerce, and navigation; for thereby we not
only get rid of their competition as producers, but
we gain them as customers, to buy and consume
our productions. This simple view of the case
shows very clearly where our interest lies.
Now, let us look for a moment at the interest of
the cotton planting States, and see how far it coin-
cides with that of Western Virginia. From the
statistical tables furnished to us from the Depart-
ment of State, I find that my district alone pro-
duces consideiably more wheat than the whole
Stale of South Carolina, and within a fraction of as
much as the four States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Arkansas taken together. The
following table shows the whole amount produced
in each of those States:
South Catolina"
Alabama
Mississippi -
Louisiana
Arkansas
- 968,000 bushels of wheat.
- 828,052 do
- l!Ki,tj'2t> do
60 d o
- 105,878 do
Whole'amount of the
four last named - 1,130,0X6
These States, it is apparent, are obliged to buy
their supplies of breadstufls; and we know that
they are also dependent on the AVestern and Mid-
dle' Rtntca for their beef and pork, and horses and
mules, and various other articles, which cannot
well he raised in the southern country. As the
cotton-planter is compelled to purchase these ar-
ticles, he is of course mterested to get them as low
as possible. He, therefore, will wish to see as large
a supply, and as small a demand for them, as possi-
ble—or, in other words, it is his interest to have as
many ptoducers and as few consumers as he can.
He will naturally wish, therefore, to see the manu-
factories broken down, and the population of the
North devoted to agricultural pursuits, so as to come
into competition with us, and bung down the price
of the products of our farms. Suppose, for a mo-
ment, that the eight hundred thousand people now
engaged in the manufactories were suddenly tocease
their opetations, and to become farmers: what
would be the consequence'! Would it not cause a
complete prostration of the farminginterests! The
effects on pt ices would be most disastrous in two
ways; for the farmers would have not only to meet
the competition of these 800,000 producers, but they
would lose them as consumers. But how would
this operate on the cotton interest'! It would have
exactly the opposite effect. It would enable the
planter to buy his supplies at the lowest possible
rate. Thus, it is apparent that, if we look at this
matter as a sectional question, without regard to
