
CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, REPORTS, AND RETURNS OF THE CONFEDERATE AUTHORITIES, JULY 1, 1862-DECEMBER 31, 1863. *

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 46. Richmond, July 1, 1862.

I. The following regulations are published for the information of the Army:

1. Paragraph III, General Orders, No. 24, current series,+ is so modified as to permit the appointment of brigade ordnance officers, who shall have the rank and pay of first lieutenants of artillery.

2. Brigade ordnance officers so appointed will be subject to the division ordnance officers, so far as relates to ordnance duties, and will make requisitions on them. They will also make such reports as may be required to the division ordnance officers.

3. Ordnance-sergeants of regiments will be subject to and make reports to the brigade ordnance officers.

4. Since the act of April 19, 1862, providing an ordnance-sergeant to each regiment, the acting appointees, authorized under General Orders, No. 24, current series, and made by colonels of regiments, will be reported for appointment under the above act in cases where such report has not been made to the Ordnance Bureau. Hereafter the appointment will be made to regiments as to military posts, by the Secretary of War, and upon the recommendation of colonels of regiments, through the Ordnance Bureau, the non-commissioned officers recommended being at once placed upon duty in anticipation of the appointment.

II. Paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 44, current series,++ is hereby rescinded, and the following paragraph is substituted in lieu thereof:

Persons under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age who have re-enlisted for three years or the war are not entitled to their discharge under the conscript act. Persons of the ages above mentioned who enlisted for twelve months, or for a shorter term, will be entitled to their discharge ninety days after the expiration of their term of service.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*The letters-sent books of the C. S. War Department from May 23 to September 12, 1862, were never received by the U. S. authorities. This will explain the want of continuity in the letters from that office covering the period mentioned.

+See VOL. I, this series, p. 1065.

++Ibid., p. 1154.

---------------

1 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

