
of support or papers to show who they are. Some of them are traveling through the country on orders forged by themselves purporting to be signed by a commander at some distance post; others stop over at a place long enough to steal money to get away on, &amp;c. One of these parties I had arrested, and the report of the court of inquiry goes forward with this.

This being one of the most important places in our Confederacy on account of the great number of railroads centering here, all this class of men congregate at this point, as do also officers and soldiers absent from their commands without the proper papers; and as we are not in possession of such orders as warrant the arrest of such parties, I very much desire that instructions may issue from the Department that will cover all these points.

The pernicious practice of trading with the United States is carried to a very great extent through this city, and men are engaged in it who are indorsed by men who I am loth to distrust, but who will at the same time give $225 in Confederate notes for $100 in gold, and who will also give $120 or $125 for $100 of the issues of the banks of Alabama, Georgia, or South Carolina, in order to carry on this illicit trade. On this point I am anxious to have orders also.

Again, parties who are now residents and have been for years of this country, but were born and raised North, are now often slipping away and will be gone one, two, or three months to the North, and then return and stay here perhaps the same length of time and leave again. Another class, who come forward and say plainly that they have property North and desire to go there in order to secure it, or for their health, or to school their children, all of which looks to me as if they were only anxious to leave the country. On these points also I would like advice.

A thousand other things present themselves, but I have already trespassed too far, and I beg of your to excuse me for the intrusion.

Hopinons will be issued that will cover all the points,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. J. FOREACRE,

Provost-Marshal.

P. S. -To turn any case over to civil authorities in times like this, at this particular point, is almost equal to allowing them to pass unnoticed.

G. J. F.

ATLANTA, GA., July 22, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant, and I am very happy to know that you disclaim the doctrine which I think every fair-minded man has attributed to you who has ready your letter of the 29th of May last, and has construed plain English words according to their established meaning.

When a writer speaks of a tribune that is to be "the judge" of a case without qualification we certainly understand him to mean that this judge has the right to decide the case. And if the judge has this right, the decision must be binding upon all the parties, and no distinct and separate tribunal, as a different department of the Government, for instance, has the right to decide the same case after it has been decided by the judge having competent jurisdiction. It would seem to be a contradiction in terms to say that "when a specific power

