
as recent statistics prove, the glut of the manufactured article and consequent depreciation of price having alone been prevented by our civil war and the stopPAGEof supply. Hence the ardor of Mr. Bright and the Manchester men in the cause of non-intervention in our quarrel. Add to this the enormous cost of a war with an adversary so utterly reckless, desperate, and unscrupulous as the North now is, and the "masterly inactivity" of England (as plagiarizing from Mr. Calhoun they now term their policy) can be easily understood, if it cannot be justified by the principles of the law of nations and the impulse of humanity.

Europe professes to be sickened by the sight of useless slaughter across the Atlantic, but upraises no voice and lifts no finger to arrest it. Our sole reliance must be upon God and ourselves; ' and happy am I to know that such, too, has become the rooted sentiment of our people, upon whose heroic efforts and sufferings all Europe now looks with wondering admiration. I believe our recognition to depend more on the events now transpiring in Maryland than on any other earthy cause. As upon this side we can only hope to reap the fruits which the sweat and blood of our brave brethren have been poured out to produce for the weary months which have passed since the tide of Yankee success has ebbed away from Southern soil, it may be necessary to add that the recognition talked of by the British and French Governments, and which our continued success will hasten, does not formally involve mediation or intervention, but is supposed to lead to both, since the North has always announced her intention to regard it as a casus belli. The other European powers seem determined to await the action of those already named, but are generally sympathetic with us, with the exception of Germany, which is stupidly and obstinately hostile, and which has actually furnished food for powder in pretended emigrants via Hamburg. The same game has been played to some extent in Ireland also, but thus far to no very great extent. Spain is friendly to us; so is Austria; Italy too busy with her own affairs to take much heed of other quarrels, but Garibaldi has thrown the little weight his tragical folly has left him into the Yankee scale in a correthe Yankee consul at Vienna. The general commentary upon this demonstration has been pithily summed up by an English writer, who says, "It is a pity that a great patriot should also be a great fool, combining the heart of a lion and the head of an as. "

Of the feeling or policy of Russia we know nothing, but its affinities are supposed to be Northern, that the maritime supremacy of England and France may have a rival and probable ally of Russia hereafter. There are, however, two disturbing causes to the long patience of France-one is the breach daily widening between the Continental policy of England and her own, especially in Italy, the other is the pressure put upon the Government by the industrial class, whose sufferings have been and continue to be great; and the French ouvriers will not suffer like dumb cattle, as their British brethren seem disposed to do. From the consuls-general of several of the departments have been sent up to the Government, and published in the journals, petitions to the Emperor for relief, blended with complaints that the cause should be permitted to continue, and warning the government against the possible consequences of an increase of these evils and that suffering. At Rouen, Lyons, and in the north generally both public and private charity on the largest scale have been ineffectually resorted to relieve the distress, and

