
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 1, 1862.

Major CALEB HUSE,

C. S. Agent, London, England:

SIR: You are respectfully informed that the Department has made a contract with Messrs. Chamberlain &amp; Co. to furnish supplies for the Quartermaster's, Ordnance, and Medical bureaux. The prices are to be fixed by reference to the invoices, which are to be verified by your on actual inspection of the articles made in person or by your agents. The invoices must be indorsed by you, stating that the prices are the usual wholesale prices of the articles in the chief marts, and that the articles themselves are merchantable. This latter provision is not intended as an assumption of the risk of damage, the contractors being bound to deliver them in a Confederate port in good order.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 74. Richmond, October 2, 1862.

I. The execution of the act approved April 16, 1862, commonly called the Conscription Act, and of all the amendments thereto, is suspended, by direction of the President, in the States of Kentucky and Missouri. Troops from those States will, until further orders, be received into the Confederate service under the acts passed by the Confederate Congress prior to the passage of the act above referred to, the execution of which is hereby suspended.

II. The attention of officers and all others concerned is called to the fact that General Orders, No. 72, published incorrectly in the Richmond Enquirer of September 30, and the Richmond Whig of October 1 and 2, was published correctly on the 1st instant and thereafter in the Enquirer, and on the 3d instant and thereafter in the Whig.

III. All furloughed, sick, and wounded soldiers will have transportation furnished them to their homes and back where their furloughs are of sufficient length to warrant it.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, October 2, 1862.

His Excellency Governor SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Major Gaines telegraphs that many parties have withdrawn their negroes from the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad and refuse to return them, that every effort to hire has proved unsuccessful, and that the work will be retarded for months, when with an efficient force it could be finished by the 1st of November.

This work is of great importance and I must beg that you will use your influence with the planters to procure labor. Delay may bring disaster to themselves. Can you not appeal to them by proclamation?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

