
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

October 2, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF DELEGATES:

I herewith transmit a communication from the adjutant-general on a subject of interest and importance, and commend it to your consideration and such action as you may deem advisable. I again respectfully renew the recommendation contained in my message at the opening of this session, in regard to officers of the militia who are disloyal or refuse to obey the orders of the Executive. In that portion of Western and Northwestern Virginia which has been overrun by the public enemy we have very few militia officers who can be relied upon the execute the orders of the Executive. Under existing laws we have no means of reaching such officers, except through the agency of courts-martial, and these cannot be held in that section of the State. It is of the first importance, therefore, that some legislation shall be had upon this subject before your adjournment.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 30, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Permit me to suggest for your consideration the expediency under existing circumstances of extending the provisions of the act of March 7, 1862, in regard to the second-class militia over the whole State, and a thorough organization of that class for home service during the continuance of the war; also a re-examination not all men who were exempted by the local boards. In many cases physical disability (which then existed) exists no longer, yet many able-bodied men shelter themselves under the exemption. In addition, to constitute a board consisting of three justices for each regiment with authority to assess and cause the militia fines to be promptly collected, suspending for a time the sections of the 31st chapter of the Code of 1860, relating to regimental and battalion courts of inquiry, which are now practically inoperative.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 3, 1862.

The SENATE:

I herewith transmit for your information a communication from the Secretary of War in response to your resolution of the 26th ultimo, in reference to "the construction of a certain line of railroad in the States of Louisiana and Texas. "

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 2, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the following resolution adopted by the Senate on the 26th ultimo:

Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the Senate whether the appropriation made by the act entitled "An act to aid in the construction of a

