
to the Governor of the State of Louisiana or his authorized agent, subject to a final adjustment whenever the assessments and returns of the war tax for said State shall be completed.

Approved October 8, 1862.

AN ACT to reply to the State of North Carolina the excess over her quota paid by her into the Treasury of the Confederate States on account of the war tax.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sum of one hundred and eleven thousand one hundred and seventy-four dollars and sixty-nine cents be paid to the State of North Carolina, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the same being the excess over her quota paid by her into the Treasury of the Confederate States on account of the war tax.

Approved October 8, 1862.

AN ACT making appropriations for the executive, legislative, and judicial expenses of the Government for the month of December, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America de enact, That the following sums be and the same are hereby appropriated for the objects hereafter expressed for the year ending the thirty-first of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two:

* * * * *

For the pay of officers and privates of the Army, volunteers and militia, and for quartermaster's supplies of all kinds, transportation, and other necessary expenses, fifteen million six hundred and thirty-eight thousand and forty-nine dollars.

For support of prisoners of war and for rent of necessary guard-houses, &amp;c., two hundred thousand dollars.

For bounty, fifty dollar to each non-commissioned officer, musician, and private in the service for three years, three million dollars.

For purchase of subsistence stores and commissary property, twenty-two million five hundred and ninety-eight thousand forty-one dollars and thirty-six cents.

For the ordnance service in all its branches, two million two hundred thousand dollars.

For the engineer service, two hundred thousand dollars.

For medical and hospital supplies, four hundred thousand dollars.

For pay of nurses, cooks other than enlisted men or volunteers, forty-eight thousand dollars.

For services of physicians to be employed in conjunction with the medical staff of the Army, thirty thousand dollars.

For the establishment and support of military hospitals, fifty-nine thousand five hundred dollars.

* * * * *

For ordnance service in all its branches, including the purchase of ordnance and ordnance stores imported, four million dollars.

* * * * *

To supply the deficiencies in the engineer appropriations for engineering purposes, eight hundred thousand dollars.

To pay claims upon the Confederate Government for vessels seized by the naval and military authorities for the use of the Government, ten thousand two hundred and thirty-seven dollar and fifty cents.

