
For the purchase of flour for the Confederate States Army, six million eight hundred and twenty-three thousand eight hundred dollars.

The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, from any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to take up and redeem such Treasury notes as may from time to time be called in for the purpose of being canceled, and in place of such Treasury notes so canceled other Treasury notes to the same amount may be issued.

Approved October 9, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October, 9, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

SIR: I find it impossible, in the limited time before the adjournment of Congress, to make the inquiries necessary to enable me to recommend suitable persons to fill the offices created during the present session of Congress. Army corps must be organized before lieutenant-generals and members of the courts of commission can be appointed.

Officers of ordnance cannot be selected without an examination of the applicants, nor officers of the Signal Corps without careful inquiry.

A vacancy in the office of Assistant Secretary of War occurred on the 1st instant, and owing to the press of business I have found it impossible to select a person qualified to fill the office.

Many vacancies have no doubt occurred in the Army which are not yet reported. As no power exists to make appointments or to fill vacancies in the recess for offices created or vacancies occurring during the session of Congress, I recommend that application be made to Congress for the passage of an act authorizing such appointments.

In reference to vacancies, it might be limited to those occurring within fifteen days of the adjournment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., October 9, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: His Excellency Governor Vance has frequent applications from citizens residing in counties of this State within the lines of the enemy asking permission to raise companies of partisan rangers for local defense. The conscript law cannot be executed in those localities, and His Excellency thinks that the public service will be promoted by granting such applications, and he therefore respectfully suggests that you will commission such persons as he may recommend for that service.

Yours, very respectfully,

DAVID A. BARNES,

Aide to the Governor.

8 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

