
management of the Army proper I shall, of course, offer no advice, not pretending to be a military man; but in regard to such political movements as secure most effectually the support of the people in the execution of the conscript law, I ought to be heard. In this respect I might safely assert of myself that which after all amounts to not much, that I know more than all the West Pointers in the service. And yet, so far as I am aware, no one suggestion of mine or recommendation has received the approval of the Department. So be it. Though the responsibility rests not with me, yet, as I and my State are to suffer any evil consequences that may follow, I fell it my duty to write you fully and frankly in regard to all matters affecting North Carolina.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

AN ACT supplemental to an act entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay district collectors in certain cases," approved April 11th, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby authorized to pay the sum-of four hundred dollar to the several district collectors of the war tax, authorized by the act entitled "An act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes and to provide a war tax for their redemption," approved 'August nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, in those States which have assumed the payment of said tax: Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury shall be satisfied that all the duties which fairly devolved on said collectors by the law under which they were appointed have been faithfully performed by them:

And provided further, That if said collectors have received compensation under the act to which this is supplemental, the sum so received shall be deducted from the amount specified in this act.

SEC. 2. The chief collectors shall receive a proportional amount of the salary fixed by law, for each quarter in which they shall be actually and in good faith engaged in the discharge of the duties of their office.

Approved October 11, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 11, 1862.

Brigadier Gen. J. G. MARTIN,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 5th instant* you are respectfully informed that it was deemed necessary, in order to insure uniformity in the execution of the law for the enrollment of conscripts, that it should be conducted under the control of the Department, and it was so ordered on the 28th of April last in General Orders, No. 30. Experience has confirmed the view then taken, and it has been found that to place the enrollment of conscripts under the control of the general commanding a department subjects it to change with every change of the department commander. General Lee's orders were not intended to conflict with the policy and express orders of the Department, but

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. XVIII, p. 752.

---------------

