
For pay for property pressed into service of the Confederate States under appraisement, said property having been either lost or applied to the public service, thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.

For the subsistence of prisoners of war, under act number one hundred and eighty-one, section first, and the hire of the necessary prisons, guard-houses, etc., for the safe-keeping of the same, or so much thereof as may be necessary, two hundred thousand dollars.

For the bounty of fifty dollars to each non-commissioned officer, musician and private now in service for three years or for the war, to be paid at the expiration of the first year's service, on the basis that sixty thousand will have to be paid, three million dollars.

For the pay of officers on duty in the offices of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, the Quartermaster General's Medical, Engineer, Ordnance and Subsistence Departments, sixty-four thousand six hundred and seventy dollars.

Medical Department. -For pay of private physicians employed by contract, from the first to the thirty-first of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, thirty thousand dollars.

For pay of nurses and cooks, not enlisted or volunteer, from the first to the thirty-first of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, forty-eight thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital stewards, from the first to the thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, twelve thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital laundresses, from the first to the thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thousand dollars.

For medical and hospital supplies of the Army, from the first to the thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, four hundred thousand dollars.

For the establishment and support of military hospitals, from the first to the thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.

* * * * *

For deficiencies in the Quartermaster's Department for nine months to January first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, thirty-nine million dollars.

For foreign intercourse, I. e., salaries of commissioners and secretaries for three months from January first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, twelve thousand dollars.

For medical and hospital supplies, to supply deficit in appropriation for the period extending from April first to December first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, one million five hundred thousand dollars.

For pay of private physicians employed in conjunction with the medical staff of the Army, to supply deficit in the appropriation for the period extending from April first to December first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.

To pay interest on five hundred thousand dollars borrowed by General Hindman from Branch Bank of Tennessee on the twenty-eighth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and returned July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, four thousand one hundred and nine dollars.

* * * * *

Commissary General's Department. -For the purchase of subsistence for the Army for the month of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, six million five hundred and seventy-one thousand six hundred and seventy-two dollars and ninety-one cents.

* * * * *

Approved October 13, 1862.

