
AN ACT authorizing the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That during the present invasion of the Confederate States, the President shall have power to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in any city town, or military district, whenever in his judgment the public safety may require it; but such suspension shall apply only to arrests made by the authorities of the Confederate Government, or for offenses against the same.

SEC. 2. The President shall cause proper officers to investigate the cases of all persons so arrested, in order that they may be discharged, if improperly detained, unless they can be speedily tried in due course of law.

SEC. 3. This act shall continue in force for thirty days after the next meeting of Congress, and no longer.

Approved October 13, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Richmond, October 14, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received the telegram sent by General Beauregard to you. I infer that General B. thinks that because the order has been given to transfer the money to John Boston, depositary at Savannah, that it is intended to remove the same to Savannah. Mr. Boston has been ordered to appoint W. H. Young, president of the Bank of Columbus, his agent to receive the same from the military authorities, and to hold it on deposit at Columbus. As Mr. Young is now in actual possession of the coin, the transfer will be merely formal, so as to divest the title of the Bank of Louisiana. If, however, it is the opinion of yourself or General Beauregard that the coin is not safe at Columbus or that it has better be removed to Augusta, please let me know and I will give directions accordingly. General B. 's telegram is herewith returned. *

With much respect,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

RICHMOND, October 14, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

President Young has been appointed a depositary by Mr. boston. You may therefore leave the money in Young's hands upon his consenting to receipt for it as the depositary of the Treasury Department.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 14, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

President Young refused to give up the coin; forcible possession taken; guard placed over it. Where shall it be sent? Enemy appears

---------------

*See Beauregard to Randolph, October 12, p. 116.

---------------

