
to be preparing for a movement near Port Royal Ferry. My forces there are very weak. Could they not be increased from sources beyond my reach?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 240. Richmond, October 14, 1862.

* * * * *

XXXIII. Generals commanding military districts in the Trans-Mississippi Department will afford all reasonable facilities for the introduction and transportation of niter and lead from Mexico, or through the Gulf ports. Upon requisition from officers of the Niter and Mining Bureau they are authorized and required to cause their several quartermasters to provide transportation for munitions so imported when in so doing the movement of troops and the transportation of their necessary supplies is not interfered with.

* * * * *

XXXVI. General G. T. Beauregard will detail an officer to seize the $2,539,798. 79 in coin, the property of the Bank of Louisiana now deposited at Columbus, Ga., in the hands of W. H. Young, president of the Bank of Columbus, for safe-keeping, and deliver the same to John Boston, depositary of the Government at Savannah, Ga., or to any agent whom he may appoint to receive it.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, October 15, 1862.

Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you select some suitable officer of your department in this city to receive the sums paid in by members of the Dunkard Society to secure exemption from military service. This officer will perform this duty until further orders. This order will include also the members of the societies of Friends, Mennonites, and Nazarenes.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, October 15, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

The Secretary of the Treasury desires to have the coin turned over to T. S. Metcalf, the Government depositary at Augusta. You will dispose of it accordingly.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

