
COLUMBUS, GA., October 16, 1862.

Mr. W. H. YOUNG,

President of Bank of Columbus, Ga.:

In accordance with an order from General Beauregard I beg leave to make this my formal and official demand upon you to deliver to me certain kegs and boxes of coin removed from the city of New Orleans and now in your custody in the vault of the Bank of Columbus. In case of your refusal to comply with this demand I shall feel it my duty to take forcible military possession of said coin to comply on my part with the aforesaid order from General Beauregard.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. G. RICE,

Aide-de-Camp.

COLUMBUS, GA., October 16, 1862.

Received from W. H. Young, president of the Bank of Columbus, 57 kegs, said to contain $2,323,789. 79 in gold coin, and 201 boxes and 3 kegs, said to contain $216,000 in silver coin. W. H. Young, as president and individually, disclaims all knowledge of the contents of said kegs and boxes, which were originally received from R. M. Davis, president of the Bank of Louisiana, and deposited in the vault of the Bank of Columbus, Ga.

A. G. RICE,

Aide-de-Camp.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 16, 1862.

His Excellency Governor LETCHER,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have received from the adjutant-general of Virginia a copy of an order to the superintendent of the Military Institute at Lexington directing him "not to surrender any cadet who may be claimed as a conscript by the Confederate authority until the constitutionality of the act of Congress called the conscription law shall have been tested, the legislative will of the State ascertained, or until further orders. "

Presuming that you desire to avoid collisions between the authorities of the State and of the Confederacy, and that you will aid me in adjusting the difference without a resort to force, I propose that a case shall be immediately made for the Supreme Court of Appeals of the State, in which the constitutionality of the conscript act can be tested. This may be done by the enrollment of cadet and an application for a writ of habeas corpus on the part of the superintendent of the institute.

If you will direct him to pursue this course I will order the necessary enrollment to be made at such time and place as you may designate, and I will also give orders that pending the trial under the writ the cadet may be allowed to remain at the institute, subject to the order of the War Department.

As my only wish is to obtain a speedy decision of a question threatening us with so much peril, I desire to avoid all controversy about forms of proceeding, and will acquiesce in any arrangement by which the constitutionality of the act be tested.

