
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 76. Richmond, October 17, 1862.

Major A. H. Cole, quartermaster, is announced as inspector-general of field transportation for the C. S. Army, headquarters Richmond, Va. All officers of the Quartermaster's Department will report to him without further orders the number of wagons, horses, mules, sets of harness, and their condition.

The chief quartermasters of the armies in the field will see that this order is observed by all officers of the Quartermaster's Department within the limits of their respective commands.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JACKSON, October 17, 1862.

(Received 18th.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The importance of salt to be exchanged for cotton is regarded here as a necessity. Many have no bacon and no salt; are living on vegetables and bread without salt. I hope you will not order it stopped until you have all the facts. Will write you to-morrow at length.

J. J. PETTUS.

[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for notice and remarks.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the President.

Orders have been given to prevent cotton from being sent to any port in possession of the enemy. The penalties of the two acts of Congress of May 21, 1861, and April 19, 1862, are very heavy, and the acts are a very clear expression of the legislative will.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 17, 1862. -For Jones to Randolph, recommending the temporary suspension of the execution of the conscript act in East Tennessee, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XVI, Part II, p. 953.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, DEPT. OF JUSTICE,

Richmond, October 18, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your request to give you my opinion how far the exemption act of last session of Congress is retrospective, I submit for your consideration the following:

In ascertaining the correct construction of the last exemption law it may be profitable, if not necessary, to glance at all the legislation

