
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 20, 1862.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 16th instant inquiring as to an officer by whom bonds may be sent to Europe. In reply I have the honor to say that the Department knows of no opportunity of sending bonds abroad. Major Ferguson was detailed for the purpose of carrying out funds to purchase winter clothing for the Army, and he left here under the impression that the bonds he took with him were for this purpose. If not so applied, the arrangement of the Department for securing a supply of winter clothing will be defeated, and it is now too late to make any other arrangements in time to meet the wants of our soldiers. I must therefore most earnestly request that the bonds carried out by Major Ferguson be applied to the purpose indicated. Had the Department been informed at the time that Major Ferguson was taking out the bonds for other purposes, some other arrangement would have been attempted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 245. Richmond, October 20, 1862.

* * * * *

XXIX. Officers commanding camps of instruction under the conscription acts will cause the enrollment of conscripts to be extended to all men not subject to exemption who are between eighteen and forty years of age.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE COUNCIL CHAMBER,

Columbia, S. C., October 20, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Department of Georgia, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose (by order of the Governor and Council) an ordinance to provide for the removal of negroes, &c., and report of Special Committee No. 2, adopted by the convention of South Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ARTHUR,

Clerk of the Convention.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

AN ORDINANCE to provide for the removal of negroes and other property from portions of the State which may be invaded by the enemy.

We, the people of the State of South Carolina, in convention assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared and ordained:

SECTION 1. That for the purpose of more fully accomplishing the objects of this ordinance, there shall be elected by this convention a

