
commission of three citizen for each of the districts of Horry, Georgetown, Charleston, Collection, and Beaufort; and the citizens constituting such commission shall be fully authorized to exercise the powers hereinafter provided for the said commission.

SEC. 2. That whenever there shall be reason to believe that any portion of the State not now in the actual possession of the enemy may come into his possession, or the commanding general of the Confederate forces shall notify any one of the said commission that such removal is otherwise required by the public interest, it shall be the duty of the commission for the district in which portion of the State it may be to notify all persons therein residing and owning negroes, or having them in charge, forthwith to remove and take with them, beyond a line to be designated by the commissioners, such negroes and such other property to them belonging or in their charge as it may be practicable to carry with them. And for such removal the said commission shall give such aid as may be necessary and it can command. And if any person or persons residing in such portions of the State received from the said commission the notice before mentioned, refuse or neglect to remove and take with them such negroes, it shall then be the duty of the said commission to compel the removal of such negroes. And the said commission shall, in all cases where it may be necessary, apply to the commanding officer of the military forces in the district for such aid as may be requisite for the removal of any negroes and conducting of safety.

SEC. 3. It shall be the duty of the said commission, in all cases of removal of negroes under this ordinance, to cause to be carried and removed with such negroes, if practicable, so much of the provisions which belong to the owner or owners or persons having charge of such negroes as will be necessary for their support, or to sell the same and apply the proceeds to the support of such negroes.

SEC. 4. In all cases where the owners or owners or persons having charge of negroes to be removed under this ordnance shall have prepared or provided a place or places to which such negroes can be carried, it shall be the duty of the said commission to give to the owner or owners or persons having charge of such negroes such aid for their removal as may be necessary and the commission can command. And if the owner or owners or persons having charge of negroes too be removed under this ordinance shall not have prepared or provided any place or places to which such negroes can be carried, it shall then be the duty of the said commission to cause such negroes, with the provisions for their support, to be removed and carried to such place or places as the said commission shall or may procure with the consent of the owners of such place or places and upon such terms as may be agreed upon for the use and occupation of such place or places. And upon the removal of the negroes and provisions, if any, to such place or places they shall be no longer under the charge of the said commission, but shall be restored to the control of the owner or owners or persons entitled to the charge of them.

SEC. 5. It shall be the duty of the said commission without delay to procure and provide places to which negroes may be carried under this ordinance. And to such of these places as may be considered best for that purpose it shall be the duty also of the said commission

