
necessary provisions for their support, under the terms of an ordinance entitled "An ordinance to provide for the removal of negroes and other property from portions of the State that may be invaded by the enemy," be, and the same are hereby, entitled to receive all such aid on application to the commission as is prescribed by said ordinance to be afforded to those who remove on notice; and the commission is hereby directed to afford the said aid so far as the same may be expedient or practicable; and further, that all means of transportation shall be afforded by corporations and private ferries under the terms of said ordinance.

[B. F. ARTHUR,]

Clerk of Convention.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

In convention of the people of the State of South Carolina, in secret session.

The special committee No. 2, charged with considering and reporting upon the proper action of the State in case at any time further valuable portions of our territory should be pronounced untenable by the military authorities, respectfully report that they immediately on their appointment proceeded to consider the grave matter committed to their charge, and after several consultations concluded to hold their report until the convention should act on the reports of special committees Nos. 1 and 5. This committee unanimously concur in the general line of policy indicated in the ordinance reported by special committee No. 1 and adopted by the convention, and ask leave too report resolutions to extend the provisions of the original ordinance to white inhabitants of Charleston incapable of conducting their own removal, and to modify its provisions in reference to the removal of negroes from that city. In regard to the city of Charleston, your committee cannot believe that it will ever be pronounced untenable by the military authorities until the trial of strength and endurance has been tested to the uttermost. They recommend that it should be expressed as the sense of the people of South Carolina, assembled in convention, that Charleston should be defended at any cost of life or property, and that in their deliberate judgment they would prefer a repulse of the enemy with the entire city in ruins to an evacuation or surrender on any terms whatever. The committee oppose altogether the idea of abandonment until both the defending army and the city are so far destroyed that no provision need be made for further action. If, however, the city should be abandoned to the enemy, contrary to the expressed with of the people of the State, your committee cannot bring themselves to recommend, as has been suggested by some, that the city should be destroyed by the hands of her own citizens, irrespective of the command of the mies. The committee have deliberated with painful anxiety upon this matter, but while they highly approve a defense like that of Saragossa, they cannot perceive in the circumstances of Charleston enough to recommend to her citizens the example of Moscow. The committee think the injury which might be inflicted in this way on the enemy quite too inconsiderable to warrant a proceeding so very much more disastrous to ourselves. Indeed, the committee are inclined to believe that the destruction of the city is precisely that which the enemy desire and design. The committee believe that an indiscriminate burning of the city could not be effected without destroying the lives of a very large portion of the non-combatant

