
inhabitants, whose removal could not be accomplished. Let the responsibility of so terrible a calamity rest upon the enemy. The committee accordingly recommend that the convention should express its disapproval of the suggestion of a voluntary burning of the city by the citizens. To the military authorities they have nothing to suggest on this point.

The committee recommend the adoption of the following resolutions:

Resolved, That the provisions of the "ordinance to provide for the removal of negroes and other property from portions of the State which may be invaded by the enemy" be extended to the removal of those persons in the city of Charleston who, by reason of age, sex, or infirmity, are incapable of taking part in its defense, if such removal becomes necessary in the judgment of the commission herein provided for.

Resolved, That a commission of five citizens of Charleston be chosen by the convention, whose duty it shall be to excuse within the city of Charleston the provisions of the ordinance aforesaid and of this resolution.

Resolved, That in case any expense is incurred by the commissioners in the removal of white persons, such persons shall be liable to repay such expense to the commissioners, which repayment may be enforced by action of debt in any court of common law.

Resolved (1), That the injunction of secrecy be removed from the report of resolutions of special committee No. 2, adopted by the convention in so far as to permit the communication of a certified copy of the said report and resolutions to each of the commissioners for Charleston, with leave to make known so much of the same as may be necessary to the several parties interested therein, and to the commanding general of the Confederate forces in this State and the Confederate officer commanding at Charleston; and that the president be instructed to notify the commissioners of their election.

Resolved (2), That the commissioners for Charleston be each copy of the "ordinance to provide for the removal of negroes and other property from portions of the State which may be invaded by the enemy," with the same right to communicate the same as by a previous resolution of this convention is given to the commissioners for the districts of Georgetown, Horry, Charleston, Colleton, and Beaufort.

Commissioners elected for Charleston: C. M. Furman, Charles Kerrison, R. N. Gourdin, G. A. Trencholm, W. D. Porter.

Resolved, That the injunction of secrecy be removed in relation to the ordinance providing for the removal of slaves, and the resolution passed amendatory thereof, in so far as to permit the communication of a certified copy of the ordinance to each of the commissioners, with leave to make known so much of the ordinance as may be necessary to the several parties interested therein, and to the commanding generals of the Confederate forces in this State. That the president be instructed to notify the commissioners of their election.

SAVANNAH, GA., October 21, 1862.

Hon. W. PORCHER MILES,

Member of Congress, Richmond, Va.:

Why should not Governors of Southern States offer to meet those of Northwest States at Memphis under flag of truce to decide on

