
II. The proposal of the Southern Express Company to carry funds for the Government having been accepted, all officers are hereby forbidden sending persons for funds in cases where the express company can be used.

II. Officers who have been charged with the disbursement of bounty funds will immediately render their accounts to the Quartermaster-General; otherwise they will be reported for dismissal, as required by law.

IV. Lieut. Colonel George Deas, assistant adjutant-general, S. C. Army, is assigned to duty in the War Department as Acting Assistant Secretary of War, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

V. Paragraph II, General Orders, No. 57, current series, is modified so as to read as follows:

Hereafter all soldiers under eighteen and over forty years of age will be discharged at the expiration of the terms for which they have engaged to serve.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 22, 1862.

Captain L. P. GRANT,

Corps of Engineers, Provisional Army, C. S., Atlanta, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: Herewith I inclose a copy of an act to enable the President of the Confederate States to provide the means of military transportation by the construction of a railroad between Blue Mountain, in the State of Alabama, and Rome, in the State of Georgia. *

By the terms of this act the President is empowered to enter into contracts fora speedy completion of the proposed link of railroad "with the several railroad companies whose charters extend over said line. "

To accomplish the object contemplated the sum of $1,122,480. 92 in the bonds of the Confederate States has been appropriated by the Congress, and it is proposed by the War Department to make a loan of this amount to a railroad company on such terms as will insure a prompt execution of the work and the repayment to the Government of the money advanced.

The duty of making such contract is assigned to you, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War, and in the following conditions, to wit:

First. That the loan made by the Government to the contracting railroad company shall be in bonds of the Confederate States of America, bearing 8 per centrum interest per annum.

Second. That a mortgage by given to the Government on the proposed link of railroad and its appurtenances for the payment of the money loaned, with interest at 8 per centrum per annum.

Third. The company to complete the link of railroad in six to ten months from date of contract, and in case of failure the Secretary of War to have the power to foreclose the mortgage and order the sale of the road to other parties.

Fourth. The War Department reserving to the Government the preference in all transportation over the road during the existing war.

---------------

*See October 2, 1862, p. 200.

---------------

