
of every camp and garrison, it is considered an injustice to their profession and to their corps that medical officers should complain of a want of means of treating the sick under their charge, and it is to be hoped that the example of some few regimental medical officers who have had collected and used and have reported upon the beneficial results derived from the use of these remedies will be generally emulated. The receipt of these circulares will be acknowledged.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 52. Richmond, July 23, 1862.

I. It will be the duty of the commanding generals of separate armies to cause to be entered, in some conspicuous place on the standards of regiments, battalions, and separately organized squadrons of their commands, the names of the several battle in which their regiments, battalions, and separate squadrons have been actually engaged.

II. With a view to carry into effect so much of the act of April 21, 1862, as provides "that the President may, when in his opinion it is proper, fill any vacancy by the promotion of any officer, from any company, battalion, squadron, or regiment in which the same may occur, who shall have been distinguished in service by the exhibition of extraordinary valor or skill, and that when any vacancy shall occur in the lost grade of commissioned officer of any company the same may be filled by selection, by the President, of any non-commissioned officer or private from the company in which said vacancy may occur, who shall have been distinguished in the service by the exhibition of extraordinary valor and skill," it will be the duty of the several commanding officers herein referred to furnish reports setting forth the facts and circumstances of the "extraordinary valor and skill" displayed by such officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates as may be recommended by them for promotion, agreeably to the provision of this act. These reports will be passed through the ascending channel of communication provided by the Army Regulations to the commanding general, who will forward the same, with such remarks as he may deem necessary, to the Adjutant and Inspector General for the action of the Secretary of War.

III. The employees of railroad companies are authorized and requested to examine the passes and furloughs of soldiers passing over their roads, and to arrest all deserters and persons absent without leave from the Army, whenever they may be found on said road, s and to deliver them to an officer of the Army at the most convenient post or station, or to lodge them in jail and report their names and regiments to the Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond. Thirty dollars will be paid for all deserters delivered to an officer, and $15 for each deserter lodged in jail. No allowance will be made for the expenses of apprehension and transportation. All jailers receiving deserters are requested to detain them. The usual allowance for prisoners will be made.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

