
as compels us to call into the field all who are able to serve there. To exempt the unwilling would be to offer a premium to disaffection. To allow those who are unreliable in their loyalty to continue in separate organizations would prove a perilous experiment. Dangerous schemers might obtain important posts, and the least hazard incurred might be the propagation and perpetuation of a spirit discontented and unfriendly to the Confederacy. The distribution of this class of men among regiments of loyal and tired veterans would neutralize their evil influence, and in time, perhaps, effect a change in them. On the whole, though not free from objection, this seems the most feasible plan for efficiently organizing in East Tennessee. Already some recruits have been received, who are much needed to fill up the thinned ranks of the gallant Turney's brigade in Virginia. I am gratified at the report you give of the favorable tone of public opinion in Georgia relative to the conscription act. Nothing could be ore unfortunate, not only for the success of the cause in which we are engaged, but also for the future reputation of the great State of Georgia, than any conflict between the authorities of that State and the Confederate Government on this question. Having full confidentutionality of the law, I rely on the decision of the supreme court of Georgia to remove the difficulties that at present embarrass the action of the State authorities. The recommendations which you make have been referred to the Secretary of War, and will receive from him the respectful consideration due to the indorsement they receive.

With much personal regard for yourself, as well as high consideration for your public character.

I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

P. S. -Some regiments (said to be five) which have been organized in East Tennessee before the 1st of October will be received.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 24, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: There is great need of prompt action on the part of the Government to correct the evil influences of the Yankee reign and of abuses of power of our own agents in North Alabama. The disloyal stand in open defiance of constitutional authority, and of the few who are brave and patriotic enough to denounce them, and a large portion of those who are true to the Confederate Government are restrained by fear of the return of the Yankee and menaces of greater outrages than they have yet suffered from free expression of their sentiments and from any organization for their future defense. There is a very general feeling among such that the Confederate Government is too weak to protect them or to punish treason or to enforce its laws. Men are here who during the stay of the enemy sold them cotton and bought if for them, acted as their agents, as spies, informers, and depositaries, openly declaiming for the Union and even signing calls for Union meetings, and who are now trading with them at Nashville, passing uninterruptedly between that place and this city. No enrolling agent under the conscript act has been

