
allowed to supply evidence of rank attained previous to the passage of the act; in others the date is held conclusive. Heretofore in this State the commission has been but little regarded by officers, the election conferring the authority and the commission being but the evidence; hence commissions bore only the date of issuance without any reference to the date of the election, all questions of rank being easily settled by reference to the records of the Adjutant-General's Office. Some fixed and definite rule, too, should be adopted in reference to officers newly elected to fill vacancies in the militia. If the old officers are exempted, reason would dictate that the efficiency of the militia would be as much impaired by the enrollment of one class of officers as the other. I would thank you for the information requested at as early a day as the duties of your office will permit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

ROME, GA., October 25, 1862.

Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c.:

HONORED SIR: Inclosed I send you a copy of the resolutions of our Board of Directors touching the appropriation made by Congress for the completion of our road. We are anxious to avail ourselves of the means offered, and therefore write you to obtain that information which I trust will remove from my mind the serious difficulties which now appear to me so formidable. If the completion of the road from Rome to Blue Mountain be a military necessity, then its speedy completion is of paramount importance. Time is really the essence of the matter, and doubtless you agree with us that if we cannot foresee any reasonable prospect of procuring the iron rails it will be useless for us to employ the Government means in finishing the grading, superinstruction, &c. You are aware of the many obstacles which may render our efforts fruitless in obtaining iron rails, spikes, charis, &c., by the usual modes of purchase, and unless that authority which has declared the road to be a military necessity also declares that iron shall be furnished I know not how to proceed. Our earnest desire is to build our portion of this road at once, viz, from Rome to the State line of Alabama, which is about 22 miles. We feel confident we can have it ready for the iron in ninety days from the time the work is commenced, as all the heavy grading and principal bridging is finished. Our company has already expended upon the road about $85,000; of that amount we now owe between $30,000 and $35,000 on contracts and loans. After paying the latter we will freely merge the work already done into the mortgage deed and thereby enhance the Government security at least $50,000. At present prices of material and labor this additional security would amount to a much larger sum, and we can assure you that the means used so far have been judiciously expended. Will you, sir, please advise us at once and say whether you can give us the requocuring iron, &c., by impressment or otherwise, and also communicate any other information your superior judgment may deem of advantage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED SHORTER,

President Georgia and Alabama Railroad.

