
[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for reply.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 6, 1862.

Engineer Bureau for reply.

Inform them that the roads is considered highly important, and that the Government will exert its utmost powers in procuring iron.

G. W. R.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 2, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the files of the Honorable Secretary of War, an answer having been sent to Mr. Shorter and a copy of the letter, with its inclosure, forwarded to Captain L. P. Grant, engineer in charge of the Rome and Blue Mountain Railroad.

A. L. RIVES,

Major and Assistant to Chief Engineer.

[Inclosure.]

ROME, October 20, 1862.

RESOLUTIONS.

Whereas, it is highly important that the projected railroad between Rome, in Georgia, and Blue Mountain, in Alabama, should be speedily, built, it is therefore.

Resolved, That we avail ourselves at once of the proffered loan by the Congress of the Confederate States, and to this end we hereby accept the provisions of the act entitled "An act to enable the President of the Confederate States to provide for the means of military transportation by constructing a railroad between Blue Mountain, in the State of Alabama, and Rome, in the State of Georgia," approved October [2], 1862. And we do authorize and empower the president of this company, by himself, his agent, or attorney, to execute and deliver to the President of the Confederate States the mortgage security required by said act.

And whereas, theirs company has already expended of their own means upon said road, in bridging, masonry, and grading, the sum of $---, and to that extend increasing the corpus of the property to be mortgaged, our president is instructed to have such saving clause embodied in said mortgage as will limit the lien and liability to the road and its equipments and the public property of the company. The individual property of the stockholders should not be liable for the redemption of said mortgage, but the president of this company is hereby authorizes to tender to the President of the Confederate States a bond, with the most ample personal security, for the faithful application of the money and the diligent prosecution of the work.

Resolved further, That in consideration of the height price of materials and the embarrassment thrown around the procurement of iron rails by the pressure of Government contracts upon manufacturers, we do earnestly request the President of the Confederate States to appoint a military director over said line of railroad with proper power and discretion to impress iron and materials, provided they can be obtained in no other way, or in case the owners of such iron demand most unreasonable and exorbitant rates.

10 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

