
[First indorsement.]

Answer as per draft and refer to Secretary of War for attention. *

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

Please to return to President's office.

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 7, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the President.

General Orders, No. 30, the first order issued to carry the conscript law into effect, expressly provided that the wishes of the conscripts should be consulted as far as practicable in assigning them to companies. In a recent order, which will soon be published, this has been continued. The letter of Governor Vance was not answered because it imputed "bad faith" to the President and Secretary of War and could not be answered without risking a breach between the Governor and the Department, which would be detrimental to the public service.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., October 25, 1862.

Governor I. G. HARRIS,

Knoxville, Ten.:

I have not suspended the enrollment. The War Department has only agreed to receive five regiments raised before October 1, under authority of a special law. Confer with the military authorities and give us recruits for the old regiments as far as practicable. I have already required in these matters that the case should be referred to you. You have my confidence; I want your assistance.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., October 27, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the receipt of your dispatch advising the withdrawal of labor from the railroad in West Alabama,+ I dispatched one of my aides, ex-Governor A. B. Moore, to examine into the matter. Inclosed I had you copy of a letter this day received from him, by which you will be pleased to learn that the difficulties in the way have been overcome, and that the work is rapidly progressing to a completion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

[Inclosure.]

MARION, October 24, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN G. SHORTER:

DEAR SIR: I am just through with my railroad mission. Before taking any action on the matter I went to Demopolis to see the superintendent or chief engineer of the road. Colonel Tate was absent, but

---------------

*See Davis to Vance, November 1, p. 154.

---------------

+See October 2, p. 106.

