
Colonel Pritchard, the chief engineer, was at Demopolis. I stated my business and told him I had been directed by you to aid him in getting as many hands as were needed for the speedy completion of the work. I was gratified to learn that a number of the planters had returned their hands, and that he had procured other hands to supply the places of those who did not return. There are hands enough on the road to finish the grading and lay down the iron as fast as the bridges and trestle work can be completed, so that I was relieved from the necessity and trouble of raising hands. The president and engineer insisted that I should go with them along the road, see the contractors, and show the importance of a speedy completion of their contracts. This I did, and induced one of the bridge builders to increase the number of workmen. He has the largest bridge to erect. It will be at least four or five weeks before the road will be completed. The trip along the road was very rough, and I had to take it on horseback nearly to Meridian. I will be in Montgomery next week. I am delayed here to have the cotton I loaned to the Government weighted, sampled, and delivered.

With great respect, yours, &amp;c.,

A. B. MOORE.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. ND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 78. Richmond, October 28, 1862.

I. Commandants of posts, when consulted by officers of the telegraph companies as to the propriety of sending a message, will advise against it-

1. When it relates to the movements of troops.

2. When it relates to the position of particular corps.

3. When it gives information from which the movements and strength of the armies of the Confederate States, or any portion of them, can be inferred.

* * * * *

III. General hospitals are under the authority of the local commanding officers, but their general management and the medical officers thereof should be left to the control of the senior surgeon and medical director, to be interfered with by the commanding officer only in special cases, which will be referred to the commander of the department.

IV. Inasmuch as the regulations concerning the issue of commissary stores have been violated by issuing the same to civilians, hereafter all issue of subsistence not warranted by the regulations are positively prohibited.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

BROOK HAVEN, October 29, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH:

I am making every effort to get conscripts and forwarding them without delay. I am annoyed very much by partisan rangers. They are doing little or no service, and complained of by the whole community as well as the army. They are made up almost entirely of conscripts, who, if taken from them, could be placed in the Army, where

