
[OCTOBER 30 to NOVEMBER 5, 1862. - For correspondence between Davis, Pickens, Randolph, and Chesnut, in relation to the acceptance of certain South Carolina State troops, see Series I, VOL. LIII, pp. 262-265.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 30, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD:

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 194, headquarters Department of South Carolina and Georgia, under date Charleston, October 16, 1862, I proceeded to Columbus, Ga., on the night of the 16th instant, with a view to the discharge of the duties therein devolved. Having performed the duties therein assigned I have the honor to submit the following report:

After a formal and official demand upon the president of [the Bank of] Columbus for the surrender of the coin of the Bank of Louisiana, he declined upon the ground that it was a personal trust and that he had no right to yield it. This left me no alternative, and I at once took possession of the bank, placing my guard at each entrance. After consultation with his friends the president of the Bank of Columbus consented to surrender the coin without compelling me to use military force. I then made a requisition for transportation and brought it under guard to Augusta, Ga., turned it over to T. S. Metcalf, Government depositary at Augusta, took his receipt in duplicate, and repaired to these headquarters.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. G. RICE,

Aide-de-Camp.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Alexandria, La., October 31, 1862.

President DAVIS:

SIR: The State of Louisiana has had in operation for two years a military academy, the prescribed ages of admission for cadets being fifteen to twenty-one years. Large and costly buildings have been erected and magnificent salaries are given to the professors, the superintendent receiving a salary larger than that of the same officer at West Point. Of the cadets now on the rolls only three are over eighteen-Charles F. Buck, L. G. Fernandez, and P. Carmouche. All the older cadets left at the commencement of the war and are in the Confederate Army. The Governor now requests that you will exempt these three cadets from conscription. The supervisors of the academy have requested the Governor, who is ex officio their president, to ask of you the exemption of all cadets from conscription, as well those who may hereafter enter as those now matriculated. The Governor directs me to say that he does not make that request because it would afford unpatriotic and unchivalric youths a shield from the rendition of their service, now so much needed by their country. The spirit displayed by the whole body of cadets is admirable, and it is proper to remark the three cadets whose exemption is asked are poor boys whose education is provided by the State and who are dependent entirely on this opportunity for completing it. The reason, however, for asking their exemption is that they are officers in the corps, necessary for its effective organization. The Governor has charged me

