
to say further that he wishes you to consider the request of the supervisors for the exemption of all cadets as formerly laid before you, but without his recommendation. This letter would be signed by His Excellency as usual but for his absence with General Taylor on an exploration of the river-bank for sites for fortifications. News of a disaster below reached us last night. The Federals landed near Donaldsonville 2,500 strong, and attacked our forces, consisting of Eighteenth, Twenty-fourth (both together numbering 600), and Thirty-third, and defeated us. The fight occurred near Napoleon, and the last-named regiment ran incontinently. General Mouton has withdrawn to BRASHER.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. C. MANNING,

Aide-de-Camp.

[First indorsement.]

To Secretary of War.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

To ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Exempt the three cadets specially recommended by the Governor, but not future cadets. That would only tempt the timid as to an asylum.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 81. Richmond, November 1, 1862.

I. The payment of commissioned officers by any other quartermaster than the quartermaster of the command to which they belong is hereby prohibited, unless they exhibit to the quartermaster to whom application for payment is made orders from their commanding officers, or from the Department, showing them to be absent on detached duty, or leaves of absence from the commanding general under whom they are serving.

II. The following will be the organization of a company of light artillery, according to the number of guns composing the battery, viz:

For a battery of six guns: One captain, 2 first lieutenants, 2 second lieutenants, 1 sergeant-major or first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 6 sergeants, 12 corporals, 2 buglers or trumpeters, 1 guidon, 2 artificers, 64 to 125 privates.

For a battery of four guns: One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 2 second lieutenants, 1 sergeant-major or first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 buglers, 1 guidon, 2 artificers, 64 to 125 privates.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., November 1, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will please find copies of two letters, one from Stanley to me and my reply. I send them both because I think

