
of their power tender me every aid in carrying out the orders of the Department.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieut. Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 25, 1862.

Hon. JAMES CHESNUT,

Chief of Military, South Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in conformity with the proposition submitted by Colonel Elford, the Confederate Government will accept and retain for local defense the four regiments of State troops commanded by Colonels Cash, Elford, Witherspoon, and Ryan with their officers, and will suffer them to be filled to their maximum with men over forty years of age. The men from thirty-five to forty years of age will be withdrawn from those regiments and, together with the conscripts in the seven remaining regiments of State troops, will be placed in the South Carolina regiments which were in service on the 16th of April last. The seven regiments will be disbanded.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Columbia, S. C., October 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor PICKENS and

THE EXECUTIVE COUNCIL OF SOUTH CAROLINA:

I have the honor to inform you that I have received orders from the Secretary of War to enroll all men between the ages of eighteen and forty years, under the act of Congress approved the - day of October, 1862. To facilitate this enrollment I respectfully ask that an order by issued by authority of the State requiring all militia officers to make returns to the enrolling officers of the names of all persons liable to conscription under the act cited, and also requiring the militia officers to arrest and deliver to the enrolling officers persons so returned who refuse or delay to report to the enrolling officers. I would further respectfully ask that the sheriffs of the State be required to give all aid in effecting the enrollment and delivering the conscripts to the enrolling officers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. PRESTON,

Lieut. Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

EXECUTIVE COUNCIL CHAMBER,

Columbia, October 31, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON,

Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that upon your application to the Governor and Council, they have instructed the adjutant-general to issue an order requiring militia officers to make returns for enrollment of all persons in their respective beats subject to Confederate

