
full supplies to January, and a fatal error to rely on full supplies after that time in any quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. RUFFIN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

GENERAL ORND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 82. Richmond, November 3, 1862.

I. The following acts of Congress and regulations are published for the information of all concerned: *

(No. 17.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to provide further for the public defense," approved April 16, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact. That the President by and he is hereby authorized to call out and place in the military service of the Confederate States for three years, unless the war should have been sooner ended, all white men, who are residents of the Confederate States, between the ages of thirty-five and forty-five years, at the time the call or calls may be made, and who are not, at such time or times, legally exempted from military service, or such part thereof as, in his judgment, may be necessary to the public defense, such call or calls to be made under the provisions and according to the terms of the act to which this is an amendment; and such authority shall exist in the President during the present war, as to all persons who now are or may hereafter become eighteen years of age; and, when once enrolled, all persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five shall serve their full time: Provided, That if the President, in calling out troops into the service of the Confederate States, shall first call for only a part of the persons between the ages thereinbefore stated, he shall call for those between the ages of thirty-five and any other age less than forty-five: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be understood as repealing or modifying any part of the act to which this is amendatory, except as herein expressly stated: And provided further, That those called out under this act, and the act to which this is an amendment, shall be first and immediately ordered to fill to their maximum number the companies, battalions, squadrons and regiments from the respective States at the time the act to further provide for the public defense, approved sixteenth April, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, was passed, and the surplus, if any, shall be assigned to organizations formed from each State since the passage of that act, or placed in new organizations to be officered by the State having such residue, according to the laws thereof, or disposed of as now provided by law: Provided, That the President is authorized to suspend the execution of this act, or the act to which this is an amendment, in any locality where he may find it impracticable to execute the same, and that in such locality, and during said suspension, the President is authorized to receive troops into the Confederate service, under any of the acts passed by the Confederate Congress prior to the passage of the act to provide further for the public defense, approved sixteenth April, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

Approved September 27, 1862.

(No. 53.)

AN ACT to exempt certain persons from military duty, and to repeal an act entitled "An act to exempt certain persons from enrollment for service in the Army of the Confederate States," approved 21st April, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all persons who shall be held unfit for military service in the field, by reason of bodily or mental incapacity or imbecility, under rules to be prescribed by the Secretary of War; the Vice President of the Confederate States; the officers, judicial and executive, of

---------------

*For the first act embodied in this order (but here omitted), see "An act to further provide for the public defense," approved April 16, 1862, published in General Orders, No. 30, Adjutant-General's Office, VOL. I, this series, p. 1095.

---------------

