
desiring to receive conscripts may transmit, through the Adjutant and Inspector General of the Army, statements of the strength of their commands to the commandant of conscripts in their respective States, who, unless otherwise ordered, will, as far as practicable, distribute the conscripts of the State among its regiments, battalions, and companies thereof, in proportion to their respective deficiencies. He will consult the wishes of the conscripts in assigning them to companies or regiments so far as may be consistent with their proper distribution, and will not separate men from the same county, district, or parish if it can be avoided. The same rule will be observed by the commandants of corps in assigning conscripts to companies.

6. Conscripts for cavalry will only be taken from those who furnish their own horses. No conscripts can be assigned to companies mustered into service since the 16th of April, 1862.

7. The commandants of conscripts are specially enjoined to pay unceasing attention to the health, comfort, and instruction of the conscripts under their command, and to bear in mind that the efficiency of the Army and the safety of the county depend in a great measure upon their faithful discharge of these duties.

III. Enrollment of conscripts.

All white male residents of the Confederate States between the ages of eighteen and forty, not exempted by act of Congress or not already in the service, will be enrolled. Persons liable to enrollment may be enrolled wherever they may be found, as provided by the act No. 42, herewith published.

IVoreigners.

1. Foreigners not domiciled in the Confederate States are not liable to enrollment. Domicile in the Confederate States consists in residence with intention permanently to remain in those States and to abandon domicile elsewhere. Long residence, of itself, does not constitute domicile. A person may acquire domicile in less than one year, and he may not acquire it in twenty years' residence. If there be a determination to return to the native country and to retain the domicile there, no length of residence can confer domicile. The principal evidences of intention to remain are the declarations of the party, the exercise of rights of citizenship, marriage, and the acquisition of real estate; but the intention may be gathered from other facts.

2. The enrollment will be made by the enrolling officers of the State, if the Governor thereof will permit them to act under the orders of the commandant for such permission. If it be declined, the commandant will report the fact to the Adjutant and Inspector General and ask for the employment of Confederate officers for the purpose of making enrollments. If the Governor consent, but the enrolling officers of the State be found unable or unwilling to discharge their duty efficiently, the like application will be made to the Adjutant and Inspector General; and in such event a commissioned officer for each Congressional district and a non-commissioned officer or private for each county, city, town, district, or parish will be assigned to such duty. In making such assignment officers and men disabled by wounds from active duty in the field and acquainted in the localities in which they are required to serve will, as far as practicable, be selected. The commissioned officer in each district will superintend the enrollments and collection of conscripts therein. Non-commissioned officers and privates while so employed will be allowed pay as extra-duty men. The enrolling officers of the States, if em-

