
ployed, will be paid the compensation allowed by the State laws for similar services. The commanding generals of armies in the field will order such commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates as they think qualified to be enrolling officers or drill officers, and who are unfit for active service in the field, to report to the commandant of conscripts in their respective States, who will order such of them to duty as may be required, and report the remainder by letter to the commanding general as not needed for such service.

3. Enrollments for particular regiments, squadrons, battalions, and companies in service on the 16th of April, 1862, may be made by officers detailed for the purpose by the commanding general of a department or an army in the field; but such officers must report to the commandant of conscripts in their respective States, receive instructions from him, and assemble their conscripts at such point as he may designate. Conscripts enrolled without reporting to such commandant will be deemed to be enrolled for general service, and shall at any time by transferred on their own application, or on the application of commandants of corps needing conscripts, to such corps.

V. Exemptions.

The exemption act will be constructed prospectively, and does not authorize the discharge of any one enrolled or in service prior to the 11th day of October, 1862.

VI. Bodily and mental infirmities.

1. Question of bodily and mental incapacity will be decided by surgeons employed for the purpose, by virtue of the act of Congress approved on the 11th of October, 1862. Three surgeons of each Congressional district will be recommended by the commandants of conscripts to the Adjutant and Inspector General for employment under the foregoing act, and the said commandants will establish in each county, city, parish, or district a place of rendezvous for the examination of conscripts enrolled therein.

2. The three surgeons employed in each Congressional district will constitute a board of examination for the district, and one or more of them may act at any place of rendezvous therein. They shall fix days for the examination of conscripts in y, parish, or district, and give at least ten days' notice thereof by publication in one or more newspapers circulating in the Congressional district and by notice posted at the principal places of public resort.

3. The enrolling officer for the county, city, parish, or district shall attend at such examinations, and enroll and send to the camp of instruction such persons as are examined and found by the surgeon to be incapable of bearing arms; the standard of bodily capacity shall be that established by General Orders, No. 58, modified by the omission of the third paragraph, which authorized the enrollment of persons not equal to all military duty. No person will be enrolled as a conscripts who is not capable of baring arms. 4. Persons deemed incapable of bearing arms shall be reported by the examining surgeon to the Board of Examination, who shall determine the questions of exemption and grant certificates thereof. The certificates shall specify whether the incapacity is temporary or permanent; and if permanent the party shall be exempt from future examination, unless specially ordered by the Board. So soon as the examining board shall be organized in any Congressional district and shall enter upon the discharge of their duties, no other mode of examination for persons in that district will be pursued, and the decision of the Examining Board will be deemed final.

