
5. The fact that a person has been discharged from service for physical disability or other cause does not of itself exempt from enrollment as a conscript.

6. If any enrolled person is unable to attend at the rendezvous on account of sickness he will send to the examining surgeon a certificate specifying the cause of absence and its probable duration from some respectable physician resident in the county, duty, parish, or district in which the rendezvous is situated. The examining surgeon shall send the certificate to the commandant of the nearest camp of instruction, and if the therein shall not report himself for examination at the said camp within a reasonable period, or send to the commandant of the camp a renewal of the certificate showing this continued disability, he shall be deemed absent without leave.

7. A compensation of $4 per diem while actually employed will be allowed to each of the examining surgeons, and will be paid on their certified account by the quartermaster of the nearest camp of instruction.

VII. Friends, Dunkards, Nazarenes, and Mennonites.

All persons of the above denominations in regular membership therein on the 11th day of October, 1862, shall be exempt from enrollment on furnishing a substitute, or on presenting to the enrolling officer a receipt from a bonded quartermaster for the tax of $500 imposed by act of Congress and an affidavit by the bishop, presiding elder, or other officer whose duty it is to preserve the records of membership in the denomination to which the party belongs, setting forth distinctly the fact that the party on the 11th of October, 1862, was in regular membership with such denomination. The affidavit must be taken and certified by a justice of the peace or other officer appointed by the law of his State to administer oaths, and his authority to administer oaths must be certified by the clerk of a court of record under the seal of the court. All assistant quartermasters to whom the said tax is tendered will receive and receipt for it, and pay the same into the Treasury of the Confederate States without unreasonable delay. The enrolling officer will receive the receipt and forward it to the commandant of conscripts, by whom it will be forwarded to the Quartermaster-General, who will charge the assistant quartermaster with the amount received by him.

VIII. Provision against extortion.

1. When application for exemption is made by any shoemaker, tanner, blacksmith, wagon-maker, miller, mill engineer, or millwright not in the employment of any company or establishment, but working for himself, the party seeking exemption shall state in writing under oath that he is skilled and actually employed in his said trade; that he is habitually engaged in working for the public; that the products of his labor, while exempt from military service, shall not be sold, exchanged, or bartered for a price exceeding the cost of production and 75 per cent. profit thereon, and that he will not by any arrangement, shift, or contrivance evade the law or receive a greater price or reward than it allows.

2. Where application is made to exempt superintendents and operatives in wool and cotton factories and paper mills, and superintendents and managers of wool-carding machines, shoemakers, tanners, blacksmiths, wagon-makers, millers, mill engineers, or mill-wrights not working for themselves, but in the employment of some company or establishment, the president or some director, if the company be incorporative; if not, the proprietor of the business, or

