
X. To whom applications for exemption must be addressed.

Applications for exemption must in all cases be made to the enrolling officer, from whose decision an appeal may be taken to the commandant of conscripts. The Department will not consider the application until it has been referred by the latter officer.

XI. Substitutes.

1. When a person claims exemption on the ground that he has put a substitute in service, he must exhibit to the enrolling officer a discharge from some company, signed by the commanding officer of the regiment or command to which the said company belongs, or then belonged (see General Orders, No. 26), or an exemption signed by the commandant of conscripts; and if the said discharge or exemption do not show that it was granted in consideration of a substitute having been furnished, such fact must be certified in writing by the commanding officer of the regiment or command to which he company belongs or by the commandant of conscripts, as the case may be. but in all cases arising within thirty days from the date of this order the enrolling officer may grant the exemption upon satisfactory proof that the party furnished a substitute who was actually received into the service of the Confederate States for three years of the war, and the substitute is not liable to military service. Such exemption may at any time be canceled if fraud or mistake is discovered.

2. Paragraph II, General Orders, No. 29, current series, is hereby revoked. No person under eighteen years of age or not domiciled in the Confederate States, or not of good moral character, or who is liable under the existing order to enrollment as a conscripts shall be received as a substitute. And in all cases in which a substitute becomes subject to military service the exemption of the principal, by reason of the substitution, shall expire. Any person subject to enrollment who desires to furnish a substitute at such camp and if the substitute be capable of bearing arms and be of good moral charactn the prohibited classes he shall be received, and the principal shall be exempt from military service.

XII. Volunteering.

All persons liable to conscription may before enrollment volunteer in companies in service on the 16th of April, 1862, but after enrollment they cannot volunteer, nor can they at any time volunteer in companies received into service since the 16th of April, 1862.

XIII. Miscellaneous.

1. All impressments of men by regimental, battalion, or company commanders, under any pretense whatever, are prohibited, it being the design of the Department to supply the Army exclusively through the officers appointed by this act.

2. All the laws and regulations applicable to deserters shall be applied to such conscripts as fail to repair to the place of rendezvous for enrollment, or who shall desert after enrollment.

3. All the agencies employed for the apprehension and confinement of deserters, and their transportation to the commands of respective commander, shall be applicable to persons liable to duty as conscripts who shall fail to repair to the place of rendezvous after the publication of the call.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

