
department. The knowledge of the release of the Osceola has already brought two applications for the release of vessels occupying similar status, which I consider I have no power to release until authorized to do so by the Honorable the Secretary of the Treasury, to whom I have submitted this matter for his instructions by telegraph this day.

With your knowledge of the law it is hardly necessary to observe that even if trading with the enemy in extraordinary cases is assumed by the military authority, the revenue laws are subjected alone to the authority of Congress, and I am sure you will agree with me in adding that entire harmony and co-operation between the War and Treasury Departments, so essential to the public service and interests, is most likely to be secured by a frank understanding of their respective rights and obligations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

[Inclosure.]

List of vessels seized and under custody at this date.

PONCHATOULA, November 5, 1862.

F. Marquez, Jr., Confidence, Descada, Livingston with cargo, Fruitier with cargo, Victoria with cargo, Arundel with cargo, Ann McGinn with cargo, General Worth, Sarah Jane, Henry McGinn, Fontainebleau, Shepherdess, Barbe Silvery, Eclair, Osceola, Bone, Emma Emilia, Johnson, Georgia, Victory, Carolina, Eclard, Mabel, Jenny Swaine, Locust Tree, barge Georgia, Ark, Blum, Joinville-seized for coming from the enemy with enemy's papers.

The first two were released by Lieutenant-Colonel Bradwell, the second by order of General Buggles. I have ordered the release of the Georgia on the deposit of here value, $2,000.

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

RICHMOND, November 7, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The commercial firm of Charles A. Barriere &amp; Brother, of New Orleans, composed of Charles A. Barriere, a resident of Parish, France, and Francois G. Barriere, a resident of New Orleans, both French citizens, proposes to furnish to the Confederate Government 10,000 sacks of salt, to be delivered, say, 10,000 sacks at Ponchatoula landing, 20,000 sacks at Natchez landing, and 70,000 sacks at Vicksburg landing, or all at the latter place. The salt to be furnished at cost and expenses incurred in transportation and delivery and difference of exchange. The proper vouchers of cost and expenses will be furnished to the agent of the Government who is to receive and pay for the salt as delivered.

The Confederate Government will grant permission to Charles A. Barriere & Brother to purchase for each 10,000 sacks to salt delivered 1,000 bales of cotton from planters or other persons having the same for sale, which cotton is to be shipped on board European vessels in the Mississippi River within the Confederate lines, say not below Donaldsonville, the vessels's cargo not to be overhauled or touch at

