
New Orleans or any other port in possession of the enemy, but to proceed direct to a French port.

The Confederate Government obligates itself to cause the steamboats, vessels, and cargoes of salt and cotton to be protected within its lines and not to be unnecessarily detained.

The commercial firm of Charles A. Barriere &amp; Brother will furnish the certificates of the French consul of the clearances of the vessels to a French port and give guarantee of the faithful execution of this proposition.

Respectfully,

C. A. BARRIERE & BROTHER,

Per CHARLES JONES, Agent.

RICHMOND, November 7, 1862.

Hon. GEH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The commercial firm of Charles A. Barriere & Brother, of New Orleans, composed of Charles A. Barriere, a resident of Parish, France, and Francois G. Barriere, a resident of New Orleans, both being French citizens, proposes to furnish the Confederate Government with the following list of articles; to wit: One million pounds, more or less, of bacon or pork; 100,000 pairs of blankets; 100,000 pairs of shoes and boots; 100,000 yards of flannel. The above list will be furnished at cost and actual expenses of transportation and delivery; adding the difference in exchange. An invoice of the articles and vouchers of cost will furnished. The articles to be delivered either at Ponchatoula landing or Port Hudson landing, or at the Vicskburg landing, and are to be immediately received by a Government agent at the landing, and paid for.

In consideration of receiving the articles at cost and charges, the Confederate Government allows Charles A. Barriere & Brother the privilege of purchasing, with the proceeds of the sale to them (the Government), cotton from any planter or person having the same for sale.

The Confederate Government obligates itself to protect the boats and vessels transporting the articles within its lines; the cotton to be shipped on board European vessels, at any point between Donaldsonville and Vicksburg, or may be transported by steam-boats to the vessels; the vessels will be allowed to be towed by steam-boats up and down the river, and when the cargo is on board the vessels will not be allowed to touch at New Orleans or any port in the possession of the enemy, nor will the cargo be overhauled, but to proceed directly to a French port.

Charles A. Barriere & Brother will furnish the certificate of the French consul as to the clearance of the vessels, as well as procure his guarantee of protection, and that they go to a French port. We will further contract to furnish 50,000 barrels of flour and 10,000 sacks of coffee, to be delivered at the above designated points. If desirable by the Government, we will extend the contract of the above deliveries so as to meet its wants to a much greater degree.

Respectfully,

C. A. BARRIERE & BROTHER,

Per CHARLES JONES, Agent.

