
[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 13, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the President for his consideration. The parties are not known to the Secretary.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 14, 1862.

The objection to this is to proposed shipment to a port in the possession of the enemy. If the supplies can be obtained free from this objection it should be done. The letter of the Governor of Mississippi, referred some days since, would indicate that supplies might be obtained through a channel not subject to the above objection. As a last resort, we might be justified in departing from the declared policy in regard to exports, but the necessity should be absolute.

J. D.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 8, 1862.

His Excellency J. G. SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 31st ultimo* and have the honor to say in reply that the eight car-loads of salt per day transported for Stuart, Buchanan &amp; Co., of Saltville, are under their contract for the supply of the Army. The Confederate Government has never attempted to exercise any control over the railroads of the country further than to claim a preference in the transportation of munitions and supplies for the Army. Conscious, however, that the Government transportation interferes with the commerce of the country, and desirous of avoiding such interference, the Department is now engaged in selecting a superintendent of railroad transportation, who will be charged with the duty of regulating it so far as the power of the Government extends. The Department will most cheerfully do what it can to facilitate the transportation of salt for the Southern States, and will be especially happy to aid Your Excellency in supplying the people of your patriotic State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 10, 1862.

His Excellency Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: In consequence of threatened attack on our railroad connections in the eastern portions of North Carolina and Virginia, and our inability at present to withdraw from the Army of Northern Virginia re-enforcement sufficiently large to secure those connections, it is considered very important to complete the Danville and Greensborough connection as speedily as possible. The Piedmont Railroad Company is now working 800 hands on the road and proposes to hire about

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 384.

---------------

