
attached to the camp, the enrolling officers suggested by the Secretary and five others will be amply sufficient for the duty. I would venture most respectfully to suggest that there are many officers of the line who are in feeble health, but competent to enrolling service, who might be detached and thus save the necessity of any appointments. One such the Secretary recommended, and he is now engaged in that duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieut. Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP RANDOLPH,Decatur, Ga., November 12, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to report that supreme court of this State has unanimously decided that the conscript act is clearly constitutional. The case was taken up by my order by Captain Mark H. Blandford, of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, temporarily assigned to duty at this camp. I am also advised from reliable sources that a very insignificant minority of the General Assembly of the State approve of the late action of the Executive, and that a rigid enforcement of the law will meet with general favor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. WEEMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, November 12, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: My last communication was under date of the 13th ultimo in original per Leopard, and duplicate per Scotia, since which the Kate has arrived with dates to the 31st ultimo, but brought me no letters. The Kate is loaded and will sail early in the morning. Her cargo consists chiefly of blankets, flannels, &amp;c., and as these are so greatly needed at home, I have refrained from pressing any Government freight, especially as there is but little left of the Melita's cargo. I am informed that field artillery is not wanted at home, and hence shall retain the batteries ex Bahama, but intend having the harness removed and shipping it by the Herald or Leopard, both of which are expected within a few days.

While on this subject I would solicit your attention to my letter of the 26th July last in reference to the battery shipped per Columbia, and the other one which is now in shore. You may remember that the evidence of ownership as disclosed was not quite conclusive to my mind, but if it be really Government property I presume you would like to have the harness taken off and shipped. I shall await your directions on this point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

12 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

