
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., November 13, 1862.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury:

DEAR SIR: I applied two weeks ago for $250,000 in Confederate bonds to send abroad for the purchase of shoes, &amp;c. I thought I could certainly get them, inasmuch as the Confederate Government owes this State near $5,000,000 or $6,000,000. I have sent two special agents for them, but have been put off for the reason that the papers were not in form, &c. As the vessel was about to sail in which my agent was going, [I] instructed my agent to ask for the bonds anyhow, and to say that any papers would be signed afterward that might be required by the forms of the Department. This was refused also, and my agent has probably lost the vessel. I am compelled, sir, to complain of such treatment. It displays either an incompetency on the part of your subordinates or an unwillingness to accommodate me with the bonds, which I would not have and do not want after my agent has gone. I would feel obliged, sir, if you would investigate the matter and see if there is any reason for the failure to accommodate me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[NOVEMBER 13, 1862. - For Lubbock to Davis, reporting over sixty regiments in the Confederate service from Texas and requesting a suspension of the conscript law in that State, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 833.]

RICHMOND, VA., November 15, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH:

SIR: I have this moment received yours of this date notifying me that you resign the office of Secretary of War and leave the Assistant Secretary in charge of the office. As you have thus without notice and in terms excluding inquiry retired from the post of a constitutional adviser of the Executive of the Confederacy, nothing remains but to give you this formal notice of the acceptance of your resignation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., November 15, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH:

SIR: Your proposition to the Governor of South Carolina would be acceptable to me if there were enough men in Mississippi liable to military duty to form the regiments. When the President made the last call on Mississippi for seven regiments for the war fifteen were furnished, including Colonel Starke's cavalry and Colonel Withers' regiment of artillery. This, with the continued recruiting for Mississippi regiments heretofore formed, has so drained the State of here male population that it will be impossible to raise four regiments after taking men between thirty-five and forty into Confederate service. I propose that three regiments of infantry and one of cavalry,

