
The evidence is not complete, but it seems sufficient to enable me to ask your interference. Mr. Sorley, who writes the inclosed letter, is the collector of customs at Galveston and the depositary for Texas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, July 26, 1862.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond:

SIR: I learn from Captain William M. Armstrong, of Colonel Debray's regiment mounted Texas troops, that on his way to this city he saw posted at the post-office in Nacogdoches, Tex., an order from Brigadier Gen. H. e. McCulloch, addressed to the collectors of the Confederate war tax, instructing them not to pay over the funds in their hands to any person whatever, except to persons authorized by him to receive it, under penalty of being deemed enemies and traitors. Mr. Jack Davis, who is now in this city, as bearer of dispatches from General McCulloch to the War Department, confirms this statement, and adds that under the order General McCulloch has collected from $100,000 to $150,000. As you have given orders to the collectors of the war tax giving another direction to the disposition of the funds, I deem it my duty to communicate the above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES SORLEY,

Depositary of Galveston, Tex.

NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, July 26, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Inclosed you will find duplicate of my last communication of the 19th instant per Hero. * The steamer Herald arrived here yesterday and the steamer Kate to-day, but brought me no letters. The former was fired into by the Yankee gun-boat Adirondack in sight of Nassau; that is, only five miles from shore. It appears that the laster must have been close to the island during the night, and at daybreak steamed off, which deceived the Herald, then coming in, into the belief that she was a British man-of-war. Under this impression the Herald approached within a quarter of a mile of the Yankee, when the latter opened fire and threw a number of shot and shell at her. The Herald was struck three times, but sustained no injury. Captain Hickley, of Her Majesty's ship Greyhound, got up steam and sent off a boat bearing a written protest against this infringement of neutral and maritime rights. The captain of the Yankee responded by citing Vattel and other writers on international law, and maintained that he had committed no trespass, the firing having been done beyond the prescribed distance of one league. Here the matter rests, but reference will be had to the home authorities. Subsequently the Adirondack came into the outside anchorage and fired two salutes, one of which was responded to from shore and the other from the

---------------

*See p. 8.

---------------

