
Greyhound. This afternoon application was made to the Governor for permission on the part of the Yankee to coal to an extent sufficient to take he to Hampton Roads. I have not been able to learn the Governor's decision. In addition to the numerous outrages recently perpetrated by the enemy I will mention the capture of the British brig Lilla, from Liverpool for Nassau with an assorted cargo, including 200 tons of saltpeter. She was taken off the Hole-in-the-Wall and has been carried into Boston. England has shown a degree of patience under these repeated aggressions for which hitherto she has not received due credit.

In relation tot he steamer Columbia, of which I wrote you on the 28th ultimo, Mr. T. F. Smith, another agent of S. Isaac, Campbell &amp; Co., and of Mr. T. Stirling Begley, the owner of the vessel, has informed me that by the last mail he received intelligence that the entire cargo was the property of the Confederate States Government. He read to me an property of the Confederate States Government. He read to me an extract from a letter of Mr. Begley under date of July 1, to the following effect:

You will at once deliver the cargo of the Columbia to any known representative of the Confederate Government, taking a receipt for the same, so that I shall obtain payment here, as there may be no funds in Nassau to pay for the same.

The Columbia has unloaded about one-half of her cargo, and the portion remaining on board consists of the following: One battery of eight guns, caissons, limbers, &c. ; two mountain howitzers, with saddle and harness complete; one forge, complete; one reserve wagon and harness, complete; 2,500 shells and fuses. Mr. Smith stated that his object was to obtain my approval of the shipment of the above per Columbia to the Confederate States. I replied that the extract from the letter above cited was not conclusive evidence to my mind of ownership, though it would certainly bear that interpretation; but that if it was the property of the Government I had no hesitation in letting it go forward, the rate of freight to be fixed at home. He asked for a receipt for the remainder of the cargo, which I agreed to give, but in such a shape as not to commit the Government to the ownership of the same. I presume that ere the receipt of this you will have been apprised of the change, if it has really taken place. I have no other information on the subject.

By the Herald and Kate I shall send further supplies of arms and munitions, but will reserve the cannon until I hear from you. Messrs. John Fraser & Co. write that the supply of field artillery is fully adequate.

The testimony in the case of the Preto has been concluded, and I am unable to discover a particle of evidence that can condemn her. The argument of counsel will take place on the 30th, so that by the 1st proximo we will have the decision. It will be favorable.

We have all read with feelings of intense interest the details of the great battles before Richmond. It is needless to say that these signal successes have produced the most beneficial influence on the public mind here. They cannot fail also to create a powerful impression in Europe. With 18 pence for cotton in Liverpool and a stock adequate only to a few weeks' ordinary consumption, the screw will be tightened to a degree that must inevitably give rise to the very gravest apprehensions, and the British ministry will find it difficult to resist the clamor for immediate recognition and subsequent mediation, to use the new expression for intervention.

I must call your attention to what I conceive to be a most unpatriotic procedure and gross exaction on the part of our pilots. Four of

