
all will be well. In our intercourse with the authorities of our young Confederacy, having demanded firmly the rights which are due our State, let us yield them no grudging support, but in all things pertaining to the general weal sustain and strengthen them without whole hearts. And in all our official acts let us remember that it is the spirit of the people which tyrants cannot subdue. On this depends all. So long as they continue harmonious, willing, self-sacrificing the united armies of this continent may be hurled against us in vain; with such a country and such a people we might set them at defiance. Our heroic soldiers, shivering in their rags and splashing with their naked feet through the snows, have already, even through the chronicles of our foes, excited the wondering admiration of the world and the great generals and brave people beyond the distant waters of the for their rights. Let us them, and by zeal and secretion displayed for the general good show the world that we are worthy to preside over these gallant and patriotic men.

Remember, lastly, that you are laboring for the very salvation of our people. The bitter cup that our captured cities and districts have had to drink shows us, alas too plainly, the mercy we are to expect if our Abolition foes should overcome us. In the bitterness of their baffled rage they have even shown a determination to re-enact the horrors of Saint Domingo, and to let loose the hellish passions of servile insurrection to revel int he desolation of our homes. The people of the next generation will bless the memory of those who, whether in the field or the council, helped to rescue their country from these horrors. Let us labor to deserve their praise, and may the blessing of God attend our soldiers and our statesmen, who are struggling to defend a noble people and a noble cause.

Z. B. VANCE.

[NOVEMBER 17, 1862. - For Smith to Cooper, in reference to the enforcement of the conscript act in East Tennessee, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XX, Part II, p. 405.]

NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, November 17, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary War Department, Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: My friends, Messrs. S. Isaac, Campbell & Co., of London, instructed me to address you proposals to furnish clothing and equipments for 100,000 men, deliverable at Bermuda or Nassau, which have failed to reach you owing to the capture of the vessel by which they were forwarded. I now take the opportunity to repeat the proposals to the following effect:

Messrs. S. Isaac, Campbell & Co., request me to state that there exists now greater facilities for procuring the materials required by the Confederate Government than prevailed in the early part of the war, when they were scarce and difficult to procure. Under these circumstances they feel confident of their ability to give satisfaction to the Department in respect to the quality of the equipments and the dispatch with which they can be completed, which they would be able to accomplish in about there months from receipt of order.

My friends have taken into consideration the difficulty experienced by the Confederate Government in placing funds in Europe in the

