
present state of affairs, and propose to execute the order on terms of payment which they judge will be acceptable to your Department and greatly facilitate your Government and promote its success in the struggle in which it is engaged. The order in question will occasion the outlay of a large amount of ready money, and Messrs. S. Isaac, Campbell &amp; Co. having up to this time advanced to the Government about 400,000 pounds, sterling, their active means are so far diminished as to require that some portion of the payment be made in cash or sterling bills of exchange.

Following my instructions, I beg leave at the same time to bring to your attention the state of the account between Messrs. S. Isaac, Campbell & Co. and the Government for equipments and other war material already furnished. They to understand the Government has matured plans for the issue of certificates for certain specified quantities of cotton, which are to be made applicable to the liquidation of debts contracted abroad for war material and for future purchases. The details of the measure are unknown to us, but we assume they are such as will be entirely acceptable, and accept them in advance of the information which you will greatly oblige by forwarding to me with your reply in duplicate by first steamer leaving for this port.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. W. HART.

[First indorsement.]

To Quartermaster-General for consideration and report.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 30, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

I have considered this communication, and submit that it contains nothing upon which to base a report. The proposal is to furnish clothing for 100,000 men, but no item of the cost of the clothing is presented. Major J. B. Ferguson, of the Quartermaster's Department, is now in Europe for the purpose of making purchases for the department. The parties can make their proposal directly to him, and he can best determine upon the expediency of accepting the proposition of these parties.

Respectfully,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 89. Richmond, November 18, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned, and will be observed by all enrolling officers:

(No. 29)

AN ACT to permit enlistments in the Navy and Marine Corps.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the passage of this act, any person subject to enrollment for military service under the acts of Congress providing for the public defense, shall be permitted to enlist in the Marine Corps at any time prior to being mustered into the Army of

