
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 90. Richmond, November 19, 1862.

I. Before going into action the chief of artillery of each army will make such disposition of the teams attached to the battery wagons and traveling forges as will render them most available for the purpose of securing artillery captured on the battle-field.

II. Medical directors and inspectors will forward to the office of the Surgeon-General copies of all circulars, and of all printed orders or instructions, and of all written orders of importance issued by them.

III. Details from corps in the field will only be granted for Government work, and in cases of urgent necessity for work under contract. In the case of details for contract work the consent of the men must be obtained, and the order detailing them will direct that their pay and allowances shall cease during the detail, and that in lieu thereof the contractors shall pay them full wages.

* * * * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

[November 19, 1862.]

At the opening of the second winter of the war between the Confederate States and the United States of America the State of North Carolina is under the necessity of applying in foreign markets for shoes and blankets. In common with other Southern States, North Carolina previously to this war relied for supplies of manufactured articles in a great measure upon the States with which it is now at war. Besides this, the necessity the State is in of throwing more than one-half of its men into the Army has compelled it to reduce within the narrowest limits its laborers in the various branches of peaceful industry. Under other circumstances North Carolina would have no difficulty in supplying all of its wants from its own resources; but now, in addition to what is said above, the very great naval superiority of the public enemy deprives its citizens of the usual resort of communities pressed by war, inasmuch as foreign merchants are debarred from that access to our markets which is usual, which at the present time would be so abundant a source of accommodating and profitable trade. The authorities of North Carolina therefore recur to the extraordinary course of sending commissioners abroad in order to purchase the articles which are needed. Being unable to procure exchange in quantities sufficient for their purpose, and the transmission of gold or cotton involving a double risk, they have decided to offer a pledge of the faith and credit of the State upon a loan of money to be obtained in Europe for the purpose above indicated. It is presumed that the general character of North Carolina for solvency and honor has been repeatedly canvassed and is now well established in the money markets of England, where the State has repeatedly heretofore negotiated its bonds with success. During all the period of its connection with the United States North Carolina was prompt in discharging every pecuniary liability. Although the present war

