
has of necessity prevented the State from remitting with regularity the interest accruing upon its public debt, its respect for those obligations and determination to keep its faith untouched remains the same. The value of the property belonging to its citizens and within its borders is recorded as more than $500,000,000 in value, of which the value of its slave property is about $200,000,000. The public debt is not quite $21,000,000. The debt of North Carolina is upon a footing very different Confederate States, and its payment is by no means dependent upon the successful issue of the present war. The returns of the census of 1860, which are yet unpublished, exhibit a marked increase in the growth of cotton in North Carolina, and it is probable that there are now within its limits belonging to its citizens 300,000 bales awaiting the reopening of commerce; besides it may reasonably be anticipated that the development of its mines of coal and iron which have recently been opened, and the products of which are just finding their way to market, will prove in future a very considerable item of wealth. The State of North Carolina proposes to repay any money which it may borrow under the commission herewith sent with interest at - per cent., payable semi-annually be remittances of cotton at market rates, to be effected at the earliest moment possible either during the war or after the return of peace, or the creditor may have an option of funding his debt in bonds of the State with interest as above, such bonds to be issued upon the return of peace and the option to be declared at the time of lending the money. The commission is intrusted to Messrs. John White and T. M. Crossan, and, in the absence of either, of necessity to the other.

Z. B. VANCE.

[NOVEMBER 19, 1862. - For Floyd to Randolph, proposing reforms in the methods of enforcing the conscript law, see Series I, VOL. XXI, p. 1022.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 91. Richmond, November 20, 1862.

The officers of the Quartermaster's Department charged with paying the troops are hereby prohibited from making payment to any general staff officer of the Provisional Army who does not exhibit the evidence of assignment to the appropriate command under which he claims payment, agreeably to paragraph I of General Orders, No. 48, current series.

A departure from this order will render the paying officer liable to stopPAGEto the amount of such payment, should it be found in the settlement of his account at the Treasury that he has disregarded this regulation. The large number of general staff officers of the Provisional Army who are without assignment to appropriate commands, including those of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, Quartermaster's Department, Commissary Department, and other departments of the general staff, renders it necessary to publish this order and to append to it the subjoined paragraph of General Orders, No. 48, above referred to, to wit:

The appointments of general officers and officers of the general staff in the Provisional Army being made special authority, and for specific objects, terminate with their commands, except in cases of assignment to other appropriate duties.

