
This order is not designed to affect those general staff officers who are temporarily absent on leave, or sick, while under proper assignment to their appropriate commands.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., November 20, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate to you an act of the General Assembly of Alabama to aid the Confederate Government in providing shoes for the Alabama soldiers in the Confederate Army, &amp;c., and respectfully request that you will inform me at an early day what extent of provision has been made by the Confederate Government for that purpose, and to what extent the aid Alabama will be desirable or acceptable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to aid the Confederate Government in providing shoes for the Alabama soldiers in the Confederate Army and to impress the materials suitable for such shoes.

SECTION. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That in view of the magnitude of the present war, and under the apprehension that the Confederate Government without the aid of this State cannot supply the troops from this State in the Confederate Army with shoes in due time, the sum of $250,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to enable the Governor to have 50,000 pairs of shoes manufactured of the soldiers from Alabama require.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That to facilitate the accomplishment of the object of this act the Governor shall communicate with the Confederate Government and inform the proper authority thereof of the motives which prompt the legislative provision for the partial supply of shoes for soldiers from Alabama, it being intended only as aid to the Confederate Government. To that end the Governor is hereby authorized to contract with the Confederate Government to accept all the shoes which he may furnish at such price as may be agreed on by him and the Confederate Government.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That in order that the Governor may obtain the quantity of shoes mentioned in the first section of this act without being subjected to delay or extortion, he is hereby authorized and empowered to take and impress for the public use, in such manner as he shall think proper, any shoes suitable for soldiers and any leather and any other materials suitable for making such shoes, in the possession of any person in this State, making just compensation thereof out of the money in the first section of this act appropriated.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That in all impressments under the provisions of this act due regard shall be had to the wants and

