
necessities of the locality in which any such impressment is made and the extent to and the price at which the party impressed has contributed to supply these wants and relieve these necessitiesthe amount of shoes and leather furnished the State or Confederate Government, and the prices at which the same has been furnished.

Approved November 19, 1862.

STATE OF ALABAMA, OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF WAR,

November 19, 1862.

I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the original act now on file in my office.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the great seal of the State at Montgomery this 19th day of November, A. D. 1862.

[SEAL.]

P. H. BRITTAN,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT to authorize the enrollment of the Creoles of Mobile.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That certain persons of mixed blood, residing in the city and county of Mobile, commonly known as Creoles, be, and the same are hereby, authorized to be enrolled as militia for the defense of the city and county of Mobile, if in the opinion of the mayor of the city it is expedient. SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the enrollment authorized by the first section of this act shall be made as follows, to wit: The mayor shall enroll such male Creoles between the ages of eighteen years and fifty years who wish to be enrolled. He shall then divide them into suitable companies, and appoint some discreet white man as commissioned officer to command said companies. Said companies shall be confined exclusively to the defense of the city and county of Mobile, and shall be under the command of the military authorities in the city of Mobile.

Approved November 20, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 92. Richmond, November 21, 1862.

The second clause of paragraph I, General Orders, No. 29, current series, is hereby amended to read as follows:

2. If the substitute be of good moral character, not within the prohibited classes, and, on examination by a surgeon or assistant surgeon of the Army, by pronounced capable of bearing arms, he may, upon the written consent of the company and regimental or battalion commander, provided the substitution can be effected without manifest injury to the public service, be enrolled and mustered into the company for three years, unless the war sooner terminates, and the non-commissioned officer or soldiers procuring him shall thereupon by discharged, but shall not be entitled to transportation at the expense of the Government.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

