
[NOVEMBER 21, 1862. - For Taylor to Randolph, relative to the execution of the conscript law in Louisiana, see Series I, VOL. XV, p. 872.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 93. Richmond, November 22, 1862.

I. The following acts of Congress, having been approved by the President, are published for the information of the Army:

(2.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sixth section of the act to provide for the public defense, approved on the sixth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be amended by adding after the words "brigades into divisions," the words "and divisions into army corps," and each army corps shall be commanded by a lieutenant-general, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall receive the pay of brigadier-general.

Approved September 18, 1862.

(3.)

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of additional officers of artillery for ordnance duties.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may appoint seventy officers of artillery in the Provisional Army, for the performance of ordnance duties, in addition to those authorized by the act entitled "An act to authorize the appointment of officers of artillery in the Provisional Army," approved April twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and that from the whole number of artillery officers appointed to discharge ordnance duties there shall be one with the rank of lieutenant-colonel for each command composed of more than one army corps, one with the rank of major for each army corps composed of more than one division, and the residue with the rank of captain and first and second lieutenant in such proportion as the President shall prescribe.

Approved September 16, 1862.

(4.)

AN ACT in relation to the transfer of troops.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That it shall be the duty of Secretary of War to transfer any private or non-commissioned officer who may be in a regiment from a State of this Confederacy other than his own, to a regiment from his own State whenever such private or non-commissioned officer may apply for such transfer, and whenever such transfer can be made without injury to the public service; and the Secretary of War shall make regulations to facilitate such transfer: Provided, That this act shall not apply to any one who has enlisted as a substitute.

Approved September 23, 1862.

(5.)

AN ACT to regulate the rank of officers and Provisional Corps of Engineers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the officers of the Engineer Corps of the Provisional Army may have rank conferred on them during the war, equal to that authorized by law for the Engineer Corps of the Confederate States Army: Provided, That the number of officers in each grade be limited to one colonel, three lieutenant-colonels, six majors, fifty [forty] captains, thirty first lieutenants, and twenty second lieutenants.

Approved September 23, 1862.

