
the Charleston branch pilots arrived on the Kate this morning. They have fixed their demands at $1,500 to be paid here and $3,500 at home. We have offered the exorbitant rate of $1,000 here and $3,000 on arrival, which they have thus far refused. This bears very onerously on the vessels and may prove a formidable hindrance to the trade. The steamer Scotia, a private venture, will leave in a day or two with a cargo of 1,600 Enfield rifles, 600 barrels of powder (of which about 600 cannon), 250,000 cartridges, and 250,000 percussion-caps [sic]. The rifles have been inspected by our viewers. The Leopard will sail early in the morning, and the Minho on the following day. The steamer Ladona, from England, via Bermuda, arrived this evening. I have not yet heard what cargo she has.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

[JULY 28, 1862. -For orders assigning Brigadier Gen. Richard Taylor to the duty of carrying out the enrolling act in Western Louisiana and hastening forward recruits, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XV, p. 789.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, Ala., July 29, 1862.

Brigadier Gen. R. E. RODES,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The Governor is in receipt of yours of the 29th instant, and desires me to assure you that nothing would afford him more pleasure than to be more instrumental in filling the ranks of the Alabama regiments, which under your command have by their gallantry in the field so well sustained the honor to the State. You may not be aware, however, that the regulations from the War Department have prescribed the rules by which the apportionment of the conscripts to the regiments, battalions, &c., shall be governed, and have left but little, if anything, to the discretion of the officer charged with the superintendence of the enrollment and the disposition of the conscripts.

I herewith inclose you a copy of these regulations,* and, with the view of furthering your object, would direct your attention particularly to paragraphs 5, 6, and 7. You will see from these paragraphs--

First. That it is only to such regiments, battalions, squadrons, and unattached companies in service on the 16th of April last that conscripts can be allotted.

Second. That they are to be apportioned to these regiments, battalions, &c., according to the deficiencies in each, unless when otherwise directed by the War Department.

Third. That they are to be distributed by commanders of regiments, first, to fill up existing companies to the minimum standard, and second, where a regiment has not the requisite number of companies to organize new companies up to the number required.

The Department, as you will observe, has the power to discriminate, but the exercise of this power would probably result injuriously. If, however, it should be done, I know of but one principle that can be adopted. While there may be no difference in the bravery of our

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 30, VOL. I. this series, p. 1094.

---------------

