
ward, at a salary not to exceed thirty dollars per month each, to be known and designated as ward matrons, whose general duties shall be to prepare the beds and bedding of their respective wards, to see that they are kept clean and in order, that the food or diet for the sick is carefully prepared and furnished to them, the medicine administered, and that all patients requiring careful nursing are attended to, and all such other duties as may be necessary. And all surgeons and assistant surgeons in charge of a hospital are hereby authorized to employ such other nurses, either male or female, as may be necessary to the proper care and attention of the sick, at a salary each not to exceed twenty-five dollars per month, and also the necessary cooks, at a salary not to exceed twenty-five dollars each per month, and one ward-master for each ward, at a salary not to exceed twenty-five dollars per month each, giving preference in all cases to females where their service may best subserve the purpose; and in the event a sufficient number of such nurses and war-masters cannot be employed, not liable to military service, and it shall become necessary to assign to this duty soldiers in the service, then, upon the requisition of such surgeon or assistant surgeon in charge of such hospital, the soldier or soldiers so assigned, who are skillful and competent, shall be permanently detailed to this duty, and shall only removable for neglect or inattention by the surgeon or assistant surgeon in charge: Provided, In all cases, that all other attendants and servants, not herein provided for, necessary to the service of said hospital, shall be allowed, as now provided by law. SEC. 5. That the hospitals of the Confederate States shall hereafter be known and numbered as hospitals of a particular State; and in all cases where the same can be done without injury to the patients or great inconvenience to the Government, all sick or wounded soldiers, being citizens or residents of such particular State, shall be sent to such hospital as may represent the same, and to such private or State hospitals representing the same, which may be willing to receive them.

SEC. 6. That all persons authorized to be employed by section fourth of this act, who are not engaged in the military service, and whose pay is not now provided for by law, shall be paid monthly by any quartermaster or other person authorized to pay troops in the military service, upon a muster of pay roll, to be made out and certified to by the surgeon or assistant having in charge the hospital or hospitals in which said persons have been employed.

SEC. 7. That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized, in such way and manner as he may deem best, and under such rules and regulations as he may prescribe, to enter into and perfect some suitable arrangement with the railroad companies, their officers, or authorized agents, whereby seats in one or more cars on each railroad train, as the necessities of the case may be, shall be reserved for the use of the sick and wounded soldiers who may desire transporta railroad, and that no person not sick or wounded, and not an attendant upon the sick and wounded, shall be permitted to enter any such car or cars so reserved until the said sick and wounded and their attendants shall first have obtained seats; and, also, shall perfect some arrangement with the said railroad companies, their officers or agents, whereby all conductor having in charge any such trains shall be required to provide, for the use of the sick and wounded in the cars so reserved, a sufficient quantity of pure water.

SEC. 8. That all surgeons and assistant surgeons in charge of a hospital, having in his or their charge any sick or wounded soldier, desiring transportation as aforesaid, shall, in all cases, detail some competent person, acting under his or their authority, whose duty it shall be to accompany all such sick and wounded to the depot of any such railroad, to see that all such are properly cared for, and that they obtain seats on the said or cars so reserved.

Approved September 27, 1862.

(10. *)

AN ACT to enable the President of the Confederate States to provide the means of military transportation by the construction of a railroad between Blue Mountain, in the State of Alabama, and Rome, in the State of Georgia.

Whereas, the Confederate States are engaged in a war, the extent of which has no parallel in modern history, and the President, by his message of the twenty-fourth of September, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to the Congress, has recommended the importance of constructing a railroad between Blue Mountain, in Calhoun County, Alabama, and Rome, in the State of Georgia, as a means of transportation needful for the public defense, and the construction of which

---------------

*No. 9 omitted as unimportant.

---------------

