
is also strongly recommended by the general in command of the military district in which said road is situated; Therefore.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be and he is hereby authorized and empowered to make all contracts, embracing such terms and provisions as he may deem expedient, to effect a speedy construction and completion of the link of railroad aforesaid, with the several railroad companies whose charters extend over said line, in the manner he may think best calculated to promote the public interest and provide for the public defense.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That to enable the President to accomplish the object herein contemplated, the some of one million one hundred and twenty-two thousand, four hundred and eighty dollars and ninety-two cents, in the bonds of the Confederate Stats, is hereby appropriated, to be issued and applied by the order of the President, at such times and in such sums as he may deem proper; and that the President be directed to take a mortgage on said road and its appurtenances for the ultimate repayment of the money so expended, with interest at eight per centrum per annum, in aid of its construction.

Approved October 1, 1862.

(11.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act providing for the appointment of regiments and legions, of the grade of subaltern, in addition to the subalterns attached to companies," approved August 31, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the provisions of said act shall be extended so as to apply to independent battalions, and that on the grade of subaltern may be appointed by the President for said battalion, who is not attached as subaltern to said battalion by the President for said battalion, who is not attached as subaltern to said battalion, and that said adjutant, when so appointed, shall have the same rank, pay and allowance as are provided by law for adjutants of regiments.

Approved October 2, 1862.

(12.)

AN ACT supplemental to "An act authorizing the Secretary of War to grant transfers," approved September 23, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That whenever the Secretary of War shall grant transfers agreeable to the above act to any soldier now in service, he shall furnish transportation also.

Approved October 2, 1862.

(13.)

AN ACT to empower certain persons to administer oaths in certain cases.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the oath required to enable sick wounded, or other soldiers to receive their pay, may be taken before any quartermaster, who is hereby authorized to administer the same, or before any justice of the peace having jurisdiction, or any other officer having the right by the laws of the State to administer oaths.

Approved October 2, 1862.

(14.)

AN ACT supplementary to "An act concerning the pay and allowance to deceased soldiers," approved February 15, 1862, and to provide of the prompt settlement of claims for arrearage of pay, allowances and bounty due deceased officers and soldiers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That claims due to deceased non-commissioned officers and privates for pay, allowances and bounty, may be audited and paid without the necessities of the parties entitled producing, a pay-roll from the captain or commanding officer, when there is the official evidence of the amount due satisfactory to the Second /Auditor, under such regulations as he has or may prescribe, with the approval of the Secretary of War.

SEC. 2. The claims of deceased commissioned officers shall be paid to their heirs or representatives in the same manner as similar claims of non-commissioned officers and privates are now or may be directed by law to be paid; and to assist the Second Auditor in more be directed by law to be paid; and to assist act and other pressing business of his office, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to appoint an experienced accountant who, with the chief clerk, shall have authority to appoint an experienced accountant who, with the chief clerk, shall have authority to sign and attest such official business as said auditor shall approve and direct.

