
SEC. 3. The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to employ in the office of the Second Auditor as many additional temporary clerks as he may think necessary, to assist said auditor in the settlement of the claims of deceased officers and soldiers, the compensation of said clerks to be four dollars per day, and without any addition whatever, for every day they shall be so actually engaged, except one, whose annual compensation shall be fifteen hundred dollars, the others to be paid weekly at the Treasury, upon a certificate of service of said auditor.

SEC. 4. This act shall take effect from its passage, and the third section shall continue in force for twelve months and no longer.

Approved October 3,1 862.

(15.)

AN ACT to provide for the organization of army corps.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sixth section of an act to provide for the public defence, approved March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be so amended as to authorize the President to organize divisions of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States into army corps, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint officers to the command thereof.

Approved October 6, 1862.

(16.)

AN ACT to authorize the establishment of camps of instruction and the appointment of officers to command the same.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be and he is authorized to establish camps of instruction for persons enrolled for military service, at such places and in such numbers in the several States as he may deem necessary, and to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, officers in the Provisional Army, with the rank and pay of major, to superintendent and command the same.

Approved October 8, 1862.

(17.)

AN ACT to repeal the law authorizing communication for soldiers' clothing, and to require clothing to be furnished by the Secretary of War in kind.

The Congress of the Confederate of America do enact, That so much of the existing law as provides communication for clothing to the soldiers in the service of the Secretary, be ad the same is hereby repealed; and hereafter the Secretary of War hall provide in king to the soldiers, respectively, the uniform clothing prescribed by the Regulations of the Army of the Confederate States; and should any balance of clothing be due to any soldier at the end of the year, the money value of such balance shall be paid to such soldier, according to the value of such clothing fixed and announced by order from the War Department.

Approved October 8, 1862.

(18.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act for the organization of the staff departments of the Army of the Confederate States of America," approved March 14, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the first section of the act entitled "An act for the organization of the staff departments of the Army of the Confederate States of America," approved March fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be amended by adding to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department one assistant adjutant-general with the rank of colonel.

Approved October 8, 1862.

(19.)

AN ACT to organize military courts to attend the Army of the Confederate States in the field, and to define the powers of said courts.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That courts shall be organized, to be known as military courts, one to attend each army corps in the field, under the direction of the President. Each court shall consist of three

