
(20.)

AN ACT to provide shoes for the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be and he is hereby authorized, on the requisition of the Quartermaster-General, to detail from the Army persons skilled in the manufacture of shoes not to exceed two thousand in number; and it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster-General to place them, without delay, at suitable points in shops under proper regulations prescribed by him, and employ them diligently in the manufacture of shoes for the Army.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That soldiers detailed under the provisions of this act shall be entitled to receive pay for extra duty, and also thirty-five cents per pair for shoes manufactured by them severally, in addition to regular pay and rations.

Approved October 9, 1862.

(21.)

AN ACT to authorize the President to accept and place in the service certain regiments and battalion heretofore raised.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be and he is hereby authorized and empowered, whenever in his opinion the public good would be promoted thereby, to receive into the service regiments or battalions which have been organized in good faith prior to the first day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, under authority or by direction of the Secretary of War, or any general officer of the Government, although said regiments or battalions organized after the said first day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-tow, except in those States and locations where the conscript law may be suspended.

SEC. 2. That the President be an he is hereby authorized and empowered, whenever in his opinion it would promote the public good, to receive into service regiments or battalions which have been heretofore organized of conscripts by a general officer in any of the States lying west of the Mississippi River.

SEC. 3. That all companies, battalions and regiments of infantry, raised or organized before the first day of December next within the limits of Middle and West Tennessee, to be composed of residents of said districts, may be accepted by the President when, in his opinion, t he public interest will be promoted thereby, and said troops shall be allowed to elect their own officers for the first election, after which all vacancies shall be filled by the President, under the act, and the acts amendatory of the same, providing for the public defense, passed sixteenth of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and also such counties in North Carolina lying east of the line of the Willmington and Weldon Railroad as are beyond the lines of the Army and exposed to the incursions of the enemy.

Approved October 11, 1862.

(22.)

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to raise an additional military force to serve during the war," approved 8th May, 1861, and to provide for raising forces in the State of Missouri and Kentucky.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the first and second sections of the act to which this is an amendment, are hereby declared to have full force and effect in those States and districts in which the President may, under the law, suspend the provisions of the acts providing for the enrollment of persons for military service, or when said acts cannot be enforced by reason of the occupation of the enemy: Provided, That the troops received under the sections said act shall be received for three years or for the war.

SEC. 2. That the President may, in cases when in his opinion the public interest requires that he should do so, appoint major and brigadier generals, with their appropriate staffs, and also the field, company, and staff officers, to regiments, battalions, companies or squadrons before the same are organized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and if said regiments, battalions, companies or squadrons are not reported as complete within a reasonable time, the President may, in his discretion, vacate the commissions of said officers, who shall be entitled to the pay of their respective grades from the date of their respective appointments until their commissions are vacated; and that companies of infantry shall consist of at least one hundred and twenty-five rank and file, companies of artillery of at least one hundred and fifty rank and file, and companies of cavalry of at least eighty rank and file.

Approved October 11, 1862.

