
(23.)

AN ACT amendatory of an act entitled "An act providing for the granting of bounties and furloughs to private and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army," approved December 11, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the above recited act be so amended as to secure to all soldiers, and non-commissioned officers who shall have entered the armies of the Confederate States for three years or during the war the bounty of fifty dollars, as therein provided, although such soldier or non-commissioned officer may have been killed in battle, died, or been honorably discharged before the expiration of the first year's service of his term, to be paid as other arrearages.

Approved October 11, 1862.

(24.)

AN ACT to authorize the President to make certain appointments during the recess of the Senate.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to fill by appointment all offices created, and all vacancies which may have occurred during the present session of Congress: Provided, That said appointment shall, at the next session of Congress, be submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent: And provided further, That said appointments shall expire, unless confirmed, during the next session of the Senate.

Approved October 13,1 862.

(25.)

AN ACT to regulate and six the pay of cadets in the service of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the pay of cadets in the service of the Confederate States shall be the same as second lieutenants of the arm of service to which they are attached.

Approved October 13, 1862.

(26.)

AN ACT to relieve the Army of disqualified, disabled and incompetent officers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That whenever in the judgment of the general commanding a department, the good of the service and the efficiency of his commanding a department, the good of the service and the efficiency of his command require it, he is authorized, and it is hereby made his duty, to appoint an examining board, to be composed of officers of a made his duty, to appoint an examining board, to be composed of officers of a rank at least as high as that of the officers whose qualifications it is proposed to inquire into, which board shall immediately proceed to examine into the cases of such officers as may be brought to their attention for the purpose of determining their qualifications for the discharge of the duties properly appertaining to their several positions.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That whenever such examining board shall determine that any officer is clearly unfit to perform his legitimate and proper duties, or careless and inattentive in their discharge, then the said Board shall communicate their decision, together with the full report of their proceedings in the case, to the general commanding the department in which the examination shall have been held, who shall, if he approve the finding of the Board, be authorized to suspend the officer who has been pronounced unfit for his position, and shall immediately transmit to the Secretary of War the decision and proceedings of the Examining Board with its own action and opinion indorsed thereon; Provided, That such officer shall be entitled to be heard and to call witnesses in his defense.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War, if he approve the finding of the Board and the action of the general commanding the department, shall lay the same before the President, who is authorized to retire honorably, without pay or allowances, or to drop form the Aumstances of the case may warrant, and the good of the service require, the officer who has been found unfit for his position.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That in order to secure reliable information of the efficiency and competence of officers, it is hereby made the duty of each officer commanding a regiment, separate battalion, company, battery or squadron, to make to his immediate commanding a regiment, separate battalion, company, battery or squadron, to make to his immediate commanding office, who shall transmit the same tot he brigadier-general commanding, a monthly report in tabular form, a copy whereof shall be retained by the reporting officer, subject to the inspection of all officers interested therein, containing a list of all commissioned officers of such regiment, separate battalion, company, battery or squadron, in which shall be stated the

