
taken the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States of America in writing, a copy of which shall be filed with the muster-roll of said company as above prescribed.

Approved October 13, 1862.

(29.)

AN ACT to increase and regulate the appointment of general officer in the Provisional Army.

The Congress of the Confederate of America do enact, That the President be and he is hereby authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint twenty general officers in the Provisional Army, and to assign them to such appropriate duties as he may deem expedient.

Approved October 13, 1862.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION, Talladega, Ala., November 24, 1862.

Hon. JOHN A. CAMPBELL,Assistant Secretary of War,

Confederate States of America, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I beg leave again to ask the attention of the Department to the urgent necessity of authorizing me to enforce the execution of the conscription laws in Northern Alabama or of adopting some other measures for the accomplishment of the same object. The Hon. George W. Randolph, Secretary of War, in a letter dated August 22, 1862, instructed me as follows:

If there is anything like organized resistance you will report to the Department, and not risk a collision with bands of men.

In obedience to this order I have refrained from adopting any vigorous measures for the enforcement of the law, but have repeatedly reported to the Department the fact that serious resistance to the law exists in various quarters, asking authority to enforce its execution. To these repeated representation I have never received any answer. The consequence is that the impunity with which enrolling officers can be defied has emboldened opposition, until now the evil has increased to such magnitude as to threaten the loss to the Government of a large share of the advantages that might result from a vigorous enforcement of the conscription, to give occasion for the murder of one man in the execution of his duty, and to create intense popular dissatisfaction at the idea the loyal and honest cities are forced into the service, while the disloyal and refractory are left at large, defying the authority of the Government and it agents. I am subjected to the daily mortificationports from enrolling officers of inability to execute the law without being able to afford them any assistance. I beg leave also to call your attention tot he fact that more than four months ago I obtained the approval of the War Department to a requisition for 500 stand of arms, with accouterments to correspond, and a sufficient supply of ammunition, and an order from the Chief of Ordnance for the issue of the same. This issue has never been made, although repeated efforts have been used to obtain it. After great difficulty I have only recently been able to obtain 180 stand of arms without a bayonet or a cartridge. I respectfully and urgently suggest that I should be at once furnished with

