
arms and accouterments for 500 men and a sufficient supply of ammunition. Also, that I be authorized to purchase horses, saddles, &amp;c., to mount twenty or thirty men, with suitable arms and accouterments for the same, and to make use of energetic measures for the enforcement of the law whenever necessary. I would respectfully remark that other camps have been fully supplied with arms and ammunition on requisitions made subsequently to my own, which had the expressed approval of the Department, and that they are nowhere more needed than here.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WALTHALL,

Major, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, November 24, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: As directed by a joint resolution of the General Assembly of this State, of which the inclosed is a copy, I make known their wishes to you, and respectfully request, that you direct the Chief of Ordnance to give me an order upon Colonel Rains, of Augusta, for the powder. We anticipate trouble with our slaves during the approaching holidays and fear we shall need the power. Most of the powder mentioned in the resolution was furnished by the State to supply Fort Pulaski before it fell into the hands of the enemy and tteries along the coast and around Savannah. Your early attention to this matter will greatly oblige the people of this State.

I am, very respectfully,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure.]

Whereas, the State of Georgia has heretofore loaned to the Confederate Government about 160,000 pounds of powder; and whereas, the State now needs a portion of the same for its internal police;

Be it therefore resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That the Confederate Government is hereby respectfully request to return to the Governor of Georgia 25,000 pounds of the amount of powder so loaned, as soon as the same can be done, for the use of the State.

Be it further resolved, That a copy of this preamble and resolution be forwarded to His Excellency the President of the Confederate States.

JOH. BILLUPS,

President of the Senate.

JAS. M. MOBLEY,

Secretary of Senate.

WARREN AKIN,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk of the House of Representatives.

Assented to November 22,1 862.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

