
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 95. Richmond, November 25, 1862.

To carry into effect the provisions of "An act to better provide for the sick and wounded of the Army in hospitals," approved September 27, 1862, the following instructions are published:

1. The commuted value of rations for the sick and wounded in hospitals will be $1. Rations for hospital attendants will be commuted at the rates heretofore fixed by regulations.

2. Commissaries of subsistence will transfer, for the purchase of necessary supplies for sick and wounded, to the medical officer in charge of the hospital (taking duplicate receipts therefor) such portion of the hospital fund as may be demanded, on requisition.

3. Accounts current of the portion of the hospital funds thus transferred will be rendered weekly to the Surgeon-General by the medical officer in charge of the hospital, accompanied by vouchers (No. -) for the expenditures. The fractional part of the week corresponding with the termination of a month will be included in the fourth or last account current of the month. The following form will be adopted: *

4. A Copy of the 'statement of the hospital fund" will be rendered monthly be medical officers to the Surgeon-General, according to the following form: *

5. When a hospital fund shall exceed $5,000 the commissary of subsistence having the fund in hand will deposit such excess in the Treasury of the Confederate States, or other place, of deposit where Government moneys are kept, to be liable to draft, as other public moneys are. Commissaries will account for hospital funds on their monthly abstract and summary statements.

6. The quartermaster will have arrangements made with the various lines of boats for the speediest practicable transportation for supplies for the hospital, and general transportation tickets will be furnished to accredited agents engaged in the actual purchase of these supplies upon the request of the medical officer in charge of hospital.

7. The medical officers in charge of general hospitals will make requisitions on the medical purveyors for hospital suits (shirts, pantaloons, and drawers) for the use of the sick and wounded while in hospital, not to exceed in number the number of beds, while clothing shall be borne on the returns and be accounted for as other hospital property.

8. There will be allowed to each general hospital, with rations and suitable places of lading, two chief matrons, at a salary not to exceed $40 per month each, whose general duties shall be to exercise a superintendence over the entire domestic economy of the hospital; to take charge of such delicacies as may be provided for the sick; to apportion them out as required; to see that the food or diet is properly prepared, and all such other duties as may be necessary. Two assistant matrons, at a salary not to exceed $35 per month each, whose general duties shall be to superintend the laundry; to take charge of the clothing of the sick ad the bedding of the hospital; to see that hey are kept clean and neat, and perform such other duties as may be necessary. Two ward matrons for each ward (estimating 100 patients for each ward), at a salary not to exceed $30 per month each, whose general duties sre the beds and bedding of their respective wards; to see that they are kept clean and in order; that the food or diet for the sick is carefully prepared and furnished to

---------------

*Omitted.

14 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

---------------

