
them; the medicine administered, and that all patients requiring careful nursing are attended to, and all such other duties as may be necessary. One ward-master for each ward (estimating 100 patients for each ward), at a salary not to exceed $25 per month each; and such other nurses and cooks, male or female (giving preference to females when their services may best serve the purpose), at a salary not to exceed $25 per month each, as may be necessary for the proper care of the sick. These attendants to be paid monthly, on hospital monthly rolls, by the Quartermaster's Department, and to be removed, when expedient, by the medical officer in charge. Other attendants, not herein provided for, necessary to the service shall be allowed, as now provided by law.

9. If a sufficient number of nurses and ward-masters, not liable to military service, cannot be employed, and it shall become necessary to assign to this duty soldiers in the service, then, upon the requisition of the medical officer in charge of a hospital, the soldiers so assigned, who are skillful and competent, shall be permanently detailed to this duty, and shall not only be removable for neglect or inattention, by the medical officer in charge.

10. Hospitals will be known and numbered as hospitals of a particular State. The sick and wounded, when not injurious to themselves, or greatly inconvenient to the service, when not injurious to themselves, or greatly inconvenient to the service, will be sent to the hospitals representing the same.

11. The Quartermaster-General will have arrangements made with the railroad companies to reserve seats in one or more cars, as may be necessary, for the use of the sick and wounded soldiers and their attendants to be transported, and until they are seated to prevent other persons from entering those reserved cars; and also to require conductors of the trains to provide for the use of the sick and wounded in the reserved cars a sufficient quantity of pure water.

12. Medical officers in charge of hospitals will detail an attendant to accompany the sick and wounded, furloughed, discharged, or transferred to railroad depots, to see that they are cared for and provided with seats in the reserved cars.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, N. C., November 25,1 862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: In accordance with my recommendation the Legislature has determined to raise 10,000 men to assist in the winter campaign. I am requested by the military committee to write Your Excellency to know if it will be possible to get any assistance in arms and munitions from the Confederacy, and also if Your Excellency would object to the State organization embracing the remainder of the conscripts under thirty-five years of age. The reason for asking the latter question is because it is thought that the State authorities could get out a considerable number of that class which the Confederate officers would not be able to reach. Please to answer at once, as the committee's action will await you reply, and time is everything.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

