
The spirit of our Legislature is fully up to the emergency of the crisis and the members are fully determined to remove every obstacle which might impede the action of the Confederate Government in the defense of the country, and are now engaged in the consideration of acts which will no doubt pass releasing from the operation of the exemption act large classes of our State officers and declaring them liable to military duty. Many of these officers will be taken surprise at the announcement of their liability, and in view of this fact and feeling of our people, I respectfully suggest that it will be but a fair return that the militia and other State officers thus affected may be allowed thirty days to volunteer in regiments, &amp;c., organized and in service prior to the 16th April, 1862. This will but place them on a footing with others who have heretofore been liable and under the enforcement of the conscription act more easy for the enrolling officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

Governor of Alabama.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 4, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I send the order giving the thirty days, as suggested by Governor Shorter's letter.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

JOINT RESOLUTIONS in relation to the liability of militia officers of this State to enrollment under the conscription acts of the Confederate States.

1. Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That in the opinion of this General Assembly militia officers of this State between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years are now subject to enrollment under the conscription acts of the Confederate States, unless exempt on some other ground than that they are militia officers.

2. Be it resolved further, That if there be any law of this State which has been or may be constructed to exempt such officers from the operation of said conscription acts the same is hereby declared to be inoperative to that extent.

3. Be it resolved further, That His Excellency the Governor be, and he is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions tot he Secretary of War of the Confederate States.

Approved November 25, 1862.

OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE, Montgomery, Ala., November 26, 1862.

I, P. H. Brittan, secretary of state of the State of Alabama, hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the joint resolutions of the Alabama Legislature, approved November 25, 1862, as taken from the original rolls on file in my office.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State this 26th day of November, 1862.

[SEAL.]

P. H. BRITTAN,

Secretary of State.

