
A PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA.

Whereas, in order to stop, if possible, the wicked system of peculation, which is blighting the land, and prevent the production of famine in the midst of plenty, the Legislature of North Carolina, by a joint resolution thereof, ratified on the 22d day of this month (November), have authorized me to lay an embargo upon the exportation from the State of certain of prime necessity, except to certain persons and for certain purposes:

Now, therefore, I, Zebulon B. Vance, Governor of the State of North Carolina, do issue this my proclamation, forbidding all persons, for the space of thirty days form the date thereof, from carrying beyond the limits of the State nay salt, bacon, pork, beef, corn, meal, flour, potatoes, shoes, leather, hides, cotton cloth, and yarn and woolen cloth. The following persons are alone to be exempted from the prohibition, viz: All quartermasters' and commissary agents of the Confederate Government, and of any State of the Confederacy, exhibiting proper evidence of their official character; also all agents of any county, district, town, or corporation of other States who shall exhibit satisfactory proof of their authority to purchase such articles in behalf of such town, county, district, or corporation for public uses or for distribution at cost and transportation, and not for resale or profit; also all persons who make oath before the nearest justice of the peace that the articles purchased are for his own private use, and not for resale, before they are removed; also all persons, non-residents, who may have bought such articles before the date hereof. The exception own works, and to cargoes entering nay of our ports from abroad. Any of said articles that may be stopped in transit form our borders are to be confiscated to the use of the State. Until further orders the colonels of militia in the different counties are enjoined to see that this proclamation is enforced. Not intending or desiring to prevent the people of our sister States from sharing with our own citizens whatever we can spare, but to repress speculation so far as may be possible, I earnestly appeal to all good citizens to aid and sustain me in the enforcement of this proclamation for the coming good.

In witness thereof, I, Zebulon B. Vance, Governor, captain-general, and commander-in-chef, hath signed these presents and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed.

Done at our city of Raleigh this 26th day of November, A. D. 1862, and in the year of our independence the eighty-seventh.

[SEAL.]

Z. B. VANCE.

By the Governor:

R. H. BATTLE, Jr.,

Private Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 96. Richmond, November 27, 1862.

Commandants of conscripts will cause the following order to be published for at least seven times in a sufficient number of newspapers in each State of the Confederacy to insure its reaching every part of the country:

I. All commissioned officers and enlisted men who are now absent from their commands from any other cause than actual disability or

