
to State offices, who are in some instances aspirants for political preferment, there is reason to believe that it will be neglected. It is true that there are not a great many conscripts in the State, Florida having furnished for Confederate service a number equal to her entire voting population, but it is due to the brave men who have so promptly volunteered for the defense of the country that those subject to the law should be enrolled and placed in the service. I think His Excellency Governor Milton is satisfied that the law is inefficiently executed, and that if called upon by the Confederate officers or the detail of suitable non-commissioned officers or privates for the enrollment of conscripts in this State. I respectfully submit the matter through the commanding general for the consideration of the Honorable Secretary of War.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., December 3,1 862.

Approved and respectfully forwarded for eh information of the War Department and such instruction as it may think proper to give.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Richmond, Va., November 28, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM M. BROWNE,

Aide-de-Cam to the President:

COLONEL: You will proceed with all convenient dispatch to Milledgeville, Ga., and present to Hiss Excellency Governor Brown the letter which you will find herewith. * You will confer with the Governor in relation to the subject of this letter, and represent to him the existing necessity for the adoption of active measures to send forward recruits to fill the thinned ranks of the regiments from Georgia, now in the field, and hoping that the decision of the supreme court of Georgia may be regarded as conclusive of the constitutional question presented, assure him of the pleasure it will afford me to have his co-operation in attaining this important object. After you have seen the Governor, you will put yourself in communication with the commandants of camps of enrolled recruits in Georgia, personally inspect their commands, and report to me the numbers of men enrolled and liable to conscription, and such other facts in relation thereto as may be requisite for better comprehension of the case. You will also inquire into the subject of supplies for the Commissary and Quartermaster Generals' Departments, and with this view you will confer with such officers of these departments in Georgia as you may think proper. When you have concluded the above-mentioned duties you will return and report in person to me.

Very respectfully,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

---------------

*See November 26, p. 211.

---------------

