
CIRCULAR.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, November 29,1 862.

SIR: Your attention is directed to the second clause of paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 82, from this office (copy herewith*), which, among other things, directs that in a given contingency " a commissioned officer for each Congressional district, and a non-commissioned officer or private for each Congressional district, or parish, will be assigned to the duty of enrollment of conscripts under the commandant of conscripts. "

The same paragraph requires that "in making such assignments officers and men disabled by wounds from active duty in the field, and acquainted with the localities in which they are required to serve, will be selected as far as practicable," and further, that " commanding officers in the field will order such commissioned officers and non-commissioned officers and privates as they think qualified to be enrolling officers or drill officers, and who are unfit for active service in the field, to report to the commandant of conscripts in their respective and report the remainder by letter to the commanding general as not needed for such service. "

For your information and guidance a list of the commandants of conscripts for the several States and their stations is forwarded herewith. +

By General Orders, No. 96 (a copy of which you will receive as soon as printed), ++ "commissioned officers and privates who are incapable of bearing arms in consequence of wounds received in battle, assigned, to report to the nearest commandant of conscripts in their respective States, who will, if they are fifteen for such duty, assign them to the collection of stragglers," &amp;c.

The importance of this subject must be obvious, and until the selections and assignments required are made it will be impossible to put the regulations which have been adopted for the collection of conscripts into efficient operation.

The call made upon you in my letter of 25th instant for a list of disabled officers was, as then indicated, to assist in details for courts-martial, and incidentally for any exigencies that might arise in the enforcement of the conscript law. Keeping this in view no embarrassment will be experienced on either subject.

I am, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General. .

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Richmond, Va., November 29, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BROWN, of Georgia:

DEAR SIR: My aide-de-camp, Colonel William M. Browne, will hand you the inclosed circular letter addressed by me to the Governors of the several States. $ I have directed Colonel Browne to confer with you in relation to the subject of this letter, in the hope that by personal interview time may be gained in the accomplishment of the important results which I desire to attain.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

---------------

*See p. 164.

+Not found.

++See p. 214.

$See November 26, p. 211.

---------------

