
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., November 29, 1862.

His Excellency J. E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: The Department is informed that an act has passed the Legislature of Georgia prohibiting the distillation of whisky, and the Commissary-General having made contract for a large amount of that article in your State, I have the honor to request that such contracts may be excepted from the operation of the law. I have also to ask that, if consisted with your sense of public duty, you will allow the officers of the Commissary Bureau to continue their arrangements to the extent of 250,000 gallons of whisky without removing the distilleries twenty miles from any railroad, such permission being deemed important to the public service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., November 29, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: An act of the last Congress authorizes the President to accept the services of companies, to be organized into regiments or battalions under the act of May 8, 1861, under his direction, to be composed of men who reside in those portions of the country in which the law of conscription cannot be enforced. The island of New Orleans and the parishes on the river below New Orleans are subject to this act. In case, therefore, that companies are organized of the legal size, composed of inhabitants of these districts and suitably supplied with offices, they will be accepted by this Department; but it must be understood that the conscription law cannot be relaxed in the districts to this Department for leaves to raise companies, and this will serve as an answer to such applications.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., November 29,1 862.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant suggesting the exemption from military service by direct Executive action of all those charged with the private custody of lunatics and idiots has received careful attention. The clause in the exemption act authorizing the Executive to extend the benefit of the act to cases not specified in it was intended to operate upon individuals and not classes; and in the present reduced condition of so many regiments it is necessary that the law should be rigidly constructed. I regret that I cannot consistently adopt your suggestion.

Very respectfully, and truly,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

