
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 97. Richmond, December 1, 1862.

I. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department are expressly prohibited from visiting the seat of government for the purpose of obtaining supplies.

The usual mode of effecting these objects by requisition is deemed sufficient, and no deviation from the established rules of the service in this respect will be permitted without the previous sanction of the Quartermaster-General, obtained through the regular channel of communication.

II. Officers and agents of the Quartermaster's Department are hereby ordered not to interfere with leather purchased or contracted for by officers or agents of the Ordnance Department.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JOINT RESOLUTIONS in relation to the war debt of the Confederate States.

Whereas, the Government of the Confederate States is involved in a war the independence of each of the States of the Confederacy, as well as for its own existence; and whereas the distinct of each State of the Confederacy is indissolubly connected with that of the Confederate Government; and whereas the Confederate Government cannot successfully prosecute the war to a speedy and honorable peace without ample means or credit: Be it therefore.

Resolved by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the State of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That in the opinion of this General Assembly it is the duty of each State of the Confederacy, for the purpose of sustaining the credit of the Confederate Government, to guarantee the debt of that Government in proportion to its representation in the Congress of that Government.

Resolved further, That the State of Alabama hereby proposes to her sister States of the Confederacy to guarantee said debt on said basis, provided that each of the said States shall accept the proposition and adopt suitable legislation to carry it into effect, in which event these resolutions shall stand as the guaranty of this State for the aforesaid proportion of the debt of the said Confederate Government.

Resolved further, That His Excellency the Governor be, and is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the Governor of each State of the Confederacy and to the President of the Confederate States.

Approved December 1, 1862.

MILLDGEVILLE, December 1, 1862.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON:

You will greatly oblige me if you will inform me whether [the] order of Mr. Randolph to Major Dunwody not to enroll the commissioned officers of the militia of this State has been canceled and whether the enrollment as conscripts has been ordered. An early reply is respectfully solicited.

JOS. E. BROWN.

