
made directly with Regard Butler and Commander Farragut, who will, it is said, permit the exchange to be made in the Gulf, and the salt to come into Mobile or Pensacola, and form the latter place to pass through he enemy's lines into the interior. These U. S. officers are reported to have agreed to the arrangement stated, and which is said to be unlimited in extent. What is now wanting, it seems, is the permission of the War Department for the company to take out the cotton and make the exchange proposed. They have frankly disclosed this plan to me, and requested me to submit it for your consideration, and advised me that from some intimation received it would be approved by you. I informed these gentlemen that as the proposed scheme was forbidden by the law and contrary to my own decided convictions as to the policy and interest of our Government, I could not indorse it or even refer it for your consideration except as a matter of information, to be looked at with a view of ascertaining whether the Government could, by tolerating it in any form, bring about any complication of the blockade question which might promise a public advantage; and that I was quite sure the Secretary of War could have given no intimation in favor of such a project unless he had the best reasons for believing that some important result could be attained beyond the mere introduction of salt, however great a necessity the article might be at this time; and it is upon this ground that I have submitted the statement herein made for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.
HEADQUARTERS,Marietta, Ga., July 30, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your confidential circular, and must express my regret that the embarrassments exist to which you refer. While I have in a few instances had reason to believe that persons with furlough have overstaidome without sufficient cause, I had not supposed that the regiments from this State had been reduced to any considerable extent either by desertions or absence of members without leave. If just cause of complaint in these particulars exist against the Georgia troops I am ready to do all in my power to assist you in correcting the evil. On account of the fact that you desire the existence of the evil kept as much as possible from the knowledge of the enemy, I am somewhat at a loss how I can best accomplish the object you have in view. After a little reflection I have concluded that I cannot better serve you than by issuing a proclamation, of which I inclose a copy herewith. * I have been the more guarded in the power given to the sheriffs and other State officers on account of the fact that your sub-enrolling officers in some parts of this State have, I think, taken pride in annoying the authorities of the State by evading your instructions (which are no doubt intended in good faith to exempt all State officers) upon a variety of technical pretexts, and in some instances without even a plausible pretext.

Permit me to cite an instance: A few days since the sub-enrolling officers for Baldwin County enrolled an important clerk in the adjutant

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

