
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 98. Richmond, December 3, 1862.

Colonel William M. Wadley, assistant adjutant-general, is hereby specially assigned to take supervision and control of the transportation for the Government on all the railroads in the Confederate States.

1. He is empowered to make contracts for transportation with said railroads, or any of them, and such negotiations and arrangements with them as may be requisite or proper to secure efficiency, harmony, and co-operation on the part of said railroads, or any proper number of them, in carrying on the transportation of the Government.

2. He will take direction of all agents or employed engaged by the Government in connection with railroad transportation; will retain, engage, or dismiss such as may be requisite, and take charge of and employ all engines, machinery, tools, or other property of the Government owned or used for railroad transportation; and may exchange, sell, or loan such machinery, tools, or other property of the government owned or used for railroad transportation; and may exchange, sell, or loan such machinery with or to any railroad company to facilitate the work of transportation; and may generally assist and co-operate with the railroads in effecting the work of transportation.

3. The better to accomplish such ends, he may require co-operation and assistance to such an extent as can be reasonably granted by the Quartermaster and Commissary Bureaus; and may apply for details from the Army of such artisans, mechanics, and workmen as may be necessary to facilitate the due accomplishment of his duties.

4. He will report, through the Adjutant and Inspector General, to the Secretary of War.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DALTON, December 3, 1862.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I beg leave to repeat my telegram of 1st instant. You will greatly oblige me if you will inform me whether the order of Mr. Randolph to Major Dunwody not to enroll the commissioned officers of the militia of this State has been annulled, and whether the enrollment as conscripts has been ordered. An early reply is respectfully solicited.

JOS. E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., December 3, 1862.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: Your letter to the President informing him of the prospect of a law for the raising of 10,000 men in your State to assist in the winter campaign, and asking to be informed whether any assistance in arms and ammunition may be expected from the Confederation, and also to know whether objection would be entertained to the State organization embracing the remainder of the conscripts under thirty-five years of age, has been referred by him to this Department. In reply I have

15 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

