
and respectfully call special attention to the subject of funds to be transmitted and to the transfer of stores from Bermuda here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 99. Richmond, December 5, 1862.

The superintendent of the Niter and Mining Bureau is authorized and directed to press the home production of niter from plantation and domestic sources. Where indispensable the labor of conscripts is authorized in interior districts, and details will continue to be made as at present; but officers and agents of the Bureau will exercise especial caution to use this labor as a last resort. Resignations in the Niter and Mining Corps must be placed upon the same footing with resignations in the line in front of the enemy. Faithfully executed, this service is second to no other engaged in the public defense.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 258. Richmond, December 5, 1862.

* * * * * *

XIV. Militia officers and other State officers of the State of Alabama who may be or have been declared by the Legislature of said State to be subject to conscription will be allowed thirty days to volunteer in regiments and companies organized and in service prior to April 16, 1862.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 5, 1862.

Lieut. Colonel J. B. WEEMS,

Commanding, Calhoun, Ga.:

Your letter of the 26th has been received. The principal points to be attended to in respect to the distribution of conscripts are disposed of in article No. 5, paragraph VIII, of the General Orders, No. 82. The commandant of the conscripts by that paragraph will determine the quota to which each regiment is entitled in order to fill it to its maximum, and it is under his direction that the action contemplated in article 3, paragraph X, of the orders must be carried out. The principle of apportionment of conscripts is that of equality "in proportion to their respective deficiencies," and it was not designed to disturb that rule of equality by permitting the commanding general in the field to detail officers for the purpose of enrolling for particular

