
general's office without conference with the head of the department and ordered him to camp of instruction, with notice that he should publish his name as a deserter if he failed to go. In a case of this character, as the act of your officers was illegal, I could not of course permit any State officer to assist him in the execution of his threat, if he attempted to treat one of the State's officers not subject to conscription as a deserter. On the contrary, it would be my duty to employ the State officers for the protection of the officer unjustly attacked. Hence I have limited the proclamation to the case of deserters who have been in Confederate service beyond the limits of the State or members of a volunteer regiment within the State. If your enrolling officers, in cases of conflict of opinion between them and the State authorities, would stop the execution of their orders on notice from me to them to do so till the question could be referred to you for decision, I should be very careful to raise with them no false issue, and it would save many of our officers and good citizens who have sent substitutes, &amp;c., great expense and trouble in having the rights recognized. I assure you that much dissatisfaction exists in the public mind on account of their course, amounting in some instances, it is thought, to petty tyranny. You may suppose from your knowledge of my views on the conscription act that it would be a gratification to me to see them act amiss. Not so. Did I desire to render the act unpopular in the State I could wish no change of policy on the part of your officers. I trust you will excuse this plain statement of truth, as we all are corresponding confidentially for the public good.

I have been much gratified at your energy and the administrative ability you have shown as the head of the War Department. Fortunately for the country the tide of success has turned in our favor since you have taken control of this most difficult aartment. It is greatly to be hoped that you may have the means to carry our victorious arms into the enemy's country before the fall season has passed. Our people look with great anxiety to the deliverance of Tennessee and the transfer of the seat of war to Kentucky. It will at all times afford me pleasure to serve you or the cause in any way in my power.

I am, very truly, &c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Indorsement.]

Inclose Governor Brown copies of printed instructions, Nos. 1, 2, 3, to officers commanding camps and enrolling officers, and call his attention to the order given to them [to] confine themselves to a remonstrance in case of difference with State authorities.

G. W. R.

VICHY, July 30, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Department of State, Richmond, Confederate States of America:

SIR: I have just received notice from Mr. Fearn that he leaves London on the 3d of August for the Confederate State, and have only time to write a few hasty lines in consequence of the lateness of the advice given.

In consequence of the want communication between Nassau and the rest of the world I was detained there three weeks, and only

