
XIV. In all cases of deficiency or damage of any article of clothing or camp or garrison equiPAGEthe officer accountable for the property is required by law to show, by one or more depositions setting forth the circumstances of the case, that the deficiency was by unavoidable accident or loss in actual service, without any fault on his part, and in case of damage that due care the attention were exerted on his part, and that the damage did not result from neglect.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant aeral.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 8, 1862.

J. W. ELLIS, Esq.,

Senate Chamber, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have received your application for discharge on the ground that you are a member of the Legislature of North Carolina. Neither the exemption law of October nor that of April, 1862, operated to discharge persons from service. The Department has granted furloughs to other members of the Legislature of North Carolina, to extend one week beyond the expiration of the session at which their presence was necessary.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL' OFFICE, Richmond, December 9, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully beg leave to again call your attention to the operation of General Orders, No. 98, assigning Colonel W. M. Wadley, assistant adjutant-general, to the supervision and control of railroad transportation, and also to repeat some of the views I had the honor to present to you verbally. By the provisions of the Army Regulations the Quartermaster's Department has been charged with the duty of providing transportation for troops and all army stores, equiPAGE, and supplies. During the present war it is well know the Government h as been greatly dependent upon the railroads of the Confederacy for the transportation of troops and supplies, and has been obliged to employ them to the utmost extent of their capacity. All contracts with the railroad companies have been made by this department, and the payment of their accounts has consumed a large proportion of the estimates made for expenses of military transportation. The control of this important means of transportation has been one of the most responsible duties of this department, mainly because of its intimate connection with the movements of our armies in the field and their dependence upon if for the prompt delivery and quick removal of military supplies; and the railroads have become so much identified with most of the duties of this department that much inconvenience, confusion, and embarrassment will result if their supervision be transferred to another department of the public service altogether unconnected with this. I do not object to the policy of

