
placing all railroad transportation under the supervision of an able and competent officer, as Colonel Wadley is known to be; on the contrary, I had the honor to suggest that such an arrangement should be made, with the expectation, however, that the superintendent of this transportation should report to this department and act under its authority. The absolute necessity for this is, I submit, most apparent, as it is essential to the dispatch of the business of this office that I should be regularly and promptly informed of such regulations for railroad transportation as might be adopted uperintendent, and particularly that I should be advised of the terms of compensation agreed upon, that the necessary estimates to provide for its payment might be made. For these and other reasons, which will be readily suggested, I submit that the effect of the general order referred to will be to occasion difficulty and embarrassment to this department unless Colonel Wadley be directed to report regularly to this office.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 101. Richmond, December 9, 1862.

I. Clause 1, paragraph VI, General Orders, No. 82, current series, is so amended as to provide that one of the three surgeons for each Congressional district shall be a medical officer of the Army, and that the two others (to be recommended by the commandant of conscripts to the Adjutant and Inspector General) shall be selected from Congressional districts different from that in which they are to examine conscripts.

II. As in the case of "barrels and sacks," officers of the Subsistence Department receiving beeves will deliver to the commissaries from whom they draw supplies a like number of hides. The issuing commissary will transfer them to the quartermaster charged with their collection.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 11, 1862.

Hon. JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery:

SIR: Your communication of the 20th of November to the Secretary of War, inclosing copy of an act of the General Assembly of Alabama to aid in providing shoes for the Alabama soldiers in the Confederate Army, &amp;c., has been referred to this office. In reply thereto I have to state as follows: The State of Alabama will be allowed $7 for each pair of shoes furnished to this department on account of Alabama soldiers, and the same will be distributed as far as practicable in strict accordance with the directions given by the State authorities.

Your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

