
troops, and assigned as a garrison, &amp;c. ; and officers and men will not be permitted to enter the town or village except on written permission of the commanding officer.

II. Arms must not be carried from the camp, nor will mounted men in camps be permitted to ride their horses, except upon duty.

III. Private property is invariably to be respected, and must not be taken or used, except when indispensable for the public service, and then only by orders of competent authority, and in the manner pointed out in the Army Regulations and orders of the Quartermaster and Commissary Departments.

IV. The reckless destruction of fencing, wood, and other property of the citizens, which has occurred in so many instances, cannot be too strongly, condemned. Commanders of troops of whatever grade should, by the exercise of diligence and strict discipline, endeavor to prevent such results, entailing, as they will, poverty upon individuals and useless expense on the Government. Fencing ought not to be disturbed where it can possibly be avoided; and when wood is necessary for the public use, that which is least valuable must be selected with as little water as practicable.

V. A careful observance of these orders is enjoined on the Army as of the first importance to the public interests. All violations of them are directed to be reported to the proper authority for such punishment as may be requisite.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 13, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN GILL, SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: Owing to some inadvertence unusual in the Department, your letter inclosing liberal and patriotic resolutions of the Senate and House of Representatives of Alabama, tendering aid in procuring supplies of shoes for the Army, did not come under my observation until a day or two since. I have therefore to apologize for my delay in responding, which rendered necessary the telegram from you. To that telegram, I replied as soon as I could confer with the Quartermaster-General. I have only now to reiterate the assurance of my telegram that all shoes suitable for the Army will be taken thankfully and paid for at $7 per pair, and that in distributing them the Quartermaster-General shall be instructed to conform as far as practicable to your wishes. I cannot refrain from once more acknowledging with grateful appreciation the zeal and liberality manifested by your State in sustaining the common cause of the Confederacy.

With sentiments of high respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[DECEMBER 13, 1862. -For Seddon to Lubbock, in relation to a suspension of the conscript law in Texas, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 838.]

