
as well as for its own existence; and whereas the destiny of each State of the Confederacy is indissolubly connected with that of the Confederate Government; and whereas, also, the Confederate Government cannot successfully prosecute the war to a speedy and honorable peace without ample means and credit:

Resolved, therefore, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Florida in General Assembly convened, That this General Assembly concurs in the opinion of the General Assembly of the State of Alabama that it is the duty of each State of the Confederacy, for the purpose of sustaining the credit of the Confederate Government, to guarantee the debt of that Government in proportion to its representation in the Congress of that Government.

Resolved further, That the State of Florida hereby accepts the proposition of the said State of Alabama to guarantee said debt on said basis, provided each of the said States shall accept the proposition and adopt suitable legislation to carry it into effect, and that their resolutions shall stand as the guaranty of this State of the aforesaid proposition of the debt as the guaranty of this State of the aforesaid proposition of the debt of the said Confederate Government.

Resolved further, That His Excellency be, and is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the Governor of each State of the Confederacy and to the President of the Confederate Government.

Passed the Senate December 13, 1862. Passed the House of Representatives December 15, 1862. Approved by the Governor December 15, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., December 15, 1862.

ROBERT BUNCH, Esq.,

Consul of Her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The receipt of your letter of the 10th instant, in which you say that you "have been informed that James E. Haley has been forced into the camp at Knoxville," and complains of "the president ill-treatment of a British subject, perpetrated in violation of all international law and the law of the Confederate States. " and protest against the "violence committed upon James E. Haley, a subject of the Queen of Great Britain," and express yourself as injured "by the want of common courtesy," which has been shown to yourself in this matter, not ever a reply being returned to your letter, and finally threaten to call the "attention of Earl Russell to the increasing and apparently systematic persecution to which Her Majesty's subjects here of late have been exposed at the hands of the War Department and of its officers," is acknowledge.

The several acts of the Congress of the Confederate States which provide for additional forces for the public defense are published in General Orders, No. 82, which issued from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office in this Department. A copy of these orders is inclosed to you. *

The United States having called into their military service some 700,000 men, a number approximating to the number of the military population of the Confederacy, these acts of Congress became necessary. The act of April last continued in the Army all the persons then in the service who were residents of the Confederate States, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years, and enabled the President to place in the service all residents of the same class who were not

---------------

*See p. 160.

---------------

