
[Second indorsement.]

Adjutant-General COOPER:

The object recommended is approved. How many it best be accomplished?

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 4, 1863.

Referred to the several chiefs of military bureaus for their views, to be returned to this office: Quartermaster-General, Commissary-General, Chief Engineer, Chief of Ordnance, Surgeon-General.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., January 6, 1863.

It is impracticable to carry out the within suggestions as proposed. The men in the foundries, workshops, and bureaus have not the time to appropriate to drills and military exercises without neglecting their proper duties or imposing too much physical and mental taxation. The Chief of Ordnance has a reserve of arms kept for this special purpose, which, when the time comes, can be placed in the hands of the men.

Very respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, December 15, 1862.

In all applications for details or assignments from the chiefs of military bureaus the application will give the present assignment of the officer concerned and his location. It will then, upon being received at the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, be referred to the general commanding the army or department in which the staff officer is serving, for his report on the case, before the detail or assignment can be announced in orders.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 294. Richmond, December 16, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier Gen. Gabriel J. Rains is hereby assigned to duty as general superintendent of the conscription service for the Provisional Army of the Confederate States. He will forthwith proceed to Richmond and enter upon the duties of his office.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

16 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

