
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 107. Richmond, December 17, 1862.

I. Paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 72, current series, in modified as follows:

Medical officers, referred to in said order, will not hereafter issue certificates for furloughs, except when the health of the soldier requires his removal, or a change of climate; and in all such cases this fact must be distinctly stated in the surgeon's certificate.

II. Whenever, in the opinion of the commanding officer of a military department, the object of the first [fourth] paragraph of General Orders, No. 72, has been for the time being accomplished, by sufficiently reducing the number in hospital, he may accomplished, by sufficiently reducing the number in hospital, he may suspend the sessions of the medical boards until the condition of the sick and wounded renders it expedient to reassemble said boards.

III. Officers charged with the duty of enrolling conscripts are hereby instructed that the resignation of officers does not of itself exempt the party resigning from the provisions of the conscript law. All such persons are subject to enrollment and examination, in common with other parties of conscript age.

IV. Lieut. Colonel Smith Stansbury is hereby detailed for the same duty as that assigned in paragraph III, General Orders, No. 80, current series, to Lieut. Colonel W. Le Roy Brown, and he will proceed immediately to Charleston, S. C., and to Mobile, Ala., for the purpose of examining candidates for appointments as artillery officers for ordnance duty, under the act of Congress approved September 16,1 862.

The generals commanding at those points will, on his application, associate with him any two artillery officers performing ordnance duties he may select, who, together with himself, will constitute an examining board.

Due notice will be given through the local papers of the time at which examinations will be held.

Applications for permission to be examined will be made, as per General Orders, No. 80, to the general commanding.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 17, 1862.

His Excellency J. G. SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have received your telegram, and regret to hear that the Legislature of Alabama has adjourned. The arrangements contemplated by the Department for the manufacture of slat in your State are deemed of the first importance, and the only thing now needed to complete them is the assurance of a sufficient quantity of land to carry on the necessary operations of the manufacture. Twenty acres of slice land are ample to afford a supply of salt water, but a larger quantity is needed for the purpose of evaporation, &amp;c. Under the circumstances and in consideration of the emergency, could not Your Excellency permit the Confederate Government to use the adjacent property which I am informed belongs to the State to the extent of 100 acres?

With sentiments of high respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

