SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 297. Richmond, December 19, 1862.

* * * * *

XIII. Enrolling officers in the Department of East Tennessee will report through the commandant of conscripts to the general commanding the department, who is hereby authorized to give such instruction not inconsistent with acts of Congress and to render such aid as may be necessary for the enforcement of the conscript laws.

XIV. Enrolling officers in the department commanded by Major Gen. John H. Forney will report through the commandant of conscripts to the general commanding the department, who is hereby authorized to give such instructions not inconsistent with acts of Congress and to render such aid as may be necessary for the enforcement of the conscript laws.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Raleigh, December 19, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to the inclosed memorial from representatives of the people of the Tenth Congressional District of this State. I know all the facts set forth to be true, being intimately acquainted with the district, and have no hesitation in saying that if any section of the Confederacy is deserving of the exercise of the discretion vested in you by the exemption act in its favor it is that mountain region of North Carolina.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War.

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the President.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

There is much force in the within appeal, and if the point of maximum in the old regiments is touched so as to present the case of a reserve, it seems proper and politic to grant relief by enrolling and leave by enrolling and leaving at home for the present the men of this district as a reserve, subject to future call. Inquire and confer.

J. D.

