
we have to contend with is the slave question. We are trying to change this issue by providing that not to be the matter in dispute. The Emperor is here, in the house next to my hotel. I have made the acquaintance of some, and the intimacy of one of his personal suite, and have been enabled indirectly to throw much light on the question. I have my wife with me and came as a private individual. By advice of my French friends I have just written and sent to his private secretary an intimation of my desire as a South Carolinian, just from the Confederacy, to pay my respects to the Emperor, and I shall probably receive his reply to-day or to-morrow, but too late to give you results. Should anything of importance transpire soon, I shall find, or rather make, a way to give you sure information. I am busily organizing this now and will arrange it if necessary. I find the only means of communication now is the very uncertain one via Nassau, which works badly.

Mr. Slidell will doubtless give full details of his interview with the Emperor. I therefore refrain from touching upon that subject. It was the premier pas to which I am desirous of adding another. That the Emperor is most anxious to intervene, all his people here tell me. He has now with him Mr. Fould and Mr. Baroche, chief of the council of state, and Mr. Thouvenel has just left. The immense moral gain to us from our late victories and present attitude of the two sections you cannot overrate. Whether it is sufficient to enforce recognition, the utterances of the Sphinx who rules Europe will not permit us to judge. As to the fate of the proposition brought over by me, I am as yet in ignorance. Upon the whole, I think the prospects of an early recognition (which will involve intervention) to be most probable and in fact imminent. A week hence I hope to be able to give you exact information on this subject, and will certainly do so if I get it. Impossible should not be a word in our vocabulary, and as regards communication, is simply absurd. I have been received with great courtesy by Messrs. Mason and Slidell, and have to acknowledge many acts of civility from both. It is but just to Mr. Hotze to say that his labors are most zealous and unremitting, and the paper he has established, the Index, is a proof of both. I complied with your instructions with regard to him. With reference to the purchase of arms, &amp;c., I feel it my duty to inform the Administration that the chances of obtaining more depend upon further supplies of funds. Captain H. informs me that he has no funds nor credits of any kind, and is deeply indebted for the Government. The establishmentd is essential. This can be done in Parish with ease by the Government sending cotton to parties here, who will immediately advance several millions upon it. If the Government will authorize me to make such an arrangement, one of the great capitalists here will do it forthwith, the Government delivering the cotton in the Confederate States to agents named or sent by the capitalists here. Should the continuance of the war demand new and large supplied of arms, I would further suggest the expediency of sending out more agents for their purchase, since no one or two men, however energetic or intelligent, can properly and efficiently attend to this work. To this point I most earnestly invite the attention of the Government, as illness or any other cause might now leave us without help in this vital matter. The other matter of providing funds is also equally pressing, since Confederate credit has not yet risen upon the ruins of the Federal, now far below par. Our friends abroad are now as unreasonably sanguine as they were unduly depressed on my first arrival, before our victories had brightened the

