
and lower fleets could not secure the safe passage of one boat. Battered and bootless they retired in acknowledged defeat. The spell which attended the name of gun-boats was broken at Vicksburg. While this brilliant success to our arms, occurring on her soil, adds renown to the State, Mississippi can only claim a share of the glory of the achievement. Louisiana, Alabama, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri had gallant representatives, there to share the danger of the conflict and the honors of the triumph. Nor should I forest the brilliant part played in this defense by the Confederate steamer Arkansas and her heroic officers and crew. Though baffled last summer, the enemy have worked with all the energy which wounded pride and bitter hate could give them, and are now returning to the siege with larger fleets and much larger land forces. We have not been idle spectators of their preparations, and the history of Southern triumph at the Hill City I hope is not yet finished. Thanks to the energy of our mechanics and the skill of our engineers, the foremost of their gun-boat fleet lies a shattered wreck at the bottom of the Yazoo. River. The torpedo has at last done its work. I hail this success as a happy omen of our triumph over our enemies in the approaching struggle-that triumph must be sought by patient endurance and hard fighting. From all the accounts of the devastations committed wherever their troops have marched over our soil it is manifest that we have nothing to lose by fighting. Mississippi is now called on to put forth all her strength to repel the invasion of her enemies, who have discarded both the principles and practice of civilized warfare. The struggle is now for her existence as a State. Her sons have won for her an enviable renown by gallantry unsurpassed on many fields and attracted to her the bitterest hatred of the common enemy of the Confederacy.

I appeal to the Legislature for such legislation as in their wisdom they may deem necessary to enable the State to maintain the proud position among her sister State won for her by the blood of her heroic sons. Let us convince the world by our actions that all the patriotism and courage did not go out of the State with the regiments that have heretofore gone to meet the enemy on more distant fields. If Mississippi is true to her former history, I have an abiding confidence that after a few months more of suffering and trials the God who loves justice and rewards devotion will bless our land with independence and peace.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 110. Richmond, December 22, 1862.

I. The attention of the Army is called to General Orders, No. 52, from this office, requiring commanding officers to report the facts and circumstances of "extraordinary valor and skill" displayed by officers and soldiers which may entitle them to recommendation to the President for promotion to vacancies in their companies, as provided by the act of April 21, 1862; and due observance of said order is enjoined on all concerned.

II. The Fifty-second Article of War directs that "any officer or soldier who shall misbehave himself before the enemy, run away, or shamefully abandon any fort, post, or guard which he or they may be commanded to defend, or speak words inducing others to do the like,

