
or shall cast away his arms and ammunition, or who shall quit his post or colors to plunder and pillage-every such offender, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a general court-martial. "

The enforcement of the foregoing article is enjoined on all officers and non-commissioned officers of the Army; and, in order the better to carry its provisions into effect, it is hereby made the duty of all company commanders to see that the company roll is regularly called before and after each battle, and to arrest and, whenever proper, report for trial by court-martial all absentees who are without the requisite excuse.

The number of the Confederate Army who bring disgrace upon it by a violation of the article above quoted is happily small, and it is therefore the more incumbent that their disreputable conduct should be exposed and punished, and the fair name of the large number who respect its honor and character be thus publicly vindicated.

By order:

S. COOPER,]

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 229. Richmond, December 22, 1862.

X. Authority is hereby granted Captain Frank E. Burke, Seventh Confederate Regiment Cavalry, to raise a battalion of cavalry in the States of Georgia and Alabama of men not subject to conscription under the call of the President and the existing law.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

An appeal to the people of Alabama.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., December 22, 1862.

In view of the anticipated effect of the conscript law upon the militia system of the State, on the 12th day of May last I invited the able-bodied men of Alabama, not subject to conscription, to form volunteer companies. That invitation did not receive the attention it merited. The Legislature has adopted no law the improvement of the militia organization of the State. The impaired condition of that system leaves no means of making the remaining military strength of the State available for its protection and defense, except by the formation of volunteer companies. The State is now threatened from several directions. Our unscrupulous foe has collected all his resources for one stupendous effort to subjugate and enslave us. He can never repeat the effort. He makes it the crisis of his cause. If foiled in this last desperate struggle, exhausted and dispirited he must yield the contest. Our have people may congratulate themselves upon the opportunity to hasten the achievement of peace and independence by

