
an exhibition of the fortitude and courage necessary to defeat the enemy in this last great and convulsive effort. The ultimate triumph of our glorious cause is now clearer than it has ever been. There is no reason for despondency. Our people will not shrink in this their final trial. The splendid victory at Fredericksburg will be followed by still more decisive results upon other fields. By repeated shocks the enemy's vastly accumulated power will be broken. At no distant day we shall enjoy, in the blessings of peace and good government, a reward for all our suffering. Alabama must be true to herself and do her duty in the emergency. She must be ready to meet and quell the domestic and social disturbances which may spring up as the tide of war approaches, to resist hostile raids; to protect her people and their property in any assailed quarter; to give death to every wandered from the lines of our invading army, and if need be to increase the strength of the Confederate forces fighting upon our soil in its defense. For the accomplishment of these objects she looks and can voluntary movement of a patriotic people-too brave to suffer their cities and towns to be sacked, their homes to be desecrated, and their country, to be desolated, without striking a manly blow in their defense. I therefore call again upon the men and youths of the State, exempted from the service of the Confederate States by reason of their age or other cause, who are capable of bearing arms, to speedily organize themselves into companies to constitute a reserve force, subject to service in this State upon the call of the Executive. They will be called into service only when necessity requires it. Their services may never be needed, but it is the part of wisdom and manly courage to be ready. It is the part of folly and cowardice to wait until the enemy's foot is upon our soil and his muskets gleam in the hands of brutal soldiers at our doors. Shall I call in vain upon Alabamians to prepare to stand and fight upon their own soil in its defense? Alabama has given freely of her sons to our country's cause, but her warlike strength is not yet exhausted. I send to her people my warning, and I leave it for them to decide whether, in the hour of trial which may be before us, they will be ready with as much of the remaining military strength of the State as may be required.

People of Alabama! I must appeal to you for your aid to the Government in another matter. It is due to the great cause in which we are engaged; it is just to those now bravely enduring the trials and perils of actual war that all within the ages prescribed by the act of Congress, known as the conscript law, should be in the service. A considerable number of persons in every part of the State, both officers and privates, who belong to the Army and are fit for duty, are lingering at home upon various pretext, while their more manly and patriotic comrades, with ranks thinned and weakened by their absence, bear the shock of an unequal contest. So, too a large number of persons subject to conscription are shirking from the toils and perils which those of like age are, and hiding from the enrolling officer, to whom patriotism requires that they should promptly report themselves. Now, when the last great struggle of the war is upon us; now, when there is an opportunity to share in the closing triumphs of this great contest; now, when our soldiers in the field standing with fearless resolution amid sufferings and dangers which would appall men less noble and brave, call upon those of like age with themselves for aid and relief; now, when every strong right arm is needed to strike the quick and effective blows

