
which are to give us peace, it is a shame and an iniquity that those two classes of persons should successfully evade the service they owe to their country. Every community owes it to its own reputation and to the country to give no shelter to those who belong to the two classes above described, and to drive them by the withering punishment of public scorn to their proper places. I call upon all the officers, civil and military, of the State, and upon all good patriotic citizens, to give all their influence, personal or official, to constrain those persons into the path of duty and patriotism; and I especially invoke them to give their aid to the proper officers in arresting and corning those who yield to no gentler means. It may be a disagreeable task, but the evil is great and ruinous to our country's cause, and it is the part of the patriot now to shrink from no task, however disagreeable or dangerous it may be, when the country calls. It is the pride of Alabama that her soldiers never falter upon the battle-field. Let us hope that none will be permitted to hide under cover of home from their appropriate duty. I subjoin directions to guide in the formation of companies under this proclamation:

1. Each company must consist of not less than forty privates, four corporals, four sergeants, two lieutenants, and a captain. When the number of privates in a company exceeds sixty it shall be entitled to another lieutenant. The captain and lieutenants will be elected by the company, and the non-commissioned officers will be appointed by the captain.

2. As soon as the requisite number of men have been enrolled, and the company officers have been appointed, the captain will make out the muster-roll, showing the name, age, and rank of every member of the company, accompanied by the certificate of the commanding officer to the correctness of the roll. These muster-rolls will be at once forwarded to General H. P. Watson, adjutant-general of Alabama Militia, when the company will be at once adopted into the service of the State.

3. The companies thus formed will be subject to the order of the Governor, but will not be called into actual service except in cases of urgent necessity, and then they will be employed only for purposes of local and State defense.

4. Each company will provide its own arms as far as possible, and the deficiency will be supplied by the State when the company is called into actual service. Captains of companies will be authorized to purchase all the powder and lead which can be procured in their respective neighborhoods, and upon properly certified vouchers the State will pay for the same, which will be retained for company use, to be accounted for by company commanders. It is earnestly hoped that every man in the State who has in his possession either arms or munitions, which he is not able to use in the public service, will place them at the disposal of his neighbors who attach themselves to this organization.

5. It is not intended that this organization shall interfere with the business pursuits of the people, as the companies will only be called into service in cases of actual necessity; but for the purpose of acquiring some proficiency in drill, I request that in all our cities and large towns the business hours may be closed, at 8 p. M., that the balance of the day may be devoted to drilling, and that companies organized in the country will drill as often as practicable, not to interfere too seriously with their industrial pursuits. Even should this arrangement occasion some inconvenience, the public safety requires it and no good citizen will hesitate to adopt it.

