
6. All companies reported under this proclamation will be enrolled as part of the State guard. When called into service they will be paid and subsisted by the State as other troops. Should it be thought necessary, the companies will be united into battalions and regimentvent the field officers will be appointed by the Governor.

7. All companies desiring to do so may, by complying with its provisions, be regarded as an organization under the act of Congress of 13th October, 1862, a copy of which is appended to this proclamation. *

Companies desiring to be so organized should report to me.

In testimony whereof I, John Gill Shorter, Governor of the State of Alabama, have hereunto set my land and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed this the 22d day of December, A. D. 1862, and of the Confederate States the second year.

[SEAL.]

JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

By the Governor:

P. H. BRITTAN,

Secretary of State.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, Fla., December 22, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: By direction of His Excellency Governor Milton I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of a preamble and resolution adopted by the General Assembly of the State of Florida at its late session requesting Your Excellency "to allow persons in this State liable to conscription until the 15th March, 1863, to volunteer in the Confederate service for the defense of the State,"

and most respectfully to ask your favorable consideration of the same.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL BENEZET,

Private Secretary to the Governor.

[Inclosure.]

RESOLUTION requesting the President to allow persons in this State liable to conscription until 15th March, to volunteer in the Confederate service for the defense of the State.

Whereas, the citizens of the State of Florida capable of bearing arms have enlisted in the service of the Confederate States to so great an extent as to leave but few at home for the protection of the women and children of the State and the control of the slaves;

And whereas, the number of slaves and the quantity of provisions, cotton, and tobacco in the State left thereby comparatively unprotected by reason of the small number of troops serving in Florida, the proximity of the coast to the rich planting regions, and the accessibility of the country by means of the rivers Saint John's and Apalachicola render the State an inviting field for invasion by the enemy;

And whereas, a successful invasion by the enemy would be attended by most disastrous results to the country at large in the loss of a

---------------

* See p. 206.

---------------

