
appointed or sent either to that city or to the point of delivery, as you may advise. Report from you, as early and whenever the opportunity offers, of your prospects and proceedings will be acceptable to the Department.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[DECEMBER 23, 1862. -For proclamation of Jefferson Davis, denouncing Benjamin F. Butler as a felon and outlaw, see Series II, VOL. V, p. 795.]

MONTGOMERY, December 23, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Randolph County defies enforcement of conscript act; an armed force made jailer surrender keys and liberated deserters. Infection will spread unless promptly arrested. Advise sending battalion of Colonel Hannon's cavalry regiment, now at this place, to Randolph County. Major Hannon, commanding conscript camp, and the State can supply arms, &amp;c. Major Swanson needs another company of same regiment, the greater portion of the company he has being out after deserters from his camp. I say again, speedy action is necessary or deserters from every quarter will increase. Unreliable conscripts from this State should be sent to Virginia at once.

JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, December 24, 1862.

Hon. JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

Please communicate following order to Colonel Hannon, viz:

Proceed immediately with your battalion of cavalry to Randolph County, Ala., and there take efficient measures to enforce the conscript act. Suppress inflection and arrest deserters. If possible send a company of your regiment to Major Swanson. The State will furnish you with arms, &c.

Please also communicate the following to Captain R. H. Powell, viz:

You are assigned to the command of Camp Watts, Ala. Report orders to Major Swanson.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, Fla., December 24, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: By direction of the Governor I have the honor to transmit to Your Excellency copies of resolutions passed by the General Assembly of the State of Florida at its late session, viz: Resolution to guarantee

