
by the States the debt of the Confederate Government; * resolution in relation to the present war. +

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL BENEZET,

Private Secretary to His Excellency Governor John Milton.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., December 24, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

The sick and wounded soldiers from the State of Mississippi demand at the hands of the Legislature that attention which will insure their comfort and proper treatment. The hospital system of the C. S. Army is necessarily imperfect, and it has failed to give that speedy relief to our suffering soldiery which their cases often imperatively demand. A more perfect system of hospitals, perhaps, under existing circumstances cannot now be established without the assistance of the States themselves. I have good reason to believe that separate State hospitals, whenever they have been permitted to be established by the Confederate authorities, have done much good. And it is believed also that the appointment by State authority of skillful and efficient surgeons to visit the hospitals in the different departments and see to the condition of our sick and wounded soldiers would result in much good. I therefore recommend that the Legislature make provision by law for the appointment of at least two competent surgeons-one for the Department of Virginia and the other for the West-whose duty it shall be to attend to the wants of our sick and wounded in their respective departments.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[DECEMBER 24, 1862. -For Governor of Texas to Magruder, in relation "to calling out at once all the militia the State can possibly arm," see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 840.]

C. S. WAR DEPARTMENT, ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., December 26, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report and recommendations relative to the engineer service of the C. S. Army:

During the past campaign the greater part of the officers composing the Corps of Engineers have been actively employed in the direct line of their profession, but the emergencies of the service have called to other duties a number of the officers belonging to the regular corps who have had the most experience as military engineers. Of the thirteen officers composing this corps, and formerly in the U. S. Army, seven have thus detached, and four of the remaining six had a very limited experience in the former service. The great and responsible labor of the military engineer in our Army has been in consequence committed to the officers of the provisional corps, who have been necessarily appointed from the civil engineers of the country. Many of these, though of clever attainments in their profession, had

---------------

* See December 15, p. 237.

+ See December 11, p. 233.

---------------

