
Southern sky. I do not share in these illusions, and see the long road we still have to travel through the chaos that Northern madness and folly has occasioned. I do not send you the journals I have filled, nor other things collected, because time and opportunity have not [been] given me.

Trusting that this may also plead the apology for this hurried and informal communication, which I have barely had time to write in haste,

Very respectfully,

EDWIN DE LEON.

P. S. -I have discovered that Bishop Hughes is busily beating up recruits in Ireland and haranguing for the North. I have taken active, and I believe efficient, measures to counteract his labors, and have myself many Catholic friends in Ireland in the priesthood and elsewhere. He boasts he can bring 20,000 men to the rescue of the North. We shall see.

E. D.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 53. Richmond, July 31, 1862.

I. Persons who are liable to conscription under the act of April 16, 1862, will not be taken to serve as partisan rangers. Such as may be engaged for that branch of service must be over thirty-five years of age.

II. Only aides-de-camp are to be considered as the personal staff of general officers; all other general staff officers assigned to the commands of general officers, or who may be attached by assignment to their respective headquarters, will be regarded as forming a part of their entire commands; and any change of commanding officers in such commands will not imply a change in the assignment of the general staff officers.

* * * *

IV. All seizures and impressments of any description of property whatever, and especially of arms and ordnance stores belonging to the States of the Confederacy, are hereby prohibited, and officers of the C. S. Army are enjoined to abstain carefully from such seizures and impressments; and in case they are made by mistake, such officers are ordered to make prompt restitution.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, NITER AND MINING BUREAU,

Richmond, July 31, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to present a report of the operations of this Bureau from its organization, in April last, to July, 1862. Under instructions from the Chief of Ordnance especial attention was first given to the home production of niter, after that to lead, next to

