
Constitution as above quoted, and to interfere with no part of the militia of this State who have been called forth by the State and actually mustered into her service to be used for the suppression of insurrection and the repulsion of invasion. Inclosed I also send copy of the general order from the office of the adjutant and inspector general of this State, under which the two regiments are to be organized.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

Resolutions passed by the General Assembly of Georgia authorizing the Governor to organize two regiments of State troops to be employed in the military service of the State for the protection of her people against the invading forces of the enemy and for internal police duty.

Resolved by the General Assembly, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized to call into the service of the State two regiments of militia, to consist of companies not exceeding 100 men, rank and file, including the two companies now in service on the Western and Atlantic Railroad; such amount of said force to be employed for guarding and protecting the railroad bridges of this State as he may deem necessary, and the remainder of said force to be used for such purposes and at such points in this State as to His Excellency shall seem advisable.

Resolved further, That His Excellency the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized in raising said regiments to advertise and call for volunteers from all the militia except the part in actual service of the Confederacy, and from such able-bodied citizens of this State not subject to military duty as will volunteer, stating where each regiment will be located or expected to perform service; and the same shall be organized by the adjutant-general of this State pursuant to the laws of force in said State and such rules and regulations consistent therewith as he may prescribe thereof.

Resolved further, That the regiments so organized shall be governed by and subject to the Rules and Articles of War of the Confederate States, the military laws of the Confederate States, and the Confederate Regulations for the Army, so far as consistent with the constitution of Georgia.

Resolved further, That the pay and allowance of the officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates shall be the same as in the Confederate Army, and drawn from the military fund provided for the year 1863 according to the usage now obtaining.

WARREN AKIN,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk of House of Representatives.

JOHN BILLUPS,

President of the Senate.

JAMES M. MOBLEY,

Secretary of the Senate.

Approved December 13, 1862.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

