
[Inclosure No. 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, STATE OF GEORGIA, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 23. Milledgeville, December 17, 1862.

Under the resolution of the General Assembly assented to December 13, 1862, authorizing two regiments to be organized for the service of the State, the Governor will accept the first fifteen companies tendered that shall consist of not less than 90 nor more than 100 men, rank and file. In addition, he will accept three companies to be made up within the counties of Gilmer, Fannin, Union, Towns, Rabun, Habersham, White, and Lumpkin as soon as tendered, if made up within a reasonable time-say thirty days from the date of this order. In his opinion reasons exist which justify the exception from the State at large of the counties above named, and he hopes that those citizens within these counties who may have been dissatisfied will no longer stand out against the laws of their country, but will, now that an opportunity is offered, take up arms in defense of their own State. All the companies thus raised will serve within the limits of Georgia, and so soon as ninety-four men are actually associated together, will elect their company officers, to wit, captain, first, second, and third lieutenants, pursuant to the laws now of force in the State.

These eighteen companies, when organized, together with two companies of bridge guards already in service, will be formed into two regiments of ten companies each. The ten companies organized nearest the upper line of the State will constitute the first regiment, and the ten companies organized nearest the lower line of the State will form the second regiment. Until further orders the headquarters of the first regiment will be at Atlanta and of the second regiment at Macon, though the companies of each will be stationed at different points and be moved frequently, either by detachments or by company, through the counties of that division of the State of which they may be attached, the better to suppress insurrection and to preserve the public peace. When necessary the companies of each regiment will be concentrated or otherwise combined, as in the opinion of the Governor the interests of the State may require.

By the resolution of the General Assembly authorizing these regiments, it is provided that the "Governor shall advertise and call for volunteers from all the militia except the part in actual service of the Confederacy, and from such able-bodied citizens of this State not subject to military duty as will volunteer. " It is to be distinctly understood, therefore, that no one between the ages of eighteen and forty-five will be received who has been actually enrolled into the Confederate service by any enrolling officer of that service. On the other hand, the Legislature claims the right for any one to volunteer for the State service who is not in actual service in the Confederacy; and it is expected that no one who has been mustered into the State service will afterward be disturbed by any enrolling officer. As these two regiments are auxiliary to the great objects of the Confederacy, there is no reason why perfect harmony should not exist between the State and the Confederacy in their organization. Any colonel, lieutenant-colonel, major, or captain of the militia in actual commission is hereby authorized to muster into the service of the State any and all persons presenting themselves as volunteers, and as fast as mustered in to give to each a furlough of fifteen days and a certificate that he has been so mustered in; and if any person thus mustered in does not within fifteen days associate himself with one of the first fifteen companies to be formed, as above provided, and tendered to the Governor,

