
he will be considered as discharged from service without cost to the State. Any company failing to tender as one of the first fifteen will be rejected, and the individuals composing it will no longer be considered as in the service of the State.

As these regiments may be needed during the war or for a shorter period, they will be taken into the service for no specified term, but until disbanded. The pay and allowances of the officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of these regiments will be the same as in the Confederate Army.

The following oath of allegiance will be administered by mustering officers to such as may volunteer:

I,

-----

-------

, do solemnly swear or affirm (as the case may be) that I will bear true allegiance to the State of Georgia, and that I will serve her honestly and faithfully against all her enemies or opposes whatsoever, and observe and obey the orders of the Governor of the State of Georgia, and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to the rules and articles for the government of the troops of Georgia.

Sworn to and subscribed before me at

-------

this the

-------

day of

--------

, 18-.

The following certificate will be given to persons mustered in as above:

I certify that

-----

-------

ha this day been mustered into the military service of the State of Georgia by me under General Orders, No. 23, of December 17, 1862, from the adjutant and inspector general's office, and that he has a furlough for fifteen days from this date, with the privilege within that time to associate himself with any volunteer company which he may select and to assist in its organization, with the right to vote for his officers. The officer mustering in will forward the name of each person of mustered in to the adjutant and inspector general's office.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 112. Richmond, December 30, 1862.

I. The Bureau of Superintendent of Conscripts having been established in this city under the direction of Brigadier Gen. Gabriel J. Rains, all reports, returns, and communication from commanders of camps of instruction will hereafter be addressed to that Bureau.

II. The Ordnance Bureau will hereafter transfer to the Quartermaster's Department all ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies for which transportation may be required, which department will be charged with and responsible for the safe and speedy delivery of the same.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA HEADQUARTERS,

Columbia, December 30, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose certified copy of "An act to organize and supply negro labor for coast defense, &amp;c.," to which I ask your immediate attention.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

