
SEC. 8. That in case of any attack by the enemy the slaves shall be immediately removed to some place of safety, and it shall be the duty of the State agent oversees to carry this provision promptly into execution, subject to the order and direction of the Confederate commanding officer at the time and place where the slaves are employed.

SEC. 9. That before the slaves shall be employed in labor by the Confederate authorities they shall be assessed by an assessor to be chosen by said authorities, and an sensor, selected by the owner or State agent; the assessment shall be in writing and contain the name of the owner, the name or names of the slave or slaves, and his or their respective value to be taken in duplicate in presence of the State agent, who shall certify the same, one copy to be delivered to the owner and the other to be retained by the Confederate authorities, and such assessment shall be conclusive of the value of said slave or slaves.

SEC. 10. That it shall be the duty of the commissioners of roads to see that one or more of their number be present at respective railroad depots, where the said slaves are delivered to the State agent by the owner, to verify the quota which each owner is bound to furnish under the call, and in default thereof they shall be liable to the same penalties as now provided by law for not summoning hands to work on the railroads in the several districts.

SEC. 11. That if any owner of slaves shall neglect or refuse to send his slave or slaves liable to the call hereinbefore mentioned after the notice herein provided shall have been given him or her by the commissioner so to do, such owners shall be liable to the same fines and penalties now provided by statute law for default in the performance of road duty, of which default the Board of Commissioners shall have full jurisdiction.

SEC. 12. That no slave-owner shall be exempt from supplying slave labor for such requisitions by reason of his slave or slaves being employed at the passage of this act in manufacturing or on railroads, or in the bolding of salt, or in any Government contract; but in such case the owner may commute for such service by paying into the State treasury a sum of money to be computed at eleven dollars per month for each of such slaves for the time their labor would have been required under this act.

SEC. 13. That in the apportioning of the levies in the said several divisions slave-owners who have already furnished the slave labor shall be credited thereof in the requisitions to be made under this act, and no more labor shall be required from such owners than may be sufficient, with the labor already furnished by them, respectively, to make up their respective quotas.

In the Senate house the eighteenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and in the eighty-seventh year of the sovereignty and independence of the State of South Carolina.

W. D. PORTER,

President of the Senate.

A. P. ALDRICH,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SECRETARY OF STATE'S OFFICE,

Columbia, December 29, 1862.

I hereby certify the foregoing to be a true copy of an act entitled "An act to organize and supply negro labor for coast defenses in compliance

