
with requisitions of the Confederate Government," ratified the 18th day of December, A. D. 1862, and now on file in this office; words "Government of the "interlined on first PAGEbefore certifying.

Given under my hand and the seal of the State.

[SEAL.]

WM. R. HUNTT,

Deputy Secretary of State.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 306. Richmond, December 31, 1862.

* * *

XV. Maj George Johnston, quartermaster, is hereby assigned to duty as inspector of field transportation. He will receive from time to time instructions from the Quartermaster-General and will be governed accordingly.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 31, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Having asked a conference of the presidents and superintendents of the railroads in the Confederate States on the 15th instant at Augusta, Ga., for the purpose of consultation as to Government transportation, I have the honor to report the result of that conference of my subsequent action:

Agreeably to my call there was a general attendance, and, after organizing, I read to the convention a letter (copy of which is hereto attached and marked A) setting forth as briefly as possible the object to be accomplished and expressing a desire on my part to do all that I could to aid the roads. Whereupon the convention appointed three committees, one to confer me and report business for the convention; one to take into consideration a tariff of charges for Government transportation, and one to report a schedule to be run between Richmond, Va., Montgomery, Ala. The committee appointed to confer with me had under consideration a plan or system to be adopted by which to carry on Government transportation. This committee was unable to agree and so reported to the convention, but submitted a plan which had been suggested by a part of the committee, and which I believed would work satisfactorily. In the report of the convention this plan appears as having been proposed by me, whereas it was, as I have said, suggested by a part of the committee; but as they could not agree and did not submit a majority and minority report this method was taken to bring some plan before the convention. Upon this plan some debate was had, and when it was put to vote it was rejected, as will be seen by the report of the convention (which is hereto attached and marked B.) Having rejected this plan, a resolution was introduced expressing an earnest desire to co-operate with me in carrying on Government transportation, but failing to agree upon any definite plan of action I regarded the resolution as of no value beyond the expression of the good wishes of the convention. The committee

