
roads, while that of others has been scattered over distant lines leaving the owners without sufficient to transact their business, is among them. As a partial remedy to the roads in want of rolling-stock, I propose to part with all that is owned by Government, and I desire the roads having a superabundance to supply (as far as practicable) those that are deficient. I do not suppose there is enough to supply all, yet a fair distribution will very much relieve the wants of the country, and I trust that those more fortunate than their neighbors will promptly come to their relief in this time of need. To prevent cars from being scattered I think that an arrangement should be entered into in reference to interchange between roads, and when once determined on let it be rigidly enforced. In providing for transshipment it may be desirable that exceptions should be made for heavy ordnance. I requested the Quartermaster-General to have his bureau represented at your meeting in order to meet any questions that may arise in reference to evidence of transportation or of auditing your accounts, and to represent this department allow me to introduce to you Major Wood and Captain Smith, of the Quartermaster's Department. If there are other mattes in reference to Government transportation upon which it is desirable to have an understanding, or if there is anything I can do as the agent of the Government to facilitate transportation, I shall be very willing to co-operate with your. With this brief statement of my object in calling you together, I trust that you will united in trying to accomplish the desired object. With your cordial co-operation I am sure all difficulties will vanish, and without that co-operation I am equally certain that my appointment will be of no avail. In conclusion let me beg that you will take sufficient time to mature whatever we undertake to do. I desire all possible dispatch, but from my past experience in meetings of this character I am satisfied that there is too much haste in bringing them to a close.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WADLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

B.

AUGUSTA, December 15, 1862.

Pursuant to a call from Colonel William M. Wadley, assistant adjutant-general the convention of railroad officers met in the Masonic Hall at 10 a. m. On motion of Mr. Pollard, Mr. Cuyler, president of the Georgia Central Railroad, was called to the chair, and Alfred L. Tyler and William L. Clark, were appointed as secretaries. The meeting having been organized, the following roads were found to be represented:

Alabama and Florida Railroad of Alabama, C. T. Pollard, president, S. G. Jones, superintendent; Alabama and Mississippi Rivers road, W. S. Knox, secretary and treasurer; Alabama and Tennessee, T. A. Walker, president, William Rothrock, superintendent and engineer; Alabama Shelby Coal Mine Branch, William Rothrock, superintendent and engineer; Atlanta and West Point, John P. King, president, George G. Hull, superintendent; Georgia Central and branches, R. R. Cuyler, president, G. W. Adams, superintendent; Charleston and Savannah, B. D. Hassell, president; East Tennessee and Georgia, C. Wallace, president; East Tennessee and Virginia, J. R. Brancher, president; Rogersville and Jefferson, R. C. Payne, president; Florida, Atlantic and Gulf, S. L. Niblack, president and superintendent;

18 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

