
Government to take the direction of Government transportation; and the railroads cheerfully pledge to the Government their assistance and co-operation with Colonel Wadley in carrying out the wishes of the Government and in perfecting the connection of roads and quick transfer of freights and passengers from road to road.

Mr. Owen offered the following resolution, which was adopted:

Resolved, That in view of the existing necessity of some agent for the Government upon each line of railroad, the superintendent of each road be requested to offer his service to Colonel Wadley, assistant adjutant-general, and assist him in carrying out his views and make such reports to him as may be deemed necessary to him.

The committee on transportation submitted the following amended report, which, on motion, was adopted:

REPORT.

In view of the greatly enhanced value of every article entering into the consumption of railroad companies have been forced to increase their charges for the transportation of freight and passengers in their general business, your committee can see no reason or justice for retaining the present rates for carrying for the Government. We therefore submit the following tariff of charges: For troops-To be 2 1\2 cents per man per mile on main or thoroughfare lines, and on side or local lines, 3 1\2 cents per mile. All soldiers on furlough to be charged at the foregoing rates. Commissioned officers or Government agents traveling with or without requisitions shall be charged full fare. The road to be class by Colonel Wadley, chief of Government transportation. On things-First class, percussion-caps, powder, and fixed ammunition, 60 cents per 100 pounds per 100 miles. Second class, all articles not enumerated in the first, third, fourth, and fifth classes, 30 cents per 100 pounds per 100 miles. Third class, live stock, $30 per car per 100 miles; less than a carload local rates will be charged. Fourth class, hay, fodder, shucks, bran, straw, empty wagons, ambulances, and other Government carriages, $20 per carload per 100 miles. Fifth class, wood, coal, lumber, stone, and bricks to be carried by special contract, or at local rates of each road. For all distances less than 50 miles, to be paid as 50 miles, and for 50 miles and less than 100 miles, to be paid as 100 miles. Extra or special trains ordered by proper authority, to be paid for at the rate of $1 per mile for the locomotive and one car, and for every additional car 10 cents per mile for freight and 15 cents per mile for passenger cars. When an officer having proper authority orders a train to be held in readiness for transportation of troops, the proper charge for the locomotive shall be $25 per day and $3 per day for each car, including the services of conductor, engineer, train hands, and firemen while so held, and no charge to be less than for one day. When trains of one road pass over another carrying troops or freight of any kind, the road owning the train shall receive as full compensation for such trains one-eight of its earnings, to be paid by the road owning the track passed over. For the transportation of the bodies of soldiers killed in battle or that die in service each road shall adopt its own rules and rates of charge. The Government should in all case state by what train, freight or passenger, the transportation is to be performed, and when it is by passenger train 50 per cent. additional to the foregoing rates shall be charged. It is the decided and unanimous opinion of the committee that all Government trains should be discontinued at once and the machinery turned over to the roads most in need of it, to be determined by Colonel Wadley, chief of Government transportation. The committee recombed the rates fixed in this report be not applied to roads west of the Mississippi River. The committee submit the following resolutions and recommend their adoption:

1. Resolved, That the foregoing rates of transportation of men and things and the rules of charges set forth in this report be, and the same are hereby, adopted, to take effect on the 1st day of January next.

2. Resolved, That this convention are of opinion that the amount due each railroad company for transportation of men of things should be settled monthly by the quartermaster nearest the principal office of the company within fifteen days after the close of the month.

Respectfully submitted.

S. L. FREMONT.

