
tarrying in the country wasted by the repeated ravages of war General Lee, with boldness and dexterity, passes his army rapidly into Maryland. There will part of his forces he penetrated to the center of the State, collecting large stores of much-needed supplies, and by strong appeals rousing the people of that oppressed State to strike for their own deliverance. With another portion the rapid Jackson moved to the capture of Harper's Ferry with its hostile force of 11,000 men and great stores of munitions and supplies. This saws crowned with perfect success and must be recognized as among the most brilliant achievements of the war. Under the shock of our victories in the Valley and around Richmond and of the successes of our arms in the west the Federal Executive, still tenacious of the hope to crush us by surpassing numbers and resources, had ordered a draft of 600,000 more men to be at once furnished and hurried to the support of his still superior but disheartened armies. From the numbers of this call may be inferred both the extent of the panic and the losses of the enemy from our successive victories. At the commencement of the campaign they had based their boasts and their hopes on having 700,000 men in arms for our overthrow, and before that campaign was half completed their fears called for nearly a duplication of their original numbers.

While the events last described were occurring rapid and great additions under this call had been made to the Federal armies and not merely of untrained levies since the judicious disposition of them in garrisons and the remoter and less exposed theaters of action had placed at disposal large numbers of their best troops whose spirits had not been broken by defeat. By these means General McClellan, who had been summoned with his shattered remnant of the grand army to the defense of the Capital, was enabled at the head of an immense army to issue forth to attack General Lee and relieve Harper's Ferry. The movement, though more prompt than was anticipated, was too late for the latter purpose, as Harper's Ferry had already yielded, yet it brought him in the face of our forces they had been concentrated from that and their other operations in Maryland. The first shock, of his whole force was of the columns of General Lee's army guarding his rear at Boonsborough, and though most bravely sustained and even repelled by the gallant General D. H. Hill, yet his necessary retirement to the point of concentration selected by General Lee gave to the enemy the appearance of a first success, and was unscrupulously trumpeted as a great victory to animate the hopes and courage of the Federal army. Thus reinspirited with treble odds of numbers and artillery they ventured an attack on General Lee in the position near Sharpsburg, where he had collected the larger portion of the forces remaining to him after so many arduous marches and glorious victories. The battle, protracted from morn to night, was stubborn and bloody, but resulted in the final repulse of the enemy from all our positions. The field reMained in our occupancy and the next morning to the challenging fire of our guns no response was made and no enemy appeared. McClellan had withdrawn, as afterward appeared, some five miles in retreat. The victory was ours, but gained over numbers already overwhelming and certain to be immediately re-enforced, it could not be followed up and improved. Exhausted by the unwonted celerity of past movements and by the inevitable losses of his many victories, and exposed to have his communications and supplies intercepted by his host of foes, General Lee judiciously withdrew his army, with all its numbers and stores, in

