
III. Enrolling officers will furnish to commandants of camps of instruction, at the end of each month, a complete roll of the conscripts made by them duriuch rolls will also embrace the names of persons who have been enrolled and exempted within that period. One copy of these rolls will be immediately forwarded by the commandants of the camps of instruction to the chief of the Bureau of Conscription in Richmond for file and future reference.

IV. All commissioned officers between the ages of eighteen and forty who have become disconnected with the Army by the operation of General Orders, Nos. 48 and 96, of 1862, or by reason of the nonre-election, resignation, or dismissal, unless actually disabled (of which they must furnish evidence), are subject to conscription; and while substitutes between the above ages, and who are not embraced in the provisions of the exemption law, will be held in service to the end of the terms for which they have engaged, the principals within the same ages, for whom the subsistence may have engaged to serve, will be liable to conscription.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 2. Richmond, January 3, 1863.

I. The following orders are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

Recognizing the necessity of officers of railroads having full control of their business, in order to insure safety and dispatch in transportation, military officers are prohibited from interfering with the engines, cars, running of trains, or with the control and managements, in any way, of railroads.

II. When transportation of troops or freight by railroad is necessary, a quartermaster or other authorized officer shall make requisition for the same upon the superintendent or proper officer of the railroad, furnishing the necessary evidence of transportation and delivering the troops or freight to be transported.

III. In the event that more freight is to be transported over any road than the road has the ability to carry promptly, the officer furnishing evidence of transportation will indicate to the railroad officer what shall take precedence. In the absence of any special order as to what freight shall go first, the railroad officer shall be governed by any general order the Quartermaster-General may issue in regard thereto.

IV. Where troops or freight is to be moved out of the usual routine of a railroad, the officer having charge of such movement will fix with the superintendent, or other officer of the road on which the movement is to be made, the day and hour of departure, and when so fixed the troops or freight must be ready at the appointed time.

V. In the event of any military necessity for an unusual movement at any particular point, the commanding officer at such post will communicate fully the character and extent of service to the principal officer of the road or roads from which it is required, and ask the personal supervision of the proper railroad officers to the duty.

VI. Quartermasters and commissioners will exercise discretion in shipping freight not wanted for immediate use, and that may be

