
stored at safe and convenient points, taking care not to block up roads and thereby impeded transportation.

VII. When it is necessary to send a special messenger with freight, such messenger must travel with the freight placed in his charge, and his transportation shall be so specified on its face, in order to prevent him from traveling in any other way.

VIII. Enrolling officers will permit conscripts enrolled while in the employment of railroads to remain at their duties until Colonel William M. Wadley, assistant adjutant-general, decides as to who of them it is necessary should be detailed for service on the road.

IX. Any violation of these orders, or remissness on the part of railroad officers to perform promptly all Government transportation, will be reported to Colonel William M. Vadley, assistant adjutant-general, who will indicate from time to time where his headquarters will be.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Act of the Legislature of Mississippi.

AN ACT to authorize the impressment of slaves and other personal property for military purposes.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, That to provide for the public safety by aiding the military forces of this State and of the Confederate States engaged in defending the same to repel invasion and repress insurrection, the Governor of this State be, and he is hereby, invested with full power to impress able-bodied male slaves between the ages of eighteen and fifty years, or so many thereof as he may deem necessary, or as may be required by the military necessities or existences of the State, or as may be called for or required by the military commander of the State or Confederate forces therein, with the use of tools and implements, wagons, teams, and harness which may be necessary to render the labor of the slaves impressed effective; also subsistence for the same.

* * * *

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the owners of all slaves impresses into the military service under the foregoing section shall be entitled to the same pay, rations, clothing, or communication therefor for each of them as privates in the military service of this State, the said pay to be made monthly in advance by warrant of the State treasury upon the requisition of the Governor to the auditor, founded upon the return by the party making the impressment; but if the owner or owners of such slaves as impressed shall refuse to receive such compensation, then the party making the impressment shall act as arbitrator in behalf of the State, and the owner shall select a disinterested party to act as arbitrator in his behalf, and they to select an umpire in case of disagreement, who shall proceed to assess the monthly value of the service of the slave or slaves so impressed, and the award shall be final.

* * * *

SEC. 11. Be it further enacted, That the Governor shall prescribe rules and regulations which shall be observed by all military commanders and other persons having charge of slaves hereby

