
impressed, for the employment of suitable oversees or managers for the same, and also for the necessary care, protection, health, medical treatment, and return of said slaves.

SEC. 12. Be it further enacted, That if any slave impressed under this act shall die or become permanently disabled by reason of neglect or want of proper attention or care on the part of any of the agents or officers of the government of the State or the Confederate States, or shall be killed, disabled, or taken by the enemy, the owner of such slave shall be entitled to be paid all damages sustained thereby out of the State treasury, and it shall be the duty of the Governor, on application of the owner, agent, overseer, manager, or person having possession of such slave, to appoint one suitable person as arbitrator on behalf of the State, and such owner, agent, overseer, manager, or other person shall appoint an arbitrator on the part of such owner, who shall proceed under oath to ascertain the value of such slave or other damage sustained by such owner, with power to appoint an umpire in case of disagreement, and the award, of the majority of them, made in writing, shall be filed in the auditor's office, and the auditor shall issue his warrant for the amount of such award whenever the Legislature shall have made an appropriation for that purpose.

SEC. 13. Be it further enacted, That this act take effect and be in force from and after its passage, and continue in force for and during the continuance of the present war.

Approved January 3, 1863.

UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA,

January 3, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We are advised by the notice of the enrolling officer of the Seventh Congressional District that the enrollment for military service of all persons between the ages of eighteen and forty will be enforced for the county of Albemarle between the 8th and 13th of the present month. We are also advised that students over eighteen years of age are subjects of conscription.

The faculty of the university, impressed with the conviction that the withdrawal of students from the institution as conscripts would seriously affect its interests, and perhaps jeopardizewithout adding appreciably to the military strength of the Confederacy, have requested me to address you on the subject and ask your favorable interposition in such manner as may appear to you expedient and consistent with your sense of duty.

I am too sensible of the value of your time to the public service to trouble you with a recital of the considerations which, in the opinion of the Board of Victors as well as the faculty, render it of the last importance to the future prospects of the institution that its operations should be continued without interruption during the war. Among these considerations I may merely cite the danger of the permanent loss of the annuity if operations are once suspended. The authorities are committed with, I believe, entire unanimity to the policy of continuance, notwithstanding the discouraging fact that the number of students has been reduced from upward of 600 in 1861 to less than 40 in 1863. The conscription falling upon the small

