
number now attending the lectures will almost certainly inflict a blow which will prostrate the institution and close its doors during the war. I have to-day examined the matriculation book, and find the whole number of students now subjects to conscription, excluding three Marylanders, amounts to eighteen. Some of these have come of military age since they entered the university in October, and a majority have been in military service at some time during the war, but have been discharged for various causes. If the conscription is enforced in regard to students, I do not think that more than ten conscripts, if so many, can be added to he Army from the university, but the process of enrollment and subsequent proceedings will so interrupt the routine of duties at the university as to render the remainder of the session of little profit to those who may not be withdrawn, if it should not lead to an absolute suspension of the operations of the institution. I trust, therefore, you may deem it expedient, under the discretionary power vested in the President by the act of the 16th April, 1862, to exempt 'such other persons as he shall be satisfied, on account of justice, equity, or necessity, ought to be exempted," which power, it is presumed, is practically exercised through the Secretary of War, to instruct the enrolling officer, Colonel Alex. Taliaferro, for the Seventh Congressional District, not to include the students of the university in the enrollment for his district; or, if the enrollment is indispensable, perhaps you might deem it expedient to grant all the students taken as conscripts furloughs until the close of the present session- 4th of July-when they might be required to report for duty. May I ask you the favor to make known to me at an early day any measure of relief you may be pleased to grant, that the uneasiness and uncertainly in prospect of the conscription may be removed.

With the highest, respect,

S. MAUPIN,

Chairman of the Faculty.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Columbia, January 5, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor of transmitting to you on the 30th of December a copy of an act passed by the Legislature of this State at its recent session, entitled "An act to organize and supply negro labor for coast defense, in compliance with requisitions of the Confederate Government," and of requesting an expression of assent or dissent to the provisions of the said act on the part of the Government. Referring to the third section of the said act, I beg leave to renew the request made in my last communication on this subject, and am,

With great respect, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Raleigh, N. C., January 6, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Some time since when in Richmond I had the honor to mention to the President the subject of enforcing the conscription in counties wholly or in part under the control of the enemy. In view of the difficulty of the case, I asked his consent to raise by volunteering

