
tons per working day. A The silver Hill Mine, North Carolina, can be improved, and in case of urgency the yield quickened by neglecting for a time the silver percentage. B The Petersburg Smelting Works are in fine order to desilverize this ore. The opening Jackson mine near Jonesborough, Ten., is being pressed and stocked with labor drawn off from experimental work in Albemarle and other localities in Virginia that were not yielding well. The necessary machinery will be sent out and put up at an early day.

In Arkansas, if labor and machinery can be procured in time for results, lead mining will be started under instructions on Government account.

The present yield from our mines averages between three and four tons per working day. This is not equal to the Army demand. The residue has thus far been more than met by importation and the collection of scrap lead, in which the Bureau agents have been quite active.

Copper. -The Bureau has been instructed not to press the subject, the Ducktown, Ten., mines yielding sufficient for the present demand. The Virginia mines, Carroll and Grayson Counties, can be worked. D

In sulphur the same instructions have been received. Good localities have been selected for sulphur works when necessary; contracts have been signed with private parties, but no returns have yet been made.

To systemize the supervision of mining interests, a mining desk is about being arranged in the Bureau under charge of a competent officer. In acknowledging the valuable aid of the gentlemen in our corps, I beg to refer to the accompanying list of their names. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. M. ST. JOHN,

Major and Superintendent.

RICHMOND, July 31, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: To obtain a full supply of clothing for the Army is becoming more embarrassing and difficult as the raw material is diminishing and the machinery employed in its manufacture becomes worn out. Every exertion has been made to render all the resources of the country available; but if, in the matter of clothing and shoes, there were ample supplies of the raw material the capacity to manufacture them is wanting, thereby rendering it certain that a reliance upon our own sources of supply will be in vain. The prices of all goods are enormous, those from abroad bringing readily in open market 300 or 400 per cent. on their cost in Europe. In view of these facts, I respectfully recommend as the only effective mode of relief from these difficulties and embarrassments that an officer be dispatched to Europe to purchase cloth, shoes, blankets, and other indispensable articles of issue to the troops. The Government would save largely by purchasing abroad, even if one of every three cargoes were lost. To depend upon private enterprise to import these goods is to trust a

---------------

a This remains to be seen when the cold weather comes on. -[J. G.]

b Which has been ordered. -[J. G.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

