
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, January 7, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR CONFEDERATE STATES,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency John J. Pettus, Governor of Mississippi, to say to you that in October last all Mississippi State troops in active service, militia and volunteers, were placed under the orders of the Confederate authorities of this department, with the understanding that during the time they should so remain they were to be treated in all respects like Confederate troops. In pursuance of this understanding Lieutenant-General Pemberton issued his General Orders, No. 7, an extract of which you will find inclosed. Since that time another question has come up not heretofore provided for. It is this: Cavalrymen of the State troops have their horses killed in battle, and thereby lose their saddles, bridles, &amp;c., and guns, and call upon the Confederate authorities for payment thereof, which is refused upon the ground that they are State troops. This decision, His Excellency thinks, is not right, and refers the matter for your adjudication. The property being lost in the Confederate service, the Confederate Government should pay for the same. Your earliest attention is called to the above.

Very respectfully,

JAMES H. RIVES,

Private Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 19, 1863.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Have allowances been made in such cases?

J. A. S.

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 21, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The seventh section of the act (No. 48) approved March 1, 1861, provides in the last clause that volunteers shall be allowed compensation for horses killed in action. In the previous part of the section reference is made to "militia or volunteers," &c., but the last clause just quoted excludes all mention of the former. The construction would seem to be that no provision is made to compensate mounted militiamen for horses killed in action.

Respectfully,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 24, 1863.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Consider the case with reference to the act of Congress of March 3, 1849, on this subject.

By order of Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

