
[Fourth indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, January 30, 1863.

I think the case is clearly within the provisions of the act of 1849. The payments would under that act be made after adjustment by the Second Auditor, and not the Quartermaster's Department, the only cases in which compensation is made by this department being under the act of March 6, 1861.

Respectfully,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA. No. 7. Jackson, October 25, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Whenever State troops are organized and serving under the Confederate authorities they shall be entitled to the same pay and allowances as Confederate troops regularly mustered into Confederate service; therefore all State troops now serving in this department and serving under Confederate authorities will receive the same pay, the same medical attendance, and the same allowance of quartermaster's and commissary stores as other troops recognized and known as Confederate troops.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KING AND QUEEN COURT-HOUSE, January 7, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I arrived at this place on the 29th ultimo, and immediately commenced a tour through the counties of Gloucester and Mathews. The enemy is making almost daily raids in those counties, stealing and destroying everything they can lay hands upon. The people are much excited and beg for a force to keep them back. I think I shall be able to collect in these counties from 150 to 200 conscripts, and from King and Queen, Middlesex, and Essex, from 100 to 150. As I passed on in my tour I advertised, calling on all liable to the conscript act to appear on yesterday (7th [6th] of January), at Saluda (headquarters of Captain Littleton's cavalry company) to be examined preparatory to being enrolled, &amp;c., and the result was as follows: We examined 71; 31 were received; 18 were exempt on account of physical disability, and 22 on the ground of being C. S. and State officers, millers, tanners, ministers of the gospel, physicians, &c. My reason for selecting Saluda as a point of rendezvous for examination and enrollment, &c., was the great danger of being surprised and captured by the enemy lower down. When Captain Clopton's company shall be organized I will have at my command two full companies. At least 150 conscripts in Gloucester and Mathews will not only not appear, as ordered to do, but will force to be collected by a military force. I shall use the two companies for that purpose, and

