
forward the muster-rolls by the first opportunity to the Adjutant-General. The companies must furnish, so far as possible, their own arms and equipments, but your requisitions forwarded to the Chief of Ordnance at Richmond will receive the earliest possible attention, so far as practicable. Being raised within the lines of the enemy and without the scope of the conscription, these companies may receive into their ranks volunteers of any age. Though raised and intended immediately for the defense of their own section of country, yet they are not to be mustered for local service, but will be subject to the orders of the general commanding the military department in which they are included, and to him report must be made when practicable. When communication is impossible you must act on your own responsibility, being the senior captain. All other officers, except the captain in the said company or companies, must be elected.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

SALUDA, MIDDLESEX COUNTY, VA., January 8, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: We solicit of you the privilege of running the blockade and bringing such goods from the enemy's lines as the Government may need. We are citizens of this State and have proved our loyalty to the Government by taking an active part in sustaining her rights.

Very respectfully,

JOSIAH D. ALLSWORTH.

PEYTON G. DUDLEY.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 8, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 9th ultimo I had the honor to submit to you certain considerations relative to General Orders, No. 98, which assign Colonel W. M. Wadley, assistant adjutant-general, to the supervision and piety if not the absolute necessity of requiring Colonel Wadley to report regularly to this office, and I presented views and facts tending to show that unless such a relation shall be established between that officer and this department much inconvenience and confusion will result. I beg leave to renew my suggestions and to present some views not included in my former letter.

The second paragraph of General Orders, No. 98, prescribing the duties of Colonel Wadley, seems to be in conflict with paragraph II of General Orders, No. 112. By the former the direction of all Government agents or employees engaged in railroad transportation, the control of all machinery and rolling-stock belonging to the Government, the power to dispose of the same, the authority to appoint and dismiss agents heretofore employed by the Quartermaster's Department, and the sole supervision and management of railroad transportation are conferred upon Colonel Wadley. By the latter order the transportation of all ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies is transferred

