
1862, from this office. Copies of this order will be furnished to parties intrusted in this circular on application to this office.

By order of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 8, 1863.

His Excellency T. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 24th ultimo, objecting positively to the export of cotton in Louisiana for the purpose of introducing salt into your State. I think you have misapprehended both the extent and purpose of the dealing proposed to be allowed. The President had authorized Governor Pettus, of Mississippi, to procure as far as necessary salt in exchange for cotton, and supposing that the district in Louisiana through which such salt was to be transmitted would feel as a great injustice that they should be denied a privilege which they saw enjoyed by a people just beyond their limits in Mississippi, I authorized a supply to be obtained for them, but only to the extent of their pressing needs. I am pleased to hear that no necessity exists for such supply to them, and shall have no objection to the restriction of the privilege. The policy of trading in cotton with New Orleans is strongly disapproved by the Department. In some few instances for articles of prime necessity to our armies contracts have been made with parties living in Orleans to pay in cotton, but the cotton is not to be delivered till the articles are first received, and, in addition, there is the positive relation that the cotton shall be shipped, not from New Orleans, where it is not to go, but from a lake port, under the certificate of a foreign consul, direct to Europe. Even these contracts have been reluctantly made and only to assure the indispensable end of maintaining our armies in comfort and efficiency.

With high consideration and esteem, most respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 8, 1863.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of ysing a copy of an act of the Legislature of South Carolina in reference to the organization of negro labor for coast defense. * the Department considers the proposed system for the employment of slaves well arranged and judicious, and approves highly of the action of the Legislature; but there is one provision of the law, wiz, that which requires payment for slaves who escape to or are captured by the enemy, with regard to which the Department does not feel authorized

---------------

*See p. 267.

---------------

