
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 8, 1863.

Prof. S. MAUPIN,

Chairman of the Faculty, University of Virginia:

SIR: I have received your letter asking that the students of the University of Virginia be exempted from conscription or furloughed until the end of the present session. In reply I have the honor to say that as Congress, after a careful consideration of the whole subject, declined to exempt the students of colleges, the Department does not feel authorized to grant exemption in this case. The students must be enrolled, if of conscript age, but may then be furloughed or detailed until the 4ondition that they then report themselves at once to the camp of instruction.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE No. 3. Richmond, January 9, 1863.

I. The attention of officers is called to the thirty-fourth article of Army Regulations, and especially to those paragraphs of the article which relate to the channel of military correspondence. It is no exaggeration to state that nearly one-third of the correspondence received at the War Department and at this office from officers of the Army and others in the military service comes directly from the writers without passing through the prescribed channel. Therefore, all indirect communication with the Department is prohibited, and where it is attempted, either in person or by letter, the application will be referred to the proper military commander before action is taken on it, and instructions will at the same time be given to bring the offender to trial for violation of the regulations and orders respecting military correspondence. These regulations were made after long experience. They have been found indispensable and must be observed.

II. Not only are all papers and applications to be forwarded through the regular channels of communication, but the officers through whom they come, and who are generally supposed to be informed on the merits of the case presented, are required to express their opinions thereon, either in approval or disapproval. These opinions are frequently important to the Department, and the rule which prescribes them must not be overlooked.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 9, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: Your letter of the 6th instant has been received. By an act of the late session of Congress (No. 51) the President was authorized and empowered to receive into the service companies or regiments

