
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., August 1, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Will you please advise me at as early a day as possible if the provision made by the Confederate Government of blankets and clothing for our Army is of a character which can be relied on to carry it through the coming fall and winter. My object in ascertaining this information is to insure a sufficient supply of clothing to the troops from this State if the State resources will enable me to do so. As to cotton goods, I do not anticipate any great difficulty, but have great fears as to blankets and woolen goods generally, as well as shoes and socks. The little wool we have in the State is bearing an enormous price, and the condition of the Mississippi presents serious obstacles to obtaining supplies from Texas. Shoes also are difficult to contract for in large quantities at any price. I will thank you to be as definite as possible as to each of the articles referred to so that I may under stand clearly in what direction and to what extent the capacities of the State should exerted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 55. Richmond, Va., August 2, 1862.

Paragraph II, General Orders, No. 42, current series, is hereby revoked, and the following is substituted in lieu thereof:

Where martial law has been proclaimed the civil tribunals are authorized to grant injunctions, to make orders, and to take such steps as may be necessary to prevent irreparable mischief; to secure the possession of infants in the persons entitled thereto; to decide suits for divorce; to make orders for alimony, and to secure the personal safety of the parties to such suits; to recover rents and the possession of real estate and slaves, and to restore the possession of property tortuously changed.

By command:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 2, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 31st ultimo, and to thank you for your good offices in the matter of enrolling men to fill up the regiments of North Carolina now in the field. The irregularities and negligence noted in the camp near to your exceed even the allowance I have been accustomed to make for inexperience. In appointing an officer to take charge of a camp of instruction it was not my purpose to interfere through his agency or otherwise with the enrollment by the State officers of those subject to military service in the armies of the Confederate States. For every consideration it was desirable to avail of the aid of the Executives of the States, and where,

