
can be obtained from Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co., or rather John Fraser & Co., and at all events deem it advisable to await a communication from you. The Antonica is to leave t-morrow morning with a valuable cargo, comprising in part army shoes, woolens, medicines, iron plates, &c., and will be followed by the Douglas in three days with a similar cargo. The Thistle is to leave about the same time with an equally desirable assortment, and during the next ten days I expect the Nicolai I, the Dauro, and the Calypso will get off, all three having large supplies of needful articles. There are several more steamers due from England, including the Flora, Ruby, Eagle, Pearl, and two others, names not mentioned. I am told that the Calypso has 148 cases army shoes for Government, but have received no advices from England. As she draws too much water, she may have to discharge part of her cargo, and it would be better, perhaps, to send some of this shipment by another and faster steamer.

I shall be pleased to execute any orders you may transmit, and remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER,

Agent Confederate States of America.

[JANUARY 11, 1863. - For Seddon to Vance, recommending a call of North Carolina militia to the extent of, say, 5,000, see Series I, VOL. XVIII, p. 840.]

RICHMOND, January 12, 1863.

The SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

At the date of your last adjournment the preparations of the enemy for further hostilities had assumed so menacing an aspect as to excite in some minds apprehension of our ability to meet them with sufficient promptness to avoid serious reverses. These preparations were completed shortly after your departure from the seat of government, and the armies of the United States made simultaneous advance on our frontiers, on the Western rivers, and on the Atlantic Coast, in masses so great as to evince their hope of overbearing all resistance by mere weight of numbers. This hope, however, like those previously entertained by our foes, has vanished. In Virginia their fourth attempt at invasion by armies whose assured success was confidently predicted, has met with decisive repulse. Our noble defenders, under the consummate leader shot of their general, have again, at Fredericksburg, inflicted on the forces under General Burnside the like disastrous overthrow as had been previously suffered by the successive invading armies commanded by Generals McDowell, McClellan, and Pope.

In the West obstinate battles have been fought been fought with varying fortunes, marked by frightful carnage on both sides; but the enemy's hopes of decisive results have again been baffled, while at Vicksburg another formidable expedition has been repulsed with considerable loss on our side and severe damage to the assailing forces. On the Atlantic Coast the enemy has been unable to gain a footing beyond the protecting shelter of his fleets, and the city of Galveston has just been recovered by our forces, which succeeded not only in the capture of the garrison, but of one of the enemy's vessels of war, which

