
perils which we encountered have developed the true qualities and illustrated the heroic character of our people, thus gaining for the Confederacy from its birth a just appreciation from the other nations of the earth. The injuries resulting from the interruption of foreign commerce have received compensation by the development of our internal resources. Cannon crown our fortresses that were cast from the products of mines opened and furnaces built during the war. Our mountain caves yield much of the niter for the manufacture of powder, and promise increase of product. From our own foundries and laboraties, from our own armories and workshops, we derive in a great measure the warlike material, the ordnance and ordnance stores which are expended so profusely in the numerous and desperate engagements that rapidly succeed each other. Cotton and woolen fabrics, shoes and harness, wagons and gun carriages are produced in daily increasing quantities by the factories springing into existence. Our fields, no longer whitened by cotton that cannot be exported, are devoted to the production of cereals and the growth of stock formerly purchased with the proceeds of cotton. In the homes of our noble and devoted women, without whose sublime sacrifices our success would have been impossible, the noise of the loom and of the spinning wheel may be heard throughout the ts swelling with gratitude let us, then, join in returning thanks to God, and in beseeching the continuance of His protecting care over our cause and the restoration of peace with its manifold blessings to our beloved country.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE No. 4. Richmond, January 12, 1863.

I. A camp of instruction for conscripts will be forthwith established at Petersburg, Va. All persons liable to conscription within the following counties will repair to this camp for enrollment, and all enrolling officers within said counties will hasten forward conscripts to the same point. The following are the counties referred to, to wit: Greensville, Dinwiddie, Brunswick, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, Halifax, Charlotte, Pittsylvania, Henry, Patric, Franklin, Nottoway, Prince Edward, and Campbell.

II. Major-General French will appoint an officer of his command to receive and muster into service the troops called not by the Governor of Virginia in special orders of the adjutant-general of the State of January 9, 1863, as they arrive at Petersburg, and cause them to be furnished with subsistence and other supplies needed for their efficiency.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 12, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: For many months past the attention of the War Department has been called to the scarcity of meats within the country held

