
During the time I had repeated interviews with Samuel Garland,

principal chief of the Choctaws; Winchester Colbert, Governor of the Chickasaws; Stand Watie, principal chief of the Cherokees; Motey Kinnaird and Icho Hacho, chiefs of the Upper and Lower Creeks; John Jumper, chief of the Seminoles, and other men of authority in these nations.

From conversations had with them and from information derived through other reliable channels, it was evident that a spirit of dissatisfaction had manifested itself pal among portions of their people. It had resulted from the delay of this Government-unavoidably, it is true, but of the facts of which they had not been fully advised or did not comprehend-in complying with certain of its engagements to them. This dissatisfaction did not amount to real distrust of the good faith of the Confederate States. It was, however, a beginning in that direction, and had it been permitted to continue for any length of time, the most disastrous consequences might have ensued.

The task of removing it I found to be one of no great difficulty. Indeed the mere fact of the Government having sent an officer from the Capital to their country, charged with the special duty of conferring with them, and ascertaining by this means and through personal observation their wants and condition, was to them such a signal and conclusive mark of its favor and good will that but little was left for me to do in the premises. A simple and brief explanation of the past action of the Government in their behalf, coupled with the assurance of its unalterable determination to watch over and protect them, was all-sufficient to banish every trace of discontent from their minds. The substance of my official remarks to the authorities of the different nations is contained in an address issued to them from this office a few days ago, and the manner in which they were received is shown by extracts from a series of resolutions of the Choctaw Council and a written communication from the Creek chiefs, after my interviews with them-all of which are herewith respectfully submitted. *

It must not be supposed, in the reference here made to the Choctaw, Chickasaw, Cherokee, Creek, and Seminole nations, the idea is sought to be conveyed that all these Indians have proven loyal to their treaty engagements with the Confederate States. Such is by no means the fact. Indeed, it is true only with regard to one of them.

The Choctaws alone, of all the Indian nations, have reMained perfectly united in their loyalty, to this Government. It was said to me by more than one influential and reliable Choctaw during my sojourn in their country that not only had no member of that nation ever gone over to the enemy, but that no Indian had ever done so in whose veins coursed Choctaw blood.

The Chickasaws have been less, but scarcely less, fortunate in this regard than their brothers, the Choctaws. About forty families in a body were induced to desert their country about the time of the alliance of their nation with the Confederate States. With this exception no instances of disaffection have been known amongst them.

Of the Seminoles at least one-half have proved disloyal and have deserted their country. Their chief, John Jumper, however, has ever exhibited unshaken fidelity to the Confederate cause, and those of his

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

23 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

