
people who have reMained with him are composed of the same staunch material with himself.

The Creeks have lost about a thousand or fifteen hundred of their people. Hopoeithleyohola's defection carried off almost all of these, as well as the forty families of Chickasaws before alluded to, and the major part of the Seminoles.

Of the Cherokees not less than one-half followed Ross when he deserted his country. Almost the whole of the worth and talent of the nation, however, was left behind him, and is now clustered about Stand Watie, its present gallant and patriotic principal chief.

In reference to the condition and feelings of the small tribes located in the northeastern corner of the Indian country-the Osages, Quapaws, Senecas, and Senecas and Shawnees-but little is known. Their country, exposed as it is to invasion by Kansas desperadoes, has been completely under the control of the North almost from the day of their having entered into treaties with this Government. On this account 150 families of the Great Osage tribe left their homes long ago, and took refuge with the Creeks. Three of the leading men among these refugees-a chief, Black Dog, and two others-visited me at Fort Smith, on the line of Arkansas and the Indian country. They seemed to believe that a majority of their brother Osages, which is the only one of those bands of any strength or importance, were still true and loyal, although fear had kept them from making a decided manifestation of it. At any rate, according to their statement, no acts of hostility had ever been perpetrated by them against the Confederate States. The other bands, they thought, had sided with the enemy.

The Indians settled upon the district lying between the 98th and 100th parallels of west longitude and the Red and Canadian Rivers, and known as the reserve Indians, have not of late been doing very well. At the time these Indians were taken under the guardianship of the Confederate States they numbered, including men, women, and children, about 2,000 souls, and consisted of Comanches, Wichitas, Caddos, A-na-dagh-cos, Ton-ca-wes, Ta-hua-ca-ros, Hue-cos, Ki-chais, and Ai-o-nais. Provision was made for feeding them at the expense of the Government, and placing with them white men to give them instruction in agriculture and the mechanic arts.

Anterior to my visit to the Indian country, false representations were made to these Indians by mischievous persons of a threatened inroad into the reserve district of a band of Texans with hostile intentions, and all or nearly all of the Wichitas, Caddos, Ta-hua-ca-ros, Hue-cos, Ai-o-nais, and Ki-chais ran away. These desertions reduced the number of Indians upon the reserve at least one-half.

Information in regard to this untoward event did not reach me until my arrival at Fort Washita, in the Chickasaw country, where, at the same time, I was also met by news from the reserve of a still more unpleasant character.

Letters from the quartermaster of the Chickasaw battalion stationed at Arbuckle had just been received at Washita, giving an account of a serious attack upon the reserve by a band of marauding Indians. At the former post, to which I immediately proceeded, in the company of General Pike, I learned the particulars of the affair from Doctor Sturm, the issuing commissary for the reserve, and Doctor Shirley, a merchant at the agency, both of whom were in the neighborhood at the time of its occurrence.

The marauding party scarcely exceeded one hundred in number, and were composed of Shawnees, who had deserted from John Jumper's

