
battalion, Delawares, Kickapoos, and a few disloyal Seminoles and Cherokees. They made their appearance at the agency between 9 and 10 o'clock on the night of the 23d of October. Whether any of the reserve Indians had a knowledge of their coming is not certainly known. They, however, took no part in the outrage.

Four of the white employees at the agency were surprised and murdered. Their names were Bickel, Harrison, Outzen, and Turman.

During the night the murderers, after having plundered the agency building, burned it to the ground. No other house was destroyed.

The following morning they attacked the Ton-ca-wes, one of the bands of reserve Indians, killing their chief, Placido, a good man, twenty-three of their warriors, and about an hundred of their women and children. The Ton-ca-wes, although armed with only bows and arrows, while their assailants had weapons of the latest and best pattern furnished them by the North, inflicted upon the latter, it was said, a loss of twenty-seven men in killed and wounded.

The ground of their assault upon the Ton-ca-wes is to be found, I suspect, in the fact of this band having sided with the whites against the Indians some time ago in Texas. Feuds among this singular race of people never die.

The remnant of the ill-fated Ton-ca-we tribe, about forty men and less than a hundred women and children, made their way to Arbuckle a few days after the fight. They were in a most miserable and destitute condition.

Before leaving the Chickasaw country I wrote to the Governor of that nation, asking permission to place them temporarily on Rocky Creek, about eighteen miles east of Arbuckle, where there was excellent grazing for the few horses owned by them, plenty of wood, and good water. His consent was readily obtained. A copy of his letter on the subject is hereto appended. *

Doctor Sturm, the commissary before offered to, was instructed by me to remain with the Ton-ca-wes during the winter, and attend to the issuing of provisions to them, which would be supplied under the contract for feeding the reserve Indians.

I did not visit the reserve. It was unnecessary, as all the friendly Indians, from fear, were known to have abandoned it soon after the commission of the outrages to which I have directed attention, and had fled to the Wichita Mountains. A message, however, inviting the fugitives back to their homes and couched in such terms as were calculated to allay their apprehensions, was transmitted to them through Doctor Shirley, who accompanied a scouting party sent to the reserve by General Pike. Of the result of this undertaking the office has not yet been informed, although but little doubt is entertained of its success as the Comanche chiefs, whose encampment was visited by certain white men immediately subsequent to the attack upon the agency, and by whom they were assisted to escape, expressed the determination of returning when all excitement had subsided and they were assured of protection.

Doctor Shirley, it should likewise be stated, was also requested by me, while he reMained upon the reserve, to take charge of all Government property there and adopt the necessary measures to preserve it from waste.

Before dismissing the subject of the reserve agency, a few remarks in reference to the wild Indians will not be out of place.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

