
Fourth. That as our gallant soldiery are standing as sentinels over the honor, the liberty, the property, and lives of our people, resisting most valiantly the aggressions of a most unscrupulous and fanatical foe, justice and gratitude alike demand that Georgia should do its utmost to prevent suffering among he troops abroad, or their needy families at home, and to these ends the present General Assembly stands pledged to make appropriations, with liberal and unstinting hands, confident that, should the emergency require it, future Legislatures will follow a precedent so commendable and patriotic.

Fifth. That the adjutant-general shall have prepared in his office a registry containing, in alphabetical order, the names of all officers and privates who have entered, or may hereafter enter, the service from this State during the existing war, designating their residences, and the companies, battalions, or regiments of which they were members, which registry shall contain, so far as can be ascertained, a list of those wounded in battle but who service. In a separate volume shall be preserved a list of the gallant and lamented dead who fall by the hand of disease or from wounds in battle, which registry, when completed at the end of the war, shall be deposited in the archives of the State, there to remain a sacred memorial of gallant names and glorious deeds.

Sixth. That His Excellency the Governor is hereby requested to forward a copy of these resolutions to the commanding officer of each Georgia regiment, to be read at the head of his command.

WARREN AKIN,

Speaker of House of Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk of House of Representatives.

JOHN BILLUPS,

President of the Senate.

JAMES M. MOBLEY,

Secretary of the Senate.

Approved November 26, 1862.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

Forwarded in compliance with the resolution of the General Assembly.

By order of commander-in-chief:

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, January 15, 1863.

The SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I hereby nominate James A. Seddon to be Secretary of War, in place of George W. Randolph, resigned.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE No. 6. Richmond, January 15, 1863.

I. The attention of officers charged with the custody of public property is called to paragraphs 923, 924, and 925, Army Regulations, which provide the mode of accounting for that which is lost or destroyed, and disposing of such as become unsuitable for the service. No departure will be allowed from the requirements therein contained, and all officers having public property in their possession will be held to a strict accountability.

II. The appointment of agents to purchase wool by any officer except the Quartermaster-General, and such officers as may act under his authority and sanction, is hereby prohibited; and all agencies for that purpose heretofore authorized by other officers is revoked.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

