
officer of artillery having control of the same, to be distributed, when required, according to the judgment of the commanding general of such army.

III. Cavalry companies will, as far as practicable, be kept with their respective regiments. The practice of detailing such companies or parts of them as couriers and guides for the headquarters of general officers will be discontinued. Their places can be supplied by such infantry soldiers as may be able to furnish themselves with horses and can be detailed for this duty by the general from their respective commands, the number not to exceed six for the commander of an army corps, four for commander of division, and two for commander of brigade.

IV. Medical officers, in furnishing certificates of disability to disabled and invalid officers, will confine themselves to the established forms of the service provided for such certificates and will hereafter abstain from recommending them for light duty.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 19, 1863.

Hon. W. T. DORTCH:

DEAR SIR: You are aware that this State, in clothing her troops, furnishing cavalry horses, &amp;c., has a claim against the Confederate Government amounting to some $6,000,000. Within a few days past an agent sent by the State, Captain Gulick, has had claims audited and allowed and filed in the War Department to the amount of $1,289,495. 28, which was not paid for want of an appropriation, as Captain Gulick informs me. The treasury of the State cannot meet the requisitions on it if this money be not received very promptly. I beg you to press this appropriation through with all possible dispatch. See some of our delegation in the House and acquaint them with these facts, and much oblige,

Yours, very respectfully,

JONA. WORTH,

Public Treasurer.

[Indorsement.]

SENATE CHAMBER,

January 29, 1863.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER:

Allow me to call your attention to the within. I do not know whether the amount due the State is embraced in your estimates. If not, please attend to it.

Yours, &c.,

W. T. DORTCH.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE No. 8. Richmond, January 20, 1863.

I. Applications for staff appointments to fill vacancies, whether occurring in divisions, brigades, regiments, or battalions, must, in all cases, besides being sent through the proper channels, be accompanied by a statement showing how such vacancies have occurred; and until

