
the previous incumbent shall have been properly disposed of, and his absence accounted for to the satisfaction of this Department, no other appointment will be made.

II. No transfers of bonded officers from the positions to which they have been originally assigned shall be recognized until ratified by this Department.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[JANUARY 20, 1863. -For Seddon to Cobb and Cobb's reply (29th), in relation to raising troops in Georgia and Florida, see Series I, VOL. LIII, pp. 276, 277.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 9. Richmond, January 22, 1863.

I. Pursuant to section 8 of an "act to provide for the public defense," approved April 16, 1862, men who are mustered into service bringing with them their own arms are entitled to $1 per month for the use of the same from the date of mustering into service. Should they prefer to receive the full value of the arms, the same will be fixed by the mustering officer at any muster according to the value of arms fixed by General Orders, No. 78. In either case the fact will be noted on the muster-roll by the mustering officer, with a statement of the value of the arm, or of the amount due per month as compensation for the use thereof. The sums so due for arms or use of arms will be paid by the brigade, division, or other ordnance officer, and such payment noted on the muster-roll.

Payment for the use of arms will not be made oftener than once in six months.

II. In like manner cavalry equipments brought into service will be valued by the mustering officer, and the value entered upon the muster-roll, and paid for at the following rates:

For a good, serviceable saddle, $15 to $20; good saddle blanket, $3 to $4; good bridle, $3 to $5; good halter, $2 to $3; and minor articles at the discretion of the mustering officer.

III. General Orders, No. 101, last series from this office, are amended so as to allow that the two surgeons to be employed to examine conscripts in each Congressional district may be selected from the districts in which they are to act, when surgeons cannot be obtained from other Congressional districts.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 18. Richmond, Va., January 22, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

V. Iron for the completion of public vessels being indispensable, and not within the reach of the Government through the ordinary sources, Colonel W. M. Wadley, assistant adjutant-general, and Major I. M. St. John, chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau, are appointed

