
many of the persons named in the list furnished by the consul have been ordered into service. It is desired of the Department that you ascertain if this be the case, and that you direct inquiries as to the fact of the enlistments and the liability of the parties to render service. Wherever you find that the principles upon which the Department proceeds in reference to this class have been violated, you are authorized to relieve the sufferer from the military service.

The case of Charles Florentin, as represented by the letter of the consul, is more than usually mingled with circumstances of violence. He was enrolled, and upon his refusal to submit to the military rule was imprisoned, and finally ordered to leave the Confederate States. The representation of the consul is wanting in names, and it is difficult to learn from it whether any of the Confederate authorities were concerned in this wrong; but as the Confederate States are required to explain it, the Department desires you to make a report as to what was done in this as well as in the other cases specified. It is not necessary, general, to inform you that the Department desires that the conduct of the military authorities should be characterized by a scrupulous regard for the rights of every class of the population, and that no act of theirs should be made the subject of just complaint. Especially is it important that the anomalous relations of the population of foreign birth should not be the subject of jealousy or ill-will, nor expose individuals belonging to that population to any imposition or injury; but, on the contrary, it is the wish of the Department that their claims, under the law of nations, should be diligently guarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 19. Richmond, Va., January 23, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

XXIX. Authority (not a commission) is hereby granted to Colonel James F. Brewer to muster into the service and organize into a regiment as many of the men enlisted by him for twelve months as will consent to engage for the war, and any other Kentuckians willing to join him on the same terms.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JANUARY 23, 1863. -For Campbell to Shorter, in relation to the disposition of conscripts in certain counties in Alabama, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 414.]

NEAR RUSSELLVILLE, EAST TEN.,

January 23, 1863.

Hon. BEN. HILL,

C. S. Senate:

DEAR SIR: As you were on your return home from Congress last September I was so fortunate as to fall in with you and have a hasty conversation upon the state of affairs in East Tennessee, and the

