
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 12. Richmond, January 28, 1863.

I. Candidates for appointments of artillery officers for ordnance duty, who have passed their examinations at the headquarters of any army, army corps, or department, may be placed on ordnance duty as acting ordnance officers. The number so placed on duty shall not exceed one-half of the whole number passed there, and shall be taken from the head of the list, without reference to the grade for which they are recommended.

Acting ordnance officers, so placed on duty, shall be entitled to pay as first lieutenants, if recommended for that or higher grade, and as second lieutenants, if not recommended for higher grade.

Commissions will be issued as soon as the examinations are completed in all the armies, and will be for grades and of dates to correspond with the general roll of merit established by the examiners.

II. The Quartermaster's Department will issue to officers of the Army, on duty enrolling conscripts, such fuel and stationery, within the limits prescribed by existing regulations for allowances to public offices, as shall be certified by those officers to be indispensable for the proper discharge of their duties.

The legitimate expenses of the performance of such duty will be paid, in the case of enrolling officers not commissioned, upon accounts approved by the commandant of conscripts for the State, or commander of camp of instruction.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 30, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: I am surprised to learn from one of your late letters that you consider the Department to have interfered irregularly with the appointment of officers to some State regiments from North Carolina for the war. I am unconscious to what regiments or appointments you refer, and certainly have had no intention of trenching on your prerogatives. One appointment alone, that of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, to a regiment to be composed, as at the time was directed, of a North Carolina battalion and of some conscripts then at Raleigh, was made by me, as from subsequent information, I fear, without sufficient care, but it was done in supposed deference to your own wish, on the representation you had desired the regiment to be so formed and the particular officer appointed. If in this a mistake has been committed it will be cheerfully corrected; but I should be pleased to learn first that you had not desired the appointment. You will also gratify me by informing me what regiments you regard as State regiments to which your power of appointment extends, and on what ground the claim rests. I do not find in the Adjutant-General's Office any distinction of the kind made, nor can I learn that a claim of appointment has been asserted by you to any.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration and esteem, respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

