
Resolutions vindicating the loyalty of the State of North Carolina and its General Assembly.

Whereas, various slanderous reports have been circulated, both in the State and out of it, reflecting upon the loyalty of the members of this Legislature and the people of this State, and ascribing to them hostility to the Confederate Government and a desire to reconstruct the Union: Therefore,

Be it unanimously resolved, That as the representatives of the people, and in our own behalf as individual citizens of the State, we protest against and denounce these accusations as utterly false in letter and in spirit, as calculated to misrepresent the sentiments of those who have never faltered in the support of all constitutional measures for the prosecution of the war, and as tending to produce jealousies and heart burnings among a people who have sealed their devotion to the cause of Southern independence with their blood upon the proudest battle-fields of the revolution; that the charge of a desire on a part of this Legislature, or any portion of it, to conflict with the Confederate Government or to embarrass the President in the prosecution of the war, is grossly untrue, illiberal, and slanderous; that we hereby pledge ourselves most heartily and emphatically to the most vigorous Constitutional was policy, promising in the name of North Carolina the most liberal contribution of men and money to the support of it, and protesting against any settlement of the struggle which does not secure the entire independence of the Confederate States of America.

Resolved, That the Governor be requested to communicate a copy of these resolutions to be Governors of the several States of the Confederacy, and also to our own Senators and Representatives in Congress, to be laid before their respective bodies.

Read and ratified in General Assembly this 30th day of January, A. D. 1863.

R. S. DONNELL,

Secretary House of Commons.

R. W. LASSITER,

Secretary of Senate pro tem.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., January 30, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the War Department as follows:

Colonel August fell under the orders of this Bureau as an officer disabled for field duty by wounds received in battle, and one of a class which the Bureau was directed to make available where opportunity presented, in the business of conscription and the like. His rank (full colonel) was too high for him to be assigned to any post less than that of commandant of conscripts for a State, and as we could not avail ourselves of his services here without disadvantage to the public service, it became necessary to send him to some other State. The conscription business in North Carolina was under the charge of a captain only, his two heretofore senior officers having gone from camp into action in another part of the State (under what circumstances it is noing, according to their own

