
report, unexchanged prisoners. Colonel Mallett, the senior, was known to be so wounded that it would probably be long before he could return to duty, yet his so returning was to be ultimately looked for. It was believed that the services of an active officer were very necessary in North Carolina for a time, and Colonel August's disability not unfitting him, he was ordered there, that this Bureau and this service might have the immediate benefit of the inspection and activity expected from him. His order bears date the 12th instant, but he was not actually sent until the 20th instant. It has been my impression from what took place in the case of Colonel Lee, late of the Forty-fourth [Thirty-third] Virginia Regiment, that the War Department saw no objection in principle to assigning an officer from one State to the command of conscripts in another. That officer was referred here from the Department to see if a place could be provided for him, and it was expressly suggested by the Secretary on the papers that he should be sent to some duty in a more southern State. His former rank forbade him to be thought of for any post less than that of State commandant, and it was suggested by me that he should be commissioned a lieutenant-colonel and sent to Alabama as commandant of conscripts for that State. This suggestion was understood to be approved, and intended to be carried out until some question arose as to the law in regard to appointments for duty with conscripts. As the Governor appears to have taken exception to this temporary appointment, I will change it, but I have no knowledge of any officer from North Carolina of the rank and qualifications necessary to fit him for this position, having received no application, and I will be very thankful for being enlightened and to have the assistance of the Governor in this particular, assuring him that my interest in the well-being of my native State would not allow my doing anything detrimental to her welfare or honor. Finally, the business of this Bureau, connected with the Army generally, and the standing orders from the Department particularly to avail ourselves of wounded and disabled officers for such services, entirely divest it of a sectional policy, which, if carried out, might throw upon our hands unemployed officers who might otherwise benefit the country.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 13. Richmond, January 31, 1863.

I. The following arsenals, armories, depots, &amp;c., are immediately under charge of the War Department, and its orders will be given directly through the Ordnance Bureau, viz:

Richmond Arsenal, Richmond, Va. ; Richmond Armory, Richmond, Va. ; Fayetteville Arsenal and Armory, Fayetteville, N. C. ; Charleston Arsenal, Charleston, S. C. ; Augusta Arsenal and Powder-Works, Augusta, Ga. ; Macon Arsenal, Macon, Ga. ; Macon Armory, Macon, Ga. ; Atlanta Arsenal, Atlanta, Ga. ; Mount Vernon Arsenal, Mount Vernon, Ala. ; Montgomery Arsenal, Montgomery, Ala. ; Selma Arsenal, Selma, Ala. ; Jackson Arsenal, Jackson, Miss. ; Greensborough Depot, Greensborough, N. C. ; Danville Depot, Danville, Va. ; Lynchburg Depot, Lynchburg, Va. ; Little Rock Arsenal, Little Rock, Ark. ; Texas Arsenal, San Antonio, Tex.

