
I inclose you herewith a copy of dispatch* received to-day from Colonel Lea, from which the general will perceive the inadequacy of the cavalry force at that place. As the general's time is much occupied by the important duties of the command, I fear some of my wants and suggestions may be overlooked. I desire, colonel, that you will give special attention to this matter, and keep them in mind until action is taken. I applied for a field officer from General Hardee's corps five days ago, but none has reported, and my work is delayed for want of one.

I transmit herewith bonds for Colonel Biffle's quartermaster and commissary, also bond for an assistant quartermaster, with rank of captain, whom I am obliged to have for the rendezvous in the lower sub-department. Thomas J. Brown is my son-in-law and will make an efficient officer, and [I] ask the appointment of the general.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier Gen., C. S. Army, Chief of VOL. and Conscript Bureau.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 15. Richmond, February 6, 1863.

I. All commissioned officers of the Army in the service of the Confederate States who are absent from their respective commands without sufficient authority, and from whom satisfactory reports have not been received, will be considered as no longer in service thirty days after the publication of this order, when their names will be erased from the returns of regiments and corps. All quartermasters of the Army charged with the payment of troops are hereby prohibited from making payments to officers who do not exhibit sufficient authority for absence from their proper commands; and where any doubt exists in the mind of the paying officer for want of such authority, he will suspend payment and report the case to this office, with the name and residence of the officer so absent and the regiment or corps to which he belongs.

II. Where occasions may arise in military commands for charges against a disbursing officer of the Army, arrest will be stayed until a report of the facts in the case is duly made to the War Department, through the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, and the officer will continue to discharge his duties until the Department shall take proper measures for his relief from duty.

III. In Congressional districts where surgeons cannot be "employed" to complete the examining boards for conscripts, directed in previous orders, the commandants of conscripts may constitute such boards, temporarily, by medical officers under their authority.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 6, 1863.

Hon. J. W. CLAPP,

House of Representatives:

SIR: I have received your letter, inclosing a communication from the president of the Mississippi Central Railroad. In reply I have the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

