
[FEBRUARY 8, 1863. -For Bonham to Seddon, transmitting copy of act of the South Carolina General Assembly amending the negro labor law of December 18, 1862, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 280.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., February 9, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have been painfully impressed with the conviction, from what has fallen under my observation and experience, that in confining, by regulation of the War Department, the ages of conscripts between eighteen and forty years we shall fall far short in filling up the ranks of the Army to the maximum organization prescribed by existing laws. The conscription acts contemplate a reserve of conscripts to be kept on hand, to be drawn upon from time to time, to replace casualties, &c., in the regiments as they occur. This, taken in connection with the large number of exemptions authorized by those acts, rendered it the more important, in my judgment, to extend enrollment to the full age authorized by law, in order to keep the Army up to its establishment. I therefore recommend that conscription between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years be at once required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 9, 1863.

Hon. W. P. MILES,

Chairman, &c., House of Representatives:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a report from the Adjutant-General, in response to your letter of the 16th ultimo requesting me to furnish the Military Committee with certain information in reference to the number of troops in the service, &c. I regret the want of proper returns renders it impossible to supply the information sought.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, February 7, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: In reply to the inclosed request* from the Committee on Military Affairs, through Hon. W. P. Miles, I beg to state that every effort has been made to obtain the desired information; but, for want of proper statistical returns from the different commands, I find it impossible to furnish any statement that could approximate the information sought,

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*See January 16, p. 359.

---------------

