
Lieut. Gen. W. J. Hardee's corps: John C. Moore, presiding judge, Alabama; Samuel J. Gholson, Mississippi; Taylor Beatty, Louisiana; Benton Randolph, judge-advocate, Texas.

II. The above-named members will report without delay to the commanding officers of the respective army corps to which they belong, to whom their letters of appointment will be forwarded, except where they may be called for at this office at an early day.

III. In all cases where the sentence of a court-martial directs a forfeiture of pay, the just dues of the laundress are to be understood as always excepted from such forfeiture. This exception will embrace sums which have accrued as well as those which become due during the term of the sentence.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, February 14, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reference to this office of the resolutions passed by the Legislature of Georgia in regard to the official conduct of quartermasters, commissaries, surgeons, &amp;c.,* with your instruction to institute inquiries to ascertain if the alleged abuses exist.

I respectfully state that at my instance General Johnston detailed an officer of rank to make strict investigations of all abuses in the quartermaster's and transportation departments within the limits of his command. Every suggestion and all information calculated to facilitate the discharge of his duties have been furnished to that officer so far as in my possession, and it is expected that his examination and investigations will be thorough and efficient.

I have also detailed an officer of this department to make similar investigations in another quarter, and so soon as an additional proper officer can be spared from other duties I propose to enlarge the field of investigation.

By these means your instructions in regard to the State of Georgia can be carried out, and the department will be enabled, it is hoped, to ascertain what abuses exist in its administration in that portion of the Confederacy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

A RESOLUTION.

Whereas, there is complaint against the quartermasters, commissaries, surgeons, agents, and other officials connected with the War Department of the Confederate States in regard to the performance of the various duties connected with their respective potions, and

---------------

*Field as an inclosure to this paper, with the indorsement thereon.

---------------

