
much loss to the Government and injury to the hungry, half-clothed, sick, and wounded soldiers has been and will be occasioned by their improper conduct, much of which has failed to come to the knowledge of the head of the department: Therefore,

Resolved (1) by the Senate and House of Representatives of Georgia, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, earnestly requested to institute investigation into the conduct of all the aforesaid officers and agents, and especially as to the conduct of the surgeons in the different regiments and at the hospitals, and their assistants and nurses and ward-masters, and especially as to the conduct, contractors, &amp;c., of quartermasters, commissaries, and agents in their own localities and elsewhere, and whether or not they may have been interested, directly or indirectly, as silent partners or otherwise, in Government contracts, and what speculations they have engaged in on their own account, while they were in the pay and employment of the Government, and the manner in which they have performed their duties in furnishing our soldiers with the necessaries of life, and in all cases where the investigation discloses any want of ability or fidelity or neglect of duty, to remove such officer or agent after seeing that he is punished for the same, and appoint such only in his place as can produce full and satisfactory evidence of his competency and good moral character.

Resolved (2), That His Excellency the Governor be requested to present this subject, with a copy of these resolutions, to the Secretary of War, with such suggestions as to the remedy for these grievances as he may think proper.

Resolved (3), That a copy of these resolutions be forward to each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress, with a request that they use their influence for the passage of such laws as will most likely remedy the evils complained of.

JOHN BILLUPS,

President of the Senate.

JAMES M. MOBLEY,

Secretary of the Senate.

PETER E. LOVE,

Speaker of House of Representatives, pro tem.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk House of Representatives.

Assented to December 13, 1862.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 3, 1863.

I do not know what other disposition to make of this resolution that to lay it before you and respectfully call your attention to its contents.

AUGUSTUS R. WRIGHT.

[Second indorsement.]

Submitted to the Surgeon-General and the heads of other bureaus referred to, who will institute all inquiries in their power to ascertain if the alleged abuses exist and what remedies should be adopted.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

