
[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

February 14, 1863.

Under existing circumstances and laws, the Commissary-General of Subsistence has found it almost impracticable to obtain the removal of an officer when the facts obviously indicate it.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Fourth indorsement.]

COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

Specify the cases referred to and the laws and circumstances that preclude removals when necessary.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fifth indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

February 19, 1863.

In response to the requirement of the Secretary of War, I refer to the case of J. B. Magruder and the great difficulty of getting a general rule, sound in principle, enforced. In the case of Captain J. S. Ryan, a full report of which last case will be found in a communication to the Secretary of War dated December 30, 1862.

In respect to the final case, see papers presented to the Adjutant and Inspector General in August last, which, from what the Honorable Secretary of War stated a short time since, seem about being laid aside.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LA. ARMY, ADJT. GEN. 'S OFFICE, No. 8. Alexandria, February 14, 1863.

I. Persons liable to military duty in State service have the privilege of volunteering until the militia is called out on the 1st day of March next, and no longer. The privilege cannot be granted after the militia is called out, unless it is availed of immediately at the time of such call.

II. Volunteers will receive $50 bounty on being mustered in, $16 a month, and eighty acres of land at the close of the war. In the event of death in the service, the land to go to the heirs of the deceased volunteer. (See section 12, Volunteer Act.)

III. Militiamen will receive neither bounty nor land, and but $11 a month, and in the event of their not reporting within ten days after notice of a call by the enrolling officer, which call shall be made on the 1st of March, they shall be considered deserters and liable upon conviction to the death penalty. (See section 25, Militia Law, approved January 3, 1863.)

IV. No male free white person between the ages of seventeen and fifty, capable of bearing arms and not actually in the civil or military service of the Confederate States, can be exempt for any cause whatever except those mentioned in the second section of the act approved January 3, 1863. (See section 2, Militia Law.)

