
V. Exemptions from Confederate service do not exempt from militia service, and the exemptions by law as quoted above are exclusive of all others.

VI. A person manifestly incapable of bearing arms, as one having lost an arm or a leg, or being paralyzed or bedridden, is exempt by law, but when the incapacity is such as can only be taken notice of by a surgeon, the certificate of a surgeon in the service of the State must be obtained. Post surgeons will be qualified to give such certificates in future orders.

VII. Enrolling officers will enroll no men detailed from Confederate service, but will be careful not to confound details with exemptions. Persons are not detailed from Confed remain on plantations, and such persons are therefore liable to militia duty. General officers will detail men for such service to act as a police force. (See section 23, Militia Law.)

VIII. Persons liable to militia duty and neglecting to report as provided by law are subject to the penalty prescribed above (see Paragraph III) whether they have been enrolled or not.

IX. Enrolling officers will be held strictly to the discharge of their duties under the law, and the penalties attached will be enforce. (See section 19, Militia Law.)

They will proceed as soon as practicable to the organization of companies, and when companies for any cause neglect or refuse to elect their officers, the privates will be assigned to other companies at the discretion of the commander-in-chief.

By command of Thos. O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief.

C. LE D. ELGEE,

Adjutant-General of Louisiana.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 14, 1863.

DEXTER H. HITCHCOCK, Esq.,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your personal application for a license to carry a train of wagons into Mexico, loaded with cotton and other produce, with a view to return with supplies and merchandise, and the testimonials to your fidelity as a citizen of the Confederate States, have been considered. The latter are satisfactory. The Department does not claim itself, nor has it authorized any military commander, to interpose any obstacle to a trade with Mexico; but, on the contrary, has directed the commanding general of the Department of Arkansas and Texas (General Holmes) to countermand orders on the subject, and copies of that letter have been sent to Generals Magruder and Bee, to Galveston and San Antonio.

The act of Congress of May 21, 1861, which prohibits "the exportation of cotton from the Confederate States, except through the sea-ports of said States, and to punish persons offending therein," does not profess to interfere with the exportation of cotton along the western border of Texas. On the contrary, the act declares "that nothing in this shall be so construed as to prohibit exportation of cotton to Mexico through its coterminous frontier. " Therefore, upon complying with the revenue laws, in reference to the exportation of cotton, you will have entitled yourself to export your property of that kind, and as the export duty on cotton is the only duty that has been

