
sign the discharge and cause the final statements to be made out, and forward the certificates of disability to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

161. When a non-commissioned officer or soldier is absent from his regiment or company, in hospital, and shall be unfit for military service for the reasons se t forth in the preceding paragraph, the senior surgeon of the hospital will make out "certificates of disability" and forward them through the commander of the company or regiment to the commander of the department or of the army in the field, whose approval being given the commanding officer will complete and forward the certificates of disability to the Adjutant and Inspector-General and send the papers of discharge to the surgeon. But when access to commanders is difficult, and attended with great delay, the certificates of disability may, in urgent cases, be forwarded by the surgeon to the Surgeon-General for approval; which being given, the discharge will be authorized from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, and the surgeon will make out final statements.

IV. Medical officers are prohibited from recommending leaves of absence and furloughs to sick and wounded officers and soldiers, except when it is absolutely necessary for them to go home to be restored to health; in which case the soldier only will be entitled to transportation, to be given in kind.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, July 13, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Without designing to criticize the conduct or policy of the War Department, I will offer a suggestion, which may only receive such attention as it may merit. The large number of partisan rangers authorized, or claimed to be authorized, to be raised by the Department is interfering sadly with the enrollment of conscripts, and would therefore seem to be working a serious injury to the service, unless some great good was to be accomplished by them. I think the teachings of experience show that a long and thorough train age of both men and horses is absolutely required to make cavalry effective, and a rare combination of talent is required for officers to drill or command or use cavalry to advantage. Without these advantages they are useless except for couriers or pickets. They are very expensive and contribute far more than any other corps to exhaust the resources of a country. The idea of being mounted is agreeable to the habits of our people and has attractions which will carry every one into the cavalry that will be allowed to join either cavalry or rangers, to the great detriment of the infantry. If I had not refused to receive cavalry and artillery companies there would not have been five infantry regiments from this State. I speak partly from experience, as I have raised and equipped two full cavalry regiments for the State, and I know the difficulty and expense of equipping and drilling them, and I fear that thus far they show but little return of service. Partisan rangers have a kind of seendent command, which is another attraction and, I might add, source of detriment.

