
would be to plant an army of sufficient power to completely control all direct communication between the people of the Northwest and those of the commercial and manufacturing States of the Northeast, by selecting and holding a military line from the most suitable point in Kentucky or Western Virginia, to a point above Lake Erie, where the communication between the lakes could be commanded with artillery on land. As the people of the Confederate States could under such circumstances live much better than those of the Northeast, we might reasonably expect them to give up the contest as hopeless.

Next in importance to obtaining full possession of the Border States and Tennessee is the holding of Charleston, Savannah, and Mobile, and the regaining of Norfolk and New Orleans. Without extraordinary exertions in a very short time on the part of our Government and people to add greatly to the effective defenses of the first three named cities, they must fall beorce which the enemy is now energetically preparing for their possession or destruction. The heavy guns which the enemy are now preparing to arm their fleet of iron-clad steamers with will be able to batter down any of the forts as they were last season. Unless the forts are greatly strengthened and guns placed in them sufficiently powerful to disable their iron-clad steamers, we should not calculated on being able to hold those cities. The possession of these important places in addition to that of New Orleans on the part of the enemy would make the war at Through these cities we would receive many necessary supplies from abroad. If we lose them, then the war must go on entirely within ourselves. The timely completion or procurement of the most substantial iron-clad steamers or gun-boats, with as heavy ordnance as the enemy are preparing, is one of our great necessities for coast defense. With the present progress of the work upon those at Charleston, they are not likely to be finished in time to be of any service in defending that city. The proposed plan of flanking Washington, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston was communicated verbally to you last March through Colonel Withers, of Jackson, Miss.

The foregoing views are very respectfully submitted for your consideration.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. B. GLADNEY.

RICHMOND, VA., August 7, 1862.

Governor HENRY T. CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: Since my letter of the 2d instant the following communication has been sent from the War Department with relation to the camps of instruction in North Carolina. *

I inclose copies of the printed regulations+ sent to the commandants of camps of instruction, and hope you will find in the action taken evidence of a desire to co-operate with the State authorities, and as far as possible to use the officers of the State in executing the law for an enrollment of a class of its citizens for the military service of the Confederate States.

Very respectfully, your fellow-citizen,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure or otherwise identified, but see quotations there-from in Clark to Davis, August 22, p. 67.

+Probably General Orders, No. 30, VOL. I, this series, p. 1094.

---------------

