
laid on exports, other articles may be exported. The Department, so far from discouraging adventures of this kind, will be pleased to see them undertaken and successful.

Straitened as the Confederate States have been by the rigor of the blockade and the number of cruisers of the enemy, anything that will serve to supply the wants of the Army and the necessities of the people, so far from being an object of disfavor with the Department, is quite the reserve.

The Department has explained its opinions and action, so that there need be no mistake. It does not grant a license, for the reason that it might be interpreted as the assumption of a control over the subject on the part of the Department, which it disavows any power to regulate or to control, and which has been left free to the citizen by the act of Congress.

By order of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 18. Richmond, February 16, 1863.

I. With the exceptions hereinafter named, all outstanding authorities issued from the War Department to recruit persons of conscript age into regiments, battalions, or companies not in service on the 16th day of April, 1862, will be held as terminated from and after the 10th day of March next.

Any new organization that shall meantime have been completed up to the legal standard of a regiment, battalion, or company, as may have been specified in the original authority issued, will be reported before the 10th of March to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office for muster and reception into service.

The organization itself failing of completion, the material within conscript ages (including officers) of such parts as shall have been enrolled for the special service, will be reported to the local commandants of conscripts, respectively, for enrollment and conscription. These commandants will, however, cause to be allowed to the persons thus transferred, previous to enrollment, the privilege of volunteering in companies that were in service on the 16th of April, 1862.

II. From the operation of this order are expected new companies or corps in process of organization under authority issuing from the War Department, of a date later than the 10th of December, 1862, and all such as may have been authorized to be recruited from material found within districts possessed by the enemy, or in which the conscript law has been suspended by the President, or in which the regular execution of the conscript law is, from the vicinity of the enemy, unattainable.

III. All officers and persons acting under authority, now and hereafter, to recruit new organizations, will report to the commandants of conscripts in their respective States the names of those persons who are employed by them in enlisting recruits. In the absence of such official evidence the enrolling officers will not recognize the authority claimed.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspec

