
ive will desert to go to the relief of their suffering families. This conduct of your officers is worthy of your immediate attention, and I beg you to stop it without delay. Plenty of corn can be bought in Southwestern Georgia, and the railroads are at the command of the Confederate officers. Please order them to get supplies for the Army from that section.

I beg an immediate reply.

JOS. E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia.

[FEBRUARY 18, 1863. -For proclamation of Governor Bonham calling into active service all or such portion of South Carolina militia as may be necessary to repel invasion, see Series I, VOL. XIV, p. 784.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

February 19, 1863.

To His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I learn from soldiers just arrived in the city that there is a scarcity of meat in the Army, and they think that if their parents and sisters were appealed to and transportation be furnished a sufficiency of food could be in this way obtained to prevent any suffering.

From my experience when registering "patriotic contributions" in the passport office, I fully concur in the opinion expressed by them soldiers, and I would be glad with the sanction of the Government to try the experiment again. I would use the press, but would not permit regular files of the papers to leave the Confederacy.

The estimated value of voluntary contributions registered in 1861-'62 amounted to more than $1,500,000 at the then current prices. I know many of the principal contributors personally and cannot doubt that they would again respond to the call upon them.

Knowing that you will appreciate my move, even if should be deemed necessary to reject my plan,

I remain, honored sir, your obedient servant,

J. B. JONES.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

February 19, 1863.

Respectfully referred by direction of the President to the Commissary-General.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

The Commissary-General has no experience as to this mode of raising supplies and does not think it a promising one, and respectfully refers it to the Secretary of War, if he wishes to direct it.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Third indorsement.]

Reply: It is not deemed judicious unless in the last extremity to resort to the means of supply suggested. The patriotic motives that dictate the suggestion are, however, appreciated and acknowledged.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

