
acquainted with the conscript, should be deemed satisfactory by the examining surgeon.

9. Varicocele. -Not a ground for exemption, unless excessive, which must be stated in the monthly report.

10. Myopia. -Not a ground for exemption. Many myopic subjects distinguish distant objects with accuracy sufficient for all practical purposes.

11. Hemorrhoids. -As many invalids in civil life, subjects of this disorder, are engaged in active occupations, they should not, unless excessive (which must be stated in the monthly reports), be considered satisfactory grounds for exemption.

12. Opacity of one cornea, or the loss of one eye. -Not valid grounds for exemption.

13. The loss of one or two fingers. -Not sufficient cause for exemption.

14. Single reducible hernia. -Not a valid cause for exemption.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 23, 1863.

Hon. T. S. ASHE and OTHERS,

Representatives from North Carolina:

GENTLEMEN: I have received your remonstrance against the assignment of any other than a North Carolinian as commandant of conscripts in that State. In reply I have the honor to say that your letter has been referred to the Conscript Bureau, with instructions if a competent but disabled officer from North Carolina can be commanded to assign him to that place. Regret is, however, felt that such susceptibility prevails in North Carolina, when it has not been displayed in other States similar appointments have been made of officers not native. Indeed, some motives of policy would seem to recommend for such positions officers not liable to be affected by local associations or feelings. In this case, too, an officer of acknowledged gallantry and merit, appointed without a thought of exciting such feelings of dissatisfaction, will lose a situation desirable to him till complete restoration can be had from the wounds received in fighting for the common cause. Still, the change will be made to avoid the grave consequences of general dissatisfaction which, in the estimation of honorable Representatives so competent to judge, are likely to result in their State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 24, 1863.

Captain J. M. ROBINSON:

CAPTAIN: You are instructed to proceed to England on the special duty of selecting, purchasing, and forwarding certain supplies deemed essential by the Engineer Bureau for the engineer service. You have

