
RICHMOND, VA., August 7, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Last winter there was to a limited extent put on foot a plan of operating upon the people of the Northwest, through the press, with a view of getting them to take a proper view of the war raging, and its ultimate ruinous results if successful according to the views of the people of the Northeast. Among other papers prepared in part to this end there was a report submitted to the planters' convention held at Memphis, Ten., in February last, the main object of which was to bring new issues before the people of the Western States. The paper has been examined by the editor of the Mississippian, Prof. J. D. b. De Bow, and other well-informed gentlemen, all of whom approve of its main features. By agreement with Prof. J. D. B. De Bow it will appear in the next number of his Review. In the meantime it is to be printed in circular form because the present is considered a favorable time for its circulation in the West on account of your recent victories. Should you favor the document and its objects, your patronage in giving circulation and effect is considered to be highly important. In connection with this is considered to be highly important. In connection with this a large army of observation is proposed occupying a military line between a suitable point on the Ohio River and a point above Lake Erie, not for the purpose of invading the Northwestern States, but with the view of bringing about an honorable peace before the power of the American people is reduced to suit the views of European governments, and for the purpose of opening up the natural highways and markets for the Southern and Western people.

I remain, very respectfully, yours,

J. B. GLADNEY.

[AUGUST 8, 1862. -For Harris to Davis, in regard to recruiting for the Tennessee regiments serving in Virginia, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 339.]

RICHMOND, August 9, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 5th instant, inclosing an opinion of the Attorney-General as to the effect of the act of the 16th of April, 1862, on persons who are of the classes exempt from enrollment. After a careful consideration of the opinion, it does not appear to me that the construction of the law given by the Attorney-General would shorten the term of any one now in service. The period of ninety days would seem from the language of the law to have been considered by the Congress as necessary to obtain recruits to supply the places of men who were to be discharged by expiration of term of service and exemption of the act it seems to have been contemplated that less time would suffice, and therefore provision was made for an earlier discharge in the contingency that their places were sooner supplied, from which it would appear that the intent was to limit the detention beyond the period of enlistment to the shortest space which the public exigency would permit in all

