
pns or regiments, is required, since November 21, 1862, by standing orders to be also accepted by the battalion or regimental commander, and to be so certified by his signature. In such cases the genuineness of the transaction is to be doubted, and the claim of the principal for exemption will be denied. It may, however, be admitted on the production of full and satisfactory evidence from the regimental commander that there was a genuine substitution and actual service rendered by the substitute, and that the absence of the signature of the regimental commander is to be attributed only to omission or accident.

Where substitutions have been effected in due form and without fraud, the liability of the principal is not revived by the desertion of the substitute. Should it appear, however, that the substitute himself, if remaining with his colors, would h ave become liable at a given period to service on his account, then the liability of the principal will revive at that point of time.

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February 28, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Yours per Major Carrington was duly received and, with inclosure, has been carefully considered. The matter has given me much embarrassment. In the interior of the State there is much suffering for bread already, and will be more on account of the failure of the crops from drought, and the Legislature made a large appropriation of money to enable me to purchase corn and transport it west to feed wives and children of soldiers. I had only secured about 50,000 bushels, very little of which has been removed for want of transportation. To surrender the whole of this and cease buying more would so effectually close up the chances of the people for bread that I feel great reluctance in doing so, even for so vital an object as the feeding of the Army. I, however, agreed with Major Carrington to exchange corn, taking bushel for bushel, at Charlotte, to turn over a part of my transportation, and in consideration of the fact that, with my agents and teams now in the field, I could possibly secure much that he could not reach, I agreed to continue purchasing and to turn over to him as the necessities of the service might require. This arrangement was the very best that I could conscientiously make, for I do assure you, sir, that the suffering of my people will be very great, indeed, if the State should afford them no relief. I feel that I ought not to entirely abandon them, and that in preventing suffering in the soldiers' families I am also greatly promoting the efficiency of the Army itself.

I am now organizing a corps of provision agents throughout the interior to see what can be bought, and how much is hoarded that may be seized, and trust that the result may be such as to enable me to surrender to the Army the whole crop of the east.

Very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE.

