
In two telegrams addressed to General Bragg relative to the operations of General Pillow the disapproval of the Bureau of Conscription established by him has been communicated in specific language as incompatible with the system established and having no authority whatever under the orders of the Department. This letter is written to explain to you the system in operation to refer you to the orders of the Department, and to exact through you obedience from the officers in your department to the orders heretofore given, especially the officers to whom these telegrams referred to have been addressed. Paragraph III, Article IV, of Orders 82, and the circular of January 8, limited in Orders 16 of the present year, explain all the relations that the generals in the field have or which the Department desires them to have with the camps of conscription. Even these relations, limited and defined as they have been, have been productive of confusion and irritation, for the commanding generals of different departments have sent into the same field officers to recruit their armies and have partially superseded the regular operations of the officers of the Bureau.

The Department continues in force at the Bureau of Conscription the orders to supply the army of General Bragg from Alabama and Mississippi, and he may send recruiting officers from battalions and regiments to co-operate with the enrolling officers; but further than this no interference in the conscription service can be permitted. Nothing in this letter is intended to apply to any arrangements for the collection of absentees or deserters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 52. Richmond, Va., March 3, 1863.

* * * *

XXIV. Colonel E. Waggaman, Tenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, is assigned to duty as commandant of conscripts for the State of Louisiana, and will report by letter to the chief of the Bureau of Conscription in this city for further instructions.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE BUREAU,

Richmond, March 3, 1863.

Major R. M. CUYLER,

Commanding C. S. Arsenal, Macon, Ga.:

MAJOR: It is desirable to secure a supply of cotton for the purpose of shipping it abroad for account of this Bureau. You are authorized to lay out ordnance funds for such cotton as you can secure without interference with the purchases of the Treasury Department. Consult with the agents of the Treasury Department as to prices, and in no case exceed the prices paid by them.

Purchase about 2,000 bales and report prices, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

