
RICHMOND, March 4, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reference by you to this office of a communication from Mr. A. G. Haley, proposing to introduce horses and mules from Mexico, California, and Europe, and beg leave to return the letter with the following remarks:

Between 600 and 700 mules have already been purchased in Texas for the cis-Mississippi department, and are being wintered at Alexandria, La., for the convenience and cheapness of forage, while awaiting a safe opportunity to cross the river.

So soon as these animals are tried we can tell how far they are adapted to the service, which may admit of some doubt, as they are generally small.

If suitable, it will be advisable to increase the number from Mexico, and possibly California. The horses of Mexico, Texas, California, and New Mexico, I consider, if very judiciously selected, adapted to our cavalry service, provided that none are purchased under ten years of age. Unbroken Mexican horses I consider entirely useless. The proposal to obtain horses from Europe is certainly impracticable.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

ATHENS, TEN., March 4, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: I duly received your circular letter addressed to the Governors of the Confederate States of America on Friday last. Upon its reception I was prostrated with a severe indisposition from which I am partially recovered, which is my apology for failing in an immediate answer. Your circular letter gives a faithful representation of the gigantic preparations of the Government of the United States to subjugate the Confederate States, not only by the accustomed means of belligerent, but by the cruelties and devastations unauthorized by Christian or civilized warfare and culminating in the atrocious project now openly announced as well by their legislative as the executive powers of adding the horrors of servile to that of civil war. With a view to inform the Governors of the Confederate States of the dangers which environs the, you invite the co-operation of the State authorities in the increase of our military force by the faithful enforcement of the law of conscription, by aiding in having the officers and soldiers already enlisted and absent from their commands returned to their posts of duty and service, and by every effort to subsist our brave armies now in the field. I deeply deplore the untoward condition of the State of Kentucky, of which I am the humble Provisional Governor, and it has grieved my soul that a State so replete with military resources has not seemed to respond to the expectations of her sister States in the vindication of States' rights and the assertion of our dearest personal and political liberties. I have never doubted that it is the will of a large majority of the people of my State to cast their lot in an alliance with the Confederate States, but you are aware of many of the difficulties that have surrounded them, encompassed as they have been by bribery and intimidation and by the military occupation of her principal towns and cities. Notwithstanding, from all my information from Kentucky I cannot fail to believe our cause

27 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

