
their ownership, and on due proof surrender the slaves to their owners.

IV. Commanding generals will require all persons connected with the Army to make immediate report of all slaves arrested or coming into their possession, and if claim is not promptly made and established by the owner, will send such slaves, with a register of the place and date of their arrest, with as little delay as practicable, to the nearest depot in the State wherein the capture is made. They will also require all officers and soldiers now employing slaves forthwith to report the same, and those hereafter employing them, within ten days thereafter, with the names and residence of their owners, and of the person by whom they were hired out, and of the officers or soldier hiring, and return such reports as soon as received to this office; and will in all other respects enforce from the officers and men under their command a strict and prompt observance of the requirements of the above-recited act of Congress.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. VOL. AND CONSCRIPT BUREAU, ARMY OF TEN.,Huntsville, March 6, 1863.

The PLANTERS OF LAUDERDALE, LAWRENCE, AND FRANKLIN COUNTIES:

Your position is much endangered by the raids of the enemy's cavalry. Wherever they go they seize all the negroes they can find. Our army has 2,000 veteran soldiers driving teams. We want to hire negro teamsters to relieve these soldiers and restore them to the ranks, thus greatly strengthening the army. All the negroes you hire to the army will be thus saved to their owners, while at the same time the army is more able to defend and protect the country. I have made a like requirement of the slave owners of Maury, Giles, and Lincoln Counties, Ten., and of Madison, Limestone, and Morgan Counties, Ala., and I now call upon you. The above counties have responded with patriotic promptitude. In meeting this want of the army and Government you are performing a patriotic duty, and advancing your own interest by preserving your property and aiding the army to protect the homes and property of the owner. If owners shall fail or refuse to comply with this request, they need not complain of the Government if they should be robbed of their negro property. I send Captain McIver, assistant quartermaster, with contracts signed and complete to carry out this order. His official acts will be binding upon the Government. The terms of the contract, you will see, are liberal, and in everything protect your rights.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, and Chief of Bureau.

The purveying department, as according to the present organization of the Army, forms a part of the Medical Department, or rather what has, from the necessities of the service, grown into the purveying department, is composed of a varying number of medical officers

