
and as many additional purveyors as the service may require to be appointed, when necessary, by the President, with the advice and consent of Congress; such additional purveyors to continue in service only so long as their services may be required in connection with the Provisional Army or militia.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 7, 1863

SECRETARY OF WAR:

This project of a bill, though not exactly what I have contemplated, is found to contain many striking suggestions and is referred for your consideration. The paper was sent to me some time since, and my immediate attention was directed to it by a recent order abolishing the purveyor's office. I fear unfortunate consequences, and ask for your reconsideration of that order.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 26. Richmond, March 7, 1863.

The following order of General Robert E. Lee is adopted by the War Department, and is republished for the information and government of all concerned:

To avoid the danger, if not the certainty, of frequent collisions, and the consequent destructions of life and property, as well as obstruction to all transportation, it is absolutely necessary that the movements of railroad trains should be under one undivided control.

These considerations make it imperative that all trains should be regulated in their movements and speed, only by their conductors and engineers, in accordance with the regulations and time-tables of the company.

All the operations of a road should be controlled by its superintendent, or other authorized officer; and all order for transportation of every kind, and the movement of every train, will be directed through him, when the exigencies of the service demand a variation from the regular schedule.

Disregard of this rule will inevitably be attended with disastrous consequences.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 28. Richmond, March 12, 1863.

I. No regiment, battalion, squadron, or company will be disbanded from the Army prior to expiration of service without express authority obtained from the War Department.

II. Brigadier-generals will not be detached from their brigade, nor colonels from their regiments, except on ordinary temporary duty, without the special authority of the War Department.

III. The appointment of officers of the Army being vested by the Constitution in the President, by and with the advice and consent of Senate, commanding and other officers are hereby cautioned against assumption of this authority. All payments made to persons appointed as officers by military commanders will be charged against the disbursing officers making such payments.

IV. The impositions attempted to be practiced on officers of the Quartermaster's Department charged with paying troops call for the following regulation in respect to the payment of officers absent from

