
"absolute necessity of keeping in the service our gallant Army and of placing in the field a large additional force to meet the advancing columns of the enemy now invading our soil" as the motive for the passage of the law, and its provisions being consonant to this motion.

Second. That all persons enrolled previous to the passage of the act of exemption in October were thus called out and placed in the Army, so that the provisions of the act of exemption of that date did not apply to them.

Third. That as to all unenrolled persons who were between the ages of eighteen and forty years of age at the date of the last act of exemption, that act became operative upon its passage, and the act of exemption of April, repealed in that last act, ceased to have any effect.

Upon these conclusions the Conscript Bureau is now administering the conscript acts.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 14, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

Having been instructed by the General Assembly to communicate to Your Excellency a certified copy of "An act to amend and re-enact 'An act further to provide for the public defense,' passed October 3, 1862," I have the honor herewith to inclose it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to amend and re-enact "An act further to provide for the public defense," passed October 3, 1862.

Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That the act passed October 3, 1862, entitled "An act further to provide for the public defense," be amended and re-enacted so as to read as follows:

1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That it shall be the duty of the Governor of this Commonwealth, and he is hereby authorized and required, whenever thereto requested by the President of the Confederate States, to call into the service of the Confederate States for labor on fortifications and other works for the public defense within the State, from time to time, for a period not exceeding sixty days, a number of male slaves between the ages of eighteen and fifty-five years, not exceeding 10,000 at any one time, and not exceeding in any county, city, or town one-fifth of the number of the male slaves therein between the ages specified, to be apportioned by the Governor. Such requisition shall be apportioned ratably among all the slave-holders in the several counties, cities, and towns on which the requisition shall be made, so as to charge each slave-holder with the same proportion of his male slaves between the ages specified, capable of performing ordinary labor, to be judged of the by court, which may be demanded from his county, city, or town: Provided, however, That the Governor in his discretion may exempt wholly or partially

