
11. All slaves sent voluntarily by their owners to the Confederate authorities and accepted by them shall stand on the same footing as if sent under the proceedings required by this act.

12. This act shall be forthwith communicated by the Governor to the President of the Confederate States. Any request for slaves hereafter made by the President on the Governor shall be regarded as assent to and acceptance of all the provisions of this act by the Confederate States.

13. This act shall be in force from its passage.

Passed March 13, 1863.

A copy from the rolls. Teste.

WILLIAM F. GORDON, Jr.,

Clerk House of Delegates and Keeper of Records.

[MARCH 16, 17, 18, and 20, 1863. -For correspondence between Davis and Brown, in relation to the seizure of the Georgia State Railroad by Bragg, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, pp. 434-437.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 30. Richmond, March 18, 1863.

I. Any employ of a Government establishment who shall leave such employment shall not be received at any other Government establishment or by any contractor under the Government unless he exhibits a proper discharge from the employment which he leaves.

II. Any contractor under the Government who shall employ any workman leaving without proper discharge a Government establishment or the employment of another contractor under the Government shall be notified at once that the detailed end and conscripts in his employment be returned to their proper officers upon report of the facts to the Chief of Ordnance.

III. The orders heretofore given are repeated, that conscripts or detailed men leaving their employment without written permission shall be reported to the nearest enrolling officer, to be tried and punished as deserters.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 18, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant inclosing a certified copy of an act of the Legislature of Virginia, entitled "An act to amend and re-enact 'An act further to provide for the public defense,' passed October 3, 1862. "

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., March 19, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: About the time of the establishment of this Bureau the regular working of the system of conscription appeared somewhat liable

