
If the owners of cotton mills, tanneries, shoemakers, blacksmiths, and other manufactures refuse to receive Confederate money for their products, you will report the parties' names to these headquarters, and unless there are urgent public reasons for a contrary course they themselves (if within conscript age) and their operatives will no longer be exempted.

Exemptions which have been allowed by enrolling officers and others are liable to re-examination, and if found to have been granted in violation of the law will be set aside and the parties placed in the Army.

All officers acting under the authority of this bureau when they receive a conscript or volunteer will swear them into the service, cause to be made out a descriptive roll, and where they have any doubt as to the parties reporting to the command they may elect to join will send them to the Army under a proper escort.

The wants of the infantry arm of the service require that all of the earliest conscripts obtained who are fit for it shall join the infantry. No cavalry officer engaged in enforcing the law under orders of this bureau will be allowed to accept conscripts for his command without permission from the chief of this bureau until the infantry arm shall be made strong enough to allow of a relaxation of this order.

Notice is hereby given the cavalry arm that all cavalrymen who are not mounted on efficient horses, as the law requires, will be required to be mounted on good horses in thirty days; otherwise they will be placed in the infantry; and that all stragglers and absentees from their commands after that date without proper authority will be conscripted and placed in that arm of the service. Citizens of one State found within the limits of another State and officers dropped in the reorganization of the Army and those who have resigned are liable, and where they fail to join as volunteers must be conscripted and placed in the service.

Officers of this bureau will not interfere with camps of instruction established by State or Confederate authority, nor attempt the exercise of authority over officers on duty under either, nor with recruits or volunteers already sworn in and enrolled by them.

We must all work in the same field of labor, relying upon superior energy and industry for success in strengthening the Army of Tennessee.

By order of Brigadier-General Pillow, C. S. Army, and chief of Volunteer and Conscription Bureau, Army of Tennessee:

H. C. LOCKHART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. -As a means of information to the army and the country the press is respectfully requested to give the above as wide a circulation as possible.

H. C. LOCKHART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 18, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Tullahoma, Ten.:

(Through General Joseph E. Johnston.)

In consolidating, by General Orders, No. 112, of 1862, under one administration the matter of conscription, existing assignments of

