
officers from various sources to such duty were adopted. Thence-forward, however, all such officers became subordinate agents of the Bureau of Conscription, not elsewhere responsible, and any subsequent appointments clashing with these are viewed as in their nature incompatible with the system. As has been heretofore indicated, the Department approves of recruiting [and] the apprehension of stragglers and unenrolled material by officers sent from the field, and the commandants of conscripts shall co-operate with all such efforts, but the general control as defined by orders must remain with them.

The orders to send all conscripts from the camps in Alabama and Mississippi to the Army of Tennessee are still in force.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Talladega, Ala., February 19, 1 863.

Lieut. Colonel G. W. LAY,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to inclose copies of two very remarkable orders recently received from General Bragg, and of my letter to Lieutenant Marchbanks, who was sent to put the latter of them in execution.

I am very much embarrassed by not knowing exactly what share of the direct enrollment and conscription of Northern Alabama has been assigned to General Bragg. I am informed by enrolling officers in various quarters that large detachments of cavalry from the Army of Tennessee are scouring the country and taking the work out of their hands. I feel quite confident of being able to perform this duty with at least equal efficiency and at less expense to the Government, if definite limits were assigned me and a definite responsibility attached to the duty, but am now embarrassed by ignorance of the extent and limitations of concurrent authority and duty claimed by different officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WALTHALL,

Major, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, No. 32. Tullahoma, Ten., February 7, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. Lieut. Colonel John Weedon and Captain J. D. Nott, Twenty-second Alabama Regiment, are hereby ordered to proceed to Talladega, Ala., for the purpose of bringing to this place conscripts that may be in camp there. One company of about fifty effective men will be allowed to remain in Talladega.

The arms, equipments, &amp;c., of the men will be brought with them. These officers will return as soon as practicable and report in person to these headquarters.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

