
[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, No. 37. Tullahomaa, Ten., February 12, 1863.

* * * * *

V. Lieut. Colonel W. K. Beard, assistant inspector-general, will send an inspection officer without delay to Talladega, with an order to bring at once to this place all troops, conscript companies, &amp;c., at that place, except the two companies of partisan rangers, which may remain as a guard to that place and Coosa River.

All deserters of this army will be brought, and the officer in command, Major Walthall, will be directed to send all men in future when he has forty over the two guard companies.

Any arms, &c., in the hands of these men will be brought.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Tullahoma, February 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Marchbanks, assistant inspector-general, will proceed to Talladega, Ala., and execute the within order.

By command of General Bragg:

W. K. BEARD,

Inspector-General.

[Sub-inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Talladega, Ala., February 17, 1863.

Lieutenant MARCHBANKS,

Assistant Inspector-General, Talladega, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of paragraph V, Special Orders, No. 37, from headquarters Army of Tennessee, handed me by you yesterday.

This is an order virtually abolishing this camp of instruction, if carried out. The camp was established in pursuance of direct orders from the War Department. Officers have been provided for it by the same authority. It has been in operation for more than five months, and in spite of innumerable difficulties has been the means of drilling, disciplining, and sending into the field about 1,200 men, suppressing a number of attempts at organized rebellion in the adjacent country, and returning to their proper corps a very great number of deserters from the various armies in the field.

By reference to General Orders, No. 82, of 1862, from the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, dated November 3, 1862, paragraph II, clause 4, modified by various subsequent orders from the same source, it will be observed that I am forbidden to recognize any order from "generals commanding departments or armies in the field. " The only sources from which I can properly receive orders are the War Department, the Bureau of Conscription, and my senior in the same duty, Major Swanson, commandant of conscripts for this State. Unless the order presented by you should be approved by the one or the other of these authorities, it is impossible for me to obey it except under the compulsion of force.

