
burg, they may render the country good service, but here they never will. Since the operation of the conscript law in East Tennessee the regiments stationed there are more nearly full than those of any other section of the country, notwithstanding the number of desertions, while those at Vicksburg are very much reduced.

I would again call your attention to the importance of requiring all discharged on account of having furnished a substitute to give the of the substitute. In the event of another call, to the age of forty-five years, it would be found that many who have already furnished substitutes would themselves be liable.

The number of details furnished for the Quartermaster's Department will be sent you in a few days. Descriptive rolls of all persons detailed have been kept in this office, and such men can at any time be put into the ranks should it be required. A reduction of the number could, in my opinion, be made with advantage to the service, but it should be judiciously reduced after a careful inspection of the various departments where detailed men are employed. The recruiting of companies for the enforcement of the law, from non-conscripts, I regret to say, progresses but slowly. Could such persons be assured that they would be allowed some time to attend their farms I have no doubt that I could soon procure a force that would render good service. I propose, therefore, that one-third be allowed to farm while the two-thirds shall be engaged in enforcing the conscripts law, which will probably offer the double advantage of producing provisions and men for our Army.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. BLAKE,

Lieut. Colonel C. S. Army, Commanding of Conscripts.

[Inclosure No. 10.]

NOTASULGA, March 13, 1863.

General G. J. RAINS:

Lieut. Colonel J. W. Echols, of the Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiment, has established his headquarters in Montgomery, Ala., and styles himself chief of Volunteer and Conscript Bureau, with orders from General G. J. Pillow which are in direct violation of General Orders, No. 82, of 1862, and the circular of the 8th of January, 1863. This officer with his constant disregard all details, exemptions, and discharges, though the discharge may be from the district examining board, and for permanent disability, they are producing much confusion and dissatisfaction. [Sic.]

W. G. SWANSON.

[Inclosure No. 11.]

KNOXVILLE, TEN., March 13, 1863.

Lieut. Colonel GEORGE W. LAY,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to inclose an order of Colonel Coltart published in the Knoxville papers, and to ask whether the order has been published by direction of the Superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. BLAKE,

Lieut. Colonel C. S. Army, Commandant of Conscripts.

