
[Sub-inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SUB-DEPT. VOLUNTEER AND CONSCRIPT BUREAU, ARMY OF TEN., No. 1. Greeneville, Ten., March 9, 1863.

I. Colonel J. G. Coltart being assigned to duty in this department hereby assumes command.

II. For the information of all officers concerned, Special Orders, No. 145, dated headquarters Volunteer and Conscript Bureau, Army of Tennessee, Huntsville, Ala., March 4, 1863, is published below, and it will be immediately complied with.

By order of J. G. Coltart, colonel, commanding Sub-Department Volunteer and Conscript Bureau:

J. T. BRUCKNER,

Adjutant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. VOL. AND CONSCRIPT BUREAU, No. 145. Huntsville, Ala., March 4, 1863.

I. All the officers of this bureau on duty in East Tennessee and Western North Carolina will report by letter to Colonel John G. Coltart, commanding sub-department, of which Greneville is the rendezvous.

They will be governed by his instructions, and he will give them active and energetic support in the discharge of their duties.

By order of Brigadier-General Pillow, C. S. Army, and chief of bureau:

H. C. LOCKHART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 31. Richmond, March 19, 1863.

In consequence of numerous applications made by various persons to the War Department, it is obvious that some misconception in regard to the instructions of the Secretary of War in relation to the impressment of supplies must exist on the part of the people, or that the agents of the Government have violated their instructions. Now, therefore, for the purpose of removing such misconception, and to prevent any violation of those instructions, it is hereby ordered:

I. That no officer of the Government shall, under any circumstances whatever, impress the supplies which a party has for his own consumption, or that of his familia, employees, or slaves.

II. That no officer shall at any time, unless specially ordered so to do by a general commanding in a case of exigency, impress supplies which are on their way to market for sale on arrival.

III. These orders were included in the instructions originally issued in relation to impressment by the Secretary of War, and the officers exercising such authority are again notified that "any one acting without or beyond" the authority given in those instructions will be held strictly responsible.

IV. When non-commissioned officers, musicianns, or privates entitled to furlough under the act of December 11, 1861, or that of April 16, 1862, have died, or may hereafter die, before the receipt thereof, their personal representatives shall be allowed the commutation value of

