
transportation from the point where such parties die to their homes and back.

V. When non-commissioned officers, musicians, or privates entitled under either of the preceding acts to a furlough, shall have been, or may hereafter be, promoted to the rank of commissioned officers prior to the receipt thereof, they shall be allowed the same commutation as is provided in the previous paragraph, or when they go on leave the transportation in kind, at their option.

VI. Claims arising under paragraph I will be settled by the Second Auditor; those under paragraph II by officers of the Quartermaster's Department. In the latter class the facts must be attested by the certificate of the commanding officer of the regiment to which the claimant belonged at the date of his promotion.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

CIRCULAR.] SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., March 19, 1863.

Medical purveyors will make endeavors, through cards published in newspapers, to induce the ladies throughout the South to interest themselves in the culture of the garden poppy. They may thus render the Confederacy essential service. Purveyors will furnish the ladies with the seeds of the poppy if on hand or procurable, and will instruct them that the juice exuding from the punctured capsules, when sufficiently hardened, should be carefully put up and forwarded to the nearest purveying depot.

SAMUEL PRESTON MOORE,

Surgeon-General, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. VOL. AND CONSCRIPT BUREAU, ARMY OF TEN.,Huntsville, Ala., March 19, 1863.

Captain FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I acknowledge the reception of the copy of the communication of the Secretary of War of the 2d instant to General Bragg* relating to the organization of this bureau and the conscript law, together with instructions of General Bragg directing "a prompt and rigid compliance with the instructions of this letter" of Secretary of War. This I will of course as promptly as possible do. These instructions will materially change the operations of this bureau by curtailing the extent of the organization as well as the population out of which I am allowed to draw support for General Bragg's army. The instructions as I understand them "cut up by the root" all power to enforce the conscript law through the agencies of this bureau. They only allow the recruiting service in Mississippi and that part of Alabama north of the Alabama and Tallapoosa Rivers. In Mississippi General Pemberton's army absorbs nearly all from the conscripts camps. In

---------------

*See Seddon to Johnston, p. 415.

---------------

