
these headquarters. In six weeks he has done ten times as much to strengthen this army as all the conscripts officers. His reports and returns, of course, could not have reached them by the time they complained. He but feebly portrays the abuses known to exist in our conscript camps. As requested, he will be relieved and this army will again decrease.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

TULLAHOMA, March 27, 1863.

The attention of the War Department is respectfully asked to the statement of the abuses prevailing in the conscript service, which is far from exaggeration. Unless the organization of that service is improved we shall receive few more recruits in this army.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 1, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

APRIL 3, 1863.

Referred to Bureau of Conscription.

By order of Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Fifth indorsement.]

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, April 14, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the War Department.

This paper is just received here to-day for the second time. Its second reference to this office is supposed to be the result of accident or mistake, as it was fully reported on and returned inclosed in a letter from the superintendent to the War Department April 7, 1863. *

By order of the superintendent:

G. W. LAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AN ACT to provide and organize engineer troops to serve during the war.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there shall be selected, in such manner as the Secretary of War may direct, from each division of infantry in service, one company of engineer troops, to consist of one hundred men, chosen with a view to their mechanical skill and physical fitness, and that the men assigned to such company shall be required to serve in the same only during the balance of their term of service, respectively.

SEC. 2. That each company shall consist of eight sergeants, seven corporals, forty artificers, and forty-five laborers, and that two musicians may be added.

---------------

*See p. 473.

---------------

