
SEC. 3. That the commissioned officers of each company shall consist of one captain, one first lieutenant, and two second lieutenants; and that the original vacancies in these companies shall be filled by the transfer officers of corresponding grade from the Engineer Corps, if practicable, and where not, then from the other corps, or from the line or staff of the Army, reference being always had to their qualification as engineers, or by selection; but no one shall be selected who is not now serving in or with the Army, unless he is a military or civil engineer.

SEC. 4. That the companies shall be organized into regiments of ten companies each, and that the field and staff officers shall consist of one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, one adjutant with the rank of first lieutenant, one quartermaster-sergeant, and one sergeant-major; and that the original vacancies in the regiments shall be filled in the manner provided for filling the same in the companies, by the third section of this act; and that the sergeant-major and the quartermaster-sergeant shall be selected from the enlisted men of the Army.

SEC. 5. That in each regiment two of the companies shall be assigned to duty as pontoniers, and each be furnished with a bridge train complete.

SEC. 6. That the officer in charge of the Engineer Bureau, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War, shall prescribe the number, form, and dimensions of the wagons, pontoons, trestles, tools, implements, arms and other necessaries for all the troops organized by this act.

SEC. 7. That vacancies in the established regiments to, and including the rank of colonel, shall be filled by promotion, regimentally, according to seniority, except in case of disability or other incompetency.

SEC. 8. That the monthly pay of the engineer troops shall be as follows: Of a colonel, two hundred and ten dollars; of a lieutenant-colonel, one hundred and eighty-five dollars; of a major, one hundred and sixty-two dollars; of a captain, one hundred and forty dollars; of a first lieutenant, one hundred dollars; of a second lieutenant, ninety dollars, and the adjutant shall receive ten dollars per month in addition to this pay as lieutenant.

SEC. 9. That the pay of the enlisted men, per month, shall be as follows: The sergeant-major and quartermaster-sergeant, each, twenty-one dollars; sergeants, thirty-four dollars; corporals, twenty dollars; artificers, seventeen dollars; laborers and musicians, thirteen dollars.

SEC. 10. That mounted engineer troops may be selected from the cavalry, and be organized according to the provisions of this act, for engineer troops, as hereinbefore specified.

Approved March 20, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS,Fredericksburg, Va., March 20, 1863.

Hon. ED. SPARROW,

Chairman Senate Committee Military Affairs:

SIR: I regret that my absence and necessary attention to [pressing] matters since my return have prevented an earlier reply to your letter of the 11th instant. Before expressing my views in relation to Senate bill No. 73, of which you have done me the honor to ask my opinion, it may be proper for me to state that the more simple the organization

