
fallacy of this theory. Such, too, has been the case wherever the conscript law has been in force in the governments of Europe.

Wherever the governments have agencies in the field for compelling obedience to the law the men are brought into the Army. In the French service these conscripts are arrested, placed in schools of instruction, are kept separate from the army, have their own uniform, and are constantly guarded and never allowed to leave their barracks except under guards who accompany them, until fir to enter the army. My knowledge of this service and of the measures necessary to give success to any system of conscripting those liable to law, has satisfied me that no organization will be successful which does not rest on the exercise of force where necessary. The great mass of men yet liable to duty under the law will have to see that the Government has the means at hand to enforce the law before they will enter the service. If properly sustained by the Government and relieved from the embarrassment of having two organizations in the field, with the agencies now employed in this bureau and those of the Richmond Bureau united, I am certain that I could throw into the Army 100,000 men in a short time. I am relieved from most unpleasant labor-most distasteful to my feelings-by the orders from the War Department. I had informed the general commanding that I should apply to him soon to be relieved from duty in this bureau, and I have no regrets at the action of the War Department, but I feel sure that in the end the Government will be forced to adopt means of compulsory service, and I cannot but regret that so much time, now so important to the country, should be lost.

I have been led to the expression of these views from the conviction of the great importance of the subject and the necessity of placing before the Government all the information necessary for its proper consideration and adoption of a wise system of executing the conscript law. With this view, I hand you another sworn statement* of a most intelligent and efficient officer who has been on duty in connection with service for some time under General Bragg's orders. I think his opinions may be useful to the Government and that the facts he states will be especially so.

With great respect,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier Gen. C. S. Army, Chief of Bureau, Army of Tennessee.

AN ACT to provide for the funding and further issue of Treasury notes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all Treasury notes not bearing interest, issued previous to the first day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall be findable in eight per cent. bonds or stock, until the twenty-second day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-three; that from that date until the first day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, they shall be findable in 7 per cent. bonds or stocks, and after the said first day of August they shall no longer be findable at the pleasure of the holder, but shall be receivable in payment of public dues, except the export duty on cotton, and payable six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace, as specified on their face. All Treasury notes not bearing interest, issued after the first day of December, eighteen

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

