
cent. bonds, and payable and receivable as heretofore prescribed but the said certificates may be redeemed by the Government after six months from the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States.

SEC. 4. That all bonds or registered stock authorized to be issued by this act shall be payable not less then thirty years after date; but shall be redeemable five years after date, at the pleasure of the Government, and shall in other respect conform to existing laws.

SEC. 5. The Secretary of the Treasury shall use any disposable means in the Treasury, which can be applied to the purpose without injury to the public service, to the purchase of Treasury notes bearing no interest, and issued after the passage of this act, until the whole amount of Treasury notes in circulation shall not exceed one hundred and seventy-five millions of dollars.

SEC. 6. The Treasury notes hereby allowed to be issued shall be of any denomination of not less than five dollars, which is now authorized by law, the Secretary of the Treasury may direct. The authority hereby given shall cease at the expiration of the first session of Congress, after the ratification of a treaty of peace, or at the end of two years, should the war continue so long.

SEC. 7. In addition to the authority hereinbefore given to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue Treasury notes, he shall be allowed to issue note s of the denominations of one dollar, and of two dollars, and of fifty cents,. to such an amount as, in addition to the notes of the denomination of one dollar, heretofore issued, shall not exceed the sum of fifteen millions of dollars; and said notes shall be payable six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United Stated, and receivable in payment of all public dues except the export duty on cotton, but shall not be fundable.

SEC. 8. That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to sell bonds bearing six per cent. interest per annum, and payable, as hereinbefore directed, at par for Treasury notes issued since the first of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to such of the Confederate States as may desire to purchase the same; or he may sell such bonds, when guaranteed by any of the States of the Confederacy upon such plan as may be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, for Treasury not, on such terms as he may been advisable, to the highest bidder, and not below par: Provided, however, That the whole amount of such bonds shall not exceed two hundred millions of dollars: And provided further, That the Treasury notes thus purchased shall not be reissued, if the effect of such reissue would be to increase the whole amount of Treasury notes, bearing no interest, which are in circulation, to a sum greater than one hundred and seventy-five millions of dollars. And the Secretary of the Treasury is also authorized, at his option, after the first of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to issue and sell, at not less than per, as estimated in Treasury notes, coupon bonds of the Confederate States bearing six per cent. interest per annum, and payable as hereinbefore directed. The said coupons to be paid at the pleasure of the owner, either in the currency in which interest is paid on other bonds of the Confederate States, or else in cotton certificates which pledge the Government to pay the same in cotton of the quality of New Orleans middling. The said cotton to be paid at the rate of eight pence sterling per pound, and to be delivered at any time within six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate

