
States and the United States, at any or all of the ports of New Orleans, Mobile. Savannah, Charleston or Wilmington, as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct: Provided, however, That the bonds hereby authorized shall not exceed one hundred millions of dollars, and shall be applied only to the absorption of Treasury notes, as prescribed in this act.

SEC. 9. That is shall be the duty on the Secretary of the Treasury, immediately after the passage of this act, to make publication of a copy thereof in each State, in at least two newspapers published in the State, and to have said publication continued until the first day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

Approved March 23, 1863.

CIRCULAR.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, March 24, 1863.

To avoid conflict and competition between the officers of this department in the purchase of army supplies, and, as far as possible, between officers if this department and those of the Ordnance or Commissary Department, in the purchase of supplies common to both, quartermaster are especially directed to observe the following regulations:

1. The following named States will constitute separate purchasing district and the officers herein designated will have respectively in each the exclusive control or through subordinates, of all purchases of supplies needed by this department: (1) Virginia, Lieut. Colonel l. Smith, Richmond; (2) North Carolina, Major W. W. Pierce, Raleigh; (3) South Carolina, Major Hutson Lee, Charleston; (4) Georgia, Major I. T. Winnemore, Augusta; (5) Alabama, Maj J. L. Calhoun, Montgomery; (6) Mississippi, Major L. Mims, Jackson; (7) Florida Major H. R. Teasdale, Lade City; (8) Louisiana, Major G. W. Grice Alexandria; (9) Texas, Major T. A. Washington, San Antonio; (10) Arkansas and Missouri, Major J. B. Burton, Little Rock; (11) Tennessee and Kentucky, Major James Glover, Knoxville.

2. It shall be the duty of these principal purchasing officers to establish and from time to time regulate the prices at which army supplies are to be brought, and to confer with each other so as to secure, as far as practicable, uniformity therein, making due allowance for differences of locations and other circumstances. They will require from their subordinates monthly reports showing the quantity of supplies purchased or manufactured by them, what thereof has been issued, and the residue on hand. A summary of these, together with a similar statement of his own operations, will be forwarded monthly by the chief officer to the Quartermaster-General, and the same will be accompanied by general remarks showing what supplies, either manufactured or in the raw material, he may have excess beyond his future wants, so that it may be transferred elsewhere when needed. The average coast of each article of supply will also be stated.

3. Quartermasters stationed at the various posts within either of said purchasing district will be the subordinate purchasing officers therein, and before buying supplies or contracting therefor they will confer with the principal officer and conform to such general or specific instructions as he may give respecting the price, quantity, or quality of the supplies bought.

4. Main depots of supplies will be established at Richmond and Staunton, Va. ; Raleight, N. C. ; Columbus and Atlanta, Ga. ; Huntsville

