
and Montgomery, Ala. ; Jackson, Miss. ; Alexandria, La. ; Little Rock, Ark. ; Knoxville, Ten. ; San Antonio, Tex., or elsewhere, as may hereafter be indicated. These will not be subject to the orders of commanding generals, but will be exclusive control of the Quartermaster-General, and issue therefore will be made only o requisition approved by him.

Minor depots may be established by the principal purchasing officers at such other points within their district as the necessities of the service may require, and their locations will be reported, from time to time, to this office.

5. The chief quartermaster of each separate army will draw supplies, as far as may be practicable, from the established depots of stores and will make purchases thereof in the military department within which the army operates only when circumstances render that course absolutely necessary. He will then, whether acting in person or through subordinates, confer if possible with the principal purchasing officer of the district within he may be, and use every precaution to avoid competition.

6. Forage and fuel purchased in the vicinity of an army are excepted from the above restriction. These can be best provided on the spot, to the extent that the country affords them, and by the

field quartermaster; and the chief quartermaster will be careful to see that the same are procured and paid for in accordance with the instructions issued by the War Department. Forage should always be drawn, when circumstances permit, from regions in advance of our armies and those most exposed to the enemy. Field quartermasters may also purchase, under the direction of the commanding officers supplies of any character issued by this department from a region of country occupied temporarily by the forces of the Confederate States and where any system of purchase is in operation.

7. When special agents shall be sent out by the Quartermaster-General to obtain supplies, they will be instructed to report to the principal officer of any district into which they may go, and confer with him, to avoid competition.

8. All officers of this department will endeavor to avoid competing in prices with commissaries in the purchase of corn, or with ordnance officers in the purchase of hides, leather, harness, &amp;c. They will reports also to this office all cases of unnecessary competition brought about by the action of any officer or agent of eight of the bureaus referred to.

9. No officer of this department will send an agent to a foreign country, nor will they visit or send to a sea-port town of this Confederacy to buy supplies imported from abroad. The latter purchases will be made, always, by the post quartermaster on instructions received from this office, or from the principal purchasing officer of the district. When such supplies are removed for speculation after being rejected by the post quartermaster on account of price, they will not be purchased elsewhere.

10. No purchasing officer will ever go into another district to buy supplies, but will procure the same, when it may be necessary, through the local officer therein.

11. Any officer of this department who holds an executory contract for army supplies in another purchasing district than that in which he is stationed shall transfer the same, upon the receipt of this circular, to the principal purchasing office of the district where such contract is to be executed. Field quartermaster, regardless of their

