
location, will make a similar transfer of all contracts, expect such as come within section No. 6 of these instructions.

12. The foregoing rules will not be taken to interfere with the operations of Major F. W. Dillard, as heretofore charged with the receipt of hides from the Commissary Department and the manufacture of shoes therefrom. He will continue to have the exclusive control thereof in the State of Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, and South Carolina, and all quartermasters within those States will dispose of hides received from commissaries as he may direct. Not will they interfere with those of Major Charles S. Carrington, who will act independently as heretofore in providing forage for the armies of Virginia and North Carolina.

13. Purchasing officers will employ agents only under authorities, general or special, derived from this office. The authorities heretofore given must be renewed immediately, and in submitting applications for the retention of old agents, therein names, the date of the authority under which they were employed, and the rate of their compensation will be stated. When authority is asked and granted to employ new agents whose names have not been furnished in advance, a report thereof shall be made promptly, stating who are so engaged and at what compensation. In every case such facts will be set forth as go to show the necessity for the proposed services, and the application will be forwarded through the principaldistrict for his approval or remark. All officers will furnish their agents with written evidence of the agency, showing the object and extent thereof, and when such agency is discontinued the evidence mentioned will be taken in and the fact reported to this office. Every officer will be careful to settle up the transaction of his own agents.

The observance of the foregoing is important in restraining abuses, decreasing the number of employees from civil life, and leading to the detection of importers speculating in the name of the Government.

14. All quartermasters will be held to strict accountability for any departure from these instructions, and department commanders and other subordinate officers are prohibited from employing field quartermaster or agents in making purchases in violation of the same.

EMPLOYEES OF QUARTERMASTER AND THEIR COMPENSATION.

To limit the number of employees in this department and their compensation, all officers thereof will be careful to conform to the following rules:

To troops in the field the allowance shall be:

1. To each regimental or battalion quartermaster, in addition to the quartermaster-sergeant, one wagon-master and, when the same shall be necessary, one clerk, both to be detailed from the command.

2. To each brigade quartermaster or quartermaster attached to a division, one wagon-master and, when the same shall be necessary, one clerk, both to be detailed from the command.

3. To all commissary, ordnance, and quartermasters' trains, one wagon-master for every ten teams, either hired or derailed, and if hired, wages not to exceed $50 a month. When these trains exceed in number fifty teams, a superintending wagon-master for the whole will be allowed, at a compensation not exceeding $75 a month.

Station and depots:

4. The number of employees at stationed and depots will be regulated specially by this office with reference to the necessities of each case.

