
Officers thereat will apply in all cases to the Quartermaster-General for authority to retain old employed or engage new ones. These applications will be made accordance with the provisions of preceding section No. 12, in respect to the employment of agents by purchasing officers, and when forwarded by officers in the field will come through the chief quartermaster of the army to which they are attached.

5. No quartermaster serving with troops, or at a depot in the field, will be allowed to employ agents, and all authorities heretofore granted are revoked.

6. No application should embrace the name of a civilian as clerk,

Unless he was employed by a quartermaster, under the sanction of this office, prior to the act of Congress of February 16, 1862. In no case will the compensation of a clerk from civil life exceed the sum of $1,000 per annum.

7. All reports called for by this circular shall be distinct from the monthly returns of persons and articles hired.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

Approved.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General PILLOW,

Huntsville, Ala.:

The Department for the third time instruct you that all interference by you in the matter of conscription is without authority. The establishment by you of bureaus of conscription, the withdrawal of conscripts without a report to and allowance from the commanders of conscripts in the appropriate district, the interference with the decisions of enrolling officers, surgeon, boards, or decisions of the commanders of conscripts are contrary to the orders of this Department.

Telegrams have been sent to General Bragg on this subject, and a letter to General Johnston fully explaining the views of the Department on this subject, in addition to the communications to you, in the opinion of the Department, are enough to define the limits of your action. If hopes that it may not be required to do more in this matter after this time.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

ORDER. Richmond, March 24, 1863.

The attention of officers having charge of conscripts in directed to section 2 of the act of Congress approved October 2, 1862, which is as follows:

SEC. 2. That if any person who has been or is about to be enrolled for service in the Army shall, at any time before being assigned to any company, declare to the enrolling or commanding officer that he prefers being enrolled for service in the Navy or the Marine Corps, it shall be the duty of the said officer to enroll such person for the service which he may prefer, and to transmit to the Secretary of the Navy a list of the persons so enrolled.

