
The superintendent directs that this provision of the law be observed, and that reports be made accordingly.

Whenever any officer of the Navy designated by the Navy Department shall present himself for the purpose, any officer in charge of conscripts will cause them to be mustered in presence of such officer of the Navy, in order that they may be offered the alternative of entering the naval service.

By order of Brigadier Gen. G. J. Rains, superintendent:

A. C. JONES, m

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 25, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM M. WADLEY,

In Charge of Railroad Transportation, Augusta, Ga.:

SIR: The dilatory and irregular transportation on the railroads is really matter of suspense as well as serious anxiety to me. It is essential that transportation of supplies, especially of meat for the armies in Virginia, should be more rapid and regular. I learn with astonishment from the Commissary-General that through since the 1st of January he has been urging the transportation of meat from his reserve at Atlanta to this city, he has not yet received in all more than some 400,000 pounds. Surely there must have been some gross inattention on the part of either the railroads in giving preference to Government freight or on the quartermaster in carrying the meat to the trains. Will you at once institute inquiries and correct the delays on this route? Some general plan, however, it seems to me, is necessary to contract the increasing delays and irregularities, and I would suggest that you arrange with the roads on all leading lines schedules of continuous freight trains to run with like regularity and connection as the passenger trains. I had supposed this course had long been pursued, as it seems to me manifestly required to give full efficiency to the railroad facilities as well as to their own interest, but learn that, owing to the jealousies and convenience of special roads, it has never been practiced. The least calculation will show that if the railroads will in good faith give preference to Government freight and will steadily and continually run their freight trains by thorough schedule more than all the supplies needed for the Government can be transported on the leading lines. Harmony, co-operation, and reasonable energy on their part only are required, and I trust you will at once lend all your energy and address to the accomplishment of a good understanding and the running of through lines on schedules to be arranged by yourself. It would be difficult for the to agree on such schedules, but they might, I think, be shown the necessity of the matter to the Government as well as their own interest as to some into schedules arranged by you. Do give your earnest attention to this or some other effective mode of enforcing transportation at once.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

