
a part of the ordnance corps, continue to be reorganized in their positions until relieved by the assignment of officers of the ordnance corps regularly appointed officers assigned for ordnance duty, at the discretion of any general commanding an army or department, when the interest of the service requires it.

All such changes will be communicated to the Chief of Ordnance at Richmond.

III. All officers in charge of arsenals, armories workshops, depots or other posts where works is performed by detailed men who are paid by the department in which they are employed, and who relinquish claim for pay as soldiers, shall make monthly reports to the chiefs of their respective bureaus, containing full lists and descriptions of the men, with a correct statement of the pay they receive. These reports will be guidance of the Pay Department, to prevent the payment of fraudulent claims.

IV. All generals or other officers commanding military departments or districts will require from provost -marshals and commandants of prisoners monthly reports of all citizens and other persons not connected with the Confederate Army held in confinement, with specifications of date and cause of arrest, and by when arrested, accompanied with such remarks as they may deem proper, and forward the same without delay to this office.

V. Paragraph VI. General Orders, No 31, current series, is so far amended as to read as follows:

Claims arising under paragraph IV will be settled by the Second Auditor; those under paragraph V by officers of the Quartermaster's Department. In the latter class the facts must be attested by the certificate of the commanding officer of the regiment to which the claimant belonged at the date of his promotion.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Richmond, March 26, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Inclosed I hand you a copy of a letter from Mr. F. H. Match, collector of New Orleans, now at Tangipahoa, in relation to the procurement of supplies, and respectfully request your co-operation in the measures proposed by him.

Respectfully,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Inclosure.]

COLLECTOR'S OFFICE, STATE OF MISSISSIPPI,

Tangipahoa, March 17, 19863.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that notwithstanding the duties assigned to me in this department, and the discretion given me in relation to trade, that for some time past the military authorities

