
No. 38, of that year. A more rigid enforcement of the requirements of that act on the part of commanding officers therein referred to is deemed important to the interest of the service.

* * * *

III. The price of beef hides, transferred in accordance with paragraph III, General Orders, No. 64, of 1862, will be at the following rates: For green hides 5 cents per pound, and hides, 10 cents per pound in the Trans-Mississippi Department; and for all beef hides east of the Mississippi River, 30 cents per pound. These prices will be paid by the quartermaster and assistant quartermasters to the commissaries transferring them, and the latter will account for the fund thus received int their next current.

IV. By General Orders, No 61, paragraph Ii, last series, from this office, quartermasters are directed to bear on their returns ambulances a wagons for the transportation or regimental hospital supplies, the teams, and drivers. It is also their duty to keep them in good condition and ready for active service. Commanders will require the performance of this duty.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR.] SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., April 1, 1863.

Medical directors will direct medical officers to make persevering and well-regulated efforts to have collected for the sick in the field affected or threatened with scurvy daily supplies of the within-enumerated or other native edible plants and herbs growing in the vicinity of camp, viz: Wild mustard, water cresses, wild garlic or onion, sassafras, lamb's-quarters, sorrel, shoots of the (bleached preferred), artichoke, plume of the dandelion (bleached), garden parsley, peppergrass, wild yam. Company commanders should also be urged for the prevention of scurvy to procure in like manner by detail their companies supplies of the same of the use of their companies. Those charged with collecting should be impressed with the vital importance of exercising a careful discretion in the recognition of the different articles to be collected. As an addition security in doubtful cases, inspection by a medical officer is recommended. He should also give instructions concerning the methods of preparing and using each article as best calculated to secure good effect. Medical officers in charge of hospitals will be instructed to furnish the sick with as liberal an allowance of succulent vegetables as their condition and the state of the hospital fund will allow.

SAMUEL PRESTON MOORE,

Surgeon-General.

[APRIL 1, 1863. -For authority granted to Colonel Stand Watie to raise a brigade in the Cherokee National, see Series I, VOL., XXII, Part Ii, p. 810.]

