
AN ACT to alter and amend an act entitled "An act for the sequestration of the estates property and effects of alien enemies and for indemnity of citizens of the Confederate States, and persons aiding the same in the existing war with the United States, "approved August 30, 1861, and an act altering and amending the same, approved on the 15th day of February, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That any district court of the Confederate States may, in its discretion, direct any of its receivers to lease out any sequestered land within his district on which or any mines or beds of copper, lead, iron, coal, saltpeter or other minerals, for a period not exceeding three years, and in such manner, and upon such terms as the court may prescribe, and such orders may be made, either by the court, or by the judge thereof, in vacation.

Approved April 2, 1863.

JOINT RESOLUTION relating to the production of provision.

Whereas, a strong impression prevails through the country that the war now being waged against the people of the Confederate States may terminate during the present year; and whereas, this impression is leading may patriots citizens to engage largely in the production of cotton and tobacco, which they would not otherwise do; and whereas, in the opinion of Congress, it is of the utmost importance, not only with a view to the proper subsistence of our armies, but for the interest and welfare of all the people that the agricultural labor of the country should be employed chiefly in the production of a supply of food to meet every contingency: Therefore.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That it is the deliberate judgment of Congress that the people of these States, while hoping for peace, should look to prolonged war as the only condition proffered by the enemy short of subjugation; that every preparation necessary to encounter such a war should be persisted in; and that the amplest supply of provisions for armies and people should be the first object of all agriculturalists; wherefore, it is earnestly recommended that the people, instead of planting cotton and tobacco, shall direct their agricultural labor mainly to the production of such crops as will insure a sufficiency of food for all classes and for every emergency, thereby with true patriotism subordinating the hope of gain to the certain good of the country.

SEC. 2. That the President is hereby requested to issue a proclamation to the people of these States urging upon them the necessity or guarding against the great perils of a short crops of provisions and setting forth such reasons therefore as his judgment may dictate.

Approved April 4, 1863.

[APRIL 4, 1863. For Davis to Pettus, suggesting the discharge of certain Mississippi militia to enable them to plant crops, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 453.

GENERAL ORDERS, AD GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 36. Richmond, April 6, 1863.

The superintendent of the Niter and Mining Bureau is authorized to pay, from the appropriation for the purchase and manufacture of

