
niter, the actual traveling expenses of officers of the niter corps on duty, under orders, in lieu of any commutation for the time of rations and forage.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 37. Richmond, April 6, 1863.

I. The following act of Congress, concerning "impressments," and the instructions of the War Department respecting it, are published for the information and direction of all concerned:

AN ACT to regulate impressments.

The Congress of the Confederate of America do enact, That whenever the exigencies of any army in the field are such as to make impressments of forage, articles of subsistence, or other property absolutely necessary, then such impressments may be made by the officer of officer whose duty it is to furnish such forage, articles of subsistence, or other property for such army. In cases where the owner of such property and the impressing officer cannot agree upon the value thereof, it shall be the duty of such impressing officer, upon an affidavit in writing of the owner such property, or his agent, that such property was grown, raised, or produced by said owner, or is held or has been purchased by him, not for sale or speculation, but for his own use or consumption, to cause the same to be ascertained by the judgment of two loyal and disinterested citizens of the city, country, or parish in which such impressments may be made, on to be selected by the owner, one by the impressing officer, and in the event of their disagreement these two shall choose an umpire of like qualifications, whose decision shall be final. The persons thus selected, after taking an oath to appraise the property impressed fairly and impartially (which oath, as well as the affidavit provided for in this section, the impressing officer is hereby authorized to administer and certify), shall proceed to assess just compensation for the property so impress, whether the absolute ownership, or the temporary use thereof, only is required.

SEC. 2. That the officer or person impressing property, as aforesaid, shall, at the time of said taking, pay to the owner, his agent or attorney the compensation fixed by said appraisers; and shall also give to the owner, or person controlling said property, a certificate, ovsignature, specifying the battalion, regiment brigade, division, or corps to which be belongs; that said property is essential for the use of the Army, could be otherwise procured and was taken through absolute necessity, setting fourth forth the time and place, when and where taken, the amount of compensation fixed by said appraisers, and the sum, if any, paid for the same. Said certificate shall be evidence for the owner, as well of the taking of said property for the public use, as the right of the owner to the amount of compensation fixed as aforesaid. And in case said officer or person taking said property shall have failed to pay the owner or his agent, said compensation as hereinbefore required, then said owner shall be entitled to the speedy payment of the same by the proper disbursing officer; which when so paid shall be in full satisfaction of all claim against the Government of the Confederate States.

SEC. 3. Whenever the appraisement provided for in the first section of this act shall, for any reason, be impracticable at the time of said impressment, then and in that case the value of the property impressed shall be assessed as soon as possible by two case the loyal and disinterested citizens of the city, county, or parish wherein the property was taken chosen as follows: One by the owner and one by the Commissary or Quartermaster General, or his agent, who, in case of disagreement, shall choose a third of like qualifications as an umpire to decide the matters in dispute, who shall be sworn as aforesaid, who shall hear the proofs adduced by the parties as to the value of said property and assess a just compensation thereof, according to the testimony.

SEC. 4. That whenever the Secretary of War shall be of opinion that it is necessary to take private property for public use, by reason of the impracticability of procuring the same by purchase, so as to accumulate necessary supplies for

