
SEC. 10. That previous to the first day of December next, no slave laboring on a farm or plantation, exclusively devoted to the production of grain and provisions, shall be taken for the public use without the consent of the owner, except in case of urgent necessity.

SEC. 11. That any commissioned or non-commissioned officer or private who shall violate the provisions of this act shall be tried before the military court of the corps to which he is attached, on complaint made by the owner or other person, and on conviction, if an officer, he shall be cashiered and put into the ranks as a private; and if a non-commissioned officer or private, he stall suffer such punishment, not inconsistent with military law, as the court may direct.

Approved March 26, 1863.

II. 1. By the authority of the act of Congress aforesaid the Secretary of War hereby recognized impressment as a legal and operative mode of securing necessary supplies of subsistence, medical and quartermaster's store for the armies of the Confederate States I the field, and to accumulate them in magazine, posts, and depots, owing to the impracticability of procuring them by contract.

2. Impressments may be made under orders from generals commanding armies, departments, corps, divisions, brigades, and by commanders of detached parties and posts, when a necessity arises, which orders may be executed by quartermasters, commissaries, or medical purveyors and their subordinates, for their departments.

The Quartermaster-General, Commissary-General, an Surgeon-General may designate the officers and persons who shall be competent to make impressments to accumulate supplies at post and depots.

3. No officer or agent shall impress the necessary supplies which any person may have for the consumption of himself, his family employees, slaves, or to carry on his ordinary mechanical, manufacturing, or agricultural employments.

4. Before any impressment of property shall take place the impressing officer or his agent shall make an offer, addressed to the owner, his bailee or agent, to purchase the property, describing the property he wishes to purchase, the price to be paid, and the mode of payment, whether in money or by certificate, and stating that upon the refusal of the price offered that compensation for the property will be made according to the act of Congress aforesaid for the regulation of impressments; which notice shall bind the said property until the completion of the negotiation for the sale or appropriation thereof so that there cam be no removal or transfer of the same.

5. In the event of the refusal of the price offered the impressing officer shall proceed to settle the compensation to be paid, according to the first section of the act aforesaid, if the property belongs to a person who has grown, raised, or produced the same, or who holds or has purchased the same for his own or consumption, but the said property shall be paid for according to the fifth section of the act aforesaid, if the property is held for sale or other purposes than those before mentioned.

6. That the property shall remain in the possession of the owner, his bailee or agent, and at his risk, during the pendency of the proceeding for the ascertainment of the compensation, unless is shall be otherwise agreed to, or unless some urgent necessity shall require the possession of the property to be changed. In case of a change of possession the Confederate States shall be regarded as the owner, and the property shall be held for their account and risk.

7. The impressing officer shall, as the date of the impressment, pay to the owner, his agent or attorney in fact, the compensation agreed

