
troubled the Department on the general point of conflicting jurisdiction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

P. S. -In reference to General Pillow's statement at to Mississippi conscripts, the War Department is respectfully reminded that since January 20, ultimo, under special instructions from the Secretary of War, all conscripts from that State have been requested to be sent to General Bragg's army until further orders.

ADDRESS.

TO THE PEOPLE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

In compliance with the request of Congress, contained in resolutions passed on the 4th day of the current month, I invoke your attention to the present condition and future prospect of our country and to the duties which patriotism imposes on us all during this great struggle for our homes and out liberties. These resolutions are in the following language: *

Fully concurring in the views thus expressed by the Congress, I confidently appeal to your love of country for aid in carrying into effect the recommendation of your Senators and Representatives. We have reached the close of the second year oft he war, and may point with just pride to the history of our young Confederacy. Alone, unaided, we have met and overthrown the most formidable combination of naval and military armaments that the lust of conquest ever gathered together for the subjugation of free people. We began this struggle without a single gun afloat, while the resources of out enemy enabled them to gather fleets which, according to their official list published in August last, consisted of 427 vessels, measuring 340,036 tons and carrying 3,268 guns. Yet we have captured, sunk or destroyed a number of these vessels, including two large frigates and one steam sloop of war, while four of their captured steam gunboats are now in our possession, adding to the, d of our little Navy, which is rapidly gaining in numbers and efficiency. To oppose invading forces composed of levies which have already exceeded 1,300,000 men, we had no resources buy the unconquerable valor of a people determined to be free, and we were so destitute of military supplies that tens of thousands were reluctantly refused admission into the service from our inability to provide them with arms, while for many months some of our important strongholds owed their safety chiefly to a careful concealment of the fact that we were without a supply of powder for our cannon. Your devotion and patriotism have triumphed over all these obstacles and called into existence the munitions of war, the clothing, and the subsistence which have enabled our soldiers to illustrate their valor on numerous battle-fields, and to inflict crushing defeats on successive armies, each of which an arrogant foe fondly imagined to be invincible.

The contrast between our past an present condition is well calculated to inspire full confidence in the triumph of our arms. At no

---------------

* See "Joint Resolution relating to the production of provision," p. 468.

---------------

