
are operating. You will thus add greatly to their efficiency and furnish the means which it is impracticable to make those prompt and active moments which have hitherto stricken terror into out enemies and secured our most brilliant triumphs.

Having thus placed before you, my countrymen, the reasons for the call made on you for aid ion supplying the wants of the coming year, I add a few words of appeal in behalf of the brave soldiers now confronting you enemies, and to whom your Government is unable to furnish all the comforts they so richly merit. The supply of meat for the Army is deficient. This deficiency is only temporary, for measures have been adopted which will, it is believed, soon enable us to restore the full ration. But that rations is now reduced at times to one-half the usual quantity in some of our armies, It is known that the supply of meat throughout the country is sufficient for the support of all, but he distance or so great, the condition of the roads has been so bad during the five months of winter weather through which we have just passed, and the attempt of groveling speculators to forestall the market and make money out of the lifeblood of our defenders have so much influenced the withdrawal from sale of the surplus in the hands of the producers, that the Government has been unable to gather full supplies.

The Secretary of Was prepared a plan, * which is appended to this address, by the aid of which, or same similar means to be adopted by yourselves, you can assist the officers of the Government in the purchase of the bacon, the pork, and the beef known to exist in large quantities in different parts of the country.

Even if the surplus be less than is believed, it not a bitter and humiliating reflection that those who remain at home, secure from hardship and protected from danger, should be in the enjoyment of abundance, and that their slaves also should have a full supply of food, while their sons, brothers, husbands, and fathers are stinted in the rations on which their health and efficiency depend?

Entertaining no fear that you will either misconstrue the motives of this address or fail to respond to the call of patriotism, I have placed the facts fully and frankly before you. Let us all unite in the performance of our duty, each in his sphere, and with concerted, persistent, and well-directed effort there seems little reason to doubt that under the blessing of Him to whom we look for guidance and who has been to use shield and our strength, we shall maintain the sovereignty and independence of these Confederate States, and transmit to our posterity the heritage bequeathed us by our fathers.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, April 10, 1863.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INST. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 39. Richmond, April 10, 1963.

I. That in all cases of impressment heretofore made under the authority of any of the persons mentioned in paragraph II of section 11 of General Orders, No. 37, in which the property impressed is either in the possession of the owner or of the impressing officer or his subordinates, and the compensation therefor shall not have been

---------------

* Not found herewith, but see Northrop's circular letter of April 15, 1863, VOL. III, this series, p. 290.

---------------

