
Please address me in future to the care of Alex. Collie &amp; Co., No. 22A Austin Friars, London, and I shall be much indebted for any suggestions that you may from time to time think proper to honor me with. I am sure it is not necessary to reiterate to you my great desire to serve our country to the best of my ability, and that no exertion shall be spared on my part to discharge well all of the interests that they may instruct to me while here.

I remain, very truly,. your most obedient,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

[Inclosure No 2.]

22a Augustin Friars, London, April 11, 1863.

WILLIAM G. CRENSHAW, Esq.,

London:

DEAR SIR: Referring to the conversation I have had with you on the subject of your mission to Europe, I have to say that in compliance with the instructions of the War Department as I may from time to time receive them. As regards the purchase of supplies for the Ordnance and Medical Departments, I shall make the purchases without availing myself of the services of Messers, Crenshaw & Collie excepting in such cases as I may feel satisfied their agency would be advantageous to the Confederate States Government. My reasons for foaming to this determinations I will communicate to you at a future time.

I am, dear sir, in haste, yours, truly,

CALEB HUSE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, APRIL 13, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: A letter of Brigadier-General Pillow, containing a number of enclosures relative to the organization and procedure a bureau of conscription established under his superintendence by your orders, with your indorsement, has been received. The Department, after an examination of all the orders and instructions that have been issued under its instructions, can have on other opinion than that the organization described was not sectioned by them, nor could it adopt is a legitimate without superseding its own arrangements and transferring its own functions to those to whom the law has not confided them. Having concluded as to this, its decision was twice sent to you and the reasons for it explained at much length in a letter directed to General Johnson. The Department has not thorough it worth while to encumber its action by special criticisms upon the orders and procedure of that bureau, nor by communicating the outcry and dissatisfaction that the conduct of some of the officers created. The Department has found by experience that irregular and unauthorized proceedings of military officers are not likely to promote harmony or to prevent discontent or disorder, and that the good of the service requires of it to correct them when they are brought to its notice. This is the whole extent of its action in this instance. The letter of Brigadier-General Pillow to your adjutant-general was referred to the

