
Bureau of Conscription. The superintendent of the Bureau has made a report, a copy of which is inclosed. *

For Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, April 14, 1863.

Lieut. Colonel L. SMITH,

Assistant Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I inclose you seventy-five copies of a circular+ recently issued with the approval of the War Department and designed to restrain competition between quartermasters ion the purchase of army supplies and regulate other matters of importance to the service. You will see that you have been designated as the principal purchasing officer for that district, which embraces the State os Virginia, and you will do all in your power to inaugurate this new system and see that the provisions of the circular are strictly adhered to by all your subordinates. Any violation of the same that may be brought to you attention will be promptly reported to this office. These copies are intended for liberal distribution among the various post quartermasters stationed within your district, all quartermasters in the field being supplied with the same through the chief officer of the command to which they are attached. Before issuing these let certain verbal corrections be made as suggested by the within copy.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

(Same to the following officers, varied only as to the number of circular inclosed: Major W. Peirce, Raleigh, N. C., for North Carolina; Major I. T. Winnomore, Augusta, Ga., for Georgia; Major J. L. Calhoun, Montgomery, Ala., for Alabama; Major H. R. Teasdale, Lake City, Fla., for Florida; Major G. W. Grice, Alexandria, La., for Louisiana; Major S. Hart, San Antonio, Texas; Major J. B. Burton, Little Rock, Ark., for Arkansas and Mississippi; Major James Glover, Knoxville, for Tennessee and Kentucky.)

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1863.

Hon. James A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Since my conversation with you last evening I have concluded that I knew enough of the equipments of the various railroads making up the principal lines of the country to enable me to give you a sufficiently accurate estimate of their necessities in the way of engines and cars, in order that a determination be come to as to what shall be done to increase their efficiency, and, if possible, meet the wants of the country. Commencing at this city and looking south and west, we have a line reaching to Middle Tennessee through Lynchburg and Chattanooga and to Atlanta, Ga., by Dalton.

---------------

* See Rains to Seddon, April 7, p. 473.

+ See March 24, p. 453.

---------------

