
The Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac road connects this city with Fredericksburg, and, I am informed by this president, aught to have two engines and twenty-five cars.

By this estimate 31 engines and 930 cars are wanted. I have no doubt you will think it a very large estimate, but beg to remind you that the limited means of repairing and impossibility from renewal during the past two years I am only surprised that the roads of the country have been able to keep up to the present standard.

I have thus, I believe, given you a correct list of the roads making up the principal lines in the country, and I do not think I have exaggerated their present necessities in the way of equipments to enable them to perform promptly the transportation which the country them to perform promptly the transportation which the country demands, That more [sic] accomplished than has been done I am free to admit, but that anything like the necessities of the country can be met without largely increasing their power is, my judgment, out of the question. Practical results for a considerable time should guide us in our judgment as to what may be excepted in the future; and for the last two years the railroads of the country have been unable to meet promptly the requirements of Government. Can we expect any better result in the future without some change in their condition? I think not, and therefore urge the necessity of prompt action looking to a restoration of the principal roads in the country to the best possible condition.

Should you no consider this estimate sufficiently accurate, I will take early measures to obtain more precise information.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WADLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., April 14, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: In conformity to the request of the General Assembly of this State, I have the honor herewith to transmit to you a copy of resolutions just passed, recommending an increase of pay to the privates and non-commissioned officers I the service of the Confederate States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure.]

Whereas, His Excellency the Governor has brought the question of justice and propriety of increasing the monthly pay of privates and non-commissioned officers of the armies of the Confederate States before the General Assembly; and whereas, the General Assembly concurs in the justice and importance of this recommendation: Therefore,

Resolved (1), That our Senators and Representatives in Congress be and they are hereby, requested to bring the question before the Congress of the Confederate States, and to do all in their power, by this influence and their votes, to procure the parage of an act to raise the monthly pay of privates in the Army it twenty dollars per month, and non-commissioned officers in like proportion, and to procure the assessment of a tax sufficient to meet the increased expenditure, to be levied, as far as practicable, upon the income of speculators and extortioners and upon the wealth of those who are not in the Army.

