
The above roads are given in the same order as in my communication of yesterday in reference to their necessities in the way of engines and cars.

Any charge in the position of our Army would to some extent modify the ability of one or two of the roads; as, for example, the Virginia Central can deliver more tons of freight at Hanover Junction than it would be able to do at the upper end of the lime. I would also remark that this estimate has been made in the absence of any data beyond my general knowledge of the ability of the roads in the country, except the roads terminating in this city, from the officers of which I have obtained the necessary information to enable me to approximate their actual capacity; therefore you must not place implicit reliance on it.

Trusting that this estimate will be satisfactory, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. M. WADLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, April 15, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I did not convince the General Assembly of this in extra session to enact a law or laws to regulate the planting of cotton crops as was suggested by Governor Brown, of Georgia, although requested by respectable citizens in several counties.

The General Assembly of this State had, at its last session, discussed the policy of regulating labor by legislation, and, sustained by the Senate, it was repudiated by a very large majority in the House of Representatives. Even if I could have presumed a change of opinion of the subject (our seasons here being much more favorable for early planting than in Georgia), many of our plantaters had commenced to plant, and the crops generally would have been planted before it was possible to secure legislation to prohibit or limited the right to plant cotton. Moreover, the intelligence and patriotism of the planters of Florida induced them last year to plant cereals to the exclusion of cotton. An immense amount of form was made, and for the want of transportation hundreds of thousands of bushels of corn will be held by our planters when the crop of the present year will be gathered. By correspondence with intelligent citizens in different parts of the State I was informed of the immense quantity as corp on hand, and that, nevertheless, there would not be scarcely as much cotton planted this as there was last year, except in two or three counties in the State from which corn, &amp;c., could not be contently transported, and where the villainous traffic carried on by speculators who have "run the blockade" had excited, by high prices for cotton and the introduction of run and gin (but no arms or munitions of war), a disposition to make cotton, &c., regardless, perhaps, of " of the general welfare. "

The means for transportation are too limited to justify legislation on the subject. The Confederate Government has been appealed to in van to maketions necessary to the defense of the State, as well as to secure supplies from Florida for the armies of the Confederate States.

