
recommend that application be made for authority to exercise such control as may be necessary to harmonize the operations of the roads and to maintain their efficiency, and to appoint a superintendent who shall be charged with the supervision of railroad transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, Fla., August 12, 1862.

TO THE PEOPLE OF FLORIDA:

FELLOW-CITIZENS: The highest number of votes cast at any election in the State was 12,988. In response to requisitions made for troops a sufficient number who were liable to militia duty volunteered to form thirteen regiments to serve during the war and have been mustered into the Confederate service as regiments, battalions, or independent companies.

Nearly all who held commissions as militia officers-generals, colonels, captains, and lieutenants-volunteered as private soldiers. The consequence is there is no militia organization in the State, nor can the militia be reorganized agreeably to the required of the statutes in force.

The inquiry has been made, "Are the few left in the State holding commissions as militia officers, and between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five, subject to be enrolled as conscripts?" I know no good reason why they should not volunteer to aid in filling up the gallant regiments whose ranks have been attenuated upon the battle-field or be placed shoulder to shoulder with such in the State as are subject to be made conscripts. To maintain the Confederate Government in the existing war in support of constitutional liberty, in support of the right of free men to govern themselves for the protection of life, freedom, and property, is a sacred duty which brave and honorable men should cordially and proudly perform. Let no man who claims to be a Floridian hesitate to offer his services as a volunteer until liable to be made a conscript.

By the vicissitudes of war the First Florida Regiment, which was honorably known at Pensacola, was reduced to a battalion, and as the First Florida Battalion distinguished itself in the battle at Shiloh and Farmington. The Second Florida Regiment in the many hard-fought battles near Richmond by soldierly endurance and noble daring immortalized itself.

The battalion and regiment command admiration among the bravest of the brave and reflect honor upon the State. Their invincible valor is appreciated by the brave men who in regiments have since left the State to become their companions in arms and to compete with them in honorable service.

Many of the noble soldiers who formed the battalion and regiment have died upon fields of battle. Gloriously and nobly they fell, vindicating with their hearts' blood rights of free men. The ranks should be filled and their organizations preserved. Who will volunteer to supply the places of the noble dead upon future battle-fields? It is a proud privilege.

Let such as are willing and ready report to St. George Rogers, assistant adjutant-general, now in Tallahassee, and transportation

4 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

