
The reader will understand the allusion to be the approaching election for Governor or Georgia. Upon the above opinion, understood by "P. W. A. ", to "prevail in political circles," he goes on to express his disapprobation in the following language:

If it be true, however, that a party is about to be organized in opposition to the Administration, every real friend of the cause which engages our hearts and hands, and of the Army, must deplore it; and that, too, without reference to the merits or demerits of the Administration., Such a movement can have no other effect but to embarrass the Government and the Army and give most substantial aid to our enemies. The conscription acts are for the present the law of the land and constitute an important part our military system, which cannot be changed without destroying the Army. Nor is there anything in the financial or foreign policy of the Administration to invite organized opposition, unless there is a scheme on foot, which Heaven forbid, to bring in the States of the Northwest as a part of the Confederacy.

The italics are my own, and I have been particular in preserving the language of the Republican's correspondent, because I would not knowingly misrepresent him. I desire the reader to have full confidence in his honesty, not because he is "P. W. A. ", or the popular correspondent of the Republican, but not having been a member of that political party controlled the South at the time of the dissolution of the Union, because how in the honesty of his patriotism, which I do not question, takes upon him the defense of an Administration raised by that party. As he did not belong to that party, and we find him mildly advocating its administration of the Government, and defending it against the imputations of its opponents, there can be no justice in judging the Administration party by him, more especially when we find him using their identical language.

"P. W. A. " argues in defense of the Administras fiends argue and have argued from the beginning. He presents nothing new; nothing that cannot be heard on the streets of every village in the South. They all raise a hue and cry whenever mention is made of an opposing political organization, just as the old Democratic party did against the Know Nothing, &amp;c., as if to frighten away their opponents by the noise and thus secure their well-feathered nests without a contest. It is remarkable what emphasis they lay upon the words "real", "friends of the cause," &c., when they wish to direct public sentiment against their opponents; and attempting to work upon the credulity of the massed, they invariably declare all opposition to their own views unfriendly to the Administration, the Government, the Army, and ruinous to the cause in which hearts and hands are all engaged. I say ademption to work upon the credulity of the masses, because I mean it. What else can it be? Do the friends of the Administration presume to deny that there are numbers of men as patriotic, just, and upright as themselves, differ with them in sentiment? If they do not know it I can assure them that the Confederate States, whose guardians they have constituted themselves, nay, the Army itself, of which they seem so solicitous, is thronged with such men. There are men opposed to the Administration whose purposes are as high as that of the loftiest patriots on the side of the Administration. But the clamor raised by the friends of the Administration, at the mention of a new political organization, in its frantic energy, partakes of fear, and as the Catholic counts his beads to keep off the hobgoblin, so that friends of the Administration being to recount its deeds whenever the goblin appears. One political sin only seems to sit heavily upon their souls, and this, like the "Ghost of Banquo" cannot be exorcised. They have tried in every way to

