
It behooves the South, therefore, not to seem to make use of slavery as a perpetual inheritance springing from a natural right, which cannot but give offense to and embitter against them all civilized nonslaveholding nations, but with humanity, firmness, and dignity wield it as a valuable institution given by an Allwise Providence for the special development of the peculiar locality in which it is found. Constitution, governments, and empires have their rise and fall. Human institutions are all unstable. They flourish with the vigor of their projectors, but fade as these totter to their fall. In the midst of revolution and great trial, embittered by rancor and hate engendered by the discussion on this subject, the Southern people have neither time nor inclination to look into the future; but the time will surely come when slavery will exist, if at all, only nominally even in the cotton States. Every generation hereafter, as heretofore, will rise upon the stage of action imbued with new ideas, new determination, the arbiter of its own destiny. The living may establish wise precedents, but they cannot bind the coming generations. Constitutions, laws, and customs will all be broken through if they stand in the way of future tyrants or are found inadequate to the demands of the advanced starter of society., The great increase in population in the South which will surely follow the restoration of peace will begin the encroachment upon the vast cotton of the Confederacy. The planters finding it profitable to sell their lands, these will be portioned out to proprietors of less wealth and fewer slaves until all the large cotton plantations will gradually disappear. Slaves will also gradually decrease in value by this influx of white population, until in the course of three of four generations they will be of little value except as house susands of the owners will dispose of them to invest the capital they had been accumulating for generations in manufactures and other more profitable employments.

Shall we close our eyes to these thinks because we fondly cherish the instruction of slavery? It would be folly. Our forefathers endeavored to look into the future even in the midst of a devastating revolution, and in the Constitution they gave us the model of our own attests the wisdom with which they laid the foundation of the empire of liberty in America.

Let us follow their example. Let us not shut ourselves up in the narrow compass of slaves and cotton-ourselves staves to the merchants of Manchester, and dependent upon those we affect to desire. Let us make broad our boundaries, and if empire has departed from the old under the new-purified, reinvigorated, and defended by the descendants of the Cavaliers. Let the Northwestern States, then, if they make application, be admitted as members of the Confederacy; and why should they not? Is there anything incompatible in their manners, customs, or instructions? Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, like Kentucky, were settled mostly by Virginia, and the ruling population of these States at this day are descendants of the Old Dominion. They were deceived and misled into this war, as they now acknowledge, by the fanatics of New England, who assured they that the rebellion in the South was only the scheme of a few secessionists to subvert the Government and destroy the Union. From the very beginning they repelled the charge that they were fighting for the freedom of the slaves, and vowed as bitter hostility to abolitionists as the slave-holders. Was their love for the Union a crime? Them what American does not plead guilty? We all loved the Union once. Shall they be punished because their integrity proved greater than

