
ours? It must be remembered that it was our rights the abolitionists violated, not those of the Northwest. If they loved the Union longer than we did it was because they did not have our reasons to fall out with it. They were told and believed that we brought on the war, and they must defend the Government. What patriot could refuse himself having no cause of quarrel with the Government? If they are guilty of a crime against the South for this, all peoples on the face of the earth are guilty of the same crime. The English have had many civil wars, and for centuries carried on war against Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, and yet to-day they are all harmonious under one government. It was more then 100 years that the numerous provinces of France warred against each other before they were finally united under the present empire; and the same may be said of every nation in Europe. What, then, can be object to the Northwest? It is feared that those State being free will plunge the Confederacy again into war on the subject of slavery? I answer that every revolution settles the question upon which it is fought, and the present war will determine for the Northwest, and all the rest of the world, whether or not slavery it to continue unmolested in the Confederate States. If it survives the shock of this war, all the Puritanic fanaticism of Christendom will not be able to shake it again, and the Northwest, even if ever so inclined, will have too much sad experience to reopen a dangerous wound. Their admission into the Confederacy would not only break the backbone of the North, and render that Nation forever important to harm the Confederacy, but our own strength and influence would be doubled, while their geographical position would forever debar the North from further territorial acquisition.

The Northwestern State are the very heart and center of the bacon and grain-bowing region of North America, and the South needs those States to complete her power. The Southern States grow cotton, sugar, and rice, but where are they to obtain flour and bacon? Tennessee and Kentucky produce both these, but these States engage chiefly in raising stock, which the Atlantic and Gulf States can no better dispense with then flour and bacon. Shall we refuse the application those State and import flour and bacon from foreign states, upon which duties must then be paid, or shall we admit them and thus secure their vast resources within our own dominions? With the acquisition of the Northwest the power of the Confederacy to make war at home or abroad would be unlimited, while all the Western Territories now claimed by the old Union would fall into our hands without a struggle. Another consideration entitles this subject to the serious reflection of the Southern people. All are anxious to secure Kentucky to the Confederacy; and yet so untimely is Kentucky connected with the States forming her northern boundary, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, that it is matter of serious debate among her citizens whether she will dissolve her connection with those States even to avail herself of greater benefits to be derived from membership in the Confederacy. It is this alone which has kept her back from co-operation with the South. I do not know what questioned the Confederate Administration and its Congress debate in their numerous 'secret" sessions; but if they are wise they will give serious consideration to these topics and not suffer anything to pass unnoticed that is calculated to promote the welfare of the Nation and add to the glory of its Constitution.

CONFEDERATE.

