
more than one member of any firm of contractors shall exempt, and no contractor on any route of less miles I length and on which the mail is carried house, shall be exempt under this act; and if any one or more members of any such firm exempt, from age or other cause, from the performance of military duty, the other member of such firm shall not be exempt by this act, on account of being mail contractors: And provided further, That no person to whom a contract for carrying the mails may be transferred, with the consent of the Post-Office Department, after the passage of this act, shall be exempt from military service on that account.

SEC. 2. That the drivers of post coaches and hacks for carrying the mails on all routes where the weight of the mails requires that they should be carried in coaches or hacks, shall be exempt from military service in the armies of the Confederate States, from and after the passage of this act, so long as they continue to be employed as such drivers: Provided, The contractor by whom any such driver is employed, shall take and subscribe an oath, to be furnished to the enrolling officer, that the weight of the mailers on his route requires the use of coaches of hacks for their conveyance, and the he shads not a greater number of drivers employed in his service than are indispensable to enable him to fulfill his contract for carrying the mails, and that he will not, while a contractor, employ a greater number of drivers than may be indispensably for that purpose, and that he will give notice to the enrolling officer when any such driven ceases to be in his employment,

Approved April 14, 1863.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 45. Richmond, April 18, 12863.

I. The issue of whisky to troops, except in cases of extraordinary fatigue and exposure, is prohibited. Commanding officers are enjoined to see that this prohibiting is enforced.

II. Paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 32 April 30, 1862, is so modified as to allow only a two-house wagon and team to each regiment in the field, to be appropriate to the transportation of hospital supplies.

By ordered:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, April 20, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Expecting to leave here day after to-morrow for Charleston, S. C., to take charge of the management of the business which has been inaugurated between the Confederate State and Messers. Alexander Collie &amp; Co., of London, and Crenshaw & Co., of this city, by Hon. James M. Mason, commissioner of the Confederate States at London, under your auspices, I have the honor to desire information upon the following points, which is necessary to be obtained for the proper conduct of said business:

First. To whom shall goods belonging to the Confederate State and imported under the above arrangement be delivered?

Third. Whom shall I pay for the one-fourth of each cargo of cotton exported on the account of Messers. Collie & Co. and Crenshaw & Co.?

32 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

