
delivered up at such place as may designated by the commanding general, the rangers shall be paid their full value in such manner as the Secretary of War may prescribe.

2. The terms "arms and mentions of war" will include all small arms and artillery, ammunition, infantry accouterments, and cavalry equipments, and also cavalry and artillery horses. The animals referred to will be appraised by competent officers, under the orders of the commanding general, and will be paid for when delivered up by any quartermaster, who will take receipt from the parties entitled to receive compensation, and afterward account for the property, as in the case of an ordinary purchase. The rest of the property specified will be paid for accordance with paragraph Ii, General Orders, No. 20, current series.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 48. Richmond, April 22, 1863.

The following act of Congress having been duly approved by the President, is published for the information of all concerned:

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That any officer, non-commissioned officer, or private, now in the military service of the Confederate States, who has been elected appointed since entering said service, or who may hereafter be elated or appointed a Senator or Representative in Congress, or in any State Legislature, or judge of the circuit, district or superior courts of law or equity in any State of the Confederacy, district attorney, clerk of any court of record, sheriff, ordinary of any court of probate, collector of State taxes (not to exceed one for each country), or parish recorder, upon furnishing the Secretary of War with evidence of such election or appointment, if an officer, his resignation shall be promptly accepted; and if a non-commissioned officer or private, he shall be honorably discharged by the Secretary of War.

Approved April 2, 1863.

II. The evidence required as to the elections referred to will be sa certificate of the fact from the clerk of the country or parish or other officer whose duty it may be to certify to such elections, under the laws of the State, in manner and form required by said laws. This certificate must accompany the resignation through the usual channel of communication, as prescribed in General Orders, No. 3, and the Army Regulations.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 22, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I herewith have the honor to hand you the paper referred to in our conversation yesterday and read before the railroad conference just adjourned. it exhibits more fully than does the report of that conference the reasons for adopting some of the measures recommended in the report, while it also explains the reasons why I cannot, with every desire to do so, participate in the sanguine expectation expressed in the report, or indeed in any hope that the railways

