
Now, the eagerness of our conscripts to avoid enrollment by enlistment in those independent corps of partisan rangers sadly conflict with the progress of the enrolling officers. The substitutes, particularly, are placed in the rangers. Not believing they will accomplish much good and witnessing the difficulties they throw in the way of enrollment has prompted this communication, and I would suggest that any legal means to check them would be beneficial, particularly should the enrolled conscripts, or their substitutes in particular, be not allowed to go into the partisan rangers. I fear the move may even now be too late.

I am, most respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[Indorsement.]

A list of the companies of partisan rangers will be furnished. It is not numerous and none were authorized who were not recommended by the general commanding. Probably companies have been raised without authority. If so, they will not be recognized, and the officers enrolling conscripts cannot exempt the member of partisan corps not authorized by the Department.

G. W. R.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 49.Richmond, July 14, 1862.

All persons engaged in enrolling conscripts are hereby authorized and required to arrest deserters from the Army and to deliver them to the commandant of the nearest camp of instruction, or to lodge them in the nearest jail, and to return their names, company, and regiment to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

Jailers are requested to detain them, and will be allowed the fees and charges for the detention of prisoners prescribed by the laws of the State in which the jail is situated.

Enrolling officers are also required to report to the Adjutant and Inspector General the names and address of all persons absent from the Army without leave, whether by the expiration of their leaves of absence, furloughs, details, or otherwise; and where this unauthorized absence exceeds the time required to correspond with the War Department the enrolling officer will arrest the person and send him to the nearest camp of instruction, reporting the arrest to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

Commandants of camps of instruction are required to forward deserters and persons absent without leave to their regiments, and have the powers of arrest conferred upon enrolling officers.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR.] ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 14, 1862.

OFFICERS ENROLLING CONSCRIPTS:

Agreeably to General Orders, No. 49, current series, this day published, you are required to arrest all deserters, and, under certain circumstances, all persons absent from the Army without leave.

