
and subsistence will be furnished to enable them to join the First or Second Regiment.

If in the State there should be any belonging to regiments who in obedience to orders have left the State, they should immediately join the respective regiments to which they belong. If they hesitate or fail to do so, if is the duty of all State officers, civil as well as military, and of every patriotic citizen to aid in their arrest, to be sent to their respective regiments.

Fellow-citizens, it is probable as the winter shall approach, if the enemy in defense of our rights, especially in defense of the women and children in the State.

In the several counties throughout the State all capable of bearing arms under the age of eighteen and over the age of thirty-five years, and all between the ages who are represented in the service by substitutes, should immediately form themselves into volunteer companies, not to consist of less than sixty-four, rank and file, in populous counties, and not less than forty-four, rank and file, in counties sparsely settled; elected company officers-to each company a captain, first lieutenant, and two second lieutenants-and send the election returns, certified, to Colonel Hugh Archer, adjutant and inspector general, at this place, whereupon commissions will be issued agreeably to the elections, companies formed into battalions and regiments, and supplied with ammunition. Each man should bring into service his own firearms until the State can supply better arms.

It is possible that the act of Congress will be amended so as to embrace as conscripts men upward of thirty-five years old, in which event, doubtless, all who shall have been enrolled and organized and herein recommended will be retained in the State for local defense, although they may and should be mustered into the Confederate service.

Very respectfully, your fellow-citizen,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Narrows, August 13, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am informed that under the recent proclamation of Governor Letcher the officers enrolling for General Floyd claim all the men in this department between the ages of thirty-five and forty-five. On the passage of the conscript act the quartermasters and commissaries were compelled to employ agents for their department over thirty-five, and the niter caves have also been to a considerable extent worked by the same class. If these men are now enrolled in General Floyd's command the quartermaster's department and the caves will be alike swept of employees. Under these circumstances I have the honor to request that you will issue some order which may arrest the progress of enrollment. Pending your action I have directed that such proceedings be stopped.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

