
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 57. Richmond, August 14, 1862.

I. The transportation by railroad of cavalry and artillery horses, unless orders be given in each case permitting such transportation, is hereby prohibited.

II. Hereafter all soldiers under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age will be discharged at the expiration of the term for which they have engaged to serve.

III. The words "either directly or," first line General Orders, No. 50, will be omitted.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 58. Richmond, August 14, 1862.

I. The following rules in relation to the examination of conscripts are published for the guidance of the enrolling and medical examining officers:

1. At each camp of instruction and at such military stations and other points as may be designated, an experienced army surgeon from a different section of the county will be detailed to examine conscripts.

2. All conscripts capable of bearing arms will be received.

3. Conscripts not equal to all military duty may be valuable in the hospital, quartermaster's, or other staff departments; and if so will be received.

4. Blindness, excessive deafness, and permanent lameness, or great deformity, are obvious reasons for exemptions.

5. Confirmed consumption. large incurable ulcers, and chronic contagious diseases of the skin are causes of exemption.

6. Single reducible hernia, the loss of any or of several fingers will not incapacitate the subject for the performance of military duty.

7. A certificate of disability of a conscript given by a private physician will not be considered unless affidavit is made that the conscript is confined to bed or that his health and life would be endangered by removal to the place of enrollment.

8. But when a conscript is incapacitated by temporary sickness he must present himself so soon as recovered to the enrolling officer or to the nearest school for conscripts.

9. No previous discharge, certificate, or exemption from any source will be acknowledged, except those granted to foreigners not domiciled, and to those persons who have furnished substitutes.

10. Medical officers of the Army are not allowed to examine conscripts and given certificates unless they are regularly detailed for that duty.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

