
vented by all means in the power of the authorities. The civil remedies for this evil are too slow, uncertain, and otherwise inadequate to prevent the evil, but the law under your requisition authorizes the Governor to impress provisions for the Confederate Army; and I am directed further to say that if you will make a requisition for corn upon the Executive he will have every bushel of corn in the distilleries of this State, or purchased for distillation therein, impressed for the use of the Army, and if that does not prevent it he will, under your requisition for copper to make guns, impress the stills.

Respectfully, &amp; c.,

JAMES H. RIVES,

Private Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 49. Richmond, April 23, 1863.

I. The following regulation is made and will hereafter be observed in the Army relative to the clothing of deceased soldiers:

Upon the death of any soldier the surgeon in charge of the hospital at which it occurs will cause an inventory to be made of all his military clothing, and will make a fair appraisement of each article thereof. It will then be turned over to the nearest quartermaster for reissue. The original appraisement shall be forwarded to the Second Auditor to secure its value to the personal representatives of the deceased soldier, and a copy thereof be furnished to the receiving quartermaster, who will issue the clothing at the appraised prices, and not at those set forth in General Orders, No. 100, last series.

II. Engineer officers while employed on reconnaissances, surveys, or other duty, under special orders causing temporary absence from their posts or from the headquarters of the armies, corps, divisions, or brigades with which they may be serving, shall be allowed their personal expenses, to be paid out of the appropriation for engineer service, in lieu of all allowances for fuel, quarters, and forage for the same period. Each account must be certified to by the party receiving the payment, and approved by the officer under whose orders he acts.

III. All supplies of contractors engaged exclusively in iron or munitions of war for the Government are exempted from impressment, either at the establishment or at the place of purchase. Satisfactory evidence by affidavit or otherwise may be required to establish ownership.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, FREDERICKSBURG AND POTOMAC R. R. CO.,

PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., April 23, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Apprehending that the estimate made in the paper which I had the honor to leave with you yesterday may seem an exaggerated one of the quantity of iron rails now urgently needed for the maintenance in use of the railroads of the Confederate States needed for

