
may be; and the provisions of paragraph number twenty-one shall not extend to physicians who keep on hand medicines solely for the purpose of making up their own prescriptions for their own patients. The tax upon lawyers, physicians, surgeons and dentists shall be deemed a tax upon the personal privilege, to be paid by each individual in the business, and without regard to the place at which the same is conducted: Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not apply to physicians and surgeons exclusively engaged in the Confederate service.

XXV. Confectioners shall pay fifty dollars, and two and a half per centrum on the gross amount of sales. Every person who sells, at retail, confectionery, sweetmeats, comfits, of other confects, in any building, shall be regarded as a confectioner under this act.

SEC. 6. And every person registered and taxed upon the gross amount of sales as aforesaid shall be required, on the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to make a list or return to the assessor of the district of the gross amount of such sales as aforesaid, to wit: From the passage of this act to the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, inclusive, and at the end of every three months, or within ten days thereafter, after the said first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, make a list or return to the assessor of the district of the gross amount of such sales made as aforesaid, with the amount of tax which has accrued or should accrue thereon, which list shall have annexed thereto a declaration, under oath or affirmation, in form or manner as may be prescribed by the commissioner of taxes, that the same is true and correct, and shall at the same time as aforesaid pay to the collector the amount of tax thereupon as aforesaid, and in default thereof shall pay a penalty in double the amount of the tax.

SEC. 7. That upon the salaries of all salaried persons serving in any capacity whatever, except upon the salaries of persons in the military or naval service, there shall be levied and collected a tax of one per centrum on the gross amount of such salary, when not exceeding fifteen hundred dollars, and two per centrum upon any excess over that amount, to be levied and collected at the end of each year, in the manner prescribed for other taxes enumerated in this act: Provided, That no taxes shall be imposed by virtue of this act on the salary of any person receiving a salary not exceeding one thousand dollars per annum, or at a like rate for another period of time, longer or shorter.

SEC. 8. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be assessed and ascertained, on the first of January next, or as soon thereafter as practicable, the income and profits derived by each person, joint stock company and corporation, from every occupation, employment or business, whether registered or not, in which they may have been engaged, and from every investment of labor, skill, property or money, and the income and profits derived from any source whatever, except salaries, during the calendar year preceding the said first day of January next, and the said income and profits shall be ascertained, assessed and taxed in the manner hereinafter prescribed:

I. If the income be derived from the rents of houses, lands, tenements, manufacturing or mining establishments, finery, mills, springs of salt or oil, or veins of coal, iron or other minerals, there shall be deducted from the gross amount of the annual rent a sum sufficient for the necessary annual repairs, not exceeding ten per centrum on said rent, except that the rent derived from houses

