
shall be subject to a deduction not exceeding five per centrum for annual repairs.

II. If the income be derived from any manufacturing or mining business, there shall be deducted from the gross value of the products of the year; first, the rent of the establishment and fixtures, if actually rented and not owned by the persons prosecuting the business; second, the cost of the labor actually hired and paid for; third, the actual cost of the raw material purchased and manufactured.

III. If the income be derived from navigating enterprises, there shall be deducted from the gross earnings, including the value of freights on goods shipped by the person running the vessel, the hire of the boat or vessel, if not owned by the person running the same, or if owned by him, a reasonable allowance for the wear and tear of the same, not exceeding ten per cent. per annum, and also the cost of running the boat or vessel.

IV. If the income be derived by the tax-payer from boat or ship building, there shall be deducted from the gross receipts of his occupation, including the value of the ship when finished, if built for himself, the cost of the labor actually hired and paid by himself, and the prime cost of the materials, if purchased by him.

V. If the income be derived by the tax-payer from the sale of merchandise or any other property, real or personal, there shall be deducted from the gross amount of sales the prime cost of the property sold, including the cost of transportation, salaries of clerks actually paid, and the rent of buildings employed in the business, if hired and not owned by himself.

VI. If the income be derived by the tax-payer from any other occupation, profession, employment or business, there shall be deducted from the gross amount of fees, compensation, profits, earnings or commissions, the salaries of clerks actually paid, and the rent of the office or other building used in the business, if hired and not owned by himself, the cost of labor actually paid and not owned by himself, and the cost of material other than machinery purchased for the use of his business, or to be converted into some other form in the course of his business; and in case of mutual insurance companies, the amount of losses paid by them during the year. The income derived from all other sources shall be subject to no deduction whatever, nor shall foreigners be subject to a tax upon any other income than that derived from property owned, or occupations or employments pursued by them within the Confederate States; and in estimating income there shall be included the value of the estimated annual rental of all dwellings, houses, buildings or building lots in cities, towns or villages, occupied by the owners, or owned and not occupied, or hired, and the value of the estimated annual hire of all slaves not engaged on plantations or farms, and not employed in some business or occupations, the profits of which are taxed as income under this act. When the income shall be thus ascertained, all of those which do not exceed five hundred dollars per annum shall be exempt from taxation. On all incomes received during the year over five hundred dollars and not exceeding fifteen hundred dollars, a tax of five per cent. shall be paid; on all incomes over fifteen hundred dollars, and less than three thousand dollars, five per cent. shall be paid on the first fifteen hundred dollars, and ten per cent. on the excess; on all incomes of or over three thousand dollars, and less than five thousand dollars, a tax of ten per cent. shall be paid; on all incomes of or over five thousand dollars, and less than ten thousand dollars, a tax of twelve and a half

