
instructions herein asked for to the Government, I venture to request that I may receive them at an early day.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CRENSHAW.

Memorandum in reference to accompanying letter.

On the first point, I beg leave to say that General Beauregard's assistance should be confined wholly to whatever military protection may be necessary to the steamers. Mr. Seixas has already been designated as the agent of the War Department, and will answer every purpose of an officer or agent of General Beauregard. Having no military rank, his actions will be more independent and will attract less attention.

On the second point, I think it will we well to order cotton to Charleston for that place and Wilmington - say 2,000 bales to each place per month; or let Mr. Seixas have authority to order what he thinks necessary from points designated by the Secretary of the Treasury up to, say, 10,000 bales, when another order may be asked for. As Collie &amp; Co. get a commission for disbursement of the vessels, it pertains to them. The coal used at Charleston must be obtained at points south of North Carolina, as all the coal there will be required at Wilmington. The character of supplies needed by the Government out of those shipped by Collie & Co. may also be intrusted to Mr. Seixas under instructions. It this, of course, understood that Mr. Seixas will have an assistant at Charleston tot represent him in his transactions. It may be partially true that individuals make more money out of such enterprises than the Government does, but I think all experience points to the conclusion that Government manages better for itself than other people do for it. I confess, however, I do not clearly understand the writer's drift here, as his objection appears to be against Government custody of its own goods.

J. GORGAS.

AN ACT to admit free of duty all machinery for the manufacture of cotton, or wool, or necessary for carrying on any of the mechanic arts.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all machinery for the manufacture of cotton, or wool, or necessary for carrying on any of the mechanic arts in the Confederate States of America, be admitted free of duty until the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States.

Approved April 29, 1863.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 51. Richmond, April 29, 1863.

To simplify the manner of effecting discharges and furloughs, the following orders, condensed from those heretofore issued, are published for the government of the Army.

I. When a soldier, present with his regiment or company, shall be unfit for military service in consequence of wounds, disease, or infirmity, his captain shall forward to the commander of the department or

