
VII. All orders heretofore issued relating to furloughs and discharges for the causes aforesaid are hereby revoked.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

AN ACT to allow commutation for clothing to the militia in actual service of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there shall be allowed and paid to the militia of any State, who have been, or may hereafter be, called into the service of the Confederate States, under authority of existing laws, to each private and non-commissioned officer, commutation for clothing for the time of actual service, at the rate of forty-two dollars a year, up to the thirtieth day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and after that date, at the rate of fifty dollars per annum, deducting therefrom the value of any clothing which may have been issued them, or commutation therefor, which may have been allowed them.

SEC. 2. All claims for commutation under authority of this act made by any of the militia who have been heretofore paid, shall be settled by the Second Auditor, with the approval of the Comptroller of the Treasury.

Approved April 30, 1863.

AN ACT relative to certain bonds and Treasury notes issued under the provisions of the act approved sixteenth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the ten-year bonds and two-year Treasury notes issued under the provisions of an act entitled "An act to authorize a loan, and the issue of Treasury notes, and to prescribe the punishment for forging the same, and for forging certificates of stock and bonds, "approved sixteenth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be, and the same are hereby, excepted from the operation of the act entitled "An act to provide for the funding and further issue of Treasury notes," approved twenty-third March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and the said ten-year bonds and two-year Treasury notes shall continue subject to all the provisions of the said act first hereinbefore mentioned, approved sixteenth may, eighteen hundred and sixty-one: Provided, That the said two-year Treasury notes now outstanding shall be funded prior to the first day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

Approved April 30, 1863.

JOINT RESOLUTION to establish a seal for the Confederate States.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America,, That the seal of the Confederate States shall consist of a device representing an equestrian portrait of Washington (after the statue which surmounts his monument in the capitol square, at Richmond), surrounded with a wreath composed of the principal agricultural products of the Confederacy (cotton, tobacco, sugar cane, corn, wheat

34 R R - SERIES IV, VOL II

