
AN ACT to provide for the payment of certain North Carolina troops from the time of their enlistment.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the troops heretofore raised by the State of North Carolina, and afterwards received into the service of the Confederate States by the Confederate States, shall be paid from the date of their enlistment.

Approved May 1, 1863.

AN ACT to make appropriations for the support of the Government of the Confederate States of America for the periods therein mentioned.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the Government, from the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the thirty-first day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-three:

* * * * * * *

War Department. - For compensation of the Secretary of War, Assistant Secretary, chief of Bureau, clerks, messengers, &amp; c., in said Department, one hundred and sixty-eight thousand dollars.

To liquidate the claims to be paid for the river-defense service, ninety thousand dollars.

For incidental and contingent expenses of the War Department, sixty thousand dollars.

For compensation of Commissioner and chief clerk of Indian Affairs and incidental expenses of Bureau, two thousand and sixty-three dollars.

Quartermaster's Department. - For the pay of the Army, one hundred and forty-one millions one hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred and eighty-eight dollars.

For transportation of troops and their baggage, of quartermaster's stores, subsistence, ordnance, and ordnance stores, from place of purchase to troops in the field, purchase of horses, mules, wagons, and harness, purchase of lumber, nails, iron and steel, for erecting store-houses, quarters for troops and other repairs, hire of teamsters, laborers, & c., fifty-six million four hundred and forty-seven thousand four hundred and seventy-five dollars.

For pay for horses of non-commissioned officers and privates killed in battle, under act number forty-eight, section seven, and for which provision is to be made, one hundred thousand dollars.

For pay for property pressed into the service of the Confederate States under appraisement, said property having been either lost or applied to the public service, two hundred thousand dollars.

For the subsistence of prisoners of war, under act number one hundred and eighty-one, section one, and the hire of the necessary prisons, guard-houses, & c., for the safe-keeping of the same, or so much thereof as may be necessary, one million dollars.

For the pay of officers on duty in the offices of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, the Quartermaster-General's Department, Medical, Engineer, Ordnance, and Subsistence Departments, three hundred and eighty-eight thousand and twenty dollars.

Commissary Department. - For the purchase of subsistence stores and commissary property, one hundred and thirty million eleven thousand three hundred and fifty-two dollars.

