
Ordnance Department. - For the ordnance service in all its branches, seventeen million five hundred thousand dollars.

For the purchase of pig and rolled iron, five million dollars.

For the purchase and manufacture of niter, two million dollars.

Engineer Department. - For the engineer service, six million dollars.

Medical Department. - For pay of private physicians employed by contract, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of nurses and cooks, not enlisted or volunteers, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital stewards, seventy-five thousand dollars.

For pay of matrons, assistant matrons, and ward matrons, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of ward-masters, one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.

For pay of hospital laundresses, sixty-five thousand dollars.

For medical and hospital supplies, three million five hundred thousand dollars.

For the establishment and support of military hospitals, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

* * * * * * *

War Department. - For contingent and incidental expenses of the Army until the thirty-first day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, one hundred thousand dollars.

For compensation of additional clerks in the War Department from February first to June the thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, twenty-five thousand dollars.

For contingent and incidental expenses of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, fifteen thousand dollars.

Engineer Department. - For the engineer service, additional appropriation from February first to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two million dollars.

Indian service. - For payment of treaty stipulations made with certain Indian tribes, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and sixty dollars and fifty-seven cents.

For current and contingent expenses of agencies in the Indian service from December first, to eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, seven thousand one hundred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-eight cents.

Medical Department. - For hospital clothing required by act of Congress, approved September twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to better provide for the sick and wounded of the Army in hospitals," six hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.

For two hundred and one thousand and six hundred gallons of alcoholic stimulants, required by the Medical Department for medical and hospital purposes for the Army, for one year, six hundred and four thousand, eight hundred dollars.

For additional amount required for the purchase of medical and hospital supplies from February first to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, one million dollars.

Ordnance Department. - For the ordnance service in all its branches, for the period ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five million dollars.

For salaries of officers, printing, stationery and contingent expenses to be incurred in collecting taxes, four million dollars.

