
Amount required to refund the State of Louisiana the amount overpaid by her on the war-tax act of August nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, five thousand eight hundred and twenty-five dollars and sixty-one cents.

Advertising and other expenses incident to the funding of Treasury notes, fifty thousand dollars.

Amount required to build fire-proof vaults, and to fit up the city post-office rooms for the use of the Treasury, five thousand dollars.

Amount required for alterations, rent, damages, lights, &amp; c., for a building for a post-office for the city of Richmond, fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-six cents.

Approved May 1, 1863.

AN ACT to abolish all ports of delivery in the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all laws or parts of laws establishing any port or ports of delivery in the Confederate States be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and that all ports of delivery heretofore established be, and the same are hereby, abolished, except such ports of delivery as are also ports of entry.

Approved May 1, 1863.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to better provide for the sick and wounded of the Army in hospitals," approved September 27, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the commutation value of rations of sick and disabled soldiers of the Army shall, from and after the passage of this act, be fixed at one dollar and twenty-five cents each, instead of one dollar, as provided in the first section of the above-recited act, and that the provisions of this act and the above-recited act, approved September twenty-seventh, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, shall be so construed as to apply to all sick and disabled soldiers of the Army, whether in hospitals or other places used in camp or in the field as hospitals, and that it shall be the duty of the Surgeon-General, under the direction of the Secretary of War, to prescribe such rules and regulations in his department as will secure to all sick and disabled soldiers the benefit of the provisions of this and the act to which this is an amendment: Provided, That twenty-five cents for each ration so commuted shall not be drawn or appropriated until the Secretary of War shall deem the same necessary to purchase suitable supplies for the use of the sick and disabled of the Army.

SEC. 2. That the pay to be hereafter allowed to all laundresses in hospitals or other places, in the service of the Confederate States, shall be twenty-five dollars per month, with rations and quarters, instead of the pay now allowed by law.

SEC. 3. That in addition to the hospitals now established, it shall be the duty of the Surgeon-General to establish, at convenient and suitable points of location on the different railroad routes, such other hospitals as may be necessary to furnish quarters and rations to sick and disabled soldiers who may be permitted to return home on furlough, or after an honorable discharge from the military service, and

