
the hospitals so established shall be known and designated as way hospitals, and shall be furnished with suitable bedding and provisions, and in every respect be under the same rules and regulations of other hospitals.

Approved May 1, 1863.

AN ACT to authorize the President to appoint officers in the Niter Bureau and in the engineer troops during the recess of the Senate.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint officers in the Niter Bureau and in the engineer troops during the recess of the Senate, to be confirmed by the Senate at its next session, and the commissions of the officers so appointed shall expire at the end of the next session of the Senate, unless the same be confirmed.

Approved May 1, 1863.

AN ACT to establish the flag of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the flag of the Confederate States shall be as follows: The field to be white, the length double the width of the flag, with the union (now used as the battle-flat) to be a square of two-thirds the width of the flag, having the ground red; thereon a broad saltier of blue, bordered with white, and emblazoned with white mullets or five-pointed stars, corresponding in number to that of the Confederate States.

Approved May 1, 1863.

[MAY 1, 1863. - For joint resolutions of the Confederate Congress, on the subject of retaliation, see Series II, VOL. V, p. 940.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 53. Richmond, May 1, 1863.

The following act of Congress, approved by the President, is published for the information and direction of all concerned, in connection with the act relating to impressments, heretofore announced in General Orders, No. 37, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, April 6, 1863, and as supplementary to said act:

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate impressments by officers of the Army. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in all cases of appraisement provided for in said act, the officer impressing the property shall, if he believe the appraisement to be fair and just, indorse upon it his approval; if not, he shall indorse upon it his reasons for refusing, and deliver the same, with a receipt for the property impressed, to the owner, his agent or attorney, and as soon as practicable forward a copy of the receipt and appraisement and his indorsement thereon, to the Board of Appraisers appointed by the President and the Governor of the State, who shall revise the same and make final valuation, so as to give just compensation for the property taken, which valuation shall be paid by the proper department, for use of which the property was taken, on the certificate of the appraisers, as provided in the act of which this is amendatory.

Approved April 27, 1863.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

