
If not, I am sure on receipt of this you will at least give me some assurance that means will be placed in my hands as soon as the Government can command them here. In the meantime, while awaiting your favors, and with the promise of the hearty co-operation of the Hon. James M. Mason and Captain Bulloch, I shall do all that I can for a successful carrying out of the contract. I will send you by the Hebe invoice of the cost of the Venus and her disbursements here. The Hebe, as well as the Venus, has been paid for in full, and $ 12,000 on the three steamers that are being built. On these latter, under the contract, we have to pay three-fourths during the building, the other fourth on delivery. You will not lose sight of the fact that Major Huse has undertaken to draw on me a draft for $ 22,500 against the money placed in my hands by Mr. Mason, although Mr. Mason already told him that he had taken the responsibility of paying me the $ 55,000, and for that responsibility he was accountable to our Government, and that the amount should not be returned. Messers. Alexander Collie &amp; Co. are sending out by the Venus a Mr. Watson to take special charge of the business at Nassau, and it is at my suggestion that the goes on to the Confederate States before taking up his abode at the islands, in order to make arrangements for pilots and ascertain whether he can rely on a supply of coal for our steamers at the Confederate ports. If you can give him such assurance it will enable each steamer to carry in 75 to 100 tons more freight. There are some reports of yellow fever at Nassau, and it may be that this steamer will not go there and we will have to return to Bermuda. To meet such a contingency I shall at once send cargoes of meat, & c., to meet her there, as also at Nassau.

With the promise of writing you again in a few days by the Hebe, and anxiously awaiting your favors,

I remain, your most obedient,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

PARIS, March 20, 1863.

WILLIAM G. CRENSHAW, Esq.:

(Care of Hon. James M. Mason, C. S. Commissioner, London.)

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have received a letter from the War Department containing an extract from a letter of Mr. Secretary Seddon to you, dated February 8. From what I can gather from this extract it will be desirable for us to confer with each other, and I regret that we have not met before. I regret still more that it is necessary for me to leave Paris for Vienna this evening. Immediately on my return I will communicate with you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB HUSE,

Major, C. S. Artillery.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

22A AUSTIN FRIARS, LONDON, April 13, 1863.

Major C. HUSE:

SIR: I am sure from what I know of the condition of supplies in the Confederate States that there are many articles of which our Government is in much need, and I therefore regret exceedingly to learn from your note of 11th instant that you had no orders that you are

