
A letter from the Ordnance Bureau, dated March 8, contains the following:

As soon as you are in funds two more swift steamers may be added to this fleet. Now that we have a fair prospect of supplying ourselves, I feel disposed to take all the risks and trouble upon ourselves.

It is evident, therefore, that the design of the Department is that instead of disposing of or rendering useless the fleet already engaged in the blockade work it shall be increased. I shall, therefore, continue to purchase and forward, as I have done heretofore, supplies for the Ordnance and Medical Departments. I have not received any lists of articles required by other bureaus. In the event of any such coming to hand, in compliance with the directions of the Secretary of War to forward them to you, I shall at the same time send a copy to the officers of those departments that may be in London at the time, and shall act in accordance with the wishes of those officers in regard to laying out such sums of money as may be placed at their disposition.

I am, dear sir, very truly, yours,

CALEB HUSE.

[Inclosure No. 7.]

71 JERMYN STREET, LONDON, April 16, 1863.

WILLIAM G. CRENSHAW, Esq.,

22A Austin Friars:

DEAR SIR: I hasten to inform you that since my interview with you this morning I have seen the agents of Messers. Erlanger, and from them learned that there will be actually no money available for any purposes whatever from the loan for some time to come. I do not think you should calculate upon receiving any money from me before June, and I cannot say that even then there will be any available for the Subsistence Department. The agents inform me that already the Government has received more money than the contract with the Government calls for.

I am, dear sir, very truly, yours,

CALEB HUSE.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

LONDON, April 23, 1863.

Major C. HUSE:

(Care Messers. Isaac, Campbell &amp; Co., No. 78 Jermyn street.)

SIR: I have just received a telegram from Mr. C. H. Bosher, who went over to Liverpool with the hope of finding you there, that you had left, and requesting me to inquire when he might expect payment of Colonel Gorgas' draft in his favor for $ 22,500, as he would need the money in a few days and would send the draft over to me for collection. Please inform me as to the reply I shall make him.

Your most obedient,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

[Inclosure No. 9.]

25 GRANDE RUE AUTEUIL, PARIS, April 25, 1863.

WILLIAM G. CRENSHAW, Esq.,

22A Austin Friars, London:

SIR: I am this morning in receipt of your communication of the 23d instant, informing me of Mr. Bosher having placed Colonel

