
are of very little value, costing only a few cents per pound, every steamer that carries them in and brings back a cargo of cotton, which is worth here 40 to 50 cents per pound, would leave here a large fund with which to build other Alabama and Floridas.

You will, I hope, pardon the length of this letter and see the necessity of my knowing fully your wishes. If I am to remain here it will probably continue until the wthat event I want my family here, and have arranged for them to join me here. It will be quite agreeable, however, to me to return, and indeed such is my preference, so far as my own pleasure and comfort are concerned. I desire you to consider this question only with reference to the interests of our Government, and with whatever you may conclude I shall be perfectly contented.

I remain, my dear sir, yours, very truly,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

P. S. - Since writing the above I have received a letter from Captain Bulloch, and beg to inclose you a copy. * Although three days ago prejudiced against the scheme by Huse, he speaks out openly and plainly now as to his views, and says in writing exactly what he says verbally. This Major Huse never does, and his excuse, when I called his attention to this fact, was that in his verbal conferences they were always more unreserved, and that in his writing he only said what he thought was necessary. The contrast to me is very refreshing.

W. G. C.

[MAY 5, 1863. - For Seddon to Vance, in relation to desertion among the North Carolina troops, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 702.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 7, 1863.

Brigadier Gen. W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp; c., Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: The pressure of engagements, consequent upon the late movements of the enemy around this city, has prevented me from earlier replying to your letter relative to running the blockade at Wilmington. The law of Congress expressly allows the exportation as well of cotton and naval stores as of other things, and it seems to have been the policy of our legislation to encourage rather than impede the running of the blockade. More serious doubt might have been entertained as to this policy originally, when the stock of goods in the Confederacy was unexhausted, and exclusive possession of the cotton and naval stores by the Government might have been a powerful lever in operating on foreign nations; but now there is such destitution among our people of almost all articles of foreign manufacture that it seems almost a matter of necessity that exchange should be allowed by the exportation of our valuable productions. It is my own conviction that such is our true policy, and that all those who introduce articles really useful to the Confederacy are promoting the public weal. I appreciate strongly the temptations presented by the trade to dealing with the enemy and the importation of Yankee manufactures, and I

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

