
without the certificate of last payment, as required in said Orders No. 28; but the quartermaster making such payment will furnish certificates as heretofore required of him.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MOBILE, May 10, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Our country is now in the deepest distress, and if ever unity of sentiment and harmony of feeling was needed it is now. If ever it was desirable to denude the North and weaken their action and counsels it is now. Yet there is an agency at work in Richmond, purely Southern in feeling and sentiment, which is creating not only distrust among ourselves, but is uniting the North and intensifying the war feeling against the South. I allude to the course of the Enquirer. I am satisfied that it does not represent the views and sentiments of Mr. Davis; yet it is looked upon throughout the South as his organ, and at the North (if I can rely on rumor) is considered as speaking ex cathedra on all political subjects connected with the war. This is not the gloomy feelings of a worn-out man, but the considerate judgment of one not a bad judge of public sentiment. The great objection to the war at the North is that it cannot restore the Union, but they hold that peace will. Why not permit them quietly to indulge that belief until their armies are disbanded? The course of the Enquirer is to unite the feeling of all parties in a war of destruction. The views, too, put forth by the Enquirer would seem to indicate that all power over life and liberty should be intrusted to the President. Now, I know nothing is more foreign from his views, yet the Enquirer is fastening it on the public mind that such are the views of the President and his Cabinet. Hence doubts, mistrusts, and the want of that full confidence that did once and ought now to exist among us in the Executive. I assure you that some step ought to be taken to disabuse the public mind at home as well as at the North. Men who once had confidence in my opinion say in reply to my declaration that the Enquirer does not speak the sentiments of the President. Does it not publish the laws, receive the public patronage, and has it ever been publicly denied that it is not the Government organ? There is no reasoning with them in the absence of some distinct disavowal of the sentiments put forth by that paper. I do not know than a letter from me would reach the eye of the President in his present condition. I therefore write you and beg of you to bring this matter before him. Good will come of it; evil cannot.

Yours, very truly,

E. S. DARGAN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Richmond, May 11, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to the proposal of Colonel Gorgas submitted by you to furnish 5,000 bales of cotton at Charleston or Wilmington, I would respectfully state that it would take nearly one-third of all the cotton I have in South Carolina and Georgia. As these deposits will be

