
RICHMOND, May 14, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that in future no subsistence for a soldier in service will be received unless the substitution first have the approval of the general commanding the army or department to which the soldier belongs.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same sent to Generals Joseph E. Johnston, G. T. Beauregard, B. Bragg, E. K. Smith, D. H. Hill, and S. G. French.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., May 14, 1863.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

AN ACT to repeal certain clauses of an act entitled an act to exempt certain persons from military service, etc., approved 11th October, 1862.

1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That so much of the act approved October 11th, 1862, as exempts from military service "one person, either as agent, owner or overseer, on each plantation on which one white person is required to be kept by the laws or ordinances of any State, and on which there is no white male adult not liable to military service, and in States having no such law, one person, as agent, owner or overseer, on each plantation of twenty negroes, and on which there is no white male adult not liable to military service," and also the following clause of said act, to wit, "and, further-more, for additional police for every twenty negroes, on two or more plantations within five miles of each other, and each having less than twenty negroes, and on which there is no white male adult not liable to military duty, one person, being the oldest of the owners or oversees on such plantation," be and are hereby repealed.

2. For the police and management os slaves there shall be exempted one person on each farm or plantation, the sole property of a minor, a person of unsound mind, a female sole, or a person absent from home in the military or naval service of the Confederacy, on which there are twenty or more slaves: Provided, The person so exempted was employed and acting as an overseer previous to the 16th April, 1862, and there is no white male adult on said farm or plantation who is not liable to military duty; which fact shall be verified by the affidavits of said person and two respectable citizens, and shall be filed with the enrolling officer: And provided, The owner of such farm or plantation, his agent or legal representative, shall make affidavit and deliver the same to the enrolling officer, that after diligent effort no overseer can be procured for such farm or plantation not liable to military duty: Provided further, That this clause shall not extend to any farm or plantation on which the negroes have been paced by division from any other farm or plantation since the 11th day of October, 1862: Provided further, That for every person exempted as aforesaid, and during the period of such exemption, there shall be paid annually into the public Treasury by the owners of such slaves the sum of $500.

3. Such other persons shall be exempted as the President shall be satisfied ought to be exempted, in districts of country deprived of white or slaves labor indispensable to the production of grain or provisions necessary for the support of the population remaining at home, and also on account of justice, equity, and necessity.

4. In addition to the State officers exempted by th 11, 1862, there shall also be exempted all State officers whom the Governor of any State may claim to have exempted for the due administration of the government and laws thereof; but this exemption shall no continue in any State after the adjournment of the next regular session of its Legislature, unless such Legislature shall,

