
Anxiously awaiting your favors and begging your attention to a necessity of providing coal for these steamers,

I remain, your most obedient,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 62. Richmond, May 16, 1863.

I. In accordance with an act to amend and act entitled an act to better provide for the sick and wounded of the Army in hospitals, approved May 1, 1863, the following modifications in General Orders, No. 95, last series, from this office, are published:

The computed value of rations for sick an disabled soldiers on hospitals (field or general) will, until further orders, be $1,25.

II. Hospital laundresses will be paid $25 per month and allowed rations and quarters.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, May 16, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully submit for your information and consideration the accompanying letter from Major J. B. Ferguson, quartermaster, dated London, April 18, 1863. In the communication which I had the honor to address to you on the 22d ultimo I referred to the mercantile experience and ability of this officer as qualifying him particularly for the duty of purchasing supplies for the Quartermaster's Department and enabling him to secure much more favorable terms than could be obtained by Major Huse; and I submitted that the public interests would be most decidedly promoted if the funds appropriated for the purchase of quartermaster's supplies in Europe were placed directly in the hands of Major Ferguson. The letter from that officer, herewith inclosed, confirms very distinctly the correctness of the views I then expressed, and shows that the operations of an inexperienced purchasing agent, as Major Huse must be so far as this class of purchases is concerned, will entail unnecessary pecuniary loss upon the department. I beg, therefore, to ask your recurrence to my former communication, and to repeat the request therein made, that Major Ferguson may be directly supplied with funds and be empowered to act in the scope of his particular duties abroad, independently of Major Huse, who, it may be proper to add, was never constituted by this department its agent abroad or authorized to purchase supplies, although, of course, they proved both valuable and useful to the service at a time when the resources of the Quartermaster's Department were limited. In view of the fact that Major Huse is unfitted by education and previous pursuits in this service, and referring particularly to the statement made by Major Ferguson that he has borne relations to a mercantile house, from which large purchases were made by him, in my judgment, inconsistent with the obligations resting upon an officer representing the pecuniary inteernment in a foregoing country, I deem it a duty to express my

