
unwillingness that Major Huse should continue to be an agent of this department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 18, 1863.

Referred to Colonel Gorgas for special consideration.

This matter seems of serious nature. The taking of a commission is altogether inconsistent with the purpose and duty of a trusted agent of the Department. The matter should be fully investigated.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 1, 1863.

The inclosed letter* of Colonel Gorgas has been noted, and the papers are respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement.]

JUNE 3, 1863.

The Quartermaster's indorsement is in very good spirit. I hope it will prove that Major Huse and Major Ferguson have only been each so zealous in his own branch of business as to cause some little collision between them, which a better acquaintance will mutually remove.

An order has been made to have Major Huse's accounts settled and verified by vouchers, &amp;c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

LONDON, April 18, 1863.

Colonel A. S. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: In my letter to you of the 11th of April I stated that there were other reasons than those mentioned in my letter of the 8th of December for my declining to turn over the money I had in hand to major Huse. I will now proceed to give them:

In the first interview I had with Major Huse he informed me that his indebtedness to Messers. S. Isaac, Campbell & Co. was, in round numbers, 500,000 pounds, and that over 100,000 pounds had been used for the Quartermaster's Department, and requested me to pay over to him the funds I had remaining in hand. I told him I would consider the matter. The subject was dropped for the time being, and the following conversation ensued: Major Huse informed me that it had been stated he was interested in the house of S. Isaac, Campbell & Co., but such was a slander. He said it was true that upon some of his purchases he had received a commission, but he intended to use a part of the money to pay his traveling expenses, and the balance, amounting to 1,00 pounds, to purchase a military library, which he intended to present to the Ordnance Department. I expressed the opinion

---------------

* See Gorgas to Seddon, p. 564.

---------------

