
anything which your knowledge may lead you to think of, might be added. Medicines are needed, and tea and coffee would doubtless acceptable. Terms are left entirely to your discretion, and large inducements may be offered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

P. S. - A copy of this letter will furnished to General J. B. Magruger, commanding Department of Texas, whose energetic co-operation in carrying out the scheme may be confidently relied on. The parties charged with it should be accredited to him.

J. G.

GENERAL ORDER, [ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,] No. 67. Richmond, May 25, 1863.

I. Officers in ordnance duty, when temporarily absent from their posts or positions in the field, under special orders, shall be allowed their personal expenses, to be paid out of the appropriation for ordnance service, in lieu of all allowances for fuel, quarters, and forage for the same period. Each account must be certified to by the party receiving the payment and approved by the officer under whose orders he acts.

II. Whenever a cavalrymen fails and refuses to keep himself provided with a serviceable horse, he may, upon the order of the corps commander, be transferred to any company of infantry or artillery of the same army that he may select. In lieu of such soldiers, others belonging to the infantry or artillery, who are able to furnish horses, and prefer tat service, may, in like manner, be transferred in equal number to the cavalry.

III. Surgeons will turn over money or other effects of deceased soldiers (except clothing, which will be disposed of as directed by General Orders, No. 49, 1863) to the quartermaster of the regiment to which the soldier belonged, if he died in the field, or to the quartermaster of the pst, of he died in hospital, taking thereof receipts in duplicate - one of which will be forwarded by him to the commanding officer of the company of which the soldier was a member, to be sent by him to the family of the deceased, and the other to the Second Auditor of the Treasury. Quartermaster will take up upon their quarterly returns money thus paid, specifying the amount left by each deceased soldier, his name, company, and regiment.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 124. Richmond, May 25, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XI. * * * Brigadier Gen. C. W. Field is assigned to duty as superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription in this city.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

