
[MAY 25, 1863. - For Vance to Seddon, in relation to desertion among North Carolina troops, see Series I. VOL. LI, Part II, p. 715.]

STATE OF GEORGIA, ADJT. AND INSP. GEN. 'S OFFICE,

Milledgeville, May 26, 1863.

Lieut. Colonel CHARLES J. HARRIS, C. S. Provisional in Georgia, Macon:

COLONEL: I am directed by the Governor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant, inclosing a copy of a letter to you from the Bureau of Conscription at Richmond in relation to exemptions from conscription under the act of Congress of May 1 last.

In reply His Excellency desires me to say that he claims generally for the due administration of the government and laws of Georgia all of her officers, civil and military, appointed under he laws. In making this claim thus broadly His Excellency advances it in no spirit of opposition and the desire to impede you in the execution of your duties, but as the best method of avoiding unnecessary discussions and of securing without acrimony the just rights of the State and of the Confederate Government.

With this understanding the Governor will be prepared at all times to receive and examine dispassionately any claims you may urge upon him for this or that individual.

In conclusion His Excellency desires me to express to you his gratification officially and personally on being babble to address you as the superintended of conscription in Georgia and to say that it will give him pleasure to extend to you any facilities in your business and official residence in Georgia not inconsistent with the position occupied by him with regard to conscription and which is well known to you.

To the Governor's tender of services and congratulations I also mine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR.] CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, May 27, 1863.

In addition to the selected indigenous remedies of the supply table now furnished on requisition medical officers will have gathered by the attendants and convalescents and will employ in the treatment of the sick all other useful remedies which may be found growing in the vicinity of the hospitals under their charge, Attention is called to the reputed efficacy of an infusion of the common elder (Sambucus Canadensis) as a means of expelling the maggot investing wounds. The infusion after cooling is locally applied by means of cloth or lint. It has long been in common use and favorably considered as disposing wounds to heal kindly. The abundance in which this shrub is found will admit of its being gathered fresh for use whenever it may be required.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

