
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 69. Richmond, May 28, 1863.

I. In places where the are three or more hospitals, three surgeons in charge of hospitals, or divisions in hospitals, shall constitute a board of examiners for the hospitals to which they belong, whose duty it shall be, twice in each week, to visit said hospitals and examine applications for furloughs; and in all cases where they shall find an application unfit for military duty, either from disease or wounds, and likely so to remain for thirty days or upward, they shall, provided his life or convalescence will not it their opinion be endangered thereby, grant a furlough for such time, not to exceed sixty days, as they shall deem he will be unfit for duty.

II. There will be detailed for each board herein constituted, from one of the hospitals visited by them, a competent clerk, who will issue furloughs, to be signed by the senior member of the Board, which will specify therein the length of furlough, the place of residence of the soldiers, his company, regiment, and brigade; and no further formality shall be required of the soldier, and no passport other than his furlough.

III. In every case furloughed under the provisions of this order a medical certificate stating the name, company, regiment, and brigade of the soldiers, his place of residence, and the length of furlough, with the full particulars of the disease, wound, or disability, and the period during which he has suffered from its effects, with in opinion of the time which will elapse before he can resume duty, must be furnished by the Board of Examiners to the Surgeon-General; and if such furlough has been improperly granted, the derelict officer will be held responsible before a military tribunal.

IV. The Board aforementioned will also examine applicants for discharge from the service, in hospitals visited by them, and may recommend a discharge when a soldier is deemed permanently unfit for service in the field or in any department of the Army in consequence of wounds, disease, or infirmity; in which case certificates of disability, signed by the senior member of the Board, and approved by the general commanding the army or department to which the soldier belongs, or by the Surgeon-General, will entitle him to a discharge, to be granted by the commandant of the post, who will complete and forward the "certificates of disability" to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. The surgeon in charge of the hospital will make out "final settlements. " The soldier will receive transportation to the place of his enlistment or residence.

V. In places where there are but two hospitals, two surgeons in charge of a hospital or division shall constitute a board for the purposes aforesaid; and in places where there is but one hospital the surgeon in charge and two assistant surgeons, if there be two, and if not, then one, shall constitute a board for the purpose aforesaid, and may furlough and recommend discharges as herein prescribed.

VI. Where a soldier has been discharged under the provisions of this order and his descriptive list and final statements cannot be procured, he will be mustered by the surgeon in charge on the hospital rolls for payment, upon his affidavit, taken before one or more witnesses, that he has not received pay for the period for which he claims it to be due, and that he is not indebted to the Confederate States beyond the amount stated by him.

VII. Notices of all furloughs issued under these orders will be forwarded weekly by the Board of Examiners, and notices of all discharges

