
from service by commandants of posts to the immediate commander of the company to which the soldier belongs, and to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

VIII. The house surgeon in all hospitals shall see each patient under his charge once every day.

IX. Paragraphs III, IV, and V, General Orders, No. 51, current series, from this office, pertaining to matters herein regulated, are rescinded.

X. Board of examiners and post commandants have no power to grant an officer leave of absence. They can only recommend it, upon the usual surgeon's certificate, for the consideration of the commanding officer of the army or departmenfficer belongs.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 70. Richmond, May 29, 1863.

I. The following act of Congress, and regulations adopted by the Department in pursuance thereof, are published for the information of all concerned:

An ACT to abolish supernumerary officers in the Commissary and Quartermaster's Department.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the office of regimental devolved by law upon said commissary shall be performed by the regimental quartermaster: Provided, That said quartermaster shall, if required by the Secretary of War, execute a new bond, with such additional penalty as he may require.

SEC. 2. That the commanding officer of a regiment or battalion shall, when the good of the service, in his opinion, requires it, detail a non-commissioned officer or private to perform the duties now performed by commissary-sergeants; and the non-commissioned officer or private so detailed shall receive as extra pay twenty dollars per month.

SEC. 3. That the regimental quartermasters acting as commissaries shall draw supplies for their respective regiments on Provisions Returns, Form 14, and not in bulk; and when detached from their brigades, so that it is impracticable to draw supplies from the brigade commissary, it shall be the duty of the nearest brigade or post commissary to supply his regiment on provision return 14.

SEC. 4. Sales to officers shall be made by the brigade commissaries to which such officers are attached.

SEC. 5. That quartermasters and commissaries, assistant quartermasters and assistant commissaries, who become permanently detached from divisions, brigades, or regiments, to which they are originally appointed and assigned, respectively, whether by resignation or otherwise, shall cease to be officers of the Army, and their names shall be dropped from the rolls of the Army, unless reassigned by a special order of the Secretary of War.

SEC. 6. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to issue the necessary orders for the earliest practicable enforcement of the provisions of this law, and that he shall communicate to the chiefs of the Subsistence and Quartermaster's Bureaus the names of the commissaries and assistant commissaries, quartermasters and assistant quartermasters retained and dropped from the rolls under this act.

SEC. 7. That all laws and parts of laws contravening the provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

Approved May 1, 1863.

II. Regulations.

1. After this date no appointment will be made of regimental or battalion commissaries in the Provisional Army. Department

