
commanders will direct the transfer, by regimental commissaries, of all money, effects, and property in their hands to the proper regimental quartermasters, who will thereafter discharge the duties of the former in accordance with the provisions of this act. Until such transfer is perfected, regimental commissaries will continue in the performance of their usual duties; but after the 31st day of July next all quartermasters and commissaries, assistant quartermasters and assistant commissaries, who have not been or may not be, prior to July 31, specially detailed or assigned to duty will cease to be officers in the Confederate service.

2. Sales to officers will, after the 31st of July next, be made by the brigade commissary, as required in the fourth section of the act, and to enable him to do so the brigade commander will select and report to the War Department, through the usual channel, the best qualified regimental commissary of his brigade, for assignment to duty with the brigade commissary. It shall be the special duty of the commissary thus assigned to receive supplies in bulk and to make the usually required sales to officers of the Army. He will be under the immediate direction of the brigade commissary, will receipt to him for all property received, anim the proper reports and returns of his transactions.

3. In cavalry regiments, a lieutenant of cavalry or other competent officer may be detailed, when necessary, to aid the regimental quartermaster in the discharge of such additional duties as may be devolved upon him under the operation of this law.

4. Additional bonds will not be required of regimental quartermasters charged with commissary duties, except where directed by the Secretary of War.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 71. Richmond, May 30, 1863.

The following act of Congress having been approved by the President is announced for the information and guidance of all concerned:

An ACT allowing hospital accommodations to sick and wounded officers.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That sick or wounded officers shall be allowed hospital accommodations in any of the hospitals of the Confederate States at once dollar per diem.

SEC. 2. And be if further enacted, When said officer shall be without money, he shall nevertheless be entitled to the same. The surgeon in charge, at the expiration of every thirty days, shall the account, and be entitled to draw the amount at any place where the officer might have drawn it, which shall be deducted from said officer's pay in the same way as if he himself had drawn it, and any officer drawing the same again shall be punished as in the sauce of fraudulent drawers.

Approved April 29, 1863.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

