
IV. At all the posts not supplied before that 1st of July with provost-marshals belonging to the Army, in accordance with this order, the office will be considered as abolished.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, June 4, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Immediately after the battles of the 12th and 13th of December, 1862, at Fredericksburg, with the intention of accumulating all the stores possible at Richmond, orders were given for meats from Atlanta, Ga., where a reserve had been collected. Ever since persistent efforts have been made to have these orders carried out and daily specific shipments required. During the month of April especially but little at long intervals was received, and Major Cummings, commissary of subsistence, in charge at Atlanta, was called on for reasons of failure. He alleges that he was peremptorily ordered by General Johnston to stop everything else until he had supplied his army. He also furnishes a memorandum of the shipments made to that army in the month of April, as follows: 1,010,910 pounds of bacon, 102,055 pounds cured beef, besides 923 head of beeves. This occurred while it was a critical question if General Lee's army could get provisions to hold its position.

By telegraphed Colonel Cole states that it is of first importance that 1,000,000 of pounds of meat should be collected in Richmond for that army; this, of course, irrespective of the great local and surrounding demand. You are aware that this necessity has long been anticipating and meeting it steadily aimed at since the 15th of December, but no proceedings which this Bureau can institute have been equal to realizing such collections ahead.

I think proper to ask your consideration of other points in connection with an abstract of stores on hand, herewith presented. * The plan of bringing cattle from Texas to put on grass here has been effectually prevented.

The dream about the oceans of cattle in East Florida has no foundation. If they can meet the demands of the troops in Georgia and South Carolina, so as to save the bacon in those States and furnish from Georgia some surplus hither, all will be realized which should be reasonably excepted.

importations from abroad were looked for by the 1st of May. A few mout In consequence of the insufficient quantity and inferior quality of salt among the inhabitants, much of their meat is spoiling. The high prices fixed by the country committees, and the fear that the commissioners of appraisement might not reach prices high enough to satisfy avarice, has doubtless stimulated every one who could spare any meat to bring it out, and the fear of its being fly-blown and spoiled in their hands has strengthened the patriotic desire of feeding the soldiers.

---------------

* Omitted in view of the recapitulation following.

---------------

