
I am of the opinion that there will not be enough meat to last until new bacon comes in; therefore I respectfully urge that throughout the whole Army the ration of salt meat be reduced to one-third of a pound for all troops not engaged in actual movements, to one-fourth of a pound for all troops garrisoning forts, or manning permanent batteries or entrenched camps, and the ration only to be raised to one-half of a pound of bacon when on an active campaign.

The condition of troops - that is, health and appearance - proves that it is enough, as evinced by observing those who have for a long time been on reduced rations. It has been provided when necessary to increase the bread rations.

On the other hand, we continue to lose territory - here in Virginia as elsewhere - and the enemy are largely increasing the mouths to be filled, while they are instituting proceedings for destroying existing supplies in our country and growing crops, or the appliances for raising them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure.]

RECAPITULATION.

 Bacon and	 Salt and fresh

 pork. 	 beef.

Total pounds of. . . . . . 	 8,734,063	 8,282,827

Rations of one-half pound. . 	 17,486,126	 . . .

Rations of one-third pound. .	 26,229,189	 . . .

Rations of three-quarters	 . . . 	 11,043,769

pound. .

In Virginia, 11,559 head of cattle.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., June 4, 1863.

Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General:

SIR: The last paragraph of section 13 of the tax act contemplates that the Secretary of War will notify the Secretary of the Treasury of the region where it will be impracticable to collect the tax in kind. After a close examination I have the honor to report in this subject as follows: Excepting in Greensville, Surry, and Sussex Counties, the Second Congressional District is impracticable; also the Third District, excepting Henrico, Hanover, Charles City, and New Kent. The Ninth, Tenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Districts are impracticable. In the Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Districts, the counties of Pendleton and Pocahontas, Raleigh and Fayette, Scott, Wise, Buchanan, and McDowell are impracticable. This is for the State of Virginia.

In North Carolina the counties of Gates, Hertford, Bertie, Chowan, Perquimans, Pasquotank, Camden, Currituk, Martin, Washington, Tiurrell, Pitt, Beaufort, Hyde, Lenior, Craven, Carteret, Jones, Onslow, Cherokee, Macon, Jackson, Haywood, Madison, Buncombe, McDowell, Yancey, Watauga, Ashe, Surry, and Stokes are deemed impracticable.

In the State of Alabama the counties of Walker, Marion, Lawrence, Franklin, De Kalb, Marshal, Blount, Randolph, Choctaw, Pike, Henry, Coffee, Dale, and Covington are deemed impracticable.

