
In the State of Florida the counties of Escambia, Santa Rosa, Walton, Taylor, La Fayette, Levy, Putnam, Duval, Saint John's, and all counties south of Marison, Levy, and Saint John's, are deemed impracticable.

In the State of Louisiana it will be practicable to collect only in the counties of Sabine, De Sota, Caddo, Bossier, Claiborne, Bienville, Natchitoches, Rapides, and Winn, Union, Jackson, Morehouse, Ouachita, East and West Feliciana, Saint Helena, Washington, East Baton Rouge, Livingston, and Saint Tammany.

In the State of Tennessee it will be practicable to collect only in the counties of Marion, Franklin, Grundy, Hamilton, Bradley, Polk, McMinn, Monroe, Meigs, Rhea Sevier, Cumberland, Morgan, Anderson, Knox, Union, Grainger, Jefferson, Hawkins, Hancock, Greene, Washington, Sullivan, Carter, and Johnston.

In Mississippi the practicable counties are Hinds, Madison, Holmes, Yazoo, Carroll, Yalobusha, Tallahatchie, Panola, La Fayette, Attala, Greene, Wayne, Jones, Paulding, Clarke, Dale, Lauderdale, Newton, Scott and Rankin, Kemper,. Noxubee, Lowders, Oktibbeha, Chickasaw, Monroe, Pontotoc, and Itwamba.

In Arkansas it is deemed impracticable to collect the tax inkind, except in the following counties: Desha, Arkansas, Jefferson, Pulaski, Conway, Perry, Yell, Pope, Johnson, Franklin, Sebastian, Crawford, Monroe, Prairie, Saint Francis, White Jackson, Independence, Asley, Calhoun, Union, Ouachita, Dallas, and Hempstead.

The remoteness of Texas and the want of information of the means of transportation in that State render it practicable to designate the localities where it is practicable to collect the tax in kind. In the above statement practicable regions may have been omitted, and regions that are impracticable may have been given. Information as it is received will be communicated to each controlling quartermaster, so far as it relates to his State, and he will be required to advise with the officers of the Treasury (the State collectors) on the subject. I have not referred to the State of South Carolina and Georgia, as collections to a certain extent may be made in all the counties and parishes of those States. Nor are Kentucky or Missouri referred to, as collections can be made in no part of those States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Assistant Quartermaster-General.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 6, 1863.

The inclosed copy of a report from lieut. Colonel L. Smith, who is in charge of the collection of the tax in kind, showing those districts of the country in which it is not practicable to make such collections, is respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for his information.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 12, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of the Treasury for his information. He will please return the paper, that any modifications that further information may induce may be noted and communicated.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

