
VIII. Detailed conscript will stand, from of their enrollment, upon the footing of infantry soldiers, and in no case will any officer of this department having them in charge pay them wages as employees from civil life.

COMMUNICATION OF QUARTERS.

By the decision of the Secretary of War, the rate of communication of quarters at all stations other than Richmond, where communication is paid, is fixed at $15 per room a month. This rate takes effect from the 1st of June, 1863.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 133. Richmond, Va., June 4, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XIV. Captain F. W. Sims, assistant adjutant-general, will assume the duties if inspector and agent for the supervision of railroad transportation on the railroads of the Confederacy lately discharged by Colonel William M. Wadley, and will proceed to execute the same to the like extent with his predecessor, reporting through the Adjutant and Inspector General to the War Department.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WHITERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 4, 1863. - For correspondence between Magruger and Lubbock, in relation to a call for 10,000 Texas militia, see Series I, VOL. XXVI, Part II, p. 33, 36.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 76. Richmond, June 5, 1863.

Officers of the Army are directed in all official reports, whether of sieges, campaigns, or battles, to confine their statements to the facts and events connected with the matter on which they report. No extraneous subject, whether of speculation or of collateral narrative, has a proper place in the official reports of military operations. As much conciseness as is consistent with perspicuity and fullness of statement will be observed is such communications.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[JUNE 5, 1863. - For order directing organization of all men detailed or employed in the War Department at Richmond, and citizens generally, for local defense, see Series I, VOL. XXVII, Part III, p. 862.]

