
also cotton shipped from the Southern ports-the merchandise to be sent to the Confederate States, the cotton to the United States-and thus the people, North and South, were and are fleeced by speculating traitors. By such base means our citizens have been and are subjected to the vilest system of extortion for the "prime necessities of life; " and not only has cotton been thus obtained by the enemy, but information prejudicial to our interests has been obtained, our slaves have been corrupted and decoyed off, and some of the more ignorant portions of our white population made disloyal by the influence of traitorous speculators.

What would be the effect of an act of Congress prohibiting, under severe penalties, shipments of cotton or other products from our ports, and under like penalties prohibiting the introduction of merchandise from not only the United States, but all foreign countries which refuse to recognize the independence of the Confederate States of America? Our people, by industry and enterprise, can make all they absolutely need. The citizens of foreign nations, anxious to trade with us, if prevented while our ports shall be blockaded by our own Government and the patriotism of our people, will have a direct and powerful interest in the removal of the blockade. The love of speculation and profit, which makes thousands anxious for the continuance of the war, will, if all commerce shall be interdicted, make the lovers of traffic in the United States and Europe anxious to terminate a war the existence of which shall be ascertained to be the cause of cutting off all trade, legitimate or by smuggling, with people of the Confederate States. But it may be said that some commerce is necessary to enable us to get guns, fire arms, and munitions of war. Have not the United States captured as many of these articles which were purchased by the agents of the Confederate Government as have run the blockade?

With the arms and munitions of war now possessed by the Confederate Government, courage and daring deeds well directed will make us take from the enemy what we need at less expense and with more glory and honor than em otherwise while our ports shall continue blockaded and foreign nations shall quietly submit to the blockade.

It was said to be important to encourage a violation of the blockade to prove to foreign nations its insufficiency, and thus invite their opposition to it. The proof of its inefficiency has been ample, but without producing the desired effect.

Foreign nations will not recognize the independence of the Confederate States until commerce with the Confederate States will be come not only desirable but necessary to their own prosperity.

Then, and not till then, will our independence be recognized and suitable treaties be made to regulate our political relations and protect our commerce with other nations.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

(To Hon. James M. Baker, Hon. A. E. Maxwell, Hon. J. B. Dawkins, and Hon. R. B. Hilton, Richmond, Va.)

P. S. -A few weeks ago cotton was taken from the South, as placed upon the mail steamers Columbia and Roanoke at sea, and sent to New York.

