
like situations will be elected to command, and thus there will be afforded the untried men a confidence and an encouragement wanting to ordinary militia. Without the general disturbance of a call on the militia the organizations nearest to the points of attack would always be readily summoned to meet the emergency, and the population resident in the cities and their vicinities would, without serious interruption to their business or domestic engagements, stand organized and prepared to man their entrenchments and defend, under the most animating incitements, their property and homes.

In pursuance of the views thus imperfectly presented, and to reconcile greater concentration to our armies, with adequate internal protection to your State, I am instructed by the President, in his name, to make on you a requisition for 5,000 men, to be furnished by your State, for service therein, for the period of six months from August 1 next, unless in the intermediate time a volunteer force, organized under the law for local defense and special service, of at least an equal number be mustered and reported as subject to his call for service within your State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(The same sent to His Excellency Joseph E. Brown, Governor of Georgia, for 8,000 men; His Excellency Isham G. Harris, Governor of Tennessee, for 6,000 men; His Excellency John Letcher, Governor of Virginia, for 8,000 men; His Excellency John Milton, Governor of Florida, for 1,500 men; His Excellency J. J. Pettus, Governor of Mississippi, for 7,000 men; His Excellency J. G. Shorter, Governor of Alabama, for 7,000 men, and His Excellency Z. B. Vance, Governor of North Carolina, for 7,000 men.)

CIRCULAR.] BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, June 8, 1863.

The circular of May 30 is so amended that hereafter instead of temporary exceptions being granted to oversees in worthy cases, as prescribed, they will be enrolled and temporarily detailed.

C. W. FIELD,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., June 9, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR; I have respectfully to acknowledge the letter of Secret Detective Greenwall, communicated by you with favorable indorsement.

The services of such a detective, to track out the professional substitute agents in their habitual frauds and the self-styled officers singing papers without commission or authority, and also to expose

