
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 80. Richmond, June 10, 1863.

I. Contractors with Government officers to supply paper are hereby authorized to send agents to the armies in the field and to military posts for the purpose of collecting material convertible into paper.

II. Commanding officers of armies and military department will direct suitable facilities to be given to such agents, when coming certified by the officers with whom the contract is made, and will direct the quartermaster's department to furnish transportation to the nearest public route for all material collected whenever consistent with the interest of the service.

III. Non-commissioned officer and privates who belonged to companies or regiments which have been disbanded, and who, on account of their absence on detailed duty, were not mustered out of service with the commands to which they were attached, but were continued for detailed duty, will be paid for the period of such detail, upon descriptive lists prepared and signed by the officer under whom they may be serving. Clothing will be drawn and issued to them by such officer, who will keep an accurate account of such issues and indorse them upon said descriptive lists. All such non-commissioned officers and soldiers within the conscript age will be at once reported to the nearest enrolling officer, who will take measures to assign them to companies. Those who are not liable to service as conscript will be discharged by order from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

IV. In all elections of officers prescribed by law a majority of all the votes case will be necessary to a choice.

By order:

S. Cooper,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MILLEDGEVILLE, June 10, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON:

I have this day receive your letter of the 6th instant and will write you fully. I assure you of my readiness to do all in my power to the extent of my legal authority to carry out the President's views on the subject and to fill requisition. There is no law of this State which subjects those over forty-five to draft; the acts of Congress of which you send copies do not. If there be an act that does please send copy. Under my proclamation of 26th of May past many volunteer companies are tendering to me for local defense, and are receiving commissions from the State, which they prefer. If the President will accept 8,000 men, infantry and cavalry, organized by the State into battalions, companies, and regiment, and tendered for local defense for six months, to receive pay and allowances only when on duty, and he can arm them, I think I can have them ready in August. If this is satisfactory say so by telegraph to save time, and instruct Confederate officers in the State to act in harmony with me, and not attempt to get up conflicting organization, and I shall have strong hopes of my ability to fill the requisition.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[JUNE 10, 1863. - For General Orders, Adjutant-General's Office, State of Virginia, with indorsement, in relation to the requisition of the President for 8,000 militia, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XXVII, Part III, p. 833.]

