
MOBILE, June 11, 1863.

[Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:]

SIR: In know you have not time to read letters, yet it is important to know facts which tend either to good or the injury of our country. I have always been in favor of keeping up some communication with the outside world, yet I see that the running the blockade unless restrained will ruin us forever. The fast sending of all our cotton, or a large part - some little is captured - that which passes had better be; the most of it is laid out in brandies, wines, and flimsy gewgaws that bring exorbitant prices, but little in articles that produce substantial good. But besides this it is corrupting our people; it is turning all their hearts and souls to speculating. It teaches, as I have heard officers in the Army - not, however, our present commanding general, Maury, who I do not know, but who is recommended as a good and able officer - the service is becoming odious because of the large profits made by this mode of speculating. And above all this, it is ruining our emergency. Our money now bears a relative value to specie, and because of this trade in great degree. Think of these things. Show this or repeat the substance to Mr. Davis. Do not believe this too is but moody despondency. These things are facts. Deal with them as such.

Yours, truly,

E. S. DARGAN.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 82. Richmond, June 12, 1863.

The second section of the act entitled and act to organize partisan rangers provides that such partisan rangers, after being regularly received into service, shall be entitled to the same pay, rations, and quarters during their term of service and be subjected to the same regulations as other soldiers. The irregularities reported to this Department as having been committed by such corps renders it proper that these corps shall be placed under stricter regulations than those heretofore adopted. The generals commanding the department in which they are serving are hereby authorized to combine them into battalions and regiments with the view to bringing them under the same regulations movements; and the same officers will recommend and further measures for their organization as an integral portion of their commands as will in their opinion promote their efficiency and the interest of the service. The general of the department will recommend field officers for the organizations that may be made, to be submitted for the consideration of the President. Such partisan corps as are serving within the enemy's lines are for the present excepted from this order.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 140. Richmond, June 12, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXI. Colonel Henry Forno, Fifth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, will proceed without delay to suitable points in Mississippi and Alabama

