
and gather volunteers and conscripts from among such citizens of Louisiana as are not already enrolled by the regular authorities of conscription. He will also gather together all the officers and privates of Hays' (Louisiana) brigade who may be found absent without proper authority. The regular conscript officers at Mobile, Ala., are already under instructions to allow full permission to Louisiana conscripts to volunteer before enrollment, and will offer no opposition to recruiting by Colonel Forno of any unenrolled. In the execution of these duties Colonel Forno will be governed by the circular from this office of January 8, 1863, with the limitations imposed by General Orders, No. 16, current series.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, June 12, 1863.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Your assurance of co-operation is gratifying. Organizations under the law of the Provisional Congress are preferred, mainly because of their longer term of duration and greater adaptation for ready call on temporary service and then for dismission to their ordinary pursuits. The militia called out for even a limited time would be continuously in the field. Besides, militia corps, if they could be called out so temporarily, might be considered by the enemy as State troops, not in their construction entitled to exchange. If, however, the organizations under the act of Congress are not formed in adequate numbers, militia on the plan proposed by you or in the usual way will be accepted.

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

22A AUSTIN FRIARS, LONDON, June 12, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I had this pleasure 6th instant, and beg now to inclose duplicate of it. I confess to very great disappointment at not receiving any advices from you by the Bermuda mail, especially as Mr. Mason informs me that [he] has a letter from you of as late date as 16th May. As yet I have no advices from General McRae as to the payment of Colonel Gorgas' draft on Major Huse for 22,500 pounds, left by Mr. Bosher with Messers. A. Collie &amp; Co., and I fear that by its non-payment the provisions cannot be shipped to reach the islands in time for the steamers. As I feared, the D[iana] will not have her trial trip until next week. I will refrain from repeating to you how disagreeable I find my position here, and how anxiously I looked to the receipt of your letter in reply to mine of 6th May.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

