
[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

PARIS, June 4, 1863.

Hon. JAMES M. MASON:

SIR: Believing as I do that it is very important to send forward especially if we have lost control as possible in any event, and especially if we have lost control of the Mississippi River, as at present reported by the Yankees, I feel that I would fail in my duty if I omitted to call the attention of the representatives of the Government at present in Paris to this fact, and beg that some measure, if possible, be taken to pay the draft of Colonel Gorgas on Major C. Huse in favor of C. H. Bosher for 22,500 pounds, held by Messers. Alexander Collie &amp; Co. On Major Huse's promise to pay the draft in a few days, and his letter to Mr. Bosher to call on Messers. Isaac, Campbell & Co. for payment, Messers, Alexander Collie & Co. authorized Mr. Bosher to purchase provisions on account of our Government to the extent of 40,000 pounds. After the purchase was made the authority to Messers. Isaac, Campbell & Co. to pay the draft was withdrawn. In a conversation with Major Huse yesterday he suggested that on going to Liverpool he ascertained that other drafts had been drawn on the cotton, but I reminded him that his orders to present the draft to Messers. Isaac, Campbell & Co. for payment was written after his return from Liverpool, and that his withdrawal of this authority was only made when he found that Mr. Bosher was operating in the execution of his orders in connection with myself and Messers. Alexander Collie & Co. Messers. Alexander Collie & Co, are already in advance to the Government about 30,000 pounds, leaving about 20,000 pounds yet up on the balance of the provisions. They have already done more than I had a right to except, and it would be unreasonable to except them to send forward these provisions and party the additional amount until the draft on Major Huse is paid, and as I infer from him that he has no idea of paying the draft, I submit the question to you.

Yours, very truly,

WM. G. CRENSHAW.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMEe, June 13, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I received your communication of 6th instant on the 10th, and replied by telegraph, in which I stated that I would write you fully. I have your reply to-day to my telegram, and have sent you the inclosed dispatch by telegraph. While I am willing to do all I can, within the range of my constitutional and legal powers, to carry out the views of the President, I do not see how it is in my power to assist in raising the troops for local defense in any way only the one proposed in my first dispatch.

As I then stated, the laws of this State do not subject those over forty-years of age to draft or militia duty, and I am not aware of the existence of any act of Congress which does. Both you and I seem, therefore, to be powerless to compel the service of those over that age. If, then, you fail to get volunteers under the acts of Congress for local defense, and you make requisition upon me for troops, to be composed of men over forty-five, you call upon me for those

