
is coupled with the desire of each cadet to complete his course a restless feeling of uncertainly as to whether they ought not, every one of them, to be in the field, and an apprehension that the war may be over before they have struck one below for Southern liberty.

It is understood that you regard this institution with much interest as being to the Confederate States, to a considerable extent, what West Point was to the late United States, and as possessing the capacity beyond any other Southern institution of training the best officers for the Army.

In this view, of it shall be your opinion that the cadets are more in line of their duty to our country in the course of training at the Military Institute, and will in fact render more important service to the Southern Confederacy by completing their course than by entering the Army before they graduate, I am well assured that a full expression of your opinion and wished will have a controlling influence over them and effectually remove all doubt or apprehension in their minds as to the line both of duty and expediency.

The Board of Visitors and the superintendent are most anxious to direct the operations of the institute so as most effectually to meet the wants and wishes of the Confederate Government, and I beg leave to say for them that it will be most gratifying to receive from you any suggestions or recommendation as to the character and duration of the course of instruction, and on any and all other matters which in your judgment has, or may have, an important bearing upon its prospective value to our common cause.

I beg leave, therefore, with the highest respect, to ask a full and unreserved expression of your opinion upon the whole subject.

Very respectfully and truly, your obeWM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General of Virginia, Ex officio Member of the Board.

GENERAL ORDER, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 84. Richmond, June 15, 1863.

I. Ordnance officers on duty in the field do not form a part of the personal staff of the commanding general.

II. Chiefs of ordnance of armies and departments will be assigned by the War Department, and will not be removed except on orders through the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

III. Other ordnance officers will continue to serve with the commands to which they are attached until relieved by orders from the headquarters of the army or department in which they are serving. Copies of orders assigning or relieving ordnance officers will be forwarded to the chief of the Ordnance Bureau at Richmond.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MONTGOMERY, June 15, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Richmond:

Am preparing orders for raising the State troops called for by the President for local defense. It is impossible for the State to arm

38 R R - SERIES IV, VOL II

