
shall be competent to the chief of either of the departments aforesaid to leave or purchase the same; and in case that the lease or purchase is impracticable, then they are authorized to impress the same for the use of States during the war, or while such necessity shall continue.

IV. That proceedings under these orders will be conducted under the fourth section of the act concerning impressments, and in pursuance of the directions contained in paragraph I.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, June 16, 1863.

Governor J. G. SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Volunteers are expected, as far as they can, to use the arms in their possession; deficiencies we expect to supply. Cavalry proper, armed with sabers, are not considered desirable, as without training they must be inefficient. Mounted gunmen to fight dismounted are advisable. The proportion of such may be left to the choice of the people, as from their habits many will prefer horseback.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, June 16, 1863.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

The privilege of organizing companies for local defense, and of tendering them to the President for acceptance, is allowed to the people by the act of Congress. I am not authorized to restrict or deny it. If you will undertake tho direct such organizations, and can thus obtain the whole number required in Georgia for the purpose explained, I will thankfully accept your aid, and from this time leave the matter in your hands for execution.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.] CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GEN. 'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., June 16, 1863.

In accordance with the request of His Excellency Governor Vance, of North Carolina, suggesting the propriety of allowing detailed men in that State at work for the Government to repair to their homes for two or three weeks to aid in securing the harvest, the Secretary of War directs that the chiefs of the different bureaus give instructions in their respective departments that men detailed in the Quartermaster's, Commissary, and Ordnance Departments, as Bureau of Conscription in the several States, be allowed to repair for two or three weeks to their homes, for the purpose indicated, without further reference to this Department. Officer will limit the number to those

