
who can be spared consistently with the pressing interests of the service, who are believed to be reliable, and who will return as soon as the harvest shall have been gathered. The whole matter is referred to their discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Official: For the information and guidance of commandants of conscripts.

G. W. LAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Acting Chief of Bureau of Conscription.

MILLEDGEVILLE, June 17, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

If you will accept volunteers organized under the acts of Congress for local defense, and those organized by the State and tendered, as explained in my letter of 13th instant, which has or will reach you soon, for the same service and same length of time, I will give to all the choice of the two modes of entering Confederate service, and I would then hope to be able to fill the requisition; and if you will then put it all under my control in this State I will undertake to get up the number you ask for as fast as possible.

JOS. E. BROWN.

BY THE GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the President of the Confederate States, by virtue of the authority vested in him but the Constitution, has made a requisition upon North Carolina for 7,000 men to serve within the limits of the State for six months from and after the 1st day of August next; and whereas, it is desirable that if possible the troops should be raised by voluntary enlistment, with the right to select their own officers:

Now, therefore, I, Zebulon B. Vance, Governor of North Carolina, do issue this my proclamation, calling on the patriotic citizens of the State to volunteer for State defense, and tender their services in companies, battalions, and regiments on or before the 17th of July. The control and management of the troops raised under this proclamation will be retained by the authorities of the State. Orders for the enrollment of the militia, preparatory to draft, in case it may be necessary, will be issued by the adjutant-general.

In witness whereof, Zebulon B. Vance, captain-general and commander-in-chief, hath signed these presents and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed.

Done at Raleigh this 17th day of June, A. D. 1863, and in the year of American the Independence the eighty-seventh.

[SEAL.] Z. B. VANCE.

By the Governor:

R. H. BATTLE, Jr.,

Private Secretary.

