
Confederate Government, they will be cheerfully accepted and put on like footing as constituting when in service part of the Provisional Army.

As you may have inferred from a previous passage of this letter, it is expected that men between forty and forty-five shall enter the proposed organizations; but should such be hereafter called out by the President they will be liable to be transferred or discharged and conscribed.

It is expected that as far as the men entering these organizations have guns or arms they shall use them, but we hope to be able to make up deficiencies in arms and accouterments, and to supply ammunition when needed.

The limited resources of the Department will not allow me to promise with fuller assurance. Certainly all in the power of the Department will be done to render the organizations as complete and efficient in equipment as may be practicable.

With high esteem, very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, June 21, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I took occasion a few days since to call your attention to the fact that the officers of this department were not supplied with necessary funds, owing to the practice which I am informed obtains of marking requisitions for other bureaus of the War Department 'special. " On inquiry at your office I have ascertained that requisitions are laying over in favor of officers of my department amounting to $15,459,574. There are estimates now on my table ready to be sent in amounting to $15,187,547. 39, and from a statement from the office of the Secretary of the Treasury there remain in his office requisitions not filled amounting to the sum of $14,896,557. 64 pertaining to officers of the Quartermaster-General's Department. From this statement you will perceive that to meet all demands upon this department up to date the sum of $45,543,678. 39 will be required to pay requisitions issued and to provide for those issued to-day.

I submit the matter respectfully for your action.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 21, 1863.

WILLIAM G. CRENSHAW, Esq.,

London, England:

SIR: I have been pleased to receive your several letters informing me of your views and operations in carrying out the contract contemplated in my letter by you to the Hon. James M. Mason, and subsequently entered into by that gentleman, acting in behalf of this Department with you. My official engagements are so engrossing that I have not been able to reply personally, as I would have preferred; but through Major Ruffin and your brothers I have endeavored to keep you advised of my views as to your operations, and, through instructions which I have caused the Ordnance Bureau to send to

