
The public welfare requires you to discharge this duty and the more important duty of enrolling conscripts with the utmost activity, and without fear, favor, or affection.

Our capacity to improve the recent victories now favoring our arms depends mainly upon your exertions to fill the ranks of our armies.

If you are zealous and active we shall make our enemy taste the bitterness of war; if you are negligent we shall continue to witness its ravages on our own soil.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 163. Richmond, July 15, 1862.

* * * *

XIII. Lieut. Colonel Larkin Smith, assistant quartermaster-general, will assume the duties of Quartermaster-General during the temporary absence of Colonel A. C. Myers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 16, 1862. -For Bragg to Cooper, in relation to the perplexities and difficulties growing out of the existing laws and regulations touching army organization when enforced, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 647.]

SPARTA, GA., July 17, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I address you a line in behalf of a number of our citizens in different parts of the State. After the passage of the conscript act and before enrollment was authorized to commence quite a number volunteered in new regiments, organized under authority previously granted, and procured substitutes and were received by the officers, as they supposed they had a right to do under the law. The enrolling officers now hold these parties subject to service, notwithstanding they have substitutes in their places, upon the grounds that not more than one substitute per month could be received into any company. This is deemed hard and oppressive. I suggest to you that instructions be given to Major Dunwody that all persons in this State liable to conscription shall be exempt who honestly and bona fide has a substitute not liable to conscription act was to allow such substitution, and when for want of proper information proper form has not been followed, but the substance obtained, any evil ensuing ought to be corrected, for if these parties had waited a few weeks and reported themselves to Major Dunwody with their substitutes they could, I take it for granted, have been received without question. I know of

