
VII. Arms and equipments, when not possessed by the members, will, to the extent necessary to supply, be furnished by the Confederate States.

VIII. Should any of them be captured, they shall be claimed as prisoners of war, and all the protection of the Government will be extended to them.

IX. Field officers of battalions and regiments to be organized will be appointed by the President, in accordance with the fact aforesaid. Company officers may be elected by the companies, or appointed, as the members may consent.

X. That these organizations will be preferred to and exempt their members from any call of militia.

XI. The commandant of any military post of the Confederate States, the sheriff of any county, or the colonel commanding any militia regiment, or the judge or justice of any county or other court, may certify and return the muster-rolls, which must be sent to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office at Richmond for acceptance.

XII. In the event of a call by the President, under the law of conscription, on all between the ages of forty and forty-five, those in said organizations subject to such all will be liable to discharge or transfer.

For the information and guidance of those desirous of volunteering for local defense, the law of August 21, 1861, is hereto appended:

AN ACT to provide for local defense and special service.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the services of volunteers of such kind and in such proportion as he may deem expedient, to serve for such time as he may prescribe, for the defense of exposed places or localities, or such special service as he may deem expedient.

SEC. 2. And such forces shall be mustered into the service of the Confederate States, for the local defense or special service aforesaid, the muster-roll setting forth distinctly the services to be performed; and the said volunteers shall not be considered in actual service until thereunto specially ordered by the President. And they shall be entitled to pay or subsistence only for such time as they may be on duty under the orders of the President or by his direction.

SEC. 3. Such volunteer forces, when so accepted and ordered into service, shall be organized in accordance with and subject to all the provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," approved March 6, 1861, and may be attached to such divisions, brigades, regiments or battalions as the President may direct, and when not organized into battalions or regiments before being mustered into service, the President shall appoint the field officers of the battalions or regiments, when organized as such by him.

Approved August 21, 1861.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[JUNE 22, 1863. -For proclamation of Governor of Georgia, calling for 8,000 men for local defense, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XXVIII, Part II, p. 154.]

MONTGOMERY, June 23, 1863.

Hon. JOHN A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: You will see from the inclosed slip that I propose to aid in raising, as promptly as possible, the 7,000 troops recently called

