
for by the President from this State (Alabama). I would respectfully submit a suggestion which occurs to me might be of considerable advantage at present and in the future toward strengthening our forces in the field. In several counties of this State there are, unfortunately, quite a considerable number of troops, or rather men fit for troops, hiding and skulking in the hills and mountains, where it would require a force nearly equal to themselves to ferret them out and arrest them, and this being done, they are of very little service and of no reliability. These men might be, in a great many instances, reclaimed by allowing them to volunteer and serve in this six-months' term, under officers elected by themselves, but who could be judiciously indicated to them by one in whom they had confidence. By a judicious course of discipline and treatment they could at the end of this term be turned over to the Army without difficulty. I am sure that I could name several counties in this State where this system might reclaim numerous fine soldiers, and if it shall be allowed to take them for the six months, I will make it my business to make appointments to meet the people of these counties, speak to them, and try and reclaim them to the service. I confess that I make my suggestion to the Department with great reluctance, but after all, I am anxious and ready to serve my country, especially in this trying emergency; and hence I have ventured too address you this note. Nor would I have made the suggestion, but that I fear that these 7,000 volunteers or troops will not be otherwise promptly forthcoming.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your very obedient servant,

J. J. SEIBELS.

[Inclosure.]

RESPOND TO THE CALL FOR TROOPS.

The undersigned feels it his duty to respond to the call which the Governor has made upon the State in his recent proclamation for 7,000 troops to serve for six months by an effort to aid in raising at least one of the regiments in this section of the State from volunteers. These troops are intended for State defense, and mainly for the purpose of repelling the raids which the enemy may undertake at any moment and in any quarter; consequently mounted troops would be most efficient, from the celerity with which they could assemble and move from point to point. The proposed regiment, therefore, will be of mounted men, drilled as infantry and cavalry, to fight on foot or horseback. All those wishing to join such a corps with the undersigned will at once unite in companies, each to consist of 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 2 second lieutenants, 5 sergeants, 4 corporals, 1 bugler, if practicable, together with at least 64 pin all 77. When this number is attained the company will elect their officers and report at once to the Government and inform me of the fact, when and officer will be sent forthwith to muster them into service. The great advantages secured personally to these volunteer organizations are apart from the conscious gratification of serving one's country without compulsion and escaping the odium of a draft when the country is in peril; that they remain at home with their families attending to their business until the exigency arises from active service. They elect their own officers and thus avoid the possibility of having strangers or obnoxious persons to command them.

