
And now, my countrymen, once more to the rescue. Don't stand back because you are a little over age, although this call is only for those between eighteen and forty-five not liable to the conscription. I only ask you to do what I am willing to do myself. It is my honest conviction that if we can only keep back the enemy and prevent him from further progress in our territory for the term for which we are called out, that we shall then have peace. In this we can most materially aid. But if we are further overrun, the war must, with all its horrors, be prolonged indefinitely, or we must submit to the yoke of the conqueror-an alternative that no true friend to the country would countenance for a moment.

I append an extract from the law of March 6, 1861, relative t compensation, &amp;c., and a few suggestions upon the important matter of equipment.

Extracts from the law, March 6, 1861.

SEC. 4. Non-commissioned officers and privates in any company shall be entitled, when called into actual service, to money in a sum equal to the cost of clothing of a non-commissioned officer or private in the Regular Army of the Confederate States.

* * * * *

SEC. 7. * * * entitled to the same pay and allowances as may be provided for the Regular Army. All non-commissioned officers and privates, musicians, and artificers shall be allowed 40 cents per day for the sue and risk of their horses. * * * For horses killed in action volunteer shall be allowed compensation according to their appraised value at the date of muster into service.

Each volunteer must at once procure a good, strong, serviceable horse, saddle, and bridle, the stirrup leather and bridle reins of the best and stoutest material. The bridge should be made os that the bits should be buckled up to the headstall on one side, so that by simply unbuckling, the horse would be ready to forage, the bridle never taken off at all. A cartridge-box or pouch capable of holding sixty rounds of ammunition must be made of material perfectly impervious to water from rain. Straps should be provided to buckle on the blankets, clothing, &c., to the saddle, for which rings must be securely fastened to it. An oilcloth or other substance that will turn water should be provided, if practicable, to throw over clothing, &c. So soon as a company is organized the captain will order an inspection of arms with the view of ascertaining how many can arm themselves. Each man must furnish his own gun where it is possible to do so; but where it is not, the Government will supply the deficiency. But let it not be lost sight of that the double-barreled shotgun is the most effective arm in the world for service, and the Government only will be able to furnish the single-barrel rifle or musket. So soon as this inspection is made the captains will report forthwith to the undersigned the number and description of arms on hand in his company, and if possible the caliber of each. Those needing repairs will, if properly labeled and forwarded to Montgomery to Colonel A. B. Clitherall, ordnance officer, be repaired at the expense of the State. The troops will be furnished with ammunition so soon as they are mustered into service.

J. J. SEIBELS.

CIRCULAR.] BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, Va., June 23, 1863.

A difference of opinion having arisen as to the right of officers of conscription to order a re-examination of persons to whom exemptions

