
Attention will be paid to the intention of Congress in passing the act, which was not to offer a premium to this service, but to increase the pay to the extent required by the necessary daily expenses actually incurred. It is presumed that the additional compensation recommended will depend upon the locality, the cost of living varying with the district. Specific estimates of the expense necessarily incurred in the different districts will be given in the reports with the sum recommended as extra compensation, and in general, any information that will lead to the formation of a correct opinion on the subject.

The commandants are referred to General Orders, No. 75, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, which will be carefully considered as an expression of the views of the War Department on the subject.

G. W. LAY,

Lieut. Colonel and Asst. Adjt. Gen., Acting Chief of Bureau.

(To Commandants of Conscripts.)

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 88. Richmond, June 24, 1863.

Operators on telegraph lines, established by military commanders for military purposes, will be allowed payment for their services, not to exceed the rate of compensation fixed and allowed by the Postmaster-General to the operators under his control.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, June 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: The evil of desertion from the Army, with the determination to avoid and even resist future service, appears of late on the increase, and it is the more difficult to deal with that the soldiers now bring with them Government arms and ammunition, banding among themselves and with evaders of conscription. The enrolling officers are sometimes shot by them and the community kept in terror. This state of things exists more or less in each of our Atlantic States especially. The various mischiefs resulting apart from the loss of soldiers to the Army are such as all good citizens are interested in putting down; and there is a general desire growing up to aid the Government in this matter. The War Department looks to the agencies of conscription to apply the remedies. The resources at command of the authorities of conscription are insufficient in number and in character for the repressive measures needed. Applications for aid to the military commanders are usually unsuccessful. Occupied with the enemy the generals expect these matters to be somehow provided for by home authorities, and are not tempted to even a brief loan of force by the prospect of return in an addition to their numbers. There are many objections to asking special organizations for the purposes in

