
referred to in the Fifty-first Georgia Regiment should be so filled, and not by election. The laws and regulations provide for a stringent investigation as to the fitness of an officer for promotion, to which he would be entitled by seniority if worthy; and, as you state that such promotion has been made of the officer entitled by seniority, it is presumed that he is worthy to fill the place. The act of the general announcing the promotion is in accordance with the laws of Congress, with the regulations and uniform usage of the service, and is approved by the Department. It is to be regretted that this difference of opinion should have existed, and that the expression of your views should have been given such direction as may possibly excite some dissatisfaction among the officers of that gallant regiment. It is hoped that upon a reconsideration you will concur with the views herein expressed.

With esteem, respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.] BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

Richmond, June 16, 1863.

SIR: As representing the Government, you have a right to exercise discretion in accepting or rejecting substitutes.

Accept none unless satisfied that the transaction is in good faith, the substitute reliable, and of good character, and that the interests of the Government will not suffer by the inferiority (in physical capacity or in character) of the substitute to the principal, or by the withdrawal of men interested in the country from the military service.

You may require the principal to be present in person, and will refuse to deal with brokers or paid agents. Undomiciled foreigners are forbidden to be received as substitutes; nor can a declaration of intention to become naturalized qualify a foreigner to be a substitute. Such a declaration would make him, if of conscript age, liable to service in his own person. All doubtful cases reject, or refer to this Bureau.

These instructions are issued by direction of the War Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. LAY,

Lieut. Colonel, Asst. Adjt. Gen., Acting Chief of Bureau.

(To Commandants of Conscripts and Camps of Instruction.)

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 92. Richmond, June 29, 1863.

I. The acts of Congress passed on the 6th of April, 1863, and dates subsequent thereto, having provided the means of procuring army supplies, notice is hereby given to the people of the Confederate States and to receiving officers that from the date of this publication no more quartermaster's supplies will be received under the appeal made by the President and the plan of the Secretary of War annexed thereto. All such supplies collected or tendered prior to the time

