
The militia cannot under the existing law be called out for more than six months. The conscript goes for three years, and one or both can be placed in the service as the public safety requires. A discharge or exemption from the duties of the one of itself furnishes no ground of exemption from the other. As to you having a showing, there will be no difficulty as to that if the occasion offers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Alabama.

TO THE PEOPLE OF GEORGIA:

Since the date of my proclamation calling for 8,000 volunteers for home defense* I have received a letter from the Secretary of War, dated June 19, 1863, upon the subject of the proposed organizations and the material of which they are to be composed, embracing a class of our fellow-citizens not included in the original requisition. The Secretary says:

It is expected that men between forty and forty-five shall enter the proposed organizations, but should such be hereafter called out by the President they will be liable to be transferred or discharged and conscribed. It is expected, as far as the men entering these organizations have guns or arms, they shall use them, but we hope to be able to make up the deficiencies in arms and accouterments and to supply ammunition when needed.

In obedience to the above requirement of the President, made through the Secretary of War, it is expected that each man in the State able to bear arms, including those between forty and forty-five years of age, will promptly unite with one of the volunteer organizations called for by my proclamation. Let no county fail to organize on the first Tuesday in July, and let each tender its full quota within the appointed time. The later raid of the enemy into East Tennessee, and the destruction of the railroad bridges, together with their depredations upon our own sea-coast, admonish us that we have no time to lose in preparation for our defense. Let no one, high or low, rich or poor, officer or private, who has physical ability to endure one week's service falter or make an excuse. The patriotic daughters of Georgia will mark with perpetual reproach, and regard in future with merited distrust, every man who hides himself behind any sort of exemption and has not the courage and manliness to take up arms when the enemy is in our midst to protect their houses against the flames, their little children against nakedness and hunger, and their persons against the insults and injuries of bands of ruffian robbers, who are destitute alike of honor, civility, and shame.

Given under my hand and the seal of the Executive Department this 30th day of June, 1863.

[SEAL.]

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. XXVIII, Part II, p. 154.

---------------

