
should therefore endeavor to inaugurate a system for our own department, and I am confident that it can be done. In order to act promptly and securely I think it absolutely necessary that a military force accompany our officers charged with this duty. We cannot expect to draw upon the army in the advance for this force. I therefore propose that we be authorized to raise from the hospitals, by volunteering, a thousand men, to be mounted by our department, to act, under a judicious military commander, as escorts to our officers charged with the collection of this property, the command and the operations to be confined to the country in rear and in striking distance of our army and to be governed by any orders from General Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. COLE,

Major and Inspector-General.

[Memorandum.]

JULY 3.

Over 6,000 convalescents were reported by Surgeon Carrington able to perform cavalry service.

A. C. M.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 4, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

It is absolutely necessary that we should obtain some 8,000 or 10,000 animals to replace those killed and unfit for service from long work. Measures have been taken to get mules from Mexico and Texas. Some have been for months on the borders of the Mississippi River. We cannot depend upon a safe transit.

Officers of this department have been sent with funds in the wake of General Lee's army. Two thousand may be procured in Maryland by purchase. Ten companies of convalescents organized as a regiment and sent on this duty might succeed admirably. About 300 can be mounted at once at Staunton.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

ATLANTA, GA., July 2, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America:

SIR: We beg leave to call your attention to the following resolutions passed at an informal meeting of commissioners under "The act to regulate impressments" from the State of Tennessee, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, held in this city on yesterday, the 1st day of July, to wit:

Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by the chair to confer with the War Department in relation to instructions to the purchasing agents in the Commissary and Quartermaster's Department, requiring them to conform in their purchases to the schedule of prices established by commissioners of the respective States of the Confederacy.

Resolved, further, That the committee address a letter of invitation to the commissioners of the several States to an adjourned convention to be held in city hall of Atlanta, Ga., on Monday, 27th day of July, instant.

The undersigned having been appointed a committee under the first resolution, have the honor to call your attention to the same, and to state in connection therewith that instances are within their knowledge where purchasing agents of the Government have disregarded the prices affixed by the commissioners in their schedule, and have

