
paid more for the articles purchased than the price therein established for the same. We deem it of the utmost importance that there should be, as nearly as possible, a uniformity of prices throughout the Confederacy and concert of action between all the agents of the Government. Without it dissatisfaction will be necessarily engendered, and a difficulty in procuring supplies for the Army be the inevitable result. The experience of the past but confirms this, for already considerable dissatisfaction exists in the country because of the difference in prices paid for the same article in different localities, and in many instances in the same locality; and, as a consequence, difficulties in procuring supplies have been augmented. To avoid this in the future we most respectfully suggest to Your Honor the propriety of instructing the agents of the Government in the different States to conform to the schedule of prices established by the commissioners. Such we believe to be the spirit and intent of the impressment act.

Permit us to state also that the object of the convention of commissioners from the different States of the Confederacy, to be held in this city on the 27th of July next, is to agree as far as practicable upon a uniform schedule of prices and concert of action, upon which occasion we should be glad to receive from the War Department any suggestions it may be pleased to communicate. The convention which has but to-day adjourned declined to take nay definite action with regard to their future schedule because of the partial attendance of the commissioners from the different States, caused, doubtless, by the limited notice given of its meeting.

In conclusion we beg leave to subscribe ourselves, most respectfully, your obedient servants,

G. D. MOORE,

Commissioner from Mississippi.

A. H. MARTIN,

Commissioner from South Carolina.

U. B. WILKINSON,

Commissioner from Georgia.

RALEIGH, July 2, 1863.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

By the returns from my militia regiments there will not be men in the State to raise the 7,000 required by you without resorting to the classes exempted from conscription as State officers, men with substitutes, &amp;c., who would be entitled to discharge if made Confederate troops. The military committee have instructed me to ask if you will agree to the troops remaining under my control as State troops, which enables us to put in all these exempts. Please answer at once. The Legislature sits but a day or two longer.

Z. B. VANCE.

RICHMOND, VA., July 2, 1863.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

This day received your dispatch. Will receive as many as will organize under the act for local defense, and for the residue will accept the militia or State troops.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

