
GENERAL ORDERS,ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 94. Richmond, July 4, 1863.

Information having been received that soldiers absent from their commands without proper authority are employed by officers in charge of Government work, it is hereby directed that all such men be returned immediately to their respective companies. Officers who employ men not regularly detailed will, in every instance, be held answerable for the offense before a court-martial.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR.] CONSCRIPT OFFICE,

Richmond, July 7, 1863.

The evil of desertion from the Army, with the determination to avoid, and even to resist, future service appears to be on the increase. The War Department looks to the agencies of conscription to arrest the growing evil, and has adopted the following regulations for increasing the force at the disposal of the commandant:

1. A sufficient number of conscripts can be retained from among those presenting themselves as owning horses for cavalry service to supply the necessity of patrols in each district, and be allowed while so employed cavalry pay and commutation of forage and rations. No additional officers will be needed, but on application to this office authority will be given to draw arms.

2. The commandant of conscripts is authorized to order payment to citizens while aiding in the service of a fair hire for their horses and actual expenses of travel and forage; also to hire horses in extreme cases to mount enrolling officers or conscripts.

3. That when Governors of States may consent, small bodies of militia may be taken into temporary service (under the direction and control of the commandant) and paid as infantry or cavalry, according to the duties required.

The commandant desires that you immediately proceed to organize such force as may be needed in your district, reporting the names and number of persons so employed. In the selection of persons so employed for this service he is to a great extent dependent upon the judgment and discretion of the district officers, and the entertains the hope that by the selection of suitable assistants and the exercise of the necessary vigilance and activity many men may be returned to service, and the evil of desertion effectually stopped.

Very respectfully,

J. H. BINFORD,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

(To District Enrolling Officers.)

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 96. Richmond, July 8, 1863.

I. Soldiers not deemed subjects for discharge under paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 69, current series, because of their being fir for

