
BRITISH CONSULATE,

Mobile, August 20, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I had the pleasure to address you under date of 4th instant, as per copy inclosed, to which I have not been favored with any reply.

Having in the meantime ascertained that British subject having no domicile are not liable to conscription, I respectfully ask of your to be so good as to prevent the further enrollment of Her Majesty's subjects not liable to conscription in this State, as well as Florida, and that those already enrolled may be set at liberty.

It seems very singular that the Confederate Government should have one law for the State of Alabama, Florida, and Mississippi, and another for South Carolina and Virginia.

Her Majesty's consuls at Charleston and Richmond inform me that no British subjects, as before mentioned, are allowed to be conscripted, and if so, are immediately discharged.

Soliciting your early attention to my request,

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES MAGEE,

Acting Consul.

[Inclosure.]

BRITISH CONSULATE,

Mobile, August 4, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I take the liberty of asking of you if British subject who never have taken any oath of allegiance to either the Federal or Confederate Governments are liable to be forced into the Army under their conscript law?

Your early answer will oblige, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES MAGEE,

Acting Consul.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 194. Richmond, August 20, 1862.

* * *

XXV. Citizens of Maryland will not hereafter be taken as substitutes. In recruiting for the Maryland Line in this city it will be understood that neither artillery or cavalry will be received.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, August 22, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your of August 7, inclosing copy of Secretary of War's letter of August 5. I will thank you to recur a moment to that letter till I can correct a portion of it. Feeling a deep interest and even anxiety in the speedy and faithful execution of the conscript law, I cannot allow myself to be

