
And coming in very slowly, so the prospect of 400 per day has vanished. The Secretary of War could not have been satisfied if he made a more thorough examination of my statements. However, General Martin has not a supervisory care of it, and I feel satisfied that he will attend to it. I felt it my duty to call attention to it in the first instance, and the reply misrepresented me, which renders this necessary, and I ask it may be laid before the Department for that purpose. I do not complain of the mode the Secretary has selected to carry out the law; trust it may prove the best, but the reading of the law had produced a different impression on my mind of the way it was to be executed, and I held myself ready to assist in that or any other mode.

I am, most respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., NORTH CAROLINA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE (MILITIA), No. 5. Raleigh, June 11, 1862.

Commanding officers of militia will call out their respective regiments for the purpose of the enrollment of conscripts at such times as Major Peter Mallett, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., for the State of North Carolina, may appoint.

By order of Governor Clark:

JOHN C. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 61. Richmond, August 23, 1862.

I. Hereafter all orders from this published in the Richmond Enquirer will be considered by the Army as official.

II. In connection with paragraph IV of the General Orders, No. 32, from this office, ambulances and wagons for the transportation of regimental hospital supplies are reserved for the special use of the hospital department. While the ambulances, wagons, teams, drivers, &amp;c., will be borne on the returns of the quartermasters, they will be under the exclusive control of the medical officers, and will not be interfered with by my officer, except in permanent encampments, when by direction of the general commanding the wagons may, if necessary, be temporarily used for local purposes.

III. Paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 53, current series, is so modified as to read as follows:

All seizures and impressments of any description of property whatever belonging to the States of the Confederacy are hereby prohibited, and officers of the C. S. Army are enjoined to abstain carefully from such seizures and impressments; and in case they are made by mistake, such officers are ordered to make prompt restitution.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[AUGUST 23, 1862. -For Price to Randolph, in relation to the organization of troops in Missouri, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 823.]

