
Your fourth interrogation reads, "whether it will be in accordance with your views that upon obtaining possession of the State a military commission shall be appointed with authority to assess damages accrued to the loyal citizens of the Southern Confederacy and levy a tax to be summarily collected upon the supporters of the Federal Government for their reimbursement. " So soon as we obtain possession of the State of Kentucky the provisional government of the State will assume its functions, and no power will remain in Congress to adopt special legislation in regard to citizens of Kentucky; and if the persons named are alien enemies they are included in measures already adopted. They are subject also to such laws for the punishment of crime as may be enacted by the provisional government. I shall be happy to confer with you on any measures tending to relieve or benefit the people of Kentucky.

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[AUGUST 30, 1862. -For proclamation by the Governor of Virginia, calling for a State force of 10,000 men, to be employed chiefly in the defense of Western Virginia, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XII, Part III, p. 947.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Richmond, September 2, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am directed by the President to forward to you for attention and the proper action the subjoined copies of resolutions of the House of Representatives of the 1st instant:

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate to this House at as early a day as convenient whether the work is being persecuted by the Government, or in any other way, on the railroad for connecting the Richmond and Danville and the North Carolina railroads, for which $1,000,000 was appropriated by act approved February 10, 1862; and what has been accomplished, if anything, to the completion of the same.

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to communicate to the House of Representatives whether it be true that Major Gen. Thomas C. Hidman, the commanding general of the Trans-Mississippi District, has caused all cotton in said district to be seized; and is so, the object for which said seizure was made. Also whether said commanding general refused to have substitutes received as soldiers in the Army of the Confederate States; also whether the said commanding general has placed said military district under martial law; also whether said commanding general has caused to be organized into new companies and regimens the conscripts of said military district and appointed officers to command the same; and if said acts, or any of them, have been done by said commanding general, that the President be requested to communicate to this House the authority or instructions under which said commanding general has taken this action.

Your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 3, 1862.

GOVERNOR AND EXECUTIVE COUNCIL OF SOUTH CAROLINA:

GENTLEMEN: I have received from the Adjutant-General a communication addressed to him by Lieut. Colonel J. S. Preston, the officer

