
express enactment, but provided drill-masters for them, no doubt could be entertained of the authority to establish such camps.

The call for men, however, has been so importunate that the camps of instruction have been little more than points of rendezvous, and the unprepared condition of the conscripts has been felt as an evil and made the subject of complaint from the Army.

It was never contemplated that conscripts should be detained a day after they were fit for the field, but it was hoped that they might be left a few weeks for preparation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 64. Richmond, September 8, 1862.

I. Conscripts in the employment of the Government who leave their employment without authority will be arrested as deserters on the order of the officer under whom they are employed. Conscripts working for contractors will, under like circumstances, be arrested as deserters by the enrolling officer of the district on complaint and proof by the contractor.

II. The reception of substitutes under eighteen years of age is hereby prohibited. The reception of substitutes into partisan corps is prohibited, as is also the reception of substitutes into any company not fully organized and received by the Department. A substitutes becoming liable to conscription renders his principal also liable, unless exempt on other grounds.

III. Commissaries of subsistence in the field and at depots will transfer all the hides of slaughtered beeves to officers of the Quartermaster's Department, who will receive them and preserve the same to be tanned.

IV. Commanders of army corps, regiments, and battalions will make

to this office monthly returns of their respective commands on the forms furnished and according to the directions expressed on them. Officers in charge of camps of instruction will make to this office on the 10th, 20th and 30th of each month returns of the state of the recruiting service, showing the number of conscripts enrolled in camp at the date of last report the number enrolled and accepted during the period for which report is made, number sent forward to regiments, and the total remaining in camp. *

* * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[SEPTEMBER 8, 1862. -For Lee to Davis, stating that "The present position of affairs, in my opinion, places it in the power of the Government of the Confederate States to propose with property to that of the United States the recognition of our independence," &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 600.]

---------------

*For paragraph V of this order see Series II, VOL. IV, p. 872.

---------------

