
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICAN, SURG. GEN. 'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 8, 1862.

Surgeon PRIOLEAU,

Savannah:

SIR: I have to inform you that you are authorized to make arrangements as complete as possible to effectually carry out the plan rendered necessary to be inaugurated by the Medical Department of collecting and preparing for use the medicinal herbs, roots, and barks so abundant in the southern latitudes of the Confederacy, and your attention is called to the propriety of at once making some simple cathartic pills, diarrhea medicine, and other mixtures for the ordinary diseases in camp. Doctor Park is an employed agent and now in Savannah engaged in the work of gathering such herbs, &amp;c., as are referred to above. You will please report to this Bureau as you progress in this important work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 65. Richmond, September 9, 1862.

I. Each cadet in the C. S. service will forthwith report to the Adjutant and Inspector-General Richmond, Va., the State in which he was born, the county and State whence appointed, and whether the appointment was "at large," or from a "Congressional district," his age at the date of his appointment in the Confederate service, and whether he was appointed to West Point, together with the date of such appointment and the date of his leaving.

II. Promotions of company officers as such in the Provisional Army take place in the respective companies in which the officers are serving, and not through the line of the regiment or battalion-that is, on the vacancy of the captain the first lieutenant of the company will succeed, and the second lieutenant of the same company will be entitled to succeed to the vacancy created by the promotion of the first lieutenant.

III. Paroled or exchanged prisoners, sick or wounded, in hospitals, who have not been furnished with descriptive lists will be mustered for payment upon the hospital rolls by surgeons in charge, upon their affidavit that they have not received pay for the period for which they claim it to be due and are not indebted to the Confederate Government beyond the amount which may be stated.

IV. All officers of the Subsistence Department will return to the commissary from whom they draw subsistence all barrels and sacks. If they fail to return them they will be charged 75 cents for each barrel and $1. 25 for each sack

V. The medical officers detailed by virtue of paragraph I, General Orders, No. 58, current series, to examine conscripts at camps of instruction, will forward every week, through the commanding officers, to the Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, the names in full of the conscripts received who are not equal to all military duty, but may be valuable in the hospital, quartermaster's, or other staff department, in order that they may be detailed for those branches of the service. The previous occupation of the conscript will be

