
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 50.Richmond, July 18, 1862.

I. Conscripts engaged on Government work, either directly or by contractors, will not be taken from the work on which they are engaged, except for the purpose of enrollment, after which they will be returned on the certificate of the officer under whose charge the work is being performed, or with whom the contract is made. Such certificate will be presented to the enrolling officer, who will there-upon order the detail of the men specified for a period not to exceed sixty days. A duplicates of such detail will be forwarded at once to the Adjutant and Inspector General, and a triplicate to the chief of the department or bureau for which the work is performed.

Extensions of these details will be made when deemed necessary, on application through the heads of the departments or bureaus.

* * * *

IV. Conscripts will be paid from the date of their departure from home for camp of instruction. Troops raised by the States under requisitions made on them by the Confederate States Government will be paid from the date of their assembling at the rendezvous for service, being already enlisted, or from the date of the enlistment, if that takes place at the rendezvous.

V. The only authority giving mileage or transportation to officers or soldiers in the field emanates from the general commanding the particular army.

VI. Arms and munitions of war belonging to States are strictly prohibited from being seized by any Confederate officer; and public arms and supplies will not be diverted from their legitimate destination by any officer of the Army.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, July 19, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: I have a word to say in regard to Mr. Hart and Mr. Isaac, who represent the interests here of S. Isaac, Campbell &amp; Co., of London. They have shown a disposition to presume on the alleged services they have rendered to Government, service for which I suppose they have been most amply remunerated. Mr. Hart (for I have had no intercourse with Mr. Isaac) is a resident of New York, and, as the uncle of the latter, came out here to superintend the business transactions of the London firm. He has been sufficiently adroit not to address himself directly to me as regards his supposed grievances, but I do know that Isaac has openly boasted that the Government owes everything to his house, and that his reason for coming to Nassau was to take the business of running the blockade into his hands and monopolize it to the exclusion of John Fraser & Co., who, as he alleges, have not done one-half for the Government which his concern has accomplished. Of course you will estimate this braggadocio at its proper value, but I have cited it to show the animus by which he is guided.

