
are illegal and will not be admitted in accounts passing through the Quartermaster-General's Office.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 67. Richmond, September 13, 1862.

I. Different constructions having been placed on paragraph III, General Orders, No. 65, current series, it is hereby declared that it only applies to paroled or exchanged prisoners who are sick and wounded in hospitals, and who have not been furnished with descriptive lists.

II. The Surgeon-General, the Quartermaster-General, the Commissary-General, and the Chief of Ordnance will cause an immediate and thorough inspection to be made in all the branches of their several departments, and will report to the Adjutant and Inspector General the number of able-bodied men of conscripts accepted for such duty under the requirements of paragraph III, General Orders, No. 58, current series.

III. Surgeons in charge of hospitals, assistant quartermasters, assistant commissaries, and ordnance officers having in their employ able-bodied men of conscript age, whose places can be filled by conscripts enrolled under paragraph III, General Orders, No. 58, current series, will report the facts to the nearest enrolling officer, who will cause an exchange to be made, and will order the soldiers thus relieved from department employ to duty with their commands.

IV. Hereafter no new details which will separate able-bodied men from their regiments will be made for duty in the Hospital, Quartermaster's, Commissary, or Ordnance Departments.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAS DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 16, 1862.

JAMES MAGEE,

British Consul, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 20th ultimo, I have the honor to say that foreigners are not subject to conscription unless permanent residents of the Confederate States, and are invariably discharged when improperly enrolled.

The necessary instructions on this point have been given to the enrolling officers, but mistakes will sometimes be made, and the Department has never yet failed to discharge a foreigner where the consul, after examination, reported that he was not domiciled in the Confederate States.

I inclose a copy of a telegram sent to you on this subject. *

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See August 26, p. 70.

---------------

