
outrageous prices. The cotton and woolen factories have advanced their prices to an unheard-of extent, and refuse to make contracts which would prevent them from raising next week if they saw proper. The price of common shirting for example, is 50 cents per yard. It requires 1,000,000 yards to furnish each soldier two shirts and two pairs drawers, which is the winter allowance. This you will see amounts to $500,000 simply for underclothing. When you take in the shoes and clothing (coast and pants), which have advanced in the same ration, the sum will be almost incredible. By calculations submitted to me by intelligent gentlemen it appears that 25 cents per yard for cotton cloth will actually pay the mill owners near 300 per cent.

The cry of distress comes up from the poor wives and children of our soldiers, also, from all parts of the State. If those prices bear so hard upon the Government, what will become of them when in addition we consider the enormous rates at which provisions as selling? It is a subject that distresses me beyond measure, the more so as I feel powerless to remedy any of the evils. The Legislature, if convened, would be cramped and hampered by the forces of the constitution. The convention alone can properly take the mater in hand, and save our country and army from suffering and ruin, if, indeed, anything can rescue them from the ungodly and inhuman spirit of avarice which is rampant in the land.

In view of these and many other suggestions which I cannot elaborate in a brief letter, but which have no doubt been apparent to you for months past, I feel it my duty to urge it upon you to assemble that body together as soon as possible, to adopt such remedies as it may think best for the disorders of our county. Its business, might be easily gotten through with before the Legislature assembles, so that there would be no conflict between the two bodies.

Earnestly hoping, sir, that you may concur with me in the propriety of this order, as I know you do in the desire to relieve, if possible, the burdens of our people.

I remain, with sentiments of sincere regard, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 69. Richmond, September 19, 1862.

I. The adjutants of the regiments throughout the Army will inquire into and report all cases of slaves serving with their respective regiments without written authority from their masters. The names of such slaves and their masters will be forwarded to the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, to be published in the newspapers.

II. The prohibition of the exportation from Virginia of wheat, flour, bacon, and corn does not extend to seed wheat. Therefore in all cases where the commanding general of the department through which it is desired to export wheat shall be satisfied that it is intended for seed and not for consumption, he shall permit it to pass.

* * *

IV. Paragraph V, General Orders, No. 41, current series, *is hereby revoked.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*See VOL. I, this series, p. 1139.

---------------

