
The steamer Columbia arrived a few days since with a cargo consisting of two batteries of cannon complete. You will remember this is the boat I alluded to in my communication of the 28th ultimo. Unwilling to incur much risk, Mr. Hart has decided to unload a portion of the cargo and fill up the steamer with outside freight. He applied to Adderly &amp; Co. for some of the Government freight, which, adhering to the plan of incurring no risk, he was willing to take at pounds 40 per ton, payment to be made here, or its equivalent by satisfactory guarantee equal to about $370 at home, payable in advance. This in itself was conclusive as to my decision, but I told Adderly to say to Hart that if he would take something on the terms I have hitherto shipped, say from $265 to $360 per ton, payable in our currency, and on the landing of the good, I might consent to ship a portion hereafter. Adderly advised Hart to address himself to me personally, but he replied that he only wished to deal with Adderly direct. Mr. Hart seemed little disposed to entertain this proposition, and muttered something about representing the matter in its proper light to Captain Huse and Messrs. Mason and Slidell. To Adderly I had no hesitation in saying that John Fraser & Co. were the staunch friends of Government, and that so far as I was concerned I should always give them the preference on equal terms. I feel convinced, moreover, that you will bear me out in this decision, aware as I am of the eminent services the house has rendered, and of the high sense of patriotism by which all their transactions with Government have been influenced. I dislike to intrude aught personal to myself, but I do trust you will receive the assurance in the spirit it is conveyed, that a sense of duty alone ac course I have pursued here as agent of the Government, that no inducement can swerve me to depart from the rule I have laid down to deal only with the real friends of our cause, and that as far as my interest is concerned it is simply identical with that I have been called upon to watch over. My intercourse with Mr. Lafitte, the agent of Fraser & Co., has been of the most satisfactory character. He has never failed to respond to any request I have made in behalf of the Government, and I consider it fortunate indeed that a gentleman of such sterling worth has been here, to whom on all occasions I could freely apply for advice and assistance.

I have deemed it proper to make these statements to you. The threats of outside parties who vaunt their attachment to Government, because, forsooth, it is for their interest to do so, cannot affect me. I look solely to you and the Government for approval of my course. It may hereafter be a matter for consideration how far the boasted services of S. Isaac, Campbell & Co. has been offset by the prices they have charged the Government for their supplies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Atlanta, Ga., July 20, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Please allow me to call your attention to a few evils which are being practiced in this country by men who ought to be in service, but by their wits succeed in keeping out. These are hundreds of men strolling through the country without any visible means

