
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, NAVY DEPT.,

Richmond, September 20, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your last letter to me upon the subject of detailing men from the Army for the naval service, upon my application, was as follows:

The evil of granting details from the Army has become so serious, and the complaints of the generals so great about this evil, that it is deemed inexpedient to grant any more for the present. It is from these considerations alone, and not from the least shadow of personal or official discourtesy, that your recent applications for details from the Army to the naval service have been held in abeyance.

Concurring with you fully, I have not since asked for the detail of men, but have in a few instances informed you of special cases and left the matter to your judgment. From our conversation on yesterday, I feel at liberty to renew applications for details of workmen and for discharges of seamen, to be shipped in the naval service, and therefore request that General Finegan, of Florida, may be directed to release a few men, to be shipped in the Navy by Lieut. Commander Catesby Ap R. Jones, in command of the steamer Chattahoochee, who is endeavoring to ship a crew. One of the Florida regiments, in service at Mobile, has many seamen who are anxious to enlist in the naval service. I request that the commanding general at Mobile may be also instructed to discharge such seamen wanted for the naval service there by Admiral Buchanan as may be willing to ship in the Navy, and that General Beauregard may be directed to extend the same aid to Captain D. N. Ingraham, at Charleston.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[SEPTEMBER 20, 1862. -For Letcher to Virginia House of Delegates, giving information in regard to the execution of the act authorizing the raising of a force of 10,000 men for the defense of the Commonwealth, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 620.]

AN ACT to provide for the further issue of Treasury notes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury be and he is hereby authorized, from time to time, to issue, in addition to the bonds, certificates of stock, and Treasury notes already authorized by law, such additional amount of the same as may be required to pay the appropriations made by Congress, at its last and present sessions, to be issued under the same forms, conditions, and restrictions as are or may be provided by the first section of the act entitled "An act to provide further means for the support of the Government," approved April, eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two; the bonds and certificates of stock to be issued in preference in all cases where they can be used; and where they cannot, the deficiency to be supplied by Treasury notes.

SEC. 2. That the authority given to the Secretary of the Treasury, in the second section of an act entitled "An act to provide further

