
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 70. Richmond, September 23, 1862.

I. Non-commissioned officers and privates receiving an honorable discharge shall be entitled to transportation home on the certificate of the commandant of their company; or in case they cannot communicate with him, on their own affidavits that they went from their homes to the place of enlistment for the purpose of enlistment.

II. Applications for leaves of absence, furloughs, discharges, and transfers from persons in and about Richmond, who from sickness or other cause cannot communicate with their immediate commanding officers, will be made to Major Gen. G. W. Smith, and will not be considered by the Department except on an appeal from his decision. He will prescribe the mode of examination in cases from his decision. He will prescribe the mode of examination in cases of alleged physical disability, and will submit to the Department applications for transfer to and from troops not under his command.

III. Commanding officers are directed and will be required to examine promptly the returns of their commissaries, whether the issues were made by direction of their predecessors in command or under their own direction.

IV. Applicants for the rank of captain of artillery in the Ordnance Department, in addition to the subject mentioned in paragraph I, General Orders, No. 68, current series, will be examination upon the elements of algebra, plane trigonometry, mechanics, and chemistry as applicable to projectiles and ordnance.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF FLORIDA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, September 23, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: Your esteemed favor of the-instant was received by due course of mail, and it afforded me much pleasure to know that you appreciated the efforts which I have made to sustain you administration of the Government in the maintenance of the war and its general policy. You are apprised that in Florida a very large minority were opposed to secession, and in many parts of the State combinations existed to adhere to and maintain the United States Government, and even now in some portions of the State there are men who would eagerly seize any opportunity that promised success to the United States. The success of our arms has reduced very considerably the large number of Unionists. Frankness, nevertheless, requires me to say that in some instances the enforcement of the conscript act has had a most unhappy effect, and chiefly because of the order which requires invalids to be brought to the camp of instructions for examination. Those capable of rendering military service had generally been brought into service. I have no idea there will be 300 able-been brought into service. I have no idea there will be 300 able-bodied men obtained by the act. The great majority now in camps are invalids; never will be able to render efficient service upon the field, in hospitals, or in any of the departments of the Government, and at home would be of some service in taking care of the comforting women and children. The camp of instruction has more the

