
last six weeks have been upon our coast without having made a bushel of salt, dodging from place to place to avoid being made conscripts, and any that they would rather die than to be disgraced by being made conscripts, and doubtless would as willingly be hung as traitors as die in battle vindicating the rights of freemen. No man should be exempt form military service for his private benefit, and foreigners residing and doing business within the Confederate States should not be exempt in this war, as they are preying upon the necessities of the people and making gain thereby. Instead of a conscript act, or an act drafting men, the law should require all men capable of bearing arms to maintain the Government of the Confederate States pending the war with the United States, and the brave men of the South will soon conquer the enemy and command the high consideration of foreign nations, and thus secure, by suitable treaties regulating commerce, what shall be necessary to our enjoyments.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

CIRCULAR.] CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 24, 1862.

Medical directors and purveyors are herein required to cause to be made, by competent medical officers, an immediate and thorough examination of all nurses, ward-masters, cooks, clerks, and employees serving in their respective districts and depots, and will forward to this office without delay a report specifying the name, rank, regiment, company, and occupation of such able-bodied men of the above whose places can be filled by conscripts incapacitated for active military service, but accepted for other duty, under requirements of paragraph III, General Orders, No. 58, current series, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 224. Richmond, September 25, 1862.

* * *

II. Lieut. Colonel J. F. Gilmer, of the Engineer Corps, C. S. Army, is assigned to the charge of the Engineer Bureau.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 26, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a resolution of the Senate of the 16th instant and to say that 2,718 conscripts are reported as

