
themselves for examination by the board of officers convened by General Orders, No. 68, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, as soon as practicable.

II. Adjourned meetings of the Board will hereafter be held convenient to the headquarters of the armies in the field for the examination of officers who are acting but have not been commissioned.

III. Those who pass the examination at the present session of the Board will be arranged for appointment as captains, first and second-lieutenants, according to merit, and the appointments will be made from the head of the list.

IV. All officers on duty in the Ordnance Corps will hereafter be examined before promotion.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 26, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida, Tallahassee, Fla.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 16th instant, and have the honor to say in reply that the conscript act requires all persons liable to military duty to be enrolled, but before enrollment permits them to volunteer in companies which were in service on the 16th of April last, and the Department is not authorized to make any other disposition of them. General Orders, No. 58, has been modified by omitting the third paragraph, and only persons capable of bearing arms are now required to be enrolled.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 29, 1862.

Hon. ED. SPARROW,

Chairman Military Committee, C. S. Senate:

SIR: I inclose a copy of a letter from General Lee, and beg leave to call your attention to the necessity of providing some remedy for the evil of which he speaks. * It is to be feared that the regimental and company officers elected on the reorganization of the twelve-months; regiments are generally inferior to their predecessors, and that the efficiency of the Army will be seriously impaired unless smears are provided for summarily replacing worthless officers by better men. This may be done by traveling commissions, empowered to try officer summarily, and by conferring of the President the power of appointment, where neither promotion by seniority nor election will furnish competent officers. It is useless to increase the Army unless it can be properly officers. Numbers are only a source of weakness in a badly-organized, ill-disciplined army, and it is impossible to discipline an army without efficient regimental and company

---------------

*Not found as inclosure, but see Lee to Randolph, Series I, VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 623.

---------------

7 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

