
4. That a certificate of disability, with a recommendation for discharge, signed in due from by the Examining Board and approved by the senior surgeon of the post, shall, if the soldier is declared to be unfit for service in the field, or in any department of the Government, entitle him to his discharge, which will be signed by the commandant of the post; and in al cases where the descriptive list and final papers cannot be obtained the patient will be mustered for payment upon hospital rolls by the surgeon in charge, or his affidavit that he has not received pay for the period for which he claims it to be due, and that he is not indebted to the Confederate States Government beyond the amount stated by him.

V. IN al cases of application for furlough or discharge under the foregoing paragraph the applicant will be required to explain satisfactorily his absence from the regiment, battalion, or squadron to which he belongs.

VI. Due notice of all furloughs and discharges granted under this order will be forwarded through department commanders to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHATTANOOGA, TEN., September 20, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Any relaxation in enforcing conscript law in Tennessee will be unpolitic. No new companies should be received until old regiments are filled.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

RICHMOND, VA., September 30, 1862.

Governor I. G. HARRIS,

Chattanooga, Ten.:

I concur with you as to the paramount importance of filling up the old regiment. Cannot you give General Whitthorne 2,000 recruits and dispatch him to Virginia? The gallant Tennesseeans here are greatly reduce in numbers.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

PARIS, September 30, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Department of State, Richmond, Confederate States of America:

SIR: In my dispatch, No. 1, dated July 30, at Vichy, and transmitted through Mr. Walker Fearn, I had the honor of submitting to the Department a hurried sketch of the position and prospects of our affairs abroad. Imperfect as it was, the rapid tide of events at home and abroad have since drifted to far away from those landmarks that I deem it unnecessary to recapitulate, and now propose to exhibit the actual position in which we find ourselves to-day on the stage of European politics. It is also my duty to submit to the consideration of the proper departments several proposals of a public character

