
Jones is moving on this place, and I suppose it is his camp-fires that were seen on yesterday evening from the height above me. My loss is not so great as was supposed. I will not lose more that ten men, it seems. If we want to hold these mills we will have to bring a larger force here, as I think General Jones will make a move to-day or to-morrow, &amp;c.

From the information I have obtained, I cannot believe Jones is with a large force near here; but I am satisfied that the enemy's retreat and entire disappearing after the engagement with Colonel Love's command on the 29th ultimo was a strategic movement, either for the object of drawing out and thus cutting off a portion of my command, or to capture forage trains, as the presence of the enemy was not known nor discovered by any of the scouts or loyal citizens here, who all unanimously reported on the very day the train was sent out that no enemy was near anywhere. For reference I will give a little field skethc, showing the different roads and points of the place [where] the affair occured.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff to Major-General Schofield.

[32.]

MAY 1-SEPTEMBER 8, 1864.-The Atlanta (Georgia) Campaign.

Report of Major James W. McMullin, Seventh Iowa Infantry, of operations May 15.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH IOWA VETERAN INFANTRY,In the Field, near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Iowa Veteran Infantry in the engagement on Oostenaula River May 15, 1864:

Our gallant lieutenant-colonel, J. C. Parrott, having been quite unwell for several days, and feeling worse on the morning of the 15th of May-I regret very much that his health would not permit him to be with us-turned the command of the regiment over to me. Orders were received from Colonel E. W. Rice, commanding First Brigade, about 7 a. m., to move toward the Oostenaula River, distant some three miles. When within half a mile of the river I was ordered by Colonel E. W. Rice through you, to move by the flank into the field on the right of the road in rear of Company H, First Missouri Light Artillery, to deploy the right wing of the regiment as skirmishers, leaving the left wing, commanded by Captain Hedges, acting field, to support the battery, and move forward across the field to the river and open a brisk fire on the enemy in case he attempted to interfere with the pioneers who were laying a pontoon bridge across the river. The right wing moved in good order on the double-quick, deploying as they advanced. When they arrived at the river no enemy was in sight. Shortly after I received orders to bring up the left wing and be in readiness to cross over as soon as the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry should all be across.

---------------

* Sketch omitted.

---------------

