
be better, if the necessary troops can be spared at this time. There is not a troop stationed in our county or Prince George at this time. We therefore infer that the garrison at Point Lookout must be weak. There are a few soldiers stationed at Leonardtown, Lieutenant Denney's company. They sometimes send up four or five to Bryanttown to hunt up deserters and rebel mail carriers. I have not seen Wilson for several weeks. He is keeping dark. Grant is supposed to be thrashed to death, but has not sense enough to know it.

Yours,

DARST.

[Inclosure.]

JUNE 6, 1864-Morning.

Attached is an editorial from New York Times, Saturday, 4th. It is an Administration paper. If Sherman has been signally defeated the object may be to break the force of the intelligence when it comes. It not, then it is significant. Pope is already at Chicago with about 6,000 troops, en route, via Wheeling, to join Hunter at Winchester, from whence they are to commence a grand raid through the Valley to rob, burn, and destroy. Their forces are to be entirely subsisted on the country. The wheat crop is to be utterly destroyed, and as they pass on nothing but desolation is to be left in their track. Hunter, it is said, has 10,000 men. Grant's siege guns are aboard boats awaiting his orders, butt will not leave here till he gets nearer R. I accomplished nothing here, for two reasons: First, the doctor did not send me the watches. His wife, who was out there, says my order did not reach him. I believe it did, but he was alarmed. Spies were on his track. And, second, the first man I put to work was caught, and all became frightened.. I have remained quiet myself since, but if this thing is likely to be prolonged have employed a safe and trusty one to go for the watches and to bring from the west two or three proper persons. Such are harder to find than at first I thought. Self-preservation is all powerful when real danger comes. Several thousand slightly wounded in the late battles have been sent back to G., and all convalescents hurried to him. But few troops passing through to G. now. (Evening.) I learn from an officer just now that G. is going to change his base to James River. The siege guns started down to-day to James River.

This is surely reliable.

"X."

(From E. H. Wyvill.)

[Sub-inclosure.-From New York Times, June 4.]

THE TWO ARMIES.

The two great armies now confront each other definitely in the strip of country, some ten miles wide, that lies between the Pamunkey and the upper waters of the Chickahominy. Grant's line from Cold Harbor to Atlee's on the Central Railroad is fully seven miles in length, while Lee's we judge to be somewhat more contracted. Grant thus directly faces the rebel capital as well as the rebel army. Lee has planted himself firmly on the north bank of the Chickahominy, and the attacks that have lately been made upon his lines, as well as the assaults that he in turn has made, would seem to indicate that he is prepared either to accept or offer general battle upon his present position. The battle may be delivered by either side at any hour, but we doubt whether General Grant has found any fault with its postponement thus far or would object seriously to its postponement for a few

