
days longer. The outlying rebel forces, being all close at hand, have been enabled to join themselves very promptly to the main army under Lee, but not so with some of the bodies of troops subject to the orders of the lieutenant-general. Even at this moment we hear of a splendid body of troops, more than 1,500 miles away, in the far South, from his headquarters, hastening forward to his re-enforcement; and we hear that another body, as great a distance off in the far North, are reported coming to his aid. Steam-boats and railroads are abundant and move very rapidly, but even then, unfortunately, a good deal of time is consumed in such gigantic movements as these. Grant, with his present army, has already whipped Lee and driven him from positions of immense strength; but should he succeed in entering upon a siege of Richmond he will require a greatly superior force. In the meantime everything from the army indicates strength, confidence, and success.

[36.]

RICHMOND, June 10, 1864-6.20 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I send you last dispatch from General Beauregard. Though not explicit, I infer the enemy has withdrawn. It was no doubt a part of the force from Bermuda Hundred. From a letter dated there and published in the New York Herald of the 6th, I see only one division is there, and certainly does not exceed 3,500 effectives. We have 5,000. I send you copies of all General Beauregard's dispatches merely as matter of information.

Very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

DUNLOP'S, June 10, 1864-8.15 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Enemy's attack upon Petersburg yesterday was not a raid, but a reconnaissance, for he destroyed but little property and stated he intended to return shortly in greater force. He is reported to have retired to Permuda Hundred, over pontoon bridge, across Appomattox near Broadway.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

BLUE RIDGE TUNNEL, June 10, 1864.

General BRAGG:

I have 5,023 total effective of infantry, some of it composed of reserves and dismounted cavalry. Have organized it into two divisions under Vaughn and Wharton. Have nearly 4,000 cavalry, including McCausland, who has not yet joined me. Have organized it under Imboden and McCausland. Am getting up my artillery and ordnance as fast as possible. Enemy advanced in this direction to-day and then turned to his right, either toward Lexington or the gaps on my left. Have sent Imboden to watch him. McCausland was at Middlebrook this morning. Have ordered him to unite with Imboden, if possible. Force of enemy variously stated. By sifting intelligence, I made it 10,000 infantry and 3,500 cavalry, with full proportion of artillery.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

