
[First indorsement.]

Respectfully refereed to His Excellency the President.

It seems to me very important that this force of the enemy should be expelled from the Valley. If it could be crushed, Washington would be open to the few we might then employ.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 11, 1864.

Referred without suggestion to General Lee.

JEFF'N DAVIS

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,June 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

I acknowledge the advantage of expelling enemy from the Valley. The only difficulty with me is the means. It would [take?] one corps of this army. If it is deemed prudent to hazard the defense of Richmond, the interests involved by thus diminishing the force here, I will do so. I think this is what the enemy would desire. A victory over General Grant would also relieve our difficulties. I see no indications of his attacking me in his present position. Think he is strengthening his defenses to withdraw a portion of his force, and with the other move to the James River. to attack him here I must assault a very strong line of intrenchments and run great risk to the safety of the army.

[37.]

R. E. LEE.

FREDERICK'S HALL, June 10, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

Enemy camped last night at New Market. I am getting between him and Gordonsville. Everything going well. Have dismounted men been sent? Do telegraph to Gordonsville.

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 11, 1864 - 3 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Your telegram to move Gracie's whole brigade to south side just received, and telegraphed him. The Sixtieth Regiment is near Richmond on guard duty. Please have it sent to Gracie.

Respectfully,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Near Bottom's Bridge, June 11, 1864-5 a. m.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your notes received, the last written at 2.45 a. m. Gracie has been ordered to Beauregard. Ransom is ready to move, and will go to Chaffin's in a very short time. I have nothing to report this morning, except that a column of 1,000 men, whether cavalry or infantry not

