HEADQUARTERS,Lynchburg, June 12, 1864-4.30 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The enemy are reported at Amherst Court-House and advancing. I don't know their numbers, but am prepared for a small force.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

[37.]

LYNCHBURG, June 12, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Can you send me re-enforcements? I cannot tell the number of the enemy, but they are twelve miles distant. I fear the enemy may be stronger than the party at Arrington.

FRNCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

[37.]

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

June 13, 1864.

President J. DAVIS:

SIR: Before leaving for our homes in Louisiana we desire to call your attention to a matteer of deep iinterest to the Louisiana troops serving in Virginia. They volunteered early in the war, as the number of their regiments show. They are the First, Second, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eiighth, Ninth, Tenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth, composing the two brigades, one commanded by Brigadier-General Hays and the other by the late Brigadiier-General Stafford. They were here at the first battle of Manassas, followed the fortunes of General T. J. Jackson in his campaigns in the Valley, and have participated in all the battles fought mere skeletons, the two hardly equal to half of a regiment. We are daily appealed to by them to ask for their transfer home, where they could be recruited, but we have abstained calling upon the War Department in view of the present situation of affairs, waiting the issue of the contest between Lee and Grant. In the event of our success we respectfully request that these troops be allowed to go home with a furlough of ninety days, with recruiting orders, and to be reorganized there for service in Louisiiana. Theree years of hardships and dangers ought to entitle the few survivors of this once magnificent corps tto this small boon.

Respectfully, your obedient servants,

LUCIEN J. DUPRE.

B. L. HODGE.

D. F. KENNER.

CHS. J. VILLERE.

C. M. CONRAD.

JOHN PERKIINS, Jr.

THOS. J. SEMMES.

EDWD. SPARROW.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 5, 1864.

Secretary of War for attention.

Iit has long been desired that these gallant troops should have their wish to return to their homes and recruit gratified. The proposition

