
was some time since entertained of exchanging them for new regiments, but circumstances prevented the execution of the plan. The future must decide tthe practicability of granting this and similar requests by the troops of other States.

J. D.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS W. H. F. LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,June 13, 1864-1.30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: General Barringer sends me a dispatch dated 11.30 p. m., stating that the enemy had driven in his piskets at Long Briidge, and were reportedc to be laying down a pontoon bridge at that point. he has moved down with two of his regiments and one piece of artillery to meet him. I forward you this statement just as I receive it, and will send on at once a further report from General B[arringer] (which has been ordered) as soon as received.

Respectfully,

W. H. F. LEE,

Major-General.

The road from Seven Pines to White's Tavern has been examined and found to be practicable for artillery and wagons.

[40.]

FREDERICK'S HALL, June 13, 1864-8.20 a. m.

(Via Hanover Junction, 7 p. m., 14th.)

General R. E. LEE:

Have received your dispatch of 7 a. m. to General Hampton, and as he is absent, reply. Sheridan was defeated yesterday afternoon at Trevilian Depot by our two divisions, and retreated during the night, abandoning his dead and wounded, in the direction he came. He is reported to have crossed North Anna, going toward Waller's Tavern at daybreak this morning, baricading the road behind him. Hampton has written you more fully. I am moving along railroad toward hanover Junction, which place I will reach to-morrow. Hampton is moving between me and the North Anna, and expects to intersect my line of march at Beaver Dam. We hope to intercept the enemy as he crosses the Fredericksburg railroad.

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

[40.]

JUNE 13, [1864]-11.30 a. m.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am moving down, and shall establish a line from Grapevine Bridge by Cold Harbor, toward Gilman's Mill, &amp;c. For the present shall make my headdquarters near Gaines' Mill or Mechanicsville. I have directed Major Pickett, of Young's brigade cavalry, a squadron of not very servicieable horses, to picket in front of Meadow Bridge and

64 R R-VOL LI, PT II

