
While the regiment above mentioned was crossing in boats the pontoon bridge was constructed, and I marched zcross upon this and formed in line on the right of the road. Orders were soon received to move the Seventh Iowa forward through the timber in the direction of Fricks' house, about one-fourth of a mile distant, to feel for and engage the enemy, if not in too strong force. Companies B and F were deployed as skirmishers, under command of Captain Mahon, to cover the regiment, and moved forward, the regiment conforming to their movements. When within a short distance of the house the skirmishers' line encountered a large force of the enemy, and receiving a heavy fire fell back gradually and in good order to the regiment for support, the regiment moving forward cautiously the while, till they, too, came upon a brigade of the enemy, and opened a brisk fire and received one in return. Here the enthusiasm was intense, the men rushing forward, cheering as they charged. About this time I received orders to fall back gradually, but found much difficulty in communicating this order amidst the heavy firing and loiud cheering. Accordingly the line pushed forward until they enemy was routed and the firing in a measure ceased. The whole line now fell back a lkittle, where it remained till ordered to fall back to the river.

It affords me great pleasure to say that the conduct of officers and men, with a very few exceptions, was unexceptionable, the recruits exhibiting the coolness and ocurage of veterans. The following are the names of commissioned officers of the regiment present and absent: Colonel Elliott W. Rice, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth ARmy Corps; Lieutenant Colonel James C. Parrott, sick in field hospital; Major J. W. McCMullin, commanding the regiment; Quartermaster C. H. Trott, present; D. T. Bowler, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, Second Division, on the field; Surg. J. Everingham, on operating board; Asst. Surg. John Ashton, on the field; Captain W. W. De Heus, dtached on General Dodge's staff; Captain R. G. Reineger, commanding detachment, left at Propsect, Teen.; Captain G. J. Bennett, present; Captain Ben. B. Gale, present; Captain T. L. Montgomery, present; Captain C. F. Conn, present; Captain Benj. S. Barbour, present; Captain Samuel Mahon, present; Captain J. F. Warner, absent on leave of absence in Iowa; Captain C. Hadges, present; First Lieutenant A. W. Springer, present; First Lieutenant S. P. Folsom, present; First Lieutenant W. H. Berkey, present, commanding Company G; First Lieutenant J. B. Morrison, present, aide-de-camp, First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps; First Lieutenant J. L. Bess, detailed in pioneer corps; First Lieutenant C. D. Dillin, prisoner of war at Richmond; First Lieutenant T. N. Barnes, aide-de-camp to General Lauman; First Lieutenant R. N. Graham, present; First Lieutenant F. A. Irwin, detailed in signal corps; First Lieutenant M. Wightman, present; Second Lieutenant Thomas. W. Eichelberger, absent, commanding detachment at tunnel Trestle; Second Lieutenant H. I. Smith, present; Second Lieutenant S. Helmick, present; Second Lieutenant John McCormick, present; Second Lieutenant Charles J. Sergent, present; Second Lieutenant W. Camp, absent, complained of being sick; Second Lieutenant T. Spence, present, Exceptions: Thomas Tredick, Company C, fell back demoralized during the fight. Corpl. Nicholas Gross, Company D, color guard, cowardly deserted his post. Private William H. Wortman, Company F, behaved well till ordered back, then deserted his post and was not seen till evening. Private David Yates, Company K, deserted his post and has not since returned. With these few exceptions officers and men are entitled to great credit. Number engaged: Commissioned officers, 21; enlisted

