
These works and their continued operation are of so much importance to the State and country, that they should be kept up, even if a military force be necessay for their protection. I understant that General Whiting's order is based on the allegation that the raid of the enemy in April last on these wordk, in which some fifty conscript operatioves were captured was no loss, that the men were disaffected, and had been trading with the enemy. These facts are deniied by the superintendent of works, and, if true, the evil could have been corrected by a proper military police, or by reporting them to the Governor of the State. In no view of them can they justify the order issued to discontinue the State's efforts to furnish her people with an article so necessary to their wants, the supply of which from other sources is becoming every day more restricted. The Governor of the State is absent from Raleigh, and that alone can accouut for your not having received from him a remonstrance against the order in question. Please give this your early consideration and inform me of your conclusion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GRAHAM.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 15, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

For reference to Major-General Whiting.

The reference is made that Major-General Whiting may submit such explanations and remarks as may be necessary.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Acting Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 4, 1864.

Respectfully referred through General Lee to Major-General Whiting, whose attention is invited to indorsement of Secretary of War.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

RALEIGH, June 8, 1864.

Governor GRAHAM,

Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: On the 21st of April a party of sailors crossed the sound in boats, burned some of the shanties, stables, &amp;c., belonging to the State salt-works, and captured and carried off forty-seven of the hands. My son, D. G. Worth, is salt commissioner. He writes me that the damage done amounted to about $10,000. The party departed in such hastse, fearing an attack, that the damage was comparatively small and has been repaired. On the next day General Whiting had a notice served on him in the following words:

The major-general commanding directs that the State salt-works will no longer be carried on, on Mason borough Sound. That if it is necessary for the works to be continued you will move them to such a point on the Cape Fear River as the commanding general may select.

JAS. H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

