
My son communicated this order immediately to Governor Vance, stating that there was no place on the Cape Fear where the works could be carried on with success, and consequently that obedience to the order amounted to an abandonment of the words. On the 27th of April the Governor replied, directing him to continue the work where he was, and at the ssame time he wrote to General Whiting, asking him by what authority and for what reason he had issued the aforesaid order. My son, supposing that he would not be interupted, went on with the work and continued to produce it at a cost of one-half the market prices. There are a large number of mules, wagons, &amp;c., belonging to the State. The [boats] near the coast having been used up, individuals will not hazard the expense of making flats, and little salt is now made by individual enterprise. If the Virginia works shall not be captured and should produce eneough it could not be distributed for want of transportation. The works can be immediatelyclosed and reimburse all the money the State has advanced, and has supplied salt at prices saving $600,000 to consumers. I know not what my son will do, but supposse he will decline to remove the works until the Governor can be heard from, and in the meantime may be put under military arrest. Whether you can do anything to arrest this high-ganded proceeding I know not, but I have thought it expedient to apprise you of the facts. Ii am more beset with the difficulties of managing the trasure than I ever have been, and consideriing the cares and responsibilities of my position and that mys salary will not supply half a bushel of corn per day, I do not feel over comfortable.

Yours, very truly,

JONATHAN WORTH.

[36.]

SWIFT CREEK,

June 14, 1864-6.45 p. m. (Via Richmond.)

General R. E. LEE:

Observers on river report passage up yesterday and to-day of several steamers loaded with troops; also large fleet of transports, &c., at Newport News. Obseerver at Boykin reports return of pontoon and pontoon trains which passed down few days since, but the one at Coggins' Point says they have not repassed there, suggestiing they have gone up Chickahominy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[40.]

JUNE 14, 1864-4.30 a. m.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I arrived at South Anna River yesterday afternoon, having come the road by Yellow Tavern and Ground Squirrel Church. I mada a long route, but we are getting on well. Some men and a lieutenant from Fittz. Lee's cavalry report that he had captured on Ssturdady 200 prisoners and 6 pieces of artillery from 'Sheridan, and there was a report that Hampton had captured 300 prisoners. I hope these reports are true. The enemy's cavalry is reported at or near Louisa Court-House, with Fitz. Lee on this side and Hampton on the side next to Charlottesville. I think it better to go by Louisa Court-House and try and smash up Sheridan and then turn off to Charlottesville. While

