
all day in large boats, eighteen in number crrying troops and landing aup the Appomattox. They say they did not land at City Point, nor above here. They passed higher up than Bermuda Hundred, form the information they have. They state that the boats returned very soon after passing City Point. This dispatch is forwarded directly, not knowing as yet where General W. H. F. Lee has established his quarters. William H. Tolman is the scout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. W. GARY,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I have just received reports from my picket that the cavalry are advancing and have passed Nance's Shop, the picket falling back towart Riddell's Shop.

M. W. G.,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

[40.]

NANCE'S SHOP, June 14, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR:

I have the honor to report that I have arrived at this place. Have not met the enemy or seen anything but a few stragglers of the enemy. I will send scouts to Ford's Bridge and remain at Sycamore Church until I receive orders from you or General W. H. F. Lee, who is two miles below Sycamore Church, I understand at Salem Church.

M. W. GARY,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

[40.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Fork of the Road to Long Bridge and Nance's Shop, June 14, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I found a picket of cavalry at the fork of the Long Bridge and Nance's Shop roads. I have sent forward a squadron on both roads to develop their force. They have shown a small force on the Long Bridge road.

Your obedient servant,

M. W. GARY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

[40.]
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA CAVALRY,Willis' Church, June 14, [1864]-3 a. m.

Major BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: My scouts report that the enemy's wagon train has been passing Smith's Store, running on the Charles City road, from the direction of Riddell's toward Nance's Shop from an hour before sunset up to an hour and a half ago and was still passing when they left. The Yankees had a picket just this siede of Mrs. Minson's, on the road leading from Smith's Store to Crenshaw's. Tthis picket had been withdrawn. In talking with Mrs. Minson Yankees said they were moving toward the river.

Very respectfully,

W. T. ROBINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

