
holding was equally good as the old line, and wrote to General Peckett not to make the attack, but happily my note was too late to stop the impetuous attack of his men. Field followed up the attack with promptness, and the works were speedily recovered in the manner which you proposed. Everything shall be done to restore and strengthen the line.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-General.

[40.]

JUNE 17, 1864-10.20 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I wrote you from Wilcox's, but, as the note may have miscarried, I write again. My advance went as far as Wyanoke Gate, meeting with no pickets. Grant's entire army is across the river. His cavalry crossed about 3 p. m. to-day. His pontoon bridge is yet down at Wyanoke. Some twenty or thirty prisoners, of different corps, were captured. Captain McGregor very handsomely shelled a wagon camp on the south side and some transports in the river. He was retired, owing to the advance of several gun boats.

Respectfully,

W. H. F. LEE,

Major-General.

[40.]

LYNCHBURG, June 17, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

Arrived here at 1 p. m. with sufficient troops to make all safe. Hunter's force is all east of the mountains and his main body is between here and New London. He is reported advancing on this place. General Breckinridge is so disabled from injury to old wound as to be unable to ride, and he thinks he will be so for several days, and at his request I ask that General D. H. Hill, who is here, be assigned to temporary command of Breckinridge's troops. It is of the utmost importance to have another commander than the senior brigadier. Answer at once.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

[37.]

RICHMOND, June 18, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

Colonel Rives has furnished tools and material to meet requisition of railroad company and Captain Robinson reports inefficient number of laborers at this end of break in the track. He was endeavoring to get labor at Petersburg to repair the break from this end of the break. Will send in the morning to president of railroad, and use all other means to expedite repair of road.

JEFF'N DAVIS

[40.]

