
JUNE 18, [1864]-10.30 a. m.

Colonel VENABLE,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your dispatch of this morning received. I can hear of Sheridan no where near Pamunkey. Expect to hear from General Hampton during the day. I was expecting to co-operate with him when he crossed the Pamunkey. From what I can learn now Sheridan was in King and Queen on yesterday. A party of sixty-eight passed through Newtown, saying they were cut off and were making their way over toward Gloucester. Shall I move, as directed, now, or await further from Geneal Hampton? I have out men to communicate with Hampton.

Respectfully,

J. R. CHAMBLISS,

Brigadier-General.

I answered telegram of General Lee's this morning.

[40.]

HEADDQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF RICHMOND,

June 18, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary:

COLONEL: In reply to yours of this date I have the honor to state that the Washington Artillery has been moved to the south siede in pursuance of dicections from General R. E. Lee. Carters' two battalions from the Army of Northern Virginia have supplied the place of the Washington Artillery, and are supported by Gary's brigade of cavalry of this department and Chambliss' brigade of the Army of Northern Virginia. Instructions have been given to have the landings at Harrison's and Wilcox's destroyed. Information reached me to-day that 200 negroes and a considerable amount of stores had been left by the enemy at the White House protected by a guard of about 1,000 men. Directions have been given Colonel Gary to inform the commanding officer of the cavalry on the other siede of the Chickahominy, so that prompt steps may be taken to destroy or capture the wagons and stores if there as represented. The disposition of the artillery and cavalry on the Chickahominy has been made under the immediate orderes of General Lee.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[40.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING:

(Through General Beauregard.)

GENERAL: In response to your communication of the 2nd instant relating to disloyal persons residing on the sound and requesting instructions, I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the power of the military commander applies to remove these persons from their homes to a place in which they will not do mischief if there were actual operations going on in that portion of his department and it was necessary, but in the absence of such operations the better mode

