
of proceeding would be to call in the civil authorities by making a specific charge against them that they were holding intercourse with the enemy or rendering to them aid and comfort and obtaining their judgment upon the matters charged. Any intercourse with persons of the description mentioned in the communication involves a responsibility upon the part of the officer doing it, and any action must rest not upon suspicion or surmise, but upon well-authenticated facts to be supported. If there be such facts the general would be justified in imposing such restraints as would prevent mishceif. This, however, does not extend to sending them form the country.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[40.]
HEADQUARTERS,Dunn's House, June 19, 1864-7.30 a. m.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: A heavy column of infantry is passing on the opposite side of the river. Four regiments have passed and the fifth is passing now. I think, though don't know positively, that they crossed the pontoon bridge.

Very respectfully,

JOEL R. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, &c.

[40.]
HDQRS. SIXTY-SECOND Georgia REGIMENT CAVALRY,June 19, 1864.

Major C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A column of eighteen regiments enemy's infantry and twelve to fifteen pieces artillery has passed toward Petersburg and are still passing. Enemy threw up a breast-work near white house about Port Walthall, in front of my lines last night. The above force crossed from this side on pontoon we think.

Respectfully,

JOEL R. GRIFFIN,

Colonel Soxty-second Georgia Regiment Cavalry.

[40.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,June 19, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: There are two battalions of artillery under Colonel Carter along the line of the Chickahominy left there by General R. E. Lee. I have informed General Hampton of this, and requested him to send a cavalry escort to take charge of the batteries that will be sent to his assisstance, as I have no support to send with them; the locals and reserves being at Chaffin's Bluff by General Lee's ordere. I will notify Colonel Carter that General Hampton will call in him at Bottom's Bridge for one or ttwo batteries, and Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton will be ordered to send two batteries to that point, to be ready either to

