
division. The enemy attacked at dark, principally on Harris' brigade, and were repulsed. As soon as the wounded are collected and taken off, the troops will be retired to their old positions, except Kirkland's, which I retain here.

A. P. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

[40.]

JUNE 22, 1864-7.20 p. m.

[General A. P. HILL?:]

GENERAL: Your note received. Have pushed the enemy back for morre than a mile to his trenches on the plank road, where I find he is strongly fortified. We are within 300 or 400 yards of the plank road, occupying his trenches parallel to our works. Here I found it necessary to pause for reorganization and asignment. In the meantime the enemy has recovered himself somewhat, and has now made several assaults, feeble, upon our position. We hae taken four pieces artillery (3-inch rifles), large number of small arms and tools. The inspector reports number of prisoners so far receiv ed, 1,600 and more. General Wilcox is noe behind me, but it is too late to push farther. Besides, a change of programme of mode of attack would be necessary. Do not think the position wo occupy desirable to hold.

E. MAHONE.

[40.]

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, June 22, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Position and numbers of enemy unchanged in my front. The pontoon is defended by an inclosed work and two gun-boats. I think his object in crossing and fortifying is to prevent our occupying the position. Unless very essential I think it would not be prudent to the remove Davis and Cooke now. My left rests on New Market Hill, thence up New Market road, leaving the New Market road at or near McCoull's, extending toward da Mr. Aiken's. I did not think it prudent to attack the enemy to-day. I could not have held the position on account of the gun-boats. Colonel Cartere could find no position from which he could accomplish anything. Since writing the above General Ewell has requested me to say that he has been ordered by General Bragg to send the Sixtieth Alabama Regiment and a battalion of 500 men from Colonel Pemberton's command. These troops now occupy New Market Hill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.

[40.]

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, June 22, [1864].

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR:

COLONEL: The following dispatch has just been received:

The pickets report the Yankees have been steady crossing at Sweeney's during this evening, mostly cavalry. They can be heard plainly talking, &amp;c.

M. W. GARY,

Colonel, Commanding.

H. HETH,

Major-General.

[40.]

