
object I have discharged the reserves. Morgan is about Abingdon or the salt-works, and if he is ordered to collect all the troops in that country and watch Averell's cavalry, I think but little damage is to be apprehended from Hunter. The telegraph is open from Salen westt, and at last accounts from Hunter. The telegraph is opoen from Salem west, and at last accounts from Lynchburg to Liberty, and ought to be repaired to Salem by this time. If you can continue to thereaten Grantt I hope to be able to do something for your relief and the success of our cause shortly. I shall lose no time.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

[37.]

GREENSBOROUGH, GUILFORD COUNTY, N. C., July 1, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: On my arrival at this place four or five days ago I found the enemy had destroyed a part of the Richmond and Danville Railroad south of Burkeville. To aid in making the repairs vital to the working of the road and the supply of General Lee's army, I sent Lieutenant Colonel John J. Calrke, engineer, to Charlotte, N. C., with orders to remove iron from the Charlotte and Statesville road and forward it to Danville, the same being a military necessity. The working partiies have been organized by Colonel Clarke, and the work will be pressed as rapidly as the means at hand will permit. Under my instructtions Colonel Clarke and Capt E. T. D. Myers, engineers, will do all in their power to forward the repairs on the Richmond and Danville Railroad. Both of these officers are now on the road near the break to give professional assistance. In the meantime as many wagons and teams as possible should be put on the break to haul forward the supplies most needed by the army. Major J. N. Edmondston, inspector of field transportation aat this place, has been very successful in his efforts to collect draft aniimals in this region of country for artillery and transportataion purposes (over 500), which he is forwarding as rapidly as possible to Clarksvile, Va., subject to the orders of Major George Johnston, chief inspector field transportation at Richmond. If these animals or a part of them can be spared for hanling across the break in the road, they will be near the point when at Clarksville. I fear it will require from twenty-five to thirty days to get the cars running through. At present supplies will have to be hauled about twenty-five miles, but the road is reported good. I suffer much from the condition of my eyes, but I will proceed to Richmond as soon as I think I can be of any service in the bureau or elsewhere. While I will do all that is possible to renew the connections now broken and to press forward supplies, if necessary I will have all the iron taken from the Cahrlotte and Statesville Railroad and transported to Danville, Va.

I am, sir, very espectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 6, 1864.

To Quartemaster-General for attention to so much of the letter as relates to the horses sent to Clarksville, and such prompt action as he deems judicious. Return this letter.

J. A. S[EDDON,]

Secretary.

