
HEADQUAARTERS,

August 14, 1864-6.15 p. m.

General R. S. EWELL, Richmond:

I wish Hampton to return to Richmond as soon as practicable with his whole command. You must re-enforce Field from Richmond. Where do you expect them from this side?

R. E. LEE,

General.

[42.]
HEADQUARTERS,August 19, 1864-9 a. m.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: The inclosed note has just been received. General Butler carried out his orders in a very satisfactory manner, and the whole movement on the left by General Lee and himself would have been an entire success if it could have been commenced earlier. The troops in front of Lee were all cavalry, I think, and as no infantry prisoners were taken, I am of opinion that Grant has moved a part of his force back to Petersburg. I am expecting scouts in, and they will give some information on this point, I trust. I shall make some changes on the line to right of Charles City road, and I will be found there to-day. Butler has been ordered to move to the position occupied by General Lee.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,August 18, 1864.

Major-General HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your instructions I was in position to attack the enemy on the New Market and Long Bridge road at 11 a. m., but did not hear the appointed signal until about 5 p. m. I moved up at that time and drove the enemy to Riddel's Shop, where you had ordered me to halt and informed me that there I would effect a juncttion with General W. H. F. Lee's division. I waited until 9 p. m., and received your order to return to camp. Twenty-nine prisoners were captured, including three commissioned officers-two captains and a lieutenant. The prisoners were from the Second and Thirteenth Pennsylvania and First Massachusets Cavalry, Gragg's cavalry division. Colonel Dulany moved about one mile and a half in the direction of New Market and was driving the enemy, when I ordered him to return and take position on the right of Young's brigade at Riddell's Shop. He had crossed the Charles City road some distance above the shop. I will report casualties to-morrow. They are however, few-1 killed and 4 or 5 wounded.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. C. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[42.]

FISHER'S HOUSE, August 19, [1864]-2 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: By a mistake made by my guide yesterday I got to White Oak bridge just before sunset, and it was dark before I met the enemy.

