
report (as yet incomplete from some necessary numerical and other data) of the action of the 24th and 25th at Fort Fisher:

[Extract.]

This gallant and successful resistance is entirely due to the untiring energy, the deauntless resolution and brilliant courage of Colonel William Lamb of the Thirty-sixth, devotedly supported by men that know him and will fight for him anywhere. His through knowledge of the post, its approaches, the skill displayed in his constructions, and his remarkable practical resources have brought their best-fruits in the confidence of the men and his commanders, and in the result as shown, and there only remains that his services should be suitably acknowledge.

The above is but a feeble expression of my sense of what Colonel Lamb has done, not on this occasion alone, but during the three years he has so faithfully labored at this post. To him is due a large amount of properly saved, by great courage and exertion, many successful repulses of the enemy at heavy odds, and much of the confidence with which foreign vessels run so boldly for his guns. I beg the President to confer upon him the rank of brigadier-general of artillery, in which department he has few equals. I hope, if this is granted, he will be retained here. He cannot be spared from the important command he has graced.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[42.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 1, 1865.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

I forward to day a letter from General Custis Lee, upon the condition, &c., of the command at Chaffin's farm. This command, like many others of our army, seems to be sadly in need of organization. I desire to call your particular attention to the subject, and to renew my request that you will take the matter in hand as early as possible. We have but about three months left us for this work, and we should leave nothing undone which may tend to improve the efficiency of our armies. Our formidable enemy seems encouraged at his great recent successes, and seems now to be making extraordinary exertions with the hope of speedy termination of the war. I believe that we are better able to cope with him now than we have ever been, if we will profit by our experience and exert ourselves properly in improving our organizations.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

[46.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 17, 1865.

His Excellency WILLIAM SMITH,

Governor of Virginia:

DEAR SIR: The General Assembly of this State at its recent session passed the following resolution and directed me to notify you of its adoption: "Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be directed to notify the Governor of Virginia forthwtih that the conduct of the authorities of Virginia in diverting to the use of the latter one engine and two trains of cars, hired to this State for the transportation of salt from Saltville to Danville, is regarded by the General Assembly now in session as a serious departure from the courtesy of States and as an act of mischief and injury to the people of North Carolina." In communi-

