
Report of Major Francis L. Cramer, First Alabama Cavalry (Union), of operations August 11-15.

CAMP OF THE FIRST ALABAMA CAVALRY,

Near Rome, Ga., August 15, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition of 200 men of this regiment ordered to proceed toward Jacksonville, Ala., via Cave Spring, for information, &amp;c.:

Left camp at 3 p. m. on the 11th instant and proceeded without inicdent to Cave Spring and camped for the night. On the 12th we marched to Cedartown, from there taking the jacksonville road to within twenty miles of that place, when, having ascertained that the force of the enemy near Jacksonville and Blue Mountain was from 1,200 to 1,400, and that they were gathering all the force they could in my rear, I moved to the left across the Dug Down Mountains toward Tallapoosa, near which place we camped for the night. During this day's march we found that our approach had been heralded by couriers and citizens from two to six hours of our advance in every direction. The next morning we moved into Tallapoosa, where we captured six prisoners belonging to Robinson's scouts, destroyed a quantity of corn and wheat that had been collected for the Confederate Government, also burned a steam cotton factory. From Tallapoosa we moved east to Buchanan, near which place we destroyed forty-eight sacks of flour (196 pounds to the sack), a quantity of wheat and salt belonging to the Confederate army. From Buchanan we moved north toward Van Wert. Soon after the noon halt our rear guard was attacked by a squad of cavalry, but were easily driven back. We camped for the night five miles west of Van Wert. The next morning we marched for Rome, where we arrived at 2 p. m. 15th instant. We ascertained that Clanton's brigade was stationed at Blue Mountain to recruit their stock, to conscript, catch deserters, and watch for raiding parties from the Federal lines. Prisoners brought in, twelve.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

F. L CLAMER,

Major, First Alabama Cavalry.

Lieutenant T. W. LETTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

Report of Major David A. Briggs, Second Indiana Cavalry.*
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INDIANA CAVALRY,August 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report following result of the expedition under my command to Jasper:

With detachments of the First Wisconsin, Fourth Indiana, and Second Indiana Cavalry, numbering 235 men, I rpcoeeded on the old Tennessee road fourteen miles, thence on the Pine Log road three miles to the Pine Log and Cassville road. Here I learned that a force of rebels, consisting of one brigade, under command of General Hannon, and two pieces of artillery, had moved out from Jasper oin the Adairsville road in the direction of Calhoun and Resaca; also that one brigade had gone in the direction of the rolling-mills on the Etowah River. I thought,

---------------

*See also VOL. XXXVIII, Part II, p. 785.

---------------

