
point with its circle of supply be lsot, the problem of army subsistence becomes to the last degree uncertain. I ask that due stress be given to this consideration in uisng my report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. M. ST. JOHN,

Commissary-General.

[46.]

[Additional inclosure to Bell Smith to the President of the Confederate States, VOL. XLVI, Part III, PAGE 1315.]

Joint resolutions in relation to the employment of slaves and free negroes as soldiers or otherwise for the public defense.

Resolved, That the General Assembly of Virginia do hereby authorize the Confederate authorities to call upon Virginia, through the Governor of the Commonwealth, for all hera able bodied male free negores between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, and as many of her able-bodied male slaves between the ages aforesaid, as may be deemed necessary for the public defense, not exceeding twenty-five per centum of said slaves, to be called for on the requisition of the General-in-Chief of the Confederate Armies, as he may deem most expedient for the public service.

Resolved, That whenever such call is made it shall be properly apportioned among the different counties and corporations of the Commonwealth, according to the number of male slaves between the ages of eighteen and forty-five in said counties and coporations, so that not more than one slave in every four between the ages indicated shall be taken from any one owner.

Resolved, That our senators are hereby instructed and our representatives requested to vote for the passage of a law to place at the disposal of the Confederate authorities as many of the male slaves and free negroes in the Confederate States of America between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, not exceeding twenty-five per centum of such slaves, as are necessary for the public defense, to be called for on the requisition of the President, or General-in-Chief of our armeis, in such numbers as he shall deem best for the public service, each State furnishing its proper quota according to its slave population. But nothing in the foregoing resolutions shall be construed into a restriction upon the President or General-in-Chief of the Confederate army, or a prohibition to the employment of the slaves and free negroes for the public defense in such manner, as soldiers or otherwise, as the General-in-Chief may deem most expedient.

A copy from the rolls.

Adopted March 4, 1865.

WM. F. GORDON,

Clerk House of Delegates.

[46.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] LYNCHBURG, April 9, 1865.

DEAR HART: General Lomax desires that you will have all private property of any value in our headquarters wagons stored in private houses with parties who are willing to take it. Thigs are mighty bad looking. General Lee was last night twenty-two miles from here; Grant as near. The two armeis on opposite sides of the railroad are moving this way. General Lomax wishes you to have his desk put away, or

