
from instructions I had, that I had gone as far as was prudent. After receiving the second order I moved on the Jasper road to within seven miles of the town. Hearing of a force of rebels geing in the town, I supposed the cattle that had been captured were there. Chanigng my course, I proceeded around the town and came to within seven miles of Jasper, but in the rear of the town and on the old Federal road. Here I found the cattle had not been sent back to Jasper, and also learned that General Wheeler had moved with a large force and eight pieces of artillery in the direction of Resaca and Dalton. Rumor said Wheeler had from 10,000 to 15,000 men under his command, but I judged he had not more than 5,000 or 7,000. He moved his command on three roads from jasper, leaving a rear guard at the town of about 600. Not deeming it purdent for me to follow him up any farther, and my horses being nearly worn out, I returned to Cartersville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID A. BRIGGS,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

[38.]

Report of Captain John P. Cummings, Third Kentucky Cavalry.

CALHOUN, GA., July 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that the expedition sent under my command to Pickets County, Ga., has been entirely sucessful.

The result was that we killed 8 of Jordan's men, wounded 4, and took 5 prisoners. Among the killed was a man by the name of Muckelroy. He was formerly a captain in Michigan regiment, U. S. Volunteers, but had been dismissed the service and turned traitor. Among the wounded was the guearrilla chief, B. F. Jordan, slightly in the shoulder. I captured 20 guns and 8 pistols; also 8 horses, 12 mules, and 1 wagon. I also organized a home-gaurd company of 125 men in Jasper, and on my return brought out with me a large number of families, who willingly gave up all they had to escape rebeldom. The officers and men of my command behaved most gallantly during the entire expedition.

JOHN P. CUMMINGS,

Captain, Commanding Expedition, Third Kentucky Cavalry.

Colonel E. H. MURRAY,

Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Volunteers.

[38.]

Report of Captain John A. P. Glore, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.

CAMP FIFTH Kentucky CAVALRY,

Chattanooga, Tenn., May 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the report of a scout made by a detachment of 150 men from this regiment:

In accordance with instructions I proceeded to the head oif McLemore's Cove and Broomtown Valley via Winston's and Neal's Gaps; captured a lieutenant and eight men of Allison's scouts, who were sent to picket and scout in vicinity of the latter-named gap. I scouted the country within two miles of Alpine and Summerville. On my return through Broomtown Valley I drove out and dispersed a regiment

