
of rebel cavalry. They were stationed on Duck Creek, ten miles south of La Fayette, for the purpose of grazing their stock. Returned to Chattanooga via Blue Bird Gap and McLemore's Cove. One of my wagons broke down and I was compelled to leave it. The only force I knew of in the valley was the regiment above mentioned and eighty men known as Glover's Scouts. I received information that there was to be a brigade in the valley the day I left. Heard of no other force moving in the direction of Chattanooga.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. P. GLORE,

Captain Company E, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Chief of Cavalry.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH Kentucky CAVALRY,Adairsville, Ga., May 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with suggestion that the conduct of Captain Glore and his detachment is worthy of commendation.

O. L. BALDWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Adairsville, Ga., May 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel Third Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

[38.]

Report of Lieutenant Trumbull D. Griffin, Chicago Board of Trade Battery, of operations July 22.
HEADQUARTERS CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE BATTERY,In the Field, near Decatur, Ga., July 26, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken byt wo sections of the Chicago Board of Trade Battery under my command on the afternoon of the 22nd instant:

On the evening of the 21st I was directed by Captain Teetor, of General Garrard's staff, to report to Colonel J. W. Sprague, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, at Decatur, and recruit the horses of my detachment of the battery and await the return to this point oif the Second Cavalry Division, to which the battery is attached. I accordingly reported to Colonel Sprague, commanding the brigade stationed at Decatur, and was oirdered by him to go into camp on the crest of a hill south of the court-house and on the north side of the railroad track, which brought me in rear of two regiments of infantry and a section of the Third Michigan Artillery, and having one regiment of infantry on my right flank, where I remained until the afternoon of the 22nd instant. About 1 p. m. my attention was called to the fact that infantry and artillery were moving across the road in front, evidently for the purpose of forming in line of battle. I immediately proceeded to the front to ascertain the cause and there found Colonel Sprague. Upon inquiry the colonel informed me he

