
seriously. I captured and brought over 4 horses and 1 mule; also 6 guns. I had ordered demonstrations to be made at Limestone Point and Gillsport to perplex the enemy, which were entirely successful. A few men crossed at Gillsport, but meeting a squad of cavalry were compelled to return. Fifteen crossed at Limestone Point and succeeded in procuring forage and retiring without loss before a superior force. I inclose herewith the report of Lieutenant Kierstaed, commanding at that point, having already forwarded to Captain Bowman, district inspector, a copy of the jouranl pertaiing to the main column under my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. WADE,

Major Seventy-third Indiana Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

LIMESTONE POINT, ALA., July 30, 1864.

SIR: The scouting party from this post crossed the river about 2 o'clock yesterday morning. They first went to General Garth's and got about sixty bushels of corn, for which they gave vouchers. They then went farther in the country, and scouted till about 12 o'clock, when they came back to General Garth's and were attacked by a party of rebels, about firty or sixty in number, and were forced back to the landing opposite Limestone Point, where they killed a beef, but the owner got no receitp for it. They then crossed the river, fell in line of battle, and found they had lost two men. In about two hours' time I sent a scout over the river and found the rebels had gone. I then sent the same scouting party back to of ind those two men they lost, if possible. They soon found one of them returning to the rive, r and reutnred without the other one, but about 5 p. m. he was seen coming to camp on this side of the river, so there were none hurt from this post. It is supposed that there were three or four of the rebles killed or wounded, as they were see to fall from their horses, one of them the commander of the rebels force. If they wee not shot they were not very good horsemen. Company G sent some contrabands here from their post yesterday, eight or ten in number. Shall I report them to Triana, or will I keep them (the men) to clear out the river-bank?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. KIERSTEAD,

Lieutenant, Commanding at Limestone.

Major A. B. WADE,

Seventy-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

[39.]

AUGUST 2.23, 1864.-Operations in Mobile Bay, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant William S. Sizer, Signal Corps, U. S. Army,

FORT GAINES, ALA., August 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of duty performed by the detachment of the Signal Corps, U. S. Army, under my command, from August 3 to August 10, 1864:

On the morning of the 3rd I reported to Colonel A. J. Myer on board the steamer Laura, then lying with the transport fleet opposite Petit Bois

