
meet Morgan, and go with him into Middle Tennessee or Kentucky. They also said that they did not watn either Cleveland or this place.

Lieutenant Marshman, who was some miles south of Athens on Tuesday night, reports that one brigade was engaged in seizing horses and beef-cattle and sending them off through the mountains to Hood's army.

I have the honor to state, also, that every officer and man of this command did his whole duty. The only trouble I had with them was keeping them from going out and attacking the enemy at every point where they could hear of them.

I am also under great obligations to Colonel Byrd, First Tennessee Infantry; Lieutenant Coburn, First North Carolina; Lieutenant Hale, ---- Tennessee, and Mr. Williams, citizen scout, for important aid and assitance.

No casualties in this command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. EWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery.

Lieutenant W. S. BRADFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Ohio Heavy Artillery.

[39.]

AUGUST 25, 1864.-Skirmish at Bullitt's Bayou, Miss.

Report of Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., August 27, 1864.

SIR: About 300 rebels having appeared near Bullitt's Bayou, I sent out on Thursday night (25th) three detachments in different directions to inclose them. Success was not complete in consequence of incorrect information as tot he camp of the enemy. We, however, fell upon them, killed 2, captured 9, took 35 horses, about 40 small-arms, a number of pistols, together with a large quantity of blankets, camp stuff, and clothing, the rebels being suddenly attacked and fleeing sans culotte. No loss was sustained on our side.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg, Miss.

[39.]

SEPTEMBER 10, 1864.-Affair at Campbellton, Ga.

Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I regret to report that a most unfortunate affair occurred yesterday one mile beyond Campbellton. Seventy mounted and dismounted men, guard to a wagon train, were attacked by about 100 men

