
under Captain Brown, a notorious scout and bushwhacker. Seven men were killed and eleven menw ounded and captured. All the wagons came in save one. Lieutenant John L. Bomar, Second Kentucky, acted in a most disgraceful and cowardly manner. Deserted his command at the first fire and came into camp with ten men. The remainder of his men fought well; saved the wagons and lost heavily. The lieutenant is under arrest. He should be dismissed without trial. The advance-guard of the rebels, about twenty men, were in our uniform. Campbellton is an aristocratic rebel town. The citizens harbor, feed, and protect this band of scouts and spies. My picket-line is on Camp Creek and runs within one mile of Campbellton. Patrols visit the town twice every twenty-four hours, and the country is well scouted. Forage trains from infantry army corps forage outside my picket-line. These trains are accompanied by stragglers, negroes, &amp;c., who are allowed to run over the country, firing at hogs, cattle, &c., creating a continual excitement in my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of the Cumberland.

[39.]

SEPTEMBER 29-NOVEMBER 13, 1864.-Operations in North Georgia and North Alabama.

Report of Captain Walter Crook, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry.

On the 3rd day of October, 1864, the Seventy-fourth started on a campaign toward the Chattahoochee River. Encamped on the north side of the river, twelve miles from Atlanta. On the 4th started and marched ten miles. On the 5th we marched tne miles, and encamped at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 6th we moved up and encamped on the right of the Fourth Army Corps. On the 7th marched into Acworth. On the 9th marched into Kingston, and on the 12th we encamped two miles from Rome, Ga. On the 14th left Rome and marched to Calhoun, and on the 15th reached Resaca, Ga. On the 16th and 17th we crossed Rocky Face Mountain into Snake [Creek] Gap. On the 18th we marched through Ship's Gap and encamped in Chattanooga Valley. On the 19th passed through Summerville and encamped near Gaylesville, Ala. On the 21st, 22d, 23rd lay in camp. On the 24th the brigade was ordered on a scout through Chattooga Valley. On the 25th my regiment was ordered to skirmish the woods on the right of Dirt Town, but found no enemy; encamped two miles from fown. [On the] 26th marched eleven miles and went on picket. [On the] 27th we joined the division near Gaylesville, Ala. on the 28th marched to Rome, Ga., and encamped, and on the 31st was inspected and mustered. On the 1st day of November Major Fisher returned from furlough and resumed command of the regiment, when I again took command of my company.

WALTER CROOK,

Captain Commanding, Company F, Seventy-four Ohio Infantry.

[39.]

