
OCTOBER 16-NOVEMBER 10, 1864.-Forrest's raid into West Tennessee.

Report of Bvt. Major General Montgomery C. Meigs, Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

QUARTERAMSTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, November 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit copies of reports in relation to the defense of Johnsonville, Tenn., and the conduct of the organized and armed employes of the quartermaster's department therein engaged. They appar to have behaved themselves in a very creditable manner, volunteering for a dangerous service, and materially aiding the few troosp who were on duty in the defense and preservation of the depot and of that portion of the property which was saved. I trust that it may be thought proper to communicate to them some expression of the approbation of the Secretary of War. Such a recongnition would be a reward for past good conduct and an incitement to future usefulness and service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. S.-It is reported that these volunteers are now in the trenches at Nashville, co-operating with the Army of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Nashville, November 20, 1864.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

Telegram of November 19 to General Donaldson received. In absence of General Donaldson, gone East on leave, I have the hnor to report estimated losses of quartermaster's department at Johnsonville at $1,500,000, consisting of transports, barges, clothing, forage, and a small amount of quartermaster's stores. Full report from chief quartemaster there just received; been waiting for it. Will forward copy by to-day's mail. Loss not so bad as reported. Defense gallant. Quartermaster's department failed in nothing.

JAS. F. RUSLING,

Acting Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram to General Donaldson of the 19th instant, relating to losses at Johnsonville, Tenn., was received by me to-day, in the absence of the general (he having gone East on the 16th on short leave of absence), and in reply I telegraphed you a comparative estimate of our losses there (a copy herewith), and stated that I would send

