
of the enemy at that time undoubtedly were such as to render it inexpedient to detach troops from other quarters. I merely wish to elucidate the fact that the quartermaster's department did the best it could, with nothing but itself to do with, and that it deserves credit for even saving what it did. As it was, our losses will probably foot up between one and two millions. Had General Donaldson acted otherwise than he did, we certainly should have lost all we did lose and at least two or three times over, besides the destruction of several valuable and costly railroad bridges that would have inevitably resulted from even a brief abandonment the line. At rpesent all danger at Johnsonville seems over and past. The woods about the post are being cut down and the bank of the river opposite the town is being fortified so as to prevent a repetition of the cannonading, as in the last attack. We shall have ample time from present appearances to clear away the debris there and prepare for future operations. I have ordered all shipments there to cease, and our supplies are now coming freely up the Cumberland. A fortnight of heavy rains has brought the Cumberland well up-some eighteen feet of water on Harpeth Shoals-and we shall probably have plenty of water now for the remainder of the winter. While this lasts we have no use for Johnsonville, which is only of value to us when the Cumberland is down and our supplies limited. At present we are well off here for eveything essential, except forage, hay especially, and that General Allen is hurrying forward by river as fast as he can get at it. We have duplicated our estimates, where necessary, at both Louisville and cincinnati, so as to cover these losses, and we shall thus soon be all right again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

JAMES F. RUSLING,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, and

Acting Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER OF DEPOT,

Johnsonville, Tenn., ---- --, 1864.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions, I have the honor to transmit the following report in regard to the late attack upon this place by the rebel forces under command of General Forrest, together with "the object and necessity for burning the barges and transports" at our levee: The first knowledge I had of the presence of rebels on the river was by telegram from Lieutenant Colonel T. R. Weaver, commanding post at Pine Bluff, on Sunday morning, October 30, informig me that the transport Mazeppa, from Cincinnati, with a valuable cargo of 700 tons (principally clothing), was caputred and burned by the rebels on Firday, October 28, at Fort Heiman, two miles above Fort Henry, and on the opposite side of the river. Later in the day I received another telegram from same source, informing me of rebel batteeries at Fort Heiman and also at Paris Landing, four miles this side; that the gun-boat Undine (55), with the transports Cheeseman and Venus, were between the two batteries, and that they needed assistance. I immediately reported to Lieutenant Williams, of gun-boat Tawah (29), who proceeded at once down the river and engaged battery at Paris Landing, but was compelled to return without reaching the besieged boats. On Monday morning, the 31st, I received another telegram that after

