
sharpshooters, together with the batteries, they were able to accomplish but litte; an occasional shell was thrown into town at intervals during almost the entire night.

At about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 5th the rebels again opened their batteries upon the town and shelled it right vigorously for about one hour as a farewell salute, when, all hope of crossing the river in any large force having been destroyed by the destruction of they moved away, thus terminating the attack upon Johnsonville. I cannot at this time state with accuracy the whole amount of loss, yet from our most careful estimates (including the transports and barges) I am confident the loss will but little, if any, exceed $1,000,000. A board of survey will soon be called to examine into and report the whole amount oif losses sustained. The boats destroyed were the transports Mountaineer, Doane, Numbers 2, Arcola, Aurora, Duke, Goody Friends, Venus, J. B. Ford, with the barges Whale Numbers 8, U. S. 44, T. H. U. S. 57, Chickamauga, Kentucky, J. H. Doane, Eagle Coal Co. Numbers 20, U. S. 11, Josephine, Celeste, and an iron barge without a name. The large warehouse, with the engine and machinery for hositing frieght from the boats and levee, is coparatively uninjured, although a large number of shells passed through the building in all directions. To the officers of our departments acting under my direction, particularly to Captain J. E. Montandon, acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant S. W. Treat, acting assistant quartermaster, I am under many obligations for the energy, promptness, and cool bravery with which they carried out my wishes in edneavoring to assist the troops, and also in their earnest efforts to protect and save Government property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HOWLAND,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

U. S. S. KEY WEST,

Johnsonville, Tenn., November 3, 1864.

Captain Henry HOWLAND,

Chief Quartermaster:

SIR: In the event of the gun-boats being a ttacked to-night and disabled, I think it will be well for you to make preparation for destroying by fire all the transports now here, so that they may not fall inot the enemy's hands. I think it will be well for you to be prepared before. The gun-boats will do everything possible to prevent any surprise, but be prepared.

Very respectfully,

E. M. KING,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant, Commanding.

Lieutenant TREAT,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster:

You will communicate the above to the officer of all boats lying at our levee, with the information that it is ascertained that batteries are both above and below this place and that there will be an effort made to board and capture our gun-boats to-night. You will not, however, fire any transports until it is certain they will fall into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

HENRY HOWLAND,

Captain and Assistant Quartemaster.

[39.]

