
Webster. The contract I inclose, and inform you the Rusk will be at your disposal, and I desire, in the name of the General-in-Chief, that you will consider your instructions so amended as to authorize you to take her.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

MOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE, March 13, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. BACKUS,

Third Infantry, Commanding Fort Brown, Tex.:

COLONEL: A steamer will be at Brazos on Monday or Tuesday to take troops to Tortugas and Key West, and I wish Assistant Surgeon L'Engle, or any other medical officer at hand, ordered, in the name of the General-in-Chief, to join the command on board, for duty at Fort Jefferson, Tortugas. I desire the company of infantry now with you to be held in readiness to embark on the same steamer, to be transferred to one at Key West, to sail to New york Harbor. I will give you timely notice by express when it should be at Brazos Santiago. I think, however, there is little chance of its going, but I notify you that no delay may arise. I make these calls by authority of the General-in-Chief.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If an hospital steward can be spared, be pleased to order him to accompany Assistant Surgeon L'Engle, to be assigned to duty at Key West.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]

FORT BROWN, March 18, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mouth of Rio Grande:

MAJOR: I sent you an express on Saturday with papers, letters, &amp;c., and as he (the man) has not returned, I fear he may have seceded, with a Government mule, &c. Please let me know. I send you a few letters, &c., which came by yesterday's mail. I suppose you have received the inaugural address. It is good for the times. General Waller is pressing me to deliver up the barracks, property, &c., I hope to do so this week. I shall go to Indianola, and if my health improves I will join my regiment headquarters at Green Lake. Otherwise I will avail myself of my leave and go to New Orleans or Pascagoula. The subsistence for Major French may be sent at any time. Mr. Alley waits for a letter from Mr. Closson, acting commissary of subsistence.

Very truly, yours,

E. BACKUS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Third Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., March 4, 1861.

Major C. C. SIBLEY,

Third Infantry, Commanding Fort McIntosh, Tex.:

SIR: Under the impression that you, with the garrison of Fort McIntosh, may be marching in this direction or intending to march,

