
motion until orders for such purpose shall be issued from the department. Should, however, any of the companies within this command have left their stations and be found, on receipt of these instructions, on the march for the coast, they will not consider the above requirements as operative upon them, but will cotninue their line of march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMANDER, Fort McIntosh, Texas.

[Inclosure Numbers 16.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., March 16, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mouth of Rio Grade, Tex.:

MAJOR: The mail brought me letters from Major Sibley, which I inclose, that you may read. He will probably be at Ringgold to-morrow, where he will meet my train and forage. I send you a copy of Major Nichols' letter of March 7. I presume Colonel Waite was not then aware of the orders you had issued by the authority of General Scott. Major Sibley is to come this way, as Major Vinton writes to him. I think all of the troops present should, if possible, embark at Brazos or at the mouth of the river. Doctor L'Engle will come down to-morrow, I suppose. The hospital steward, Bowie, I have not found. I sent him an order to report at this office (through Captain Stoneman); I have heard from neither. On my return I found Captain Stoneman had moved his camp out of town. I suppose he will go to Green Lake if he can get there. Major Sibley may be here in eight days. I shall have no guard after Captain Bowman leaves. If the information I send you induces any change, please send me a note by expressman to-night, so as to reach me early to-morrow. I sent an express to Major Sibley yesterday. I shall know what medical officer is coming very soon. The provisions I will not send down until I hear from you.

Very truly, yours,

E. BACKUS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Infantry, Commanding.

I have kept no copy of this. Bowie, the steward, is said to have deserted last night.

E. B.

[1.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. New York, April 5, 1861.

The troops of this command will embark on board the steamer Atlantic to-morrow at 3 p. m.

By order of Colonel Brown:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[1.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 6. New York, April 6, 1861.

Captain Barry's light battery, Company A, Second Artillery; Captain Hunt's company (M), Second Artillery; Clitz' company (E), and Johns' company (C), Third Infantry, and Lieutenant Duane's company

