
procuring arms for the Union men of Kentucky-men who intend to abide by it in this day of its peril. I came to this city to-day from my residence in Parish, Ky., on the same business, but I fear my errand will be fruitless. For the few days that I have been at home since my return from Washington City I have been inquired of repeatedly from different parts of my own county, and from neighboring counties, confidentially, by good and true men, where they could purchase arms to put in the hands of men who intend to stad by the Union to the death. I have had a full and free conference with my friend Larz Anderson, brother of Major Robert Anderson, of this city, and from what he has communicated to me I infer that there is a scarcity of arms generally, and not a supply for the demands of the United States Government, and consequently but little chance for the supply of States and individual military organizations. The Governor of Kentucky is a secessionist and a traitor. If he had been a good and true man our State would have responded promptly to the requisition of the president upon her for troops. Our militia organization had been wholly obsolete for some thirty years, until, two years ago, there was a limited organization of it commenced again. It consists of a body of about 5,000 troops, denominated the State Guard, whose arms are only moderately effective. Our Governor is ex officio commander-in-chief of the military of the State, and he had been sedulously endeavoring to make this whole organization a provisional secession army. Our Legislature is called by him for the third time to meet in extra session for Monday next. The demand of public opinion and feeling to arm the State is so strong that a million of dollars will be voted for that purpose. A majority of those who will vote for it intend and think it will be so applied as to prevent the State from being driven into secession and holding her steadily within the Union; but it will be as far as possible perverted to the purpose of secession. This aid will enable Breckinrdige and the Governor, and their bold, active, and lawless followers, though not constituting one-third of the voters of the State, to ride down the industrions and quiet Union men, although so much more numerous, unless they can get arms. If they could get arms on any emergency, they could speedily put ten or even twenty thousand young and effective men in the field to put down any secession movement. As I came through Harper's Ferry I learned that all the workmen and artisans there were without employment. Could not the Government start a manufactory of arms at Pittsburg, this place, or Saint Louis?

There is no citizen of the United States who feels a stronger desire than I do that the Administration should quickly and signally put down this formidable rebellion. My desire for Kentucky to continue stead-fast in the Union I have no language adequate to express. Will you pardon me for making an earnest suggestion to you to have special reference to her and this locality. It is that you immediately order Major Anderson to the command of the post of Newport. He would have the entire confidence of Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. Give him orders to march to any and every point in the State to repel force or put down combinations to resist the authorities of the United States. Let him have a discretion to call on the people, not the Govenor, of Kentucky, in the first place for volunteers to execute this service, and, if need be, on Ohio. But this need would never arise. He could get from Kentucky three time as much force as would be requisite. The mere publication of an order to him to take the command at Newport would put a bridle on secessionism in Kentucky. He has moral

