
the Union in Kentucky. We have adopted this course for the reason that all our efforts to procure arms have thus far been futile, and because we trust that the assistance which our Government is rendering to the people of other exposed parts of the border, viz, West Virginia, will not be denied to us. We again solemnly asseverate that we are surrounded by traitors on every side, and we sincerely abide in the faith that our Government sees the imminent danger in which our defense-less situation places the cause of the Union in Kentucky. Invoking your aid, we leave the decision to our Government, only asking for a proper consideration.

We remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

C. F. BEYLAND,

With Messrs. James F. Meline &amp; Co., Bankers, Cincinnati.

L. WOLFF,

D. Wolff's Rolling Mill, Newport, Ky.

PAUL MOHR,

Mohr, Solomon & Mohr, Cincinnati.

JAMES FRAAS,

Of Newport, Ky.

GEO. P. WEBSTER,

Attorney at Law.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 10, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

It is said Cairo is threatened by a superior force. If necessary, take measures to re-enforce that post. Acknowledge all communications. General Scott's dispatch of the 3rd of May has not been acknowledged.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, May 11, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I spent some hours at Camp Dennison to-day. Satisfactory progress has been made. The hutting of seven regiments is nearly completed, in spite of the severe rains. The officers are being steadily drilled; the men as much so as their work will permit; guards established, and organization fairly started. Some few arms have been issued. I directed that the best companies should receive their arms on Monday, the issue to be completed by the middle or end of the week. The regimental schools for officers and non-commissioned officers in tactics, regulations, guard duty, &c., will commence on Monday. The four regiments now at Camp Harrison will move over next week, beginning on Monday. I hope soon to have the four in condition to be handled under fire. The officers are ignorant, but intelligent; the men cheerful and well-disposed. I was gratified to learn to-day that Major Bell, of the Ordnance, had been ordered to report to me, and that Captain Benham would start to-morrow. As soon as Captain Benham arrives I will send him to Cairo to organize its defense. Captain

