
Whistler, of the Third Infantry, is here to-day as a prisoner of war. He stated to me the circumstances of the capture, which are very discreditable to Van Dorn. I suggest that General Frost and his fellow prisoners be exchanged for those captured in Texas. Have telegraphed you to that effect, and also to Cpatain Lyon, suggesting that they be detained until orders on the subject can arrive. your dispatch of the 10th in regard to Cairo was received. I at once telegraphed to Colonel Prentiss, offering assistance. He replied, "I have men sufficient, but want some heavy guns. None have arrived, though I learn they are coming. With them I shall be strong." I have telegraphed East for the guns promised me, but have heard nothing as yet. Copy of telegram of the 8th received to-day, together with letter from Z. Chandler, in regard to posting troops at Quincy. I understood from a special messenger sent to me by the Governor of Illinois that there was a regiment of State troops at Quincy. I will inquire again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 15, 1861.

Colonel ROBERT ANDERSON, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: The Department of the Ohio, to the command of which Major General George B. McClellan, Ohio Volunteers, has been assigned, embraces a part of Western Virginia, as described in the inclosed General Orders, Nos. 14 and 19. The critical state of affair son the frontier, especially in Western Virginia and Kentucky, requires that General McClellan should be early advised of your progress in mustering volunteers into service, and should avail himself of them, instead of other troops, in the States where they are raised. The General-in-Chief, therefore, requests you to furnish General McClellan with returns of battalions and their places of rendezvous as fast as they are mustered, accompanied by such information as your judgment may indicate to be important in conducting the affairs of his command. The General-in-Chief desires me to add that he hopes the commission of brigadier-general of the Regular Army will shortly be conferred on you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

BOSTON, May 22, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: The undersigned, a committee of citizens of Boston, privately assembled this day, beg leave respectfully to inform you that a confidential communication has been received in this city from Mr. Senator Johnson, of Tennessee, representing the situation of the loyal citizens of the eastern portion of that State and their pressing need of assistance and support, and inquiring whether "material aid in the way of money, men, and arms" can be furnished to those who are disposed to sustain the Government of the United States in the present crisis. An effort will be made by individuals in this community to respond to some extent to the application of Mr. Johnson, but the object is evidently

