
one beyond the reach of private means, and, in the opinion of the undersigned, eminently entitled to the consideration of the National Executive. As such it is earnestly commenced to the attention of the President.

We remain, sir, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

EDWARD EVERETT.

JOEL PARKER.

E. R. HOAR.

[4.]

WASHINGTON CITY, May 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: In a note received yesterday from the President he requested me to call on you for the purpose of renewing to you the suggestion which I had made to him in favor of a modification of the existing blockade of the Lower Mississippi. Calling to-day for that purpose, I have thought proper to leave with you this hasty epitome of my views upon that subject. Much the larger portion of the surplus of wheat, flour, and live stock grown, manufactured, or raised in the West goes East to market-a market still open. Considerable quantities of Indian corn, corn meal, flour, salt meats, and limited quantities of live stock, lard, and butter ordinarily seek a market South. The disturbed condition of the country, however, together with the general distrust of paper money, have so far largely restrained usual shipments of those articles in that direction, and now the blockade has entirely stopped them. Consequently considerable quantities of several of these articles, particularly Indian corn, are still in the hands of their producers and the country dealers, and must continue to be a subject of increasing apprehension and pecuniary loss unless a market can be afforded.

An aggravation of this evil might ensue in the unfavorable effect which it has in lessening the pecuniary ability of the people in that section to support the war, and in the revulsion of patriotic ardor which deep, continued, and wide-spread financial embarrassment might cause. To avert such evils I would respectfully recommend that the Government should adopt and carry into effect some judicious plan for the purchase, at a fair price, of the surplus of all those articles remaining unsold. What would be the best plan, whether to restrict the purchases to be made to such of those articles as michg come to Cairo by river or rail or leave them unrestricted and locate agents at different points for the purpose of making them, or otherwise, is a question that you are far more competent wisely to decide than me.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND.

[4.]

Proceedings of a council of war assembled at Fort Pickens, Fla., pursuant to the following order, viz:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 27. Fort Pickens, May 22, 1861.

A council of war will meet at the quarters of the commanding officer at 11.30 a. m. to-day. The following officers will compose the council: Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Horace Brooks, Second Artillery; Captain Rufus Ingalls, quartermaster's department; Captain William F. Barry, Second Artillery; Bvt. Major Henry J. Hunt, Second Artillery; Captain Harvey A. Allen, Second Artillery, Bvt. Major Zealous B. Tower, engineers; Captain Henry

