
Question Numbers 2. Unanimously, yes.

Question Numbers 3. Five, yes; three, no; decided, yes.

Question Numbers 4. Seven, no; one, yes; decided, no.

Question Numbers 5. Five, no; three, yes; decided, no.

Question Numbers 6. Five, yes; three, no; decided, yes.

The council having no further business before it, adjourned since die.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Recorder.

H. BROOKS,

Captain of Artillery and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel,

President Council of War.

[1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Indianapolis, Ind., May 24, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have this afternoon had the pleasure of passing in review the five regiments of three-months' Indiana troops at this place. I desire to express my surprise and great gratification at their effiicnecy and appearance. They surpassed all my anticipations, and will make admirable troops. I recommend most earnestly that they be accepted en masse for three years. Great detriment will ensue to the service if they are not received, and I should exceedingly deplore their being broken up. If received, they will be among the very first ready for active and difficult service. From what I have seen of the State troops at this place I am also prepared to urge that they also be received. We shall need more than ten regiments from Indiana before we assume the offensive.

With the hope that the Department will take a favorable view of these recommendations, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[4.]

Memorial.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 24, 1861.

We concur in the opinion that the United States should at an early day take possession of prominent points in Kentucky, such as Louisville, Covington, Newport, Columbus, &amp;c., and the railroads leading from the same south. If Colonel Anderson or others, who are loyal to the Government, can raise regiments of loyal men in Kentucky to occupy these points in the first instance and the Government has the means of arming them, it would be advisable to have them thus occupied. If Kentuckians cannot be found for this purpose, U. S. Regulars would be the next best for the purpose; but in our opinion they should be occupied at an early day, if it has to be done by the volunteers from adjoining States. We believe this course will save Kentucky to the Union; otherwise, that in the end the secessionists will control her. If these suggestions are approved, Major-General McClellan should at once be advised and clothed with the necessary authority.

