
Second. The memorial suggests that, if Colonel Anderson cannot find loyal Kentuckians enough to sustain the Union cause in Kentucky, regulars might be employed, &amp;c.; but Colonel Anderson had already raised two regiments of loyal Kentuckians, &c.

Third. The signers next say that if their 'suggestions be approved, Major-General McClellan should at once be advised," and add: "It is important that the plan of the campaign in the West should be fixed upon, and that the major-general of the division should be furnished the means and be instructed to shape the military movements of his department so as to carry it into effect at the earliest period." Premising that it is for the Government to furnish the means, I, in great deference to Their Excellencies, beg to say that, in two letters addressed to Major-General McClellan, dated, respectively, the 3rd and 21st instnat, I have given, to the best of my poor abilities, a plan of campaign somewhat unlike their suggestions, in order that he might shape his military movements and prepare his means of execution accordingly.

Fourth. The suggestions of the Governors conclude with this proposition: "Authority ought also to be given to occupy points in Tennessee and Missouri." In discussing the memorial before Governor Yates and several U. S. Senators, it was urged by some of the latter, and I think concurred in by His Excellency, that Memphis ought to be immediately occupied. This would certainly to be begin a campaign without preparation. Let us suppose memphis to be threatened. Before the expedition could reach the point of attack-say with 10,000 men-the enemy would certainly interpose at least the double of that number; and if we commence with 20,000 the same thing would occur, when the cries for re-enforcements, being constantly repeated, would probably sweep Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, &c., of their respective quotas of volunteers and leave us nobody from those States for pshing the war to a close at the right season; for the troops about Memphis would not only have lost the opportunity of acquiring tactical instruction during the summer and autumn, but would be so enfeebled by fevers as to be scarcely able to do duty before late in the winter.

These remarks and a copy of the memorial are respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

[This in the handwriting of General Scott.]

[4.]

Proceedings of the East Tennessee Convention, held at Knoxville, May 30 and 31, 1861.

FIRS DAY.

On Thursday, 30th of May, 1861, a large number of delegates representing the people of the various sections of East Tennessee assembled at Knoxville, in pursuance of the following call:

EAST TENNESSEE CONVENTION.

The undersigned, a portion of the people of East Tennessee, disapproving the hasty and incosniderate action of our General Assembly, and sincerely desiours to do, in the midst of the torulbes which surround us, what will be best for our country and for all classes of our citizens, respectfully appoint a convention to be held in Knoxville on Thursday, the 30th of May, instant; and we urge every county in East

