
Tennessee to send delegates to this convention, that the conservative element of our whole section may be represented and that wise, purdent, and judicious counsels may prevail, looking to peace and harmony among ourselves:

F. S. HEISKELL,

S. R. RODGERS,

JOHN BAXTER,

DAVID BURNETT,

JOHN J. CRAIG,

O. P. TEMPLE,

W. G. BROWNLOW,

C. H. BAKER,

DR. W. RODGERS,

C. F. TRIGG,

JOHN WILLIAMS,

W. H. ROGERS,

JOHN TUNNELL,

AND OTHERS.

The convention met at Temperance Hall at 12 o'clock and was called to order by Conally F. Trigg, esq., upon whose motion the following officers were chosen:

Temporary president, John Baxter, of Knox; temporary secretary, John M. Fleming, of Knox. The deliberations of the convention were opened by the Rev. Thomas W. Humes, of Knoxville, who addressed a fervent prayer to the Throne of Grace, as follows:

Almighty and ever living God, our Heavenly Father, to Thee do we owe all the blessings we enjoy, whether of a civil or religious kind. It becomes us on all important occasions to make known unto Three our wants and desires and supplications; and we would now come before Thee in the faith of Crist and beseech Thee that They blessing and favor may rest upon us. We believe that Thou art the God of nations as well as individuals. We are assembled here to-day under circumstances adapted to fill our hearts with anxious forebodings for our beloved country. Dark clouds have gathered over it. A spirit of alienation and strife has gone abroad through the land. Citizens are in arms against the Government; brethren against brethren, and we are threatened with war and bloodshed. it may be that our civil and religious liberties are in danger of serious injury and loss. O God! we believe that Thou wast with the founders of the Republic at the beginning of its existence and didst then uphold and cherish and prosper them; and we pray that Thou wilt not leave us now as a nation, but wilt continue to us Thy favor and goodness for the time to come. We confess, O God, that we have not been properly thankful for the blessings bestowed upon us, nor improved them as we ought. We have been too proud and boastful and wicked as a people; too neglectful of Thy word, too forgetful of Thee and of our duties toward each other. But we beseech Thee to have mercy upon us and forgive us our transgressions. Turn from us Thy righteous indignation. Avert from us the ills that impend over us. In this our time of darkness and doubt, to whom, O God of our fathers, shall we turn for relief and for help but to Thee? Throw around the nation, we entreat Thee, the arms of Thy protection. Give wisdom from above to those who are in aouthroity for the duties of their station and uphold and strengthen their hearts and hands in every messure they may adopt for the public welfare which Thou wilt approve and which will promote righteousness and secure peace. Rebuke the spirit of faction and discord, of wickedness, corruption, and vice in the land and dispose the hearts of the people to the love of Three and of our Blessed Redeemer and to the cultivation of good will and brohterly affection; and gratn that the civil and religious liberties we enjoy shall be handed down to the generations that are to come. Look graciously, we beseech Thee, upon the citizens who, under the promptings of patriotic fme up

