
On motion of Colonel Trigg, of Knox, the president was authorized and directed to appoint a general committee, representing the various counties, to prepare and report business for the convention. The following gentlemen were appointed on said committee:

C. F. Trigg, of Knox; Alex. D. Smith, of Johnson; J. P. T. Carter, of Carter; S. T. Logan, of Washington; J. P. McDowell of Greene; W. Mullennix, of Sullivan; W. C. Kyle, of Hawkins; William McFarland, of Jefferson; Sam. Pickens, of Sevier; Brownlow and Kyle, of Hannock; W. T. Dowell, of Blount; William Heiskell, of Monroe; John W. Wester, of Roane; D. C. Trewhitt, of Hamilton; R. M. Edwards, of Bradley; B. T. Staples, of Morgan; D. K. Young, of Anderson; W. G. Brownlow, of Marion; David Hart, of Campbell; George W. Bridges, of McMinn; T. J. Mathews, of Meigs; A. C. Yates, of Cumberland; J. M. McCleary, of Polk; S. P. Doss, of Bledsoe; E. E. Jones, of Claiborne; Isaac Bayless, of Union; Harmon G. Lea, of Grainger; P. H. Easterly, of Cocke, who retired to the committee room for consultation. Upon the retirement of the committee General Thomas D. Arnold was introduced to the convention, who spoke at considerable length in opposition to the schemes of the Governor and Legislature of Tennessee to plunge our people, against their own will, into a ruinous and unwarranted revolution. His speech was bold, pointed, earnest, and eloquent, and was well received by the convention. At the conclusion of General Arnold's remarks the committee on business, through their chairman, Colonel C. f. Trigg, reported in part the result of their deliberations, but asked further time to perfect their report.

The president, at the call of the convention, introduced the Honorable Andrew Johnson, who acknowledged the compliment briefly, but owing to the lateness of the hour he deferred his remarks till to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock. And thereupon, on motion of Colonel Spears, of Bledsoe, the convention adjourned till 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.

SECOND DAY, FRIDAY.

The convention met pursuant to adjournment, the honorable president presiding. The roll of delegates was called by the secretary, and revised and corrested by the convention. Governor Johnson commenced his speech, but pending his remarks the committee, through their chairman, Colonel Trigg, submitted their report. After a running debate, participated in by Messrs. Baxter, Temple, Trigg and Fleming of Knox, Spears of Bledsoe, Heiskell of Monroe, and others, the report of the committee was amended and finally adopted as follows:

In the enumeration of the rights of the citizens, which have been declared under the solomn sanction of the people of Tennessee, there are none which should be more warmly cherished or more highly estimated than that which declares that "the citizens have a right in a peaceable manner to assemble together for their common good," and at no time since the organization of our Government has there been an occasion which called so loudly for the exercise of that inestimable right as that upon which we are now assembled. Our country is at this moment in a most deplorable condition. The Constitution of the United States has been openly contemned and set at defiance, while that of our own State has shared no better fate, and by the sworn representatives of the people has been utterly disregarded. Constitutions, which in other days were wont to control and give direction to our public councils and to those in authority by the fiat of the people, have been wholly supplanted, and fanaticism, passion, and prejudice

