
7. That the forming of such military league and thus practically assuming the attitude of an enemy toward the General Govenment (this, too, in the absence of any hostile demonstration against this State) has afforded the pretext for raising, arming, and equipping a large military force, the expense of which must be enormous and will have to be paid by the people; and to do this the taxes, already onerous enough, will necessarily have to be very greatly increased and probably to an extent beyond the ability of the people to pay.

8. That the General Assembly, by passing a law authorizing the volunteers to vote wherever they may be on the day of election, whether in or out of the State, and in offering to the Confederate States the capital of Tennessee, together with other acts, have exercised powers and stretched their authority to an extent not within their constitutional limits and not justified by the usages of the country.

9. "That government being instituted for the common benfit, the doctrine of non-resistance against arbitrary power and oppression is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happiness of mankind.'

10. That the position which the people of our sister State of Kentucky have assumed in this momentous crisis commands our highest admiration. Their interests are our interests. Their policy is the true policy, as we believe, of Tennessee and all the border States; and in the spirit of freemen, with an anxious desire to avoid the waste of the blood and the treasure of our State, we appeal to the people of Tennessee while it is yet in their power to come up in the majesty of their strength and restore Tennessee to her true position.

11. We shall await with the utmost anxiety the decision of the people of Tennessee on the 8th day of next month, and sincerely trust that wiser counsels will pervade the great fountain of freedom (the people) than seems to have actuated their constituted agents.

12. For the promotion of the peace and harmony of the people of East Tennessee it is deemed expedient that this convention should again assemble: Therefore,

Resolved, That when this convention adjourns it adjourns to meet again at such time and place as the president, or vice-president in his absence, may determine and publish.

The entire report, on motion of Colonel Heiskell, of Monroe, was unanimously adopted.

Dr. W. W. Alexander, of McMinn, offered the following:

Resolved, That those members of our State Legislature who heroically, though vainly, resisted to the utmost extent of their ability the iniquitous and unconstitutional ordinances of the late extraordinary session of the Legislature deserve the grateful remembrance of every patriot in Tennessee.

The resolution was unanimously adopted.

The following, offered by the chairman of the committee on business, was adopted:

Resolved, That the proceedings of this convention be published in the Knoxville Whig, Jonesborough Express, Kingston Journal, and the Louisville (Kentucky) Journal, and that 5,000 copies of the proceedings be published by the Knoxville Whig for general circulation among the people.

Governor Johnson then continued his remarks. He spoke about three hours and commanded the earnest attention of the convention throughout his entire speech. His address was masterly in argument, carrying conviction to every honest mind that theard it.

