
At the close of his remarks, on motion, the convention adjourned subject to the call of the president.

T. A. R. NELSON,

President.

John M. FLEMING,

Secretary.

[4.]

WASHINGTON, June 3, 1861.

General McCLELLAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

You have already a copy of my instructions to Colonel Anderson as the commander of the Kentucky Department. He being sick, it is important to substiture some other competent commander. Will not Colonel Guthrie, of the Kentucky Volunteers, be adequate? If yes, put him in command accordingly.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, June 4, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday in regard to the Department of Kentucky reached me only to-day, and was at once replied to. Colonel Guthrie is a native of Urbana, Ohio; not of Kentucky. I am told that he has no relatives in the latter State, and that his only clain to be considered a Kentuckian is the circumstance of a short residence in Newport. From the best information I can obtain it would seem that Colonel Guthrie had neither the influence, position, nor intellect necessary for one holding the delicate post of commander of the Department of Kentucky, and I am satisfied that his appointment would be very unfortunate for the cause of the Union. It is a great mistake to suppose that the two so-called Kentucky regiments (Guthrie's and Terrell's) are really composed of Kentuckians. In some companies there are no Kentuckians; in the rest only a few. They are really made up of Ohio and Indiana men who failed to obtain admission into the regiments of their own States, and very few of their officers are either natives or residents of Kentucky. This is so well understood in Kentucky that should it become necessary to send any regiments from this side into that State I would prefer sending Ohio, Indiana, or Illinois regiments, leaving the bogus Kentucky regiments to be the last sent over. I have no doubt on this point, and fear that the authorities at Washington have been greatly deceived in regard to these regiments.

In view of the necessity of managing affairs in Kentucky with great delicacy until the elections have passed and a Union Legislature is in power, I would respectfully suggest that, for the present at least, no successor be appointed to Colonel Anderson, and that, as I am in quite close communication with the principal Union men, the matter be left for a time in my hands, the more particularly since any aid rendered to the Union party must come from my department. I would also earnestly suggest that, before any further preparations are made for mustering troops in Kentucky or Western Virginia into the U. S. service, arms, clothing, equipments, &c., be provided, so that the

