
Kentucky. If one of those regiments were sent to Louisville it would occasion - and justly, too - more excitement than the sending of any other troops there. It would be considered a trick to get men there under a false pretense that they were Kentuckians and had the sympathies of the citizens, whereas they would be represented as imposters, &amp;c. You see the point as well as I do, and I think that the Government should be advised of the great impolicy of taking such a step. I am sure that the Government does not understand as we do that the "Kentucky" brigade is merely a name assumed by the officers to get into service. They no doubt are true Union men, and may do good service, but they are not Kentuckians, and should not be so regarded by our Government. Please explain this upon your own knowledge of the facts. I have written to Mr. Chase on the subject. As to any one else being sent to Kentucky in my brother's place, I would say that if the Administration is determined not to regard the wishes of the Union men in that regard, no one should be sent there, but that some true and loyal Kentuckian within the State should be authorized to raise troops - bona fide Kentuckians - on the soll. It would be judicious and politic that the troops should be raised "for the defense and protection of Kentucky; " but this, I understand, the Administration is unwilling to direct or to permit, because unconditional Union men have already enrolled themselves and offered their services and been accepted, to wit, one Ohio-Kentucky brigade. You can judge of the force of the argument. I know that unconditional Union men can be enlisted in Kentucky, but I believe it would be wiser at first to let them be raised as suggested. When so raised, they would be of as much value as if enlisted unconditionally, the effect at home being better. I write hurriedly, but know that a suggestion only is needed to you upon any point. We hope to see you here soon and to have you in command of the river brigade. Get as many arms as you can for Kentucky. All of us are about as when you left us. Adios.

Yours, truly,

LARZ ANDERSON.

N. B. - By-the-by, money is more wanted to get troops for U. S. service in Kentucky, and particularly in Louisville, than anything else. There are a great many workingmen there out of employment, who are out-and-out Union men, and need the pay for subsistence of themselves and families.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 10, 1861.

General McCLELLAN, U. S. Army,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Your letter of the 4th instant is received. The General-in-Chief approves your views and suggestions in relation to the Department of Kentucky. The Secretary of War does not consent to the condition of partial service of volunteers or to sending supplies before they are mustered into service.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

