
Ordered, further, That all the resolutions now before this convention which have not been acted upon be referred back to said committee for their consideration.

It is further ordered, That the president of this convention, or any vice president, or the secretary acting in his place, and the chairman of said committee may call their respective bodies together at such time and place as they may respectively determine.

On motion, they were unaimously adopted.

Mr. Netherland, of Hawhins, offered the following:

Resolved, That the members of the present Legislature of Tennessee who sympathize with the purposes of this convention be, and are hereby respectfully requested to resume their seates in the Legislature at as early an hour as possible; unless, however, they find themselves repelled from that body by any proscriptive act or acts to which as conscientious freemen they cannot submit.

Adopted unanimously.

Mr. Maxwell, of Washington, offered the following:

Resolved, That so far as we know the people of East Tennessee have interposed no obstacle to the passage of troops and munitions of war through our territory, and while we object and have ever objected in public and private to any violence to the railroads, yet if the grievous wrongs inflictd by some of the troops are not stopped, we warn all persons concerned, including the officers of said roads, that there is a point at which a population of 300,000 people, outraged, insulted, and trampled upon, cannot be and ought not to be restrained.

The resolution was adopted without division. The following paper, having been presented to the convention, was ordered to be spread on the minutes:

"The undersigned delegates from the county of Hawkins to this convention, not approving the proceedings of the convention, but dissenting from the same, protest against the action of the convention and ask that this protect be entered on the minutes of the convention.

"JOHN BLEVINS."

"W. C. KYLE."

Mr. Heiskell, of Monroe, offered the following, viz:

Resolved, That the thanks of this convention be, and they are hereby, tendered to the president and secretary of this convention for the very satisfactory manner in which they have discharged their respective duties.

On motion of Mr. Crawford, of Greene, the resolution was so amended as to include the committee on business, and then passed unanimously.

Mr. Maxwell, of Washington, offered the following, which was unanimously adopted:

Resolved, That the thanks of this convention are hereby tendered to the citizens of Greeneville and vicinity for the hospitality with which they have entertained the members of the convention during its session.

On motion, it was ordered that 20,000 copies of the proceedings of this convention, together with the proceedings of the session at Knkxville, be published in pamphlet form for general distribution.

After prayer by Rev. Mr. Jackson, of Morgan, on mog, the convention adjourned subject to the call of the president.

T. A. R. NELSON,

President.

John M. FLEMING,

Secretary.

12 R R-VOL LII, PT I.

