
him that I would be at my house in Cincinnati on the evening of the 8th instant. Buckner and Gill came there at about 10 p. m., and I remained in conversation with them until 5 o'clock the next morning. From the beginning I regarded the interview as altogethor a personal one, having no official bearing or significance. We discussed the state of affairs very freely, and I expressed my views plainly and emphatically, telling him frakly the policy I had pursued and intended to pursue, but stating at the same time that I had no orders in the case, and I might at any moment either receive orders from Washington or that circumstances might render it incumbent upon me, in the absence of orders, to change my policy. We differed entirely as to the position that Kentucky should assume in the present controversy. He regarded the State as the most lyoal one in the Union. I considered his view of the status of Kentucky as inconsistent with true loyalty.

In the course of the conversation Buckner voluntarily proffered me his word of honor that he would use all his influence to have Kentucky troops drive out any Confederate forces that might invade the State, and that if he did not possess the necessary power he would take steps to have me called upn for assistance. To this I replied that the State authorities must be prompt in their call, else they would find me there before it, as I would not y in such a case. This, general, is substantially the gist of the interview. I made no stipulations with Buckner, neither did I directly or by implication recognize the neutrality of Kentucky. I expressed frankly my views, and enunciated the policy which would probably govern me in my action, but from all that transpired there was nothing that could justify him in writing such a letter as has appeared in the public press. Recognizing as I do his character for veracity, I am constrained to think that the letter was written for him by some unscrupulous secession Confederate, and that he did not comprehend the true import and design of the letter.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 35. Fort Pickens, June 26, 1861.

* * * * *

II. The battery of Captain Hunt will be embarked on board the steamer Illinois and proceed via Tortugas to New York, at which place Major Hunt will report by letter to the Adjutant-General for orders.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Brown:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 10, 1861.

Lieutenant SAMUEL P. CARTER, U. S. Navy,

Washington City:

SIR: Your services having been placed at the disposal of this Department by the Secretary of the Navy for special duty, you will proceed to East Tennessee and organize and instruct volunteers to be raised into

