
been issued on requisitions not known here. It seems to me that no time will be lost in sending requisitions direct to this office by telegraph if deemed requisite; while a general authority to draw supplies from arsenals cannot fail to produce the ill effects before referred to, and to avoid which Special Orders, Numbers 120, of April 29, 1861, were issued from the War Department. The telegram from General Fremont is returned herewith.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

[4.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, August 13, 1861.

Lieutenant WILLIAM NELSON, U. S. Navy,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: I am directed to say that in addition to the instructions* of July 1, 1861, conveyed to you from this office, you are authorized to accept and muster in wherever offered regiments for service in Tennessee and Kentucky in such numbers and of such arms as you may consider necessary for the best interests of the country. These regiments will be received into service in precisely the same manner as those already mustered by you. When mustered you are directed to report the fact to this office, and to send to the Quartermaster General, Commissary-General, and Chief of Ordnance in this city such requisitions as may be necessary to obtain the clothing, camp and garrison equipage, horses, subsistence, arms, accouterments, and horse equipments for the regiments thus raised.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 15, 1861.

Major General JOH C. FREMONT,

Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: This Department has this day fixed the compensation to be allowed the Illinois Central Railroad Company for the use of their road, with the distinct understanding that said company are to furnish all transportation that may ber required for Government purpose, and to give such reasonable preference in movement as the exigencies of the case may require. In order to preserve system and harmony in operationg the work, I have to request that you will instruct the officers who may have occasion to use the road to make their requisitions upon the proper officers of the company and to refrain from undertaking to direct the detail movements. This order to continue in force until such time as the Government may determine to the military possession of the property, when other arrangements will be made for detail operations. As the work is important to the movement of your command, you will adopt such means for its protection as in your judgment may be essential to the public safety.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[4.]

---------------

* See VOL. IV, p. 251.

---------------

