SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 47. Fort Pickens, August 16, 1861.

I. Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Brooks, major Second Artillery, will perform the duties of inspector-general of this department until further orders.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Brown:

F. W. SEELEY,Second Lieut., Fourth Arty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 28, 1861.

NORVIN GREEN, Esq.,

President Southwestern Telegraph Company, Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: Under the late proclamation of the President all commercial intercourse between the Northern and Southern States must be suspended, which, of course, includes the telegraphic line under your charge. It is not the wish of the President or of this Department that the citizens of Kentucky shall be in any manner deprived of all proper facilities, and to that end we now desire to effect an arrangement with your company which will protect your interests under the circumstances, and at the same time give to the Government such assurance as to loyal working of the line as in the opinion of the Administration is now necessary. We therefore propose that no interference with regular business in Kentucky shall be made, your company agreeing to place the line through Kentucky in actual charge of Anson Stager, esq., recently appointed by General McClellan as superintendent of telegraphic operations on behalf of the Government in the departments of the West. An early and definite reply is respectfully desired.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 29, 1861.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Your message received,* and after a full conference with heads of Departments I am instructed to request you to meet General Anderson at Burnet House, Cincinnati, to-morrow at noon to confer with and communicate to him all the information you have. If not possible to go yourself, please send confidential messenger. Let me hear from you after interview.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

[4.]

BARDSTOWN, August 29, 1861.

Honorable Mr. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The arrangement made to send guns to Louisville, to be distributed by Mr. Joshua Speed upon the order of the members of Congress from this State, has been a failure. Not one gun has he sent

---------------

* See Morton to Scott, August 29, VOL. IV, p. 255.

---------------

