
yet. I went to Louisville yesterday to see him, and learning there were guns at Jefferstonville sent for Kentucky, I asked him to go and see. You will see his letter to me inclosed. I have understood that the guns which were allotted to Jackson, or his district particularly, had been received and taken to his district. This may be so. Mr. Speed said he thought the guns intemled for him had been given to Colonel Rousseau's regiment. There are companies formed in my district and have no arms. I am again and again called upon for arms. Will you, my dear sir, give an order to Speed for the 1,700 guns, &amp;c., at Jeffersonville, or send some to him for this, the Fifth, district? If I can get $600 I will have a full regiment, and that near our railroad, where they will be needed. I fear from the symptoms manifested by the disunionists in Kentucky we shall have the Missouri game played upon us. The are well armed by our Governor. Do, my dear sir, lose no time in having these guns sent.

Yours, truly,

C. A. WICKLIFFE.

[Indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

September 6, 1861.

Respectfully returned.

Since the 4th of May last there have been ordered to Kentucky for distribution 17,000 stand of arms, of which 13,000 were ordered to Cincinnati, 1,000 to Covington, and 3,000 to Louisville.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

LOUISVILLE, August 29, 1861.

DEAR SIR: No guns have come subject to your order. Jackson has about 1,700. I have no control over them.

Your friend, &c.,

J. K. SPEED.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, September 5, 1861.

SPEAKER HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Frankfort, Ky.:

I regret to inform you that Confederate forces in considerable numbers have invaded the territory of Kentucky, and are occupying and fortifying strong positions at Hickman and Chalk Bluffs.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 6, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Lewis W. Hall, esq., now speaker of the Senate of Pennsylvania, a gentleman in whon I have great confidence, visits the Western States at my request. I have desired him to call upon you as the

