
commander of the Western Department, and I commend him to your entire confidence. I hope to receive from him much information regarding the forces now in service, their equipment, condition, &amp;c., so as to be able to act with a better understanding regarding their wants. I desire him also to visit Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky, in which latter State I feel an especial interest. To enable him successfully to accomplish his mission, I respectfully request that you will furnish him with letters to such officers as may, in your opinion, be able to facilitate him in the discharge of his duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[4.]

PROCLAMATION.

To the CITIZENS OF PADUCAR:

I have come among you not as an enemy, but as your friend and fellow-citizen, not to injure or annoy you, but to respect the rights and to defend and enforce the rights of all loyal citizens. An enemy in rebellion against our common Government has taken possession of and planted its guns upon the soil of Kentucky and fired upon our flag. Hickman and Columbus are in his hands; he is moving upon your city. I am here to defend you against this enemy and to assert and maintain the authority and sovereignty of your Government and mine. I have nothing to do with opinions. I shall deal only with armed rebellion and its aiders and abettors. You can pursue your usual avocations without fear or hindrance. The strong arm of the Government is here to protect its friends and to punish only its enemies. Whenever it is manifest that you are able to defend yourselves, to maintain the authority of your Government, and protect the rights of all loyal citizens, I shall withdraw the forces under my command from your city.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

PADUCAH, September 6, 1861.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 6, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

U. S. Volunteers, Commanding, &c., Cairo or Bird's Point:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Fremont to inform you that brigade and other commanders are not to correspond with State or other high authorities in matters pertaining to any branch of the public service, either in initiating such correspondence or in replying thereto. All such subjects are to submitted to the major-general commanding the department for his information and action, by telegraph if of immediate importance, otherwise by regular course of mail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Major, U. S. Army, and Military Secretary.

[4.]

