
with like power and authority, and with him or them to agree, treat, consult, and negotiate of and concerning all maters and subject interesting to both Republics; and to conclude and sign a reaty or treaties, convection or convections, touching the premises, transmitting the same to the President of the Confederate States for his final ratification, by and with the advice and consent of the Congress of the Confederate States.

In testimony whereor I have caused the seal of the Confederate States to be herunto affixed.

Given under my hand at the city of Montgomery this 19th day of April, A. C. 1861.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

By the President:

ROBERT TOOMBS,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MONTGOMERY, April 19, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of the State of Virginia, &amp;c.:

SIR: In response to your communication conveying to me, in behalf of the State of Virginia, the expression of the earnest desire of the commonwealth to enter into an alliance, offensive and defensive, with the Confederate States, and being animated by a sincere wish to unite and bind together our respective countries by friendly ties, I have appointed Alexander H. Stephens, Vice-President of the Confederate States, as special commissioner of the Confederate States to the Government, as special commissioner of the Confederate States to the Government of Virginia; and I havae now the honor to corresponding to his station and to the purposes for which he is sent. Those purposes he will more porticularly expain to you. Hoping that through his agency these may be accomplished, I avai myself of this occasion to offer to you the assurances of my distinguished consideration.

[2.] JEFF'S DAVIS.

FRIDAY, April 19, 1861.*

The citizens of Richmond took possession of the building of the late United States Government used of the custom-house, post-office, Federal ourt, &c., and information having been given to the Governor thereof, he ordered a portion of the public guard to take charge of the same, and the sub-treasurer of the United States was directed to keep a strict account of the money on hand, to be hereafter accounted for.

* * * * * * *

The Governor issued to Geneal Talaferro the following order by telegraph: " As we need powder, keep an eye to securing that articke."

* * * * * * *

[2.] JOHN LETCHER.

HARPER'S FERRY, April 20, 1861.

[Honorable JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:]

MY DEAR SIR: I learn here that you have ordered the machinery of he armory at this place to be removed up the valley. I presume

---------------

* From the Executive Journal of the State of Virginia.

---------------

