SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 6. Louisville, Ky., September 21, 1861.

I. Captain C. C. Gilbert, First U. S. Infantry, on sick leave in this city, will report at these headquarters for such duty as the state of his wounds will permit. He will perform the duties of inspector-general on the staff of the general commanding the department until further orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Anderson:

OLOVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

PROCLAMATION.

LOUISVILLE, KY., Saturday, September 21, 1861.

KENTUCKIANS:

Called by the Legislature of this my native State, I hereby assume command of this department. I come to enforce, not to make, laws, and, God willing, to protect your property and your lives. The enemies of the country have dared to invade our soil. Kentucky is in danger. She has vainly striven to keep peace with her neighbors. Our State is now invaded by those who professed to be her friends, but who now seek to conquer her. No true son of Kentucky can longer hesitate as to his duty to his State and country. The invaders must, and God willing will, be expelled.

The leader of the hostile forces who now approaches is, I regret to say, a Kentuckian making war on Kentucky and Kentuckians. Let all past differences of opinion be overlooked. Every one who now rallies to the support of our Union and our State is a friend. Rally, then, my countrymen, arond the flag our farthers loved and which has shielded us so long. I call you to arms for self-defense and for the protenction of all that is dear to freemen. Let us trust in God and do our duty as did our farthers.

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[4.]

President Lincoln's views of a plan of campaign-1861.*

On or about the 5th of October (the exact day to be determined hereafter) I wish a movement made to seize and hold a point on the railroad connecting Virginia and Tennessee, near the mountain pass called Cumberland Gap. That point is now guarded against us by Zollicoffeer with 6,000 or 8,000 rebels at Barboursville, Ky.- say twenty-five miles from the gap, toward Lexington. We have a force of 5,000 or 6,000, under General Thomas, at Camp Dick Robinson, about twenty-five miles from Lexington and seventy-five from Zollicoffer's camp, on the road between the two. There is not a railroad anywhere between Lexington and the point to be seized, and along the whole length of which the Union sentiment among the people largely predominates. We have military possession of the railroad from Cincinnati to Lexington and from Louisville to Lexington, and some home guards, under General Crittenden, are on the latter line. We have possession of the

---------------

* In President Lincoln's hand writting, without date, and not entered in Headquarters of the Army books till October 31, 1861.

---------------

