
railroad from Louisville to Nashville, Tenn., so far as Muldraugh's Hill, about forty miles, and the rebels have possession of that road a south of there. At the hill we have a force of 8,000, under General Sherman, and about an equal force of rebels is a very short distance south, under General Buckner. We have a large force at Paducah, and a smaller at Fort Holt, both on the Kentucky side, with some at Bird's Point, Cairo, Mound City, Evansville, and New Albany, all on the other side; and all which, with the gun-boats on the river, are perhaps sufficient to guard the Ohio from Louisville to its mounth. About supplies of troops, my general idea is that all from Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, and Kansas, not now elsewhere, be left to Fremont. All from Indiana and Michigan, not now elsewhere, be sent to Anderson, at Louisville. All from Ohio needed in Western Virginia be sent there, and any remainder be sent to Mitchel, at Cincinnati, for Anderson. All east of the mountains be appropriated to McClellan and to the coast.

As to movements, my idea is that the one for the coast and that on Cumberland Gap be simultaneous, and that in the meantime preparation, vigilant watching, and the defensive only be acted upon; this, however, not to apply to Fremont's operations in Northern and Middle Missouri. That before these movements Thomas and Sherman shall respectively watch but not attack Zollicoffer and Buckner. That when the coast and gap movements shall be ready Sherman is merely to stand fast, while all at Cincinnati and all at Louisville, with all on the line, concentrate rapidly at Lexington, and thence to Thomas' camp, joining him, and the whole thence upon the gap. It is for the military men to decide whether they can find a pass through the mountains at or near the gap which cannot be defended by the enemy with a greatly inferior force, and what is to be done in regard to this. The coast and gap movements made, Generals McClellan and Fremont, in their respective department, will avail themselves of any advantages the diversions may present.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 23. Louisville, Ky., October 4, 1861.

Surg. Glover Perin, medical staff, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 252, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, is hereby assigned to duty as medical director at Camp Dick Robinson, and will report in person to Brigadier-General Thomas, commanding Camp Robinson, without unnecessary delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Anderson:

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 164. Washington, October 5, 1861.

I. Brigadier General A. McD. McCook, volunteer service, is assigned to the Department of the Cumberland, and will repair to Louisville and report to the department commander.

* * * * *

