
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE COUMBERLAND, Numbers 11. Louisville, Ky., October 13, 1861.

I. Colonel Thomas Swords, assistant quartermaster-general, having reported at these headquarters pursuant to instructions from the quartermaster, will at once enter upon his duties and control the affairs of his department within the sphere of his command.

II. All officers and agents of the Quartermaster's Department will at once make their requisitions upon and send in their estimates and reports to him. He will assign a competent officer to be attached to the army now in camp at Nolin, and another to be attached to the army at Camp Dick Robinson, and will provide them as liberally as possible with funds for the purchase of forage and other necessary expenses of armies in the field. His calculations and estimates should be based upon a force of 60,000 men.

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 68. Fort Pickens, October 16, 1861.

Major L. G. Arnold, of the First Artillery, is hereby appointed acting inspector-general of this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Colonel Brown:

F. W. SEELEY,First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[6.]

PROCLAMATION.

OCTOBER 17, 1861.

TO THE PEOPLE OF NORTHEASTERN Kentucky NOW IN ARMS

AGAINST THEIR NATIONAL AND STATE GOVERNMENT:

FELLOW-CITIZENS: You have assembled together in arms against your Government, against your State, your neighbors, and in some instances your nearest relatives, without any cause or any object that is worthy of brave and good men. What has your country done that you should rise against it, or what good will it do you to-murder the people, burn and pillage the towns, and overthrow the constitution and laws of Kentucky? If you could accomplish this you would be the most wretched as you would become the most wicked of men. The mass of you cannot wish to do this. But be assured the ruin you propose by your acts to bring upon the people of Kentucky will fall upon your own heads if you persevere. Doubtless many of you have been misled by wicked and desperate men, bankrupt in fame and fortune, who hope to profit by the ruin of the Commonwealth. I sincerely believe that many of you have been deceived and led into rebellion who this moment regret the step they have taken, and would return to their families and homes if they could do so in safety.

To all the people, therefore, who have without due reflection taken up arms against their country and rebelled against both their nation and their State I say return home, lay down your arms, line in peace and friendship with your neighbors, and remember that at least you

