
are Kentuckians. I promise that you shall not be molested either in person or property for what you have already done; on the contrary, I will protect you equally with all other citizens so long as you render obedience to those laws which you yourselves have made. I offer you a complete amnesty for what is past; you will be held accountable only for the future. But to secure this result you return home within - days. After that time you will be treated as enemies and must never more hope to see in safety your families or enjoy your property until you have carried out the purpuse of your wicked misleaders and conquered the people of your State and overthrown the Government of your fathers. As your fellow-citizen and a native of your State I urge other upon you. Should you reject it, the enlightened world, as well as the laws of your country, will hold you alone responsible for the shedding of fraternal blood.

WILLIAM NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

SOMERSET, KY., October 20, 1861.

General SAMUEL P. CARTER:

Your brother, W. B. Carter, left this place last night and requested me to write you that he had succeeded in getting fully equipped and off upon his mission without delay. He requested me further to call your attention, and that of General Thomas, to the condition of the road leading from this place to Huntsville, Tenn., which I proceed to do, premising that all that I say is besed upon information only, which, however, is reliable, as I have conversed with gentlemen of good judgment who are familiar with the route. The best road leads from this place (Somerset) via Point Isabel, eight miles, at which place it crosses the Cumberland River, thence to Chitwoods, near the Tennessee line, thence to Huntsville, Scott County, Tenn., thence to Montgomery, thence to Clinch River, or from Montgomery to Kingston, crossing Big Emery. This route possesses one advantage over all other routes in this, that it avoids all gaps susceptible of being blocked. After leaving Somerset the only obstructions are the crossings of Pitman Creek and the Cumberland River. Pitman is about sixty feet wide, and the Cumberland not very wide at the point of crossing, which is just above the junction with the Big South Fork. A number of flat-boats can be procured some miles above and converted into bridges for each stream. The cliff on the south side of the Cumberland is tolerably good. After reaching the summit the road leads along a ridgeway that divides the tributaries of the Big South upon the west and the main Cumberland upon the east. The ascent is gradual until the high table-lands of the Cumberland Mountain are reached. The route is practicable for wagons and artillery, six horses being able to carry 3,500 pounds over the route. I understand that it is an excellent mountain road after the Cumberland cliffs are passed; through the cliffs it is somewhat rough, though passable. The distance from this place to Huntsville is near sixty miles; thence to Montgomery thirty; thence to Clinch River in the direction of Anderson County, say fifteen or twenty miles; from Montgomery in the direction to [of] Kingston seventeen miles to Big Emery.

After leaving Cumberland River for the distance of thirty miles the country is poor and sandy and means of subsistence quite limited. Beyond that for several miles the road is connected with the Jelico and Marsh Creek valleys by good wagon roads, from which supplies could

