
229, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, August 24, 1861, is announced as the chief of his corps in this department. He will at once enter upon the duties of his office. All correspondence with the headquarters of the department in reference to the topography of the country will in future be addressed to him.

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 69. Fort Pickens, October 29, 1861.

I. Major Bennett H. Hill, of the U. S. Army, will immediately proceed to Key West and relieve Bvt. Major William French, U. S. Army, in the command of the troops at that place. On being relieved Major French will proceed to obey the orders he has received.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Brown:

F. W. SEELEY,First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[6.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 85. Louisville, Ky., November 6, 1861.

Brigadier General W. T. Ward, of the volunteer service, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to special instructions from the commander of the department, is hereby directed to return without delay to Campbellsville, Ky., and resume the command of his brigade. He will make every possible effort to hasten the organization and equipment of his brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 3. Louisville, Ky., November 20, 1861.

I. The general commanding relies on the zealous efforts of every officer and soldier in the department to acquaint himself with his duties and to discharge them efficiently. Every officer who fails in this respect will subject himself to examination by a board of officers, with a view to discharge.

II. In every command the troops must be drilled at least four hours a day, Sundays excepted, one of the drills to be with knapsacks. No officer or soldier must be absent from drill unless on other duty or on the sick report.

III. Every company will be inspected once a day, usually at retreat, when there will also be a dress parade. Guard mounting must be conducted according to the Army Regulations.

IV. Every soldier must be constantly prepared to march, with canteen and haversack, the full complement of ammunition in his cartridgebox, and his knapsack packed. One object of the daily inspection is to enforce this requirement.

V. Every soldier must have constantly one cap or hat, one greatcoat, one blanket, one coat, one pair of pants, two flannel shirts, two

