
pairs drawes, two pairs of stockings, and one pair of shoes, all in good order, those articles he is not wearing to be snugly packed in his knapsack. No greater amount of clothing will be allowed. When a new supply is necessary the articles are to be drawn on proper requisitions from the quartermaster and issued to the soldier by the company commander. Each soldier should supply himself with a tin cup, plate, knife and fork, spoon, and towel.

VI. Receille will sound in every command at daybreak, tattoo at 8 o'clock, and taps at 8.30 p. m. The other duties and calls will be regulated by the division commanders so as to be uniform in each division.

By command of General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 6. Louisville, Ky., November 21, 1861.

* * * * *

IX. Brigadier General O. M. Mitchel is assigned to the command of the troops now at Camp Jenkins, near this city, and of such others as may arrive in this city and are not otherwise assigned.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] SAINT LOUIS, MO., [December 2,] 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: As stated in a former communication, Brigadier General W. T. Sherman, on reporting here for duty, was ordered to inspect troops (three divisions) at Sedalia and vicinity, and if, in the absence of General Pope, he deemed there was danger of an immediate attack, he was authorized to assume the command. He did so, and commenced the movements of the troops in a manner which I did not approve, and countermanded. I also received information from officers there that General S[herman] was completely 'stampeded," and was 'stampeding" the army. I therefore immediately ordered him to this place, and yesterday gave him a leave of absence for twenty days to visit his family in Ohio. I am satisfied that General S[herman's] physical and mental system is so completely broken by labor and care as to render him for the present entirely unfit for duty. Perhaps a few weeks' rest may restore him. I am satisfied that in his present condition it would be dangerous to give him a command here. Can't you send me a brigadier-general of high rank capable of commanding a corps d'armee of three or four divisions? Say Heintzelman, F. J. Porter, Franklin, or McCall. Those of lower grades would be ranked by others here. Grant cannot be taken from Cairo, nor Curtis from this place at present. Sigel is sick, and Prentiss operating against insurgents in Northern Missouri. I dare not intrust the "mustangs" with high commands in the face of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[7.]

