
this order has been issued under the impression that military necessity requires it. Would it not be well to uspend for a short time the execution of the order, for the following among many other reasons: Harper's Ferry is a place which be permanently occupied by a military force during the present war. The machinery is immense and very valuable much of which cannot be removed without total loss, or at all events unfit for future use. The armory is now is condition for actual operation, and could in a short time out many thousand stand of arms. The machinery if removed could not be put in operation and prepare guns in a year or two, as I am informed by the officer of the establishment. Operativesin all its departments are here ready to work, and thus furnish arms for the troops of the State, which we very much need in this quarter. Maryland resisting the Federal authority removes in a great measure the reason on which your order was based. If she does not, the rifle works here ae far up the Shenandoah, and would be protected from a battery on the Maryland shore by high intervening hills. There are a great many unfinished guns here which could be ready for use in a short time if operations be not suspended. As for some ebullition of temper on the part of the operatives here, Your Excellency should not regard it. The workmen here will be as loyal to Virginia as they have ever been to the United States. The master armorer says that within three weeks (so Mr. Kitzmiller, military secretary to General Carson, informs me), with the present force, he can furnish fifty guns a day with appenadages ready for firing. It is supposed that the cost of taking down, transporting, and re-erecting will be immense. Writing in a crowd, and with but few minite before Mr. Barbour leaves, I furnish a rather confused statement of reason against the removal of the machinery, at least for the present, but thus calling your attention to the subject,

I remain, yours, truly,

[2.] THOS. M. ISBELL.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

The City Light Guards, Columbus, Captain Colquitt; Floyd Rifles, Macon, Captain Hardeman; Macon Volunteers, Captain Smith, and Spalding Greys, at Griffin, Captain Doyal, all ready to start to-night. Please telegraph orders to each. All excellent companies, well drilled. Glad we have agreed about the enslited Georgia regiment. You can take charge of it at once. Will direct Colonel Williams to order in recruitin officer from station with balance of recruits immediately.

Please reply to letter by mail.

[2.] JOSEPH E. BROWN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 20, 1861.

D. G. DUNCAN, Esq.:

SIR: Under the verbal instructions of this Department you will proceed without delay to Washington, and make such arrangements with the telegraph office either there or in Alexandria as will enable you to keep the Department fully advised of all that transpires. Great prudence and circumspection will be necessary both in the selection of your agents and in your entire course generally.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

