SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 14. Louisville, Ky., January 18, 1862.

* * * *

III. The Thirteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers (Colonel Hobson) when it has completed its present special duty repairing roads will take post at Greensburg, Ky., for the protection of that section of the country.

IV. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry (Colonel Williams) will proceed without delay to Munfordville, ky., and report to Brigadier-General McCook for duty in his division.

V. The following order or brigade will be observed until further orders: Twenty-second Brigade, Colonel Bruce commanding; Twentieth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, colonel Bruce; First Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, lieutenant-Colonel Enyart; Second Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Major Sedgewick.

* * * *

VIII. The Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers (Colonel Fyffe) will proceed without delay to Bardstown, Ky., and report to the commanding officer for duty.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

LOUISVILLE, January 20, 1862-7 p. M.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The following dispatch just received from General Thomas from Mill Springs, viz:

Since my dispatch of yesterday I pursued the enemy into his intrenchments, and this morning advanced to assault him, but found he had abandoned everything and crossed the river during the night. All their artillery and ammunition, upward of eighty wagons and harness, all their commissary and quartermaster's stores and camp equipage fell into our hands. The rout is complete and I believe the enemy has dispersed. It gives me great gratification to testify to the good conduct of our troops.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[7.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 16. Louisville, Ky., January 20, 1862.

I. Colonels Forsyth and Harker, of the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, respectively, and captains in the Regular Army, having failed to get permission from the War Department to continue in their present commands, are relieved from their present commands, and will report to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders. The senior officer present with the Twentieth Brigade will assume command.

* * * *

X. The Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteers (Colonel Marshall) is attached to the Eighteenth Brigade, Colonel Garfield commanding, and will proceed by the Ohio River to Catlettsburg, and thence up the Big Sandy

