
sent forward. It is very important, and the Navy Department should respond at once. Three gun-boats, in charge of Lieutenant Phelps, under order from Officer Foote, went up Tennessee as far as navigable, destroyed all boats and camp of enemy, except new gun-boat, which was made a prize of. Tennessee is now clear; matters are moving finely. I may get through to-night and leave.

THOS. A. SCOTT.

[7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 38. Louisville, Ky., February 11, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. The Sixth Ohio Volunteers is assigned to the Twenty-second Brigade, Colonel Bruce commanding.

VIII. The Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Fyffe, is assigned to the Fifteenth Brigade, Colonel Hascall commanding, and will at once march via New Haven to join the brigade at Green River.

IX. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Williams, will be posted as follows, and instructed to closely watch the country in their front: Four companies at Bacon Creek near the railroad crossing; four companies at Litchfield, or Grayson Springs, and four companies at Calhoun. The different details of companies will be made by the colonel commanding the regiment. The movements indicated will be made with the least possible delay. The companies for Calhoun will march via Litchfield. The senior officer (of cavalry or infantry) at the posts named will be in command. Colonel Williams will make his report to Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Sixth Division.

X. The Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Mundy, will march at once via Lebanon and take post to guard the turnpike bridge over Rolling Fork in front of Lebanon.

XI. The Sixth Division is hereby constituted, to consist of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Brigades, General Thomas J. Wood commanding.

XII. The Twenty-second Brigade, Colonel Bruce commanding, is assigned to the Fourth Division, General Nelson commanding, to whom Colonel Bruce will report by letter and await further orders at his permanent station.

XIII. The Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Walker, will march via New Haven to Bacon Creek, and report thence to Brigadier-General Wood for further instructions.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 11, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE W. CULLUM,

Cairo:

Stop all transports and troops at Paducah till gun-boats are ready to precede them up the Cumberland. Would it be possible or advisable to tow any of the mortar-boats to Dover and Clarksville?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[7.]

14 R R-VOL LII, PT I

