
ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Numbers 10. Steam-boat Continental, March 17, 1862.

I. The division of General Hurlbut will disembark and establish its camp on a line perpendicular to the road about one mile. Details will be sent back to the boats to debark the transportation, stores, &amp;c.

II. The men must be kept to their proper places, and no soldier shall pass the lines without being sent on duty by the proper authority. The artillery and cavalry of the command will also disembark and encamp at points designated by the commanding general.

III. General Sherman's division will remain on board transports, and hold themselves in readiness to move promptly in any direction by land or water.

IV. The boats at the landing will give place to those having on board the division of General Hurlbut, in order to facilitate their landing the troops.

V. No citizens whatever will be allowed to come within thelines, and the guard will be carefully instructed to make prisoners of all found lurking in the neighboring country unless they are on their own farms and at their own work, when they must be encouraged and protected. Wagons loaded with forage will be allowed to come as far as the lines, but must not come inside the lines. The Twentieth Ohio Volunteers will also disembark and encamp on the ridge to south of the landing.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 4. Nashville, Tenn., March 18, 1862.

I. The Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers is relieved from duty with the Seventeenth Brigade, and is assigned to the Fourteenth Brigade.

* * * * *

XII. The Fifteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers is hereby transferred from the Fifteenth Brigade to the Twenty-first, and the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers from the Twenty-first Brigade to the Fifteenth, and will report to their respective brigade commanders for duty.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Numbers 4. March 18, 1862.

The Eighth Iowa Volunteers, Colonel Geddes, is hereby attached to the First Brigade, Colonel McDowell commanding. Colonel Geddes will report with his regiment to Colonel McDowell on the lines.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

15 R R-VOL LII, PT I

