
VIII. The Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is relieved from the Seventh Brigade (General Negley's) and will take post as follows: Headquarters and three companies at the Harpeth River, near Franklin; three companies at Carter's Creek, thirty-seven miles and a half from Nashville; two companies at Rutherford's Creek, forty-nine miles and a quarter from Nashville; one company at West Harpeth River, twenty-five miles from Nashville, and one company at Little Harpeth River, eleven miles from Nashville.

IX. The Thirty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Walker, is assigned to the Seventh Brigade, and will report to General Negley.

X. The Seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonrl Wynkoop, will take post as follows: Four companies at Nashville, these to include the two companies at the junction, and will be brought in by the colonel; four companies at Franklin, to belong temporarily to the Seventh Brigade, and report to General Negley; four companies attached to the brigade report to Colonel Duffield on the arrival of the brigade at this place. Detachments from the cavalry battalion will be made as follows: One lieutenant and thirty-nine men to be stationed with the three companies of infantry at Carter's Creek; a lieutenant and twenty men to be stationed with the two companies of infantry at Rutherford's Creek; a sergeant, a corporal, and eight men to be stationed with the company of infantry at Little Harpeth River; to be taken from the four companies stationed at Franklin.

XI. The Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Price, will take post at Duck River, near Columbia.

XII. Standart's battery of field artillery is attached temporarily to the Seventh Brigade, and will report to General Negley.

XIII. Hewett's battery is attached temporarily to the Twenty-third Brigade, and will report to Colonel Duffield on his arrival here.

XIV. On its arrival here the Twenty-third Brigade, Colonel Duffield, will take post as follows: Two regiments, a battery of artillery, and two companies of cavalry at Murfreesborough; one regiment and two companies cavalry at Lebanon, Tenn., and one regiment of infantry on the Murfreesborough pike two miles from Nashville.

XV. On the arrival here the Twenty-third Brigade (except the cavalry, which will move at once) will move forward to Franklin and await further orders.

XVI. Colonel Barnett, First Ohio Artillery, will hold himself in readiness to march with his headquarters and Bush's, Bradley's, and Sterling's batteries. Major Lawrence, First Ohio Artillery, will continue in command of the artillery camp near Nashville.

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 24, 1862.

General W. K. STRONG,

Cairo:

You will immediately take measures to break up the post at Smithland. The forces now stationed there will be sent up the Tennessee to General Grant, and the artillery, stores, and all public property removed to Paducah. Waterhouse's battery and Eighteenth Missouri Regiment to be sent to General Grant.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[10.]

