
from Governor Pickens, of South Carolina, inquiring as to the proper destination of troops now advancing from the State of South Carolina to the assistance of Virginia.

Ordered, That His Excellency be respectfully advised to telegraph Governor Pickens to send on his troops to Richmond, where an effort will be made to concentrate as large a force as possible, to make Richmond the base of operations, from which, when a commander of the forces of the State is appointed, such operations may be conducted as may seem best for the interests of the Southern States.

I being considered desirable to ascertain the condition of affairs and the state of public opinion in Maryland, the Governor is respectfully advised to appoint Colonel James M. Mason a commissioner, to proceed forthwith to that State and to acquire and communicate to the Governor such information as he may obtain.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

[2.]

PUTNAM COURT-HOUSE, April 21, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETHCHER,

DEAR SIR: The people of this valley and adjacent counties are unarmed, with the exception of two companies at Kanawha Court-House and one in this country, and they have good reasons to apprehend that an orgainization is being formed in Ohio to enter this valley at the mouth of the Kanawha at Point Pleasant, for the purpose of robbing and murderering the people of Mason, Putnam. Kanawha, and other counties. We want at least eight or ten cannon on this river and arms sufficient to arm the whole people. A sufficient supply of arms for the people of Kanawha, Mason, Putnam, Logan, Boone, Nicholas, and Fayette ought to be sent at once to the Falls of Kanawha or some point lower down on the river. Give the people arms and they will rise en masse and defend themselves, and every county in this section will send one or more companies to defend the State or to fight wherever you may command them to go to fight for the cause of Virginia and the South. I believe the people in this section will sustain your proclamation and the action of the convention with great unanimity. Every hour the people are becoming more united, determined, and enthusiastic. All past differences are being forgiven, and the people swear to stand by each other and follow the flag of Virginia wherever it goes. Let us have arms as speedily as possible and the people will rise and fight. Arms could not be safety sent from Parkersburg to the mouth of the Kanawha at Point Pleasant. They would be seized in all probability at Pomeroy, Ohio.

I am, with great respect, yours, truly,

[2.] J. G. NEWMAN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. ADN INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 32. Monthomery, April 22, 1861.

I. Colonel Theophilus H. Holmes, infantry, will repain to Raleigh and report to the Governor of North Carolina for duty in that State.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General.

