
Nashville, TENN., April 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General THOMAS:

The difficulty of communication with Generals Halleck and Buell still continues, and I therefore have the honor to forward direct for the information of the War Department a summary of General Mitchel's last dispatch: Saturday morning two expeditions were started from Huntsville in the captured cars. One, under Colonel Sill, Thirty-third Ohio, went east to Stevens[on], junction of Chattanooga with Memphis and Charleston, which point they seized, 2,000 of the enemy retreating without firing a shot. Captured five locomotives and a large amount of rolling-stock. The other expedition, under Colonel Turchin, Nineteenth Illinois, went west. Arrived at Decatur in time to save railroad bridge, which was in flames. Arrived at Decatur in time to save railroad bridge, which was in flames. General Mitchel now holds a hundred miles of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

Very respectfully,

O. D. GREENE.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 101. Saint Louis, April 14, 1862.

* * * *

2. Colonel George Thom, chief of Topographical Engineers, having reported at headquarters from detached service, will proceed to Pittsburg, Tenn., to report to the commanding general in the field.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 7TH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 6. Cumberland Ford, April 14, 1862.

The regiments composing the Seventh Division of the Army of the Ohio are hereby brigaded as follows: The Forty-ninth Indiana, Third Kentucky, First and Second Tennessee Regiments will constitute the Twenty-fourth Brigade, under command of Brigadier General S. P. Carter. The Sixteenth and Forty-second Ohio and the Fourteenth and Twenty-second Kentucky Regiments will constitute the Twenty-sixth Brigade, under command of Colonel De Courcy. The Thirty-third Indiana and Nineteenth Kentucky Regiments will constitute the Twenty-seventh Brigade, under command of Colonel Coburn.

By command of Brigadier-General Morgan.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 14, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Mississippi, Pittsburg, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully request that General Davies be ordered to take command of the Second Division (General Smith and McArthur, of that division, being unable for service) without delay.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

