
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 15, 1862.

General Grant will assign General Davies to such command as he may deem best for the service.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 15, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Cairo, Ill.:

This Department has entire confidence in the ability of the respective military commanders in the West to determine their operations under whatever circumstances they may be placed, and will not undertake to advise, direct, or control them unless they ask for instructions themselves. No general in the West has asked for re-enforcements from the Potomac, and none have been sent, and I do not understand that you have bee authorized to call for them. Intelligence has reached here of the unconditional surrender of Fort Pulaski on the 12th instant. Our fire was terrible. I have no doubt of your being diligently occupied, but wish daily and full reports of the operations wherever you may be. General McClellan is actively preparing for his operations. No engagement of importance has taken place at Yorktown.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[10.]

NEW MADRID, April 15, 1862.

(Received 5.20 p. M.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Much obliged about information about Fort Pulaski. I will return to Pillow immediately. General Pope cannot get advices from General Halleck for several days in reply to his message.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[10.]

WASHINGTON, April 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following dispatch has just been received from the assistant superintendent of telegraph at Nashville:

Nashville, April 14, 1862.

We are now working well to Savannah, and will be working to Pittsburg to-morrow. Our army is encamped on the battle-field. General Mitchel took possession of Decatur and Stevenson yesterday. At the latter place 2,000 rebels fled on his approach. He captured five more locomotives and rolling-stock.

A. STAGER.

[10.]

---------------

*See VOL. X, Part II, p. 106.

---------------

