
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 28, 1862-9.15 p. M.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Pittsburg Landing:

The capture of New Orleans is confirmed to-day. The operations at Yorktown are progressing. We have no intelligence of any importance from any quarter. All eyes are turned toward Corinth, with confident expectation of great results.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg, April 28, 1862-4 p. M.

Major-General GRANT,

Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: You will to-morrow morning move forward one division to the position marked A in the accompanying sketch,* and support it by the advance of your other divisions. Guards and pickets will be pushed forward toward Monterey, and fatigue parties employed in making roads over the streams and marshes for an advance in full force.

H. W. HALLECKK,

Major-General.

[10.]

ORDERS, Numbers 19.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, GRANT'S CORPS D'ARMEE, April 28, 1862.

I. All the troops of this division will make immediate preparations to march, and will be prepared to move at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. At least three [days'] ratopms and forage will be taken along.

II. The allowance of tents will be two to each company, one to the field and staff of each regiment, two to the brigade headquarters, and three to the division. All surplus baggage, together with the sick and all incumbrances of every kind, must be left behind, and the troops be prepared for active service.

III. Each regiment must have on hand 100 rouns of cartridge for each man and another 100 rounds per man must follow in wagons. The thirteen wagons of the regiments will be distributed as follows: One to each company, one to the regimental field and staff, one to the surgeon, and one loaded with cartridges.

IV. The habitual order of march will be as follows: First, [McDowell's] brigade, with Morton's battery; second, bouton's battery; third, Buckland's brigade, fourth, Major Taylor and two batteries; fifth, Hildebrand's brigade; sixth, Stuart's brigade, and one battery to be designated by Major Taylor. Silfversparre's battery of 20-pounder Parrott guns will for the present remain in camp.

V. Colonels of regiments will designate some sick officers, who will remain in their camps to strike all tents, gather all regimental property, and remain in charge of it until further orders.

VI. The division surgeon, Doctor Hartshorn, will designate at least one medical officer to attend each regiment on its march, and leave a sufficient number, with the necessary medicines and stores, to attend the sick left behind.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

