
ORDERS, HDQRS. 5TH DIV., aRMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 25. Camp Numbers 6, May 18, 1862.

The Sixth Missouri Regiment Volunteers, Colonel Bland commanding, having reported at these headquarters, is hereby assigned to the First Brigade, General Morgan L. Smith commanding, and will report immediately.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, Camp on Corinth Road, Miss., Numbers 67. May 19, 1862.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 31. Cumberland Ford, May 21, 1862.

1. The troops first below named will constitute the first column for the march, and will leave camp to-morrow at an hour to be designated by Colonel Coburn and by him to be communicated to said troops:

2. Munday's cavalry as advance guard will constitute the right, next the Third Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Garrard; will be followed by the artillery in charge of Captain Foster, its chief; Coburn's brigadewill close the column.

3. The march will be adapted to the character of the ground, and the troops and wagons will be required to advace in column wherever it is practicable to do so, but under no circumstances will straggling be allowed.

4. To-morrow afternoon De Courcy's brigade, composing the second column for the march, will advance at such stages so that it will reach Lambdin's, on the Clear Creek road, on Friday.

5. On the second day's march Coburn's column will go into camp at or near the Clear Fork beyond Lambdin's, where it will await further orders.

6. Spears' brigade, except the Fourth Tennessee Volunteers, which is temporarily attached to Carter's brigade, has received special orders.

7. Carter's brigade (except the Third Kentucky Volunteers temporarily attached to Coburn's column) will hold Cumberland Ford, and on Friday at 11 a. M. Brigadier-General Carter will send or take a section of Lanphere's battery and two regiments of infantry and thirty cavalry out on the Kentucky road six miles toward Cumberland Gap, and having remained two hours in position the command will return to the camp on the north side of the Cumberland River.

