
8. On Saturday noon Brigadier- General Carter will make a feint against Cumberland Gap with such forces of his command, including artillery, cavlay, and infantry, as he may deem proper, leaving a certain force to procect MCumberland Ford. He will threaten the enemy during Sudnay and Monday, and if not otherwise indtructed by trhe commandingf general from the fild General VCarter will return to Cumberland Ford on Tuesday. It is the desire of the commanding general thatthe feint should be as earnest as possible without incurring serious risk to General Carter's command.

9. It is not imporaabable that a combined attack may be effected on Cumberland Gap from front and rear, which will depaend upon othere events first to be decieded. Committing our cause and the result of our enterprise to the protecting care of Almighty God, the geenal of division has the honor to salute his comrad3es in commalnd.

By command of Gene	L Morgan:

C. O. JOKINE,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[10.]

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, Camp on Corinth Road, Miss., Numbers 70. May 22, 1862.

1. Brigadier-General Manson, U. S . Volunteers, is assigned to duty with the Army of the Ohio, and will report to Major-General Buell, commandng, for orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major GeenrL Halleck:

J. C. IELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

GENEAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 7TH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 33. Cap Cumberland Ford, May 22, 1862.

The enemy having learned of our intention to attack him at Big Gap Vreek has percipitately fled and sought shelter behind the strong works of Cumberland Gap. Therfore the troops ordered to advance are directed to remainin their present camps until further orders.

By commandof General Morgan:

C. O. JOLINE,

Assistan Adjutant-	General.

[10.]

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 24, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON:

Colonel Daniels is within thirty- five miles of Fort pillow. He is in Dunklin County. Captured the steamer D. B. Miller, loadedwith a caompy of rebels and stores, en route to Memphis. He has parolded about 100 men, who have been impressed by the rebels, and has now 30 prisoners. The rebels had Lieutenatn-Colonel Irwin and 1 private killed and 3 men wounded. None of the unon troops hurt. The stemaer, if possibel, will be held until our troops cocupy Memphis. if obliged to abandont he stemaer, will burn her. The expediton self- supporting.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Briagadier0-General.

[10.]

