
CORINTH, June 5, 1862.

(Received 2.45 p. m.)

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President:

A dispatch from Grand Junction says it was reported therre that Memphis was evacuated on Saturday. I have nothing to confirm the report, and can hear nothing of the flotilla in the Mississippi River.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[10.]

FORT PILLOW, June 5, 1862.

(Via Cairo. Received 11.40 p. m. 8th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

On my return to Fort Pillow I found the gun- boats moving down the river. I presume that there will be no further obstacle unless we encounter one at Memphis.

CHAS. ELLET, Jr.,

Commmanding Ram Fleet.

[10./]

CAMP CUMBERLAND FOR, Jue 6, 1862.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor, Nashville, Tenn.:

Munday's cavalry, one regiment of infantry, and a siege train of four pieces have gone forward this morning. TH e brigades of De Courcy, Baird, and Carter, with htree batteries, march on the 7th, 8th, and 9th instant. The Pine Mountains are abrupt and steep, and tehe advance will be slow. My force being too small to divide, ad Cumberland Gap having been made too strong to attack in front with less than 20,000 men, I will leave it on my left flank and pierce Powell's Valley midway between Cumberland and Big Creek Gaps. I hope to attack the enemy before the concentrates his forces. I have just received a letter from Clinton giving the enemy's strngth at Big Creek Gap at 8,000; at Cumberland Gap, 6,000; at Clinton, one regiment, and at Knoxville 2,000 emn. The information is reliable. My force being too small to divide, I have ordered the end of Pine Mountian to be blown into this valley to protect my line of supplies. The route will be oblitereated, and every passage threatening my flank will be blocjkaded.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same dispatch, except address, to be sent to Colonel J. B. Fry, chief of staff of Major- General Buell, camp beyond Corinth, Miss.)

[10.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 7, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Your dispatch about Chattanooga and Dalton was duly received and sent to General Halleck.* I have just received the following answer from him.+

We have Forts Pillow and Rndolph, and Memphis.

A. LINCOLN.

[10.]

---------------

*See Lincoln to Halleck, VOL. X, Part I, p. 670.

---------------

+Ibid., p. 670.

