
captured with one of the prisoners. I was, from your dispatch, led to the conclusion that you were in possession of its contents, or I should have endeavored to have sent it to you earlier than this.

I am, veryrespectfully, your obedient servnant,

JAMES G. SP[EARS,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

P. S. - I am not satisfied that your dispatch intended me to return farther back at present than to Big Creek Gap, hence I remin here until further orders.

J. G. S.

[16.]

U. S. STEAM RAM SWITZERLAND, Memphis, june 16, 1862.

(VIa Cairo. Received 12 m. 18th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Mrs. Ellet and my daughter joined me yesterday. I acnnot but suppose from your kindness to Mrs. Ellet, telling [her] that I would be relieved, that you will approve of the temporary tranfer of the chied of command of my fleet to my brother, Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Ellet. The great prostration of my system points, I fear, to slow recovdrry. I can do nothing here but lie in my bed and suffer. I feel deeply the responsibility of transferring this fleet to any one. Teo weeks ago a deomoralization, proceeding wholly from cowardice, began to agitate the fleet. My attack on the rebel steamer at Fort Pillow introduced a more wholesome state of feeling. The crew that left the Queen of the West, and allowed volunteers to take their places, came to me and expressed their humiliation and begged me to give them another chance, promissing never to fail me again. It is that same crew that fulfilled so well a t Memphis. There is now a most excellent spirint prevailing, and a desire on the part of those who declined or had no opportunity to go into action to have their share of fame and approbation. Whether their confidence amongst such a heterogeneous material can be transferred to another is to be tested. The conspicuous part acted by [the] lieutenant- colonel at Memphis will make it easire for jim to command than any one else. I do no propose to leave Lieutenatn-Colonel Ellet any instructions. His own judgment will be a better guide to him than mine now.

Resepctfuly, yours,

CHAS. ELLET, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

[17.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 112. Corin th, Miss., June 18, 1862.

* * * *

2. Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton is hereby assigned toduty in the Army of the Mississippi, and will report to GeenrL Rosecrans to command the division of Brigadier General Schuyler Hamilton./.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[17.]

17 R R- VOL LII, PT I

