
[Inclosure.]

At a county court, held for the county of Putnam at the court-house therefor on Monday, the 22nd of April, 1861, it was ordered that the sum of $3,000 be appropriated for the purpose of purchasing arms for the people of said county, to be used for defending themselves and the State of Virginia, and that said sum be levied for and collected in the usual manner in which the county levies of said county are made and collected, and also the sum of $200 to pay the expenses of a special messenger to Richmond City, to be levied and collected in the same manner. But this levy of said $3,000 is only to take effect in the event that the Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia fails or refuses to supply said arms. And it is further ordered, that Major L. L. Bronaugh be, and he is hereby, appointed special commissioner to wait upon the Governor of Virginia for the purpose aforesaid.

Test:

RO. T. HARVEY,

Clerk.

[2.]

MONTGOMERY, April 23, 1861.

Colonel T. B. FLOURNOY, Little Rock, Ark.:

I will accept your regiment.* You will arm it and equip it from your arsenal Transportation will be provided. You will rendezvous it at Lynchburg, where you will be mustered into service. Let me know when you will depart and the route you propose.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 23, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

Meet the convention to-day; prospect good; nothing decisive done; Colonel Robert E. Lee here. He is the commander of the Virginia forces. No organization yet. General Scott not resigned, and I believe will not from the best information I get. Programme is to hold Fortress Monroe, Washington City, retake Harper's Ferry; to take and hold Memphis, and from that point with Western troops to open a line of communication with Pensacola.

ALEX. H. STEPHENS.

[2.]

CHARLESTON, [April] 23, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Virginia Forces:

Permit me to advise batteries with portable shot furnaces to prevent ascent of Potomac by steamers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[2.]

---------------

* See Flournoy et al., VOL. I, p. 688.

---------------

