
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 134 Corinth, Miss., June 29, 1862.

I. All property found in places which have been occupied by the enemy, believed to belong to the Confederate Government or to any Statre in reellion, will be seized and turned over to the proper department. If individuals should claim the same as private property, a receipt therfor will be given, stating the circumstances of teach case. The property so seized will be returned and accounted as fdirected by regulations and general orders.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[17.]

ENGINEER AND SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Memphis, June 29, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

The following facts arre respectfully submitted: The Memphis and Ohio Railroad is in good order fromteh city of Meemphis to Loosahatchee, a distance of twenty- seven miles. The bridge over Loosahtchede can be rebuilt in two and a half days; the lumber is all sawed and seasoned. The bridge over Big Hatchie is a large one, but a bridge aprtly framd is there ready to be thrown up, and this work, including rrestle- work, can be done in four days. I ca place the road in good order from this city to Humboldt in seven days, provided that I can have the engine and a few cars. This road when completed will become a most efficient arm of the service, fromt he fact that it places us in connection with the Mobile and Ohjio Rairoad, by whicxh road we have direct communication with Corinth, Gran Juctin, &amp; c. Should any breach be made in the Memphis and CHrleston Railroad, the Memphis and Ohio road will be serviceable. The present wants of the above roads are as follws: For the Memphis and Chaarleston Railroad, two engines, ten glat- cars, and twenty box- cars. For the Membphis and Ohio Railroad, two engines and ten glat- cars. This, witrh the box- caars which I have now on hand, willdo the business of the two raods

Veryrespectfully, &c.,

B./ W. SHARP,

ENgineer and Superintendent.

[17.]

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., June 30, 1862.

(Received 10.45. p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A flag of truce fromteh enemy at Chattanooga reprots the defeart of McClellan's army at Richmond, having been attacked in the rear by Stonewall Jacksona ndin front by Joe Jonston. I beg to be informed if this is true.*

O. M. MITHCEL,

Major-General.

[16.]

---------------

*For Stanton's reply, see VOL. XVI, Part II, p. 79

---------------

