
relieve Captain J. P. Hawkins, commissary of subsistence, inspecting commissary of the deaprtmetn, reporting by letter to the general commanding the district for instructions. Captain Hawkins, upon being relieved at Corinth, will report in person to the chief commissary of the deaprtmetn.

* * * *

By order of Major- General Halleck:

S. M. PRESTON,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[17.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 139. Corinth, Miss., July 20, 1862.

* * * *

3. No females will be allowed to leave Columbus, Ky., or any intermediate railway station by railroad, to join any part ofte army of this district without a special written permit from department headquarters or these headquarters. All females from abroad reamining within camp lines after the 31st instant, not having such permits, shall be arrested and sent out of the district. Divsion, brigade, post, regimental, a company commanders will see to the faithful execution of this order throughout their respective commands.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,Assistatn Adjutatn-General.

[17.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES IN KINTUCKY, Numbers 16. Louisville, Ky., July 21, 1862.

The following general orders are issued to be enforced by military commanders in the DIstirct of Kentucky: No person hostile in opinion to the Government and desiring its overthrow will be allowed to stand for office int the DIstirct of Kentucky. The attempt of such a person to stand for office will be regarded as in itself sufficient evidence of his the reasonable intent to warrant his arrest. He who desires the overthrow of the Government can seek office under the Government only to promote its overthrow. In seeking office he becomes an active traitor if he has never become one otherwise, and is liable, both in rasona ndin law, to be treated accordingly. All persons of this description who persist in offering themselves as candidates for office will be arrested and sent to these headauarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Goyle:

JOHN BOYLE,

Captain and Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 100. July 29, 1862.

Captain J. H. Odlin, assistant adjutant-geenral, is assigned to duty at these headquarters.

By order of General Rosecrans:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[17.]

