
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 33. In Camp, Huntsville, Ala., July 22, 1862.

The following orders in reference to the military telegrap lines and operators in this district will be observed, viz:

1. Lines and stations will be established only by the superintendent of telegraphs in accordance with instructions of the general commanding, and they will be discontinued or changed by the seme autuority only, except when operators are accompanying movable columns.

2. Ooperators will be assigned to duty, and transferred or relieved by the superintendent alone.

3. The operators at all camps and stations will be put upon the sme footing as clerks in the quartemaster's or commissary deaprtments, and will be furnished with tents or suitable quarters and iwth such office tables an seats as the quartermaster may be able to procure or make. Operators are expected to provide their personal camp outfit, mess furniture, bedding, &amp; c. They will be allowed one ration a day each (in kind), and in the field will be assigned by the commanding officer to some suitable mess, or given such facilities as the case may allow for messing themselves.

4. No one but the regularly detailed orderlies shall enter the telegraph offices without special permit from the commandng officer; nor shall any person loiter or lounge in or about them. Guards will be posted fort he execution of this order.

5. The commanding officer shall see that the operators remain habitually at their posts (one being at all times, night and day, with the instrument), and that they are attentive to their duties, and will report any neglect to the sueprintendent of telegraphs or to the commanding gneeral.

6. Military dispatches shall have precednce over all commercial or private business, and, if necessary, to the entire exclusion of the last. Operators must exercise a sound discretion in relation to forwarding military dispatches, sending first those whihc are most important.

7. The excessive use of the telegraph for business which is unimportant, or whichcould be t ransmitted by mail, is interfering materially with the public interests and must be discotinued. Important dispatches only will be sent by telegraph, and they will be made as brief as is consistent with a lear epression of the meaning. Operators shall invite the attetnio of the commanding officer of the station to any nonobservance of these requirements, and report them, if necessary, to the sperintendent for the action of the commanding geenral.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES. B. FRY,

Colonel and CHief of Staff.

[16.]

Near Lexington, Ky., July 24, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN:

DEAR SIR: Our community has been thrown into great excitement by the raid of the reble John Morgan, who styles himself in his first proclamation as acting brigadier-general, an in the last, colonel in the CONfederate Army. He stated on different occasions and places that he had received thousands of letters from secessionists here urging him to come into Kentucky; that thousands would flock to his standard, &c. He has been signally disappointed. It is doubtful yet whether he will be able to cross the State line and effect his escape.

