
The official reports, however, will inform Your Excellency in a few days of every particular. Almost all the Federal troops had been withdrawn from the State, and it required sme days to collect a sufficient force of cavrly to pursue him and at offensively. May of our Union citizens have requested me to write to YOur Excellecy and to suggest the placing of two regiments of cavalry on the line of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and two more regiments on the line of the lexington road to Cumberland Ford or Gap, for the purpose of protecting the puyblic property. YOu will, however, doubtless receive similar suggestions from Generals Boyle and Morgan. As this guerrilla mode of warfare appears to have been generally adopted by the rebel authoriteis, it is absolutely necessary that in some mode it sould be conteracted.

With my best resepcts to Mrs. Lincoln, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's friend and obedient servant,

THOS. H. CLAY.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 144. Corinth, July 25, 1862.

I. Herafter all cahrge of political prisoners will be left withthe provost- marshal, under direction of the provost- marshal- general.

II. All prisoners confined will have their cases examined into with as little delay as practivabvle, and the result of the examination reported to these headquarters.

III. The provost- marshal- geenralwill be charged with granting permits to all persons not connected with the army to pass over the railroads and tjhroughthe lines, with such restirctions as are or may be ordered.

IV. Major-General Ord, commanding post, will furish the provost- marshal- geenral with all orders heretofore issued pertaining tot he duties from which this order relieves him.

By order of Major General U. S . Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[17.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQAURTES ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 35. In Camp, Huntsville, Ala., July 26, 1862.

Captain J. G. Chandler, assistant quartermaster, is announced as chief quartermaster in the field on the staff of the general commanding.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel adn Chief of Staff.

[16.]

HEADUQARTES FIRST DIVISION,

Tuscumbia, July 28, 1862.

General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch just received from General Rosecrans. Unless every one is deceived an attack will be made upon Eastport. The west line of the road seems at present most in danger. I have received no information

