HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY of the MISSISSIPPI,Tuscumbia, Ala., August 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Missisipi:

Two trestle bridges burned last night east of Courtland. No through train to Decatur in consequence. Telegraph line down. Arrangements will be made to have both reapired to- morrow. Illicit trade is being carried on upon the Tennessee River between Eastport and Florence. All boats should be stopped at Eastport and examined. Four prisoners brought in to- day suspected of firing upon steam- boats and destroying property on the river. I am informed that the owner of the plantation where the bridges were burned has been arrested. I intend to hold owners along the line responsible for the safety of the raod. News from the front to- day is that there is a cvavlry force of some 200 at Frankfort and some 400 at Russellville. Several lots of cotton at different stations along the line. What had better be done with it!*

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Dvision.

[17.]

TAZEWELL, August 6, 1862 - 1.30 p. m.

Captain JOLINE,

Assistatn Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have to report that our line of pickets had been driven in and two companies of the Sixteenth probably cut off. The brigade is now holding the hills in rear of the town. To retire now would be courting a rout. I require help the more particularly as the enemy may turn me by the Knoxville road. The enemy is now planting artillery. Yours, respectfully,

JOHN DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commnadng Twenty- sixth Brigade.

[16.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVSIION, ARMY OFT HE MISSISSIPPI,Tuscumbia, Ala., August 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Mississippi:

Nothing of importance to communicate to- day. Train went east this morning with a party to repair road. Information received this afternoon from Courtland that me repairing telegraph line some eight miles east of that place were fired on by guerrillas; some two or three wounded. Still have reports of a cavalry force at Russellvialle in numbers larger than was reported yesteday. Our cavalry well out to the front to- day for the purpose of getting more reluable information as to numbers. All quiet along our lines to- day from Courland west tot his place and to Iuka. Our back reports will be forwarded at the earliest possible moment. Would have gone to- day but for the returns of one regiment.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding First Division.

[17.]

---------------

*For Elliott to Morgan, see VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 154.

---------------

