SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OFT HE OHIO, Numbers 138. Huntsville, Ala., August 19, 1862.

* * * *

III. Brigadier General W. S. Smith is assigned to the command of the Seventeenth Briade, and will report to General Rousseau, commanding Third Division.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[16.]

LOUISVILLE, August 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

Hold your force at Danville. Send forward two of your best companies to ascertian more accurately the force oft the rebels. If it is too large to attack, fall back to Lebanon. Colonel Metcalfe started to Richmond on a scout at 8.30 p. m.

By command:

H. C. McDOWELL,

Assistatn Adjutant-Geneal.

[16.]

LOUISVILLE, August 19, 1862.

General SMITH:

You will send Captain nicklin with his artillery back to Lebanon, Send Colonel Halisy's men back with it. Proceed toward Somerset or London with the cavalry, and if practicable and desirable unite with Colonel Metcalfe and take command. Ascertainteh force of the enemy, and if practicable feel the enemy and engage them, if you are sure you can whip tehm. YOu must get subsietence as you go. Purchase it and give certificates for fair prices. Call on people to furnish to you, and make secessionists do it, but do it in order. Have no marauding by your men. Metcalfe was at Richmond this morning. No rebels had been there. He has gone toward London, probably by way of Mount Vernon. Dispatch received says no rebels at Somerset or vicininty. Rebel vavarly reported driven back by Colonel Garrard at london.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commandgn.

[16.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S . FORCES IN Kentucky,Louisville, August 20, 1862.

Major Gne. LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL; The enemy, inforce not known, has gained the rear of General Morgan at Cumberland Gap, destroyed his trains, cut off all communiction, &amp;c. For the purpose of opening communication with the gap, and securing the safe transmission of army stores to U. S. forces at that point, you will prepare and take such portion of the forces at Lexington under your command, and make such reconnaissance, ascertaining the strength of the eemy, and if practicable engage him, and drive him out, and open the route to the gap. Colonel Metcalfe,

