
II. Brigadier Gens. M. D. Manson, Charles Cruft, adn James S. Jackson will immediately report to Major-General Nelson for assignment to duty with the troops under his command.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[16.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, August 25, 1862.

Colonel W. H. H. TAYLOR,

Present:

DEAR SIR: In compliance with you request, I put down a few of the points of our converstaion yesterday. The Cincinnati press has even taken pains to abuse me personally. I am not depaendent on the press in any manner, never having sought popularity. In fact, I despise popularity obtained by the usual process of flattery an pusillanimity. I could easily win the applause of the masses by stooping to practices that would degrade me in my own estimation and that of posterity. I have had many opportunities to take a leading position, but have purposlely declined all, because I do not think that I ought to lead or determine a policy whenI do no profess to see clearly the end. In Kentcky I foresaw or thought I foresaw, opposition that called for a force taht, att he time, seemed ridiculous or absurd. Time had proved the truth of my represetatins. I have been with General Halleckever since and know that he appreciates my motives and ahcracter. Since my arrival here the same game is played. I admit that thr press succeeded in impairing my usefulness. I am no personally injured, as I would be most happy if ay other would assume my labors and responsiblities and allow me tog o to Saint Louis tolive in peace. But personally OI know there can be no peace anywhere in Americ till this war is broughy to a close, and this is no speedy thing. There are over 6,000,000 of people in the South, every one of whom is a keen, bitter enemy. The men are born and trainded to arms. They have educated leaders, as good, if not better, tahnours. On the whole, they are united, whilst our people and press appear more determined to ruin our army than that of the enemy. See the number of leaders already consigned to doom. As soon as any man rises abvove mediocrity he is made that bvutt for all the arrows of the envious or disppointed. Success is demanded, adn yet the means to attain success are witheld. Military men are chwhilst the vultures are tuned loose. We must be silent, whilst our defamers are allowed the widest liberty and license. We dare not speak the truth unless that truth be palatable to the crowd. Reputations are notmade by the honest soldiers who stand by the ir colors, but by the crowd that flies back to their homes and employ the press. Our cause is in danger from this alone. It will soon be hard, if not impossible, to get military emn to expose their reputations to such dangers, more insidious and sure of destrutin than the bullets of our enemis.

I do say that, instead of using our minds to measue the danger in advancem, we are bungling along, having bitter experience as we go. To pull down one man and build up another has been more the work of this war than to destroy the power of the enemy. Thus any child may see how merchants, to make $1 a barrel on slat, furnish our enemy the means of putting up 2,500 pounds of bacon- enojgh for a regiment for ten days. To make a vew dollars on pistols, they supply

