
the guerrillas with the means of killing our soldiers. "Commerce must follow the flag" sounds well, but in truth ocmmerce supplies our enemy the means to destroy that flag and the Gonvernment whose emblem it is. I have no hesitation in saying that the possession of the Mississippi River by us is an advantage to our enemy, for by it and the commercial spirit of our people they (the enemy) get, directly or indirectly, all the means necessary to carry on the war. This is not a popular idea, but is true. About the sick, I am held upon to the people of Ohio as a monster because I won't let the sanitary committee carry off our sick. We take the best care of our sick here. Wehn they recover they go on duty. If carried away they seldom return. After Pittsburg you know that 5,000 men were carried off without their papers, and poor fellows now hunting their regiments suffer for want of the evidence which Government demands before giving pay, rations, and clotihng. The parties who carried them away, instead of taking the blame to themselves, try to throw it off on hard- hearterd quartermasters and commanding officers. They who carried off our men are to blame, and no we. We came near being defeated from this cause, and the same prbably has led to McClellan's failure, for I see he had 70,000 absent without leave, who, by the muster- rolls, were supposed to be before Richmond. This is a monster evil and should be combated as much as any other enemy of a distracted country. I intend to be governed by "law and the regularly contituted authorities," and not be the press. If the press is to rule, and Congress and the President abdicate their powers, then we can choose what to do.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[17.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 3. Louisvialle, Ky., August 25, 1862.

Brigadier G en. W. T. Ward is assigned temporarily to duty in this deaprtment, and will proceed without delay to munfordville, Ky., and assume the command of the troops at that point.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright, commanding Department of the Ohio:

C. W. FOSTER,Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 7 [6] 1/2 Cincinnati, Ohio, August 28, 1862.

Brigadier General H. M. Judah, having reported for duty in this deaprtment, is assigned temporarilyto the command of the organized regiments at Camp Dennison, Ohio.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

[16.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 7. Cincinnati, Ohio, August 29, 1862.

The Ninety- fourth Regiment Ohio Volunters, now at Covington, Ky., will proceed without delay to take post at paris, Ky. The regimental

