
commander will report his arrival at Paris by telegraph to Major- General Nelso, at Frankfort, Ky.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistatn Adjutatn-General.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT of the OHIO, Numbers 8. Cincinnati, Ohio, August 30, 1862.

The commanding officer oft the Ninetieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, now at Covington, Ky., will proceed with his regiment without delay and report to the commanding officer at Lexington, Ky. * * * By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistatn Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[16.]

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE OHIO, Numbers 2. Louisville, Ky., September 2, 1862.

The civil authorities being wholly unable to furnish proper protection to either person or property within the county of Jefferson, in the State of Kentucky, martial law is hereby rpclaimed within the said district, in order that such protection may be afforded. This proclamation of martial law does not interfere with the regular civil tribunals, except sos far as necessary for the public safety; and in the enforcement of martial law the civil laws of the United States and the State of Kentucky will be observed as far as practicable. All orders issued from the headuqarters of the Department of the Ohio, or those of the officers in command of the U. S. forces at Louisvialle, will be strictly obeyed.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Deaprtmetn.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQAURTERS DEPARTMENT OFT HE OHIO,

Cincinnati, Sepetmer 5, 1862.

Resepctfully forwarded tot he Adjutant-General of the Army for the information of the honorable Secretary of War, and requests his approval.

The within order was issued after consultation with Governors Morton, of Indiana, and Robinson, of Kentucky, both concurring with me in the opinion that it should be issued.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major- General, Commanding.

[16.]

PROCLAMATION.

The undersigned, by order of Major- General Wright, assumes command of Cincinnati, Covington, and Newport. It is but fair to inform the citizens that an active, daring, and powerful enemy threatens them with every consequence of war, yet the cities must be defended and their inhabitants must assist in the prparation. Patriotism, duty, honor, and self- preservation call them tothe labor, and it must be performed equally by all classes.

