
I. All business must be suspended by 9 o'clock to- nday. Every business house must be closed.

II. Under the direction of their mayor, the citizens must, within an hour after the suspension of business (10 a. m.), assemble in their convenient public places ready for orders. As soon as possible they willthen be assigned their work. This labor ought to be that of love, and the undersigned trusts andbelieves it will be- anyhow, it must be done. The wiling shall be properly credited, the unwilling promptly visited. The principle adopted is: Citizens for the labor, slofiers for the battle.

III. The ferry- boats will cease plying the river after 4 a. m. until further orders.

Martial law is hereby proclaimed int the three cities; but until they can be relieved by the military the injunction of this proclamation will be executed by the police.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1862.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 1. Cincinnati, September 2, 1862.

All places in the cities of Cincinnati, Covington, and newport where liquours of any kind are sold must be closed at 4 o['clock this mroning. All sales are prohibited. Upon failure or refusal, stcks on hand will be confiscated for sanitary purposes.

By order of Major-General Wallace;

I. C. ELSTON,

Aide- de- Camp and CHief of Staff.

[16.]

MAYOR'S PROCLAMATION.

MAYOR'S OFFICE, CITY OF CINCINNATI.

In accordance with a resolution passed by the city council of the city of Cincinnati on the 1st instant, I hereby request thaqt all business of every kind or character be suspended at 10 o'clck of this day, and that all persons, employers and employes, assemble in their resepctive wards at the usual place of voting, and then and there organize themselves insuch a manner as may be thought best fort he defense of the city. Every man of every age, be he cvitizen or alien, who lives under the protection of our laws, is expected to take part in the organization.

Witness my hand and corporate seal of the city of Cincinnati this 2nd day of September, A. D. 1862.

GEORGE HATCH,

Mayor.

[16.]

MAYOR'S PROCLAMATION.

MAYOR'S OFFICE, CITY OF CONCINNATI,

September 2, 1862.

In accordance with the proclamation of Major-General Wallace,* I give this public notice that the police force of this city will, until further orders, act as a provost guard, and I order and ejoin upon all good

---------------

*See p. 277.

---------------

