
citizens to respect and obey them as such. Any disregard of orders fromthegeenral commanding through the police will be enforced strictly.

GEORGE HATCH,

Mayor.

[16.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,CIncinnati, Ohio, September 2, 1862.

Captain JOHN A. DUBLE:

SIR: It is highly essential to the defense of Cincinnati that such land forces as may assemble here have the assistance of armed boats. Such boats can defend the eight and left of the lines to be established on the Kentucky shore, and as the river is fordable at the present stage of water inseveral places above and below this city, light- draft stemaers to observe such fords could be of great consequene. You will therfore select such stermers as you think adapted to the service, aend prepare them as you best can for instant use. I will furnish arms for you as fast as they can be procured. Report to me your progress.

Resepctfully,

LEWIS WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMERN OF THE OHIO, Numbers 12. Cincinati, Ohio, September 4, 1862.

* * * *

2. The Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, now at Maysvialle, Ky., will proceed without delay to Cincinnati, Ohio, and on its arrival the commanding officer will report to Major General Lew. Wallace for furtehr instructions.* * *

* * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistatn Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 37. Cincinnati, September 5, 1862.

Major R. M. Corwine is hereby instructed to proceed at once to organize for immediate service on the Ohio River all able- bodied men now within the county of Hamilton who owe miltary duty and reside contiguous to said river outside the limits of thecity of CIncinnati. They shall be detailed for duty fort he present at such points and loclaities on the Ohio River as said Corwine may deem proper. The chief object of this order is to provide, in connection with the gun=- bo9at service, the necessary guard and protetion to the people and their property on the Ohio RIver and its vicinity, and to that end all arre thus organized, and their officers shall be uinder the command of said Corwine unless required for duty on some other sievice, when they will be subject to the order of Major-General Wallace, commanding general.

By order of Lewis Wallace, major- general, commanding: L

I. C. ELSTON,Aide-de- Camp and Chief of Staff.

[16.]

