
The members of the council beg leave, in conclusion, to state that, acting under the emergency which prompted the passage of the resolution, they entered upon the performance of the duties imposed on them, and so far as they have been consulted or ventured or ventured to make independent suggestion the ulmost harmony has existed between the Governor and council, but they feel convinced that under the resollution as it now stands they cannot render that effective service which the public exigncy demands.

JOHN. J. ALLEN,

President of the Council.

The council respectfully advice that the companies from the University of Virginia be sent back to Charlottesville.

It being suggested to the council by the Governor that the rooms in the cumstom-house assigned to the clerk of the Federal courts have been appropriated by the military, the council respectfully advise that the Governor issue an order directing the possession of the said rooms to be restored to the clerk.

President Davis having informed the Governor that thirteen additional regiments of the troops of the Confederate States have been ordered on to Virginia, it is respectfully advised that the Governor reply to the President that Colonel Robert E. Lee being about to assume command here, it will be best to delay the march of the troops mentioned until he shall receive a communication from Colonel Lee. And it si further advised that the Governer communicate the telegram received from President Davis and the answer thereto to the telegram received from President Davis and the answer thereto to the convention.

On a suggestion made by the Governor the council advise that no volunter companies be mustered into service when the complement of men falls bellow the minimum required by law; and that mere informalities in the rools of companies should be no barrier to mustering in such companeis as may have a full complement.

The governor submitted a communication form John B. Baldwin, inspector-general, asking instructions as to mustering in the companies composing the First Regiment of Virginia Volunteers, he having been notified by Captain Cary, commanding one of the companeis, of the unwillingness of both himself and many of his soldiers to be mustered in as a part of the regiment, preferring rather that their services should be accepted as and independent company. Whereupon, advised by the council that as the course insisted on by Captain Cary would end in the total disorganization of the regiment, the inspector-general be instructed to muster in the regiment as a whole and not by companies.

It being suggested to the council by the Governor that sundry vessels have been seized by his orders and are now detained, and advice being asked in relation to the disposition of such vessels, cargoes, ad crews, the council advise that the officers charged with the naval defenses of the James, York, Rappahannock, and Potomac Rivers and their tributaries be directed to inspect the vessels so seized; to cause a valuation and assessment of damages to be made of any such vessels and their cargoes as may be absolutely necessary to be detained for the defenses of the State; to take immediately measures for the preservation of such vessels and cargoes as may not be discharged and discharge all such as are not essential to be retained, and give certificates to the officers and crew for their pay from the line of detention until discharged.

The cuncil direct the insertion in their journal of the following resolutions, adopted by the convection in response to the communicaton this day made by the council to that body:

1. Resolved, That in the appointment of a council of three by the convention, upon the nomination of the Governor, to aid, counsel, and advise him in the exercise of his executive authority int the present emergency, it was not the purpose or intention of he convection to confer on the council the power to control the Governor in the

