
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 1. Point Pleasant, Va., October 1, 1862.

In compliance with Special Orders, numbers 39, from headquarters Department of the Ohio, dated Cincinnati, Ohio, September 28, 1862, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Western Virginia and the counties in Ohio adjacent thereto and bordering on the Ohio River. Consolidated reports of the strngth oft ehir commadns from commandants opf brigades andunatached regiments, ad also from the mediacl firector and chief quartemaster and commissary, as tothe condition of their resepctive deaprtmets, will at once be made to these headquarters.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-Geernl of Volunteers.

[16.]

GEENRAL HAMILTON'S RIGHT,

October 2, 1862 - 3.30 p. M.

General ROSECRANS:

Geneal Sullivan has gone down to attack on General Davies' right. General Buford commads the right, and is rapidlyclosing on the enemy's flank. As I write General Sullivan is engaged. Ihave recommanded Geenrl Hmilton to keep his artillery well in. He cannot use it here now. One battery I have sent down to Sullivan.

A. C. DUCAT,

Lieutenatn-Colonel, &amp;c.

They are shelling the place where I write. I doubt if I shall be able to reahc you by the Purdy road. Isend a copy of this round outof fire an this one by the Purdy road. We are losing many men and the engagemetn is geenral and fast increasing. I have accomplished all you sent me to do and superintended all the movements and formaitons as you directed.

[17.]

HEADUQARTERS ARMY of the MISSISSIPPI,

October 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding Secodn Division:

GENEAL: If yuou have not already sent out a party of skirmishers on your front (the rebel works), the general recommends that you do so, and feel the woods on the flanks of the Bolivar road. A short distance beyond the abatis on your front on the Bolivar road there is a good command which needs watching. There is also a road to the left from the BOlivar road at the above- mentioned ridge. There is a bridle path on your left going through therebel works and the abatis, which will need your attention. It is betweenthe BOlivar and Chewalla roads. By order of Major- General Rosecrans:

ATHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistatn Inspector-General.

[17.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 4. Point Pleasant, Va., October 4, 1862.

The following- named officers are announced as upon the staff of the brigadier- geenral commandng the district, and will be obeyed and

