
respected accordingly: Captain Wiliam L. M. Burger, assisttn adjutat- genral; Captain T. Benton Brooks, chief engineer; Captain Vincent Phelps, chief quartemaste; Captain Leander C. Noble, asistatn quartermasster; Lieutenant Henry M. Bragg, aide- de- camp.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[16,]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 47. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 5, 1862.

1. Colonel F. S. Rutherford, Ninety- seventh Illinois Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his regiment, now in Cincinnat, Ohio, and report to Brigadier G en. A. J. Smith, commanding U. S . forces, Covington, Ky. * * *

2. Colonel J. A. Lucy, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his regiment, now in Cincinnati, Ohio, and report to Brig General A. J. Smith, commanding U. S. foces, Covington, Ky. * * *

* * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistatn Adjtuant-General and Chief of Staff.

[16.]

OCTOBER 6, 1862.

Major- General HURLBUT:

Push enemy toRiply and Orizaba. He pushes column by Blackland, and one by Rienzi, Booneville, and Baldwyn, and one by Jacinto.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[17.]

HEADUQARTES ARMY of the MISSISSIPPI,

Jonesborough, October 7, 1862 - 11 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I dispatched you last night. Our advnce is now at Ruckersville, or near there. Ihave been trying to determine whether Price and Van Dorn stick together and the routes of retreat. Th e question is still unsettled, but portion of Price's train cmped west of the Htchie, and a larger portion of Van Dorn's trin reported to have camped west of the Muddy. Fromthefront the nes looks as if they haad not separated. You are a figting general. Yu must support us. We have watched railroads and points long enough. Now is the time to make them watch. Now is the time. Move heaven and earth toget what you want- your artillery in shape, &amp;c.,- and let us go into them. We can do it, and others must look out for thcountry we leave inour rear. Sunrise dispatch recieved. Sherman should move down on Pillow and the other people who rally to him. We want you. If we are opposed we must fight an whip. At least you must not leave your position now. YOur position is a good one. You say it is my bvictory. I consider half of it yours. You have gained the last of it and certaily not the least. I have ordered fifty wgons of provisions to you. Let us go on. We have the whole thing before us. Wht says Grant to this!

By order of General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector- General.

[17.]

