
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQDAUARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 1. Covington, Ky., October 7, 1862.

I. The undersigned, pursuant to Special Rofers, numbers 51, headuqarters Department of the Ohio, October 7, 1862, hereby assumes command of the Army of Kentucky.

II. Brigadier General A. J. Smith is assigned to the command of the advznce forces, and will roganize it into brigades as the necessities of service may require.

III. The depot of supplies, of subsistence, forage, ordnance and ordnance stores, camp and garrison equipage, quartemaster's property, andmedical supplies will for the present be at Covinton and Cincinnati, and requisitions for the same will be made through these headuqareters upon the chiefs of the respective departmets.

IV. Semi- weekly reports, onMondays and Tuesdays, of the strnght, whereabouts, and codnition of the comma dwill be made through regimental, brigade, and division commanders to the ese headuqaters.

V. On all marchez, scouts, reconnaissances, patrols, &amp; c., the officer commanding the same will be required to observe carefully the coutnry, its roads, streams, briges hills, residences of important presons, towns, cities, the direction and distances betweenimportant points, a ndraods running parallel or nearly so- in fact, every topographicl feature of the country that could possible be of benefit in a military point of view. All thies must be set forth in a sketch and report and submitted tot he division commander.

VI. Captain F. E. Walbridge, assistant quartemaster, is temporarily assigned to duty with Grig. General A. J. Smith, and will report to him accordingly.

By order of Major General G. Granger:

T. G. BEAHAM,

First Lieutenant, Second Iowa Ca., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENCTUCKY, Numbers 2. Covington, Ky., October 8, 1862.

All regimental and supply trains will be fitted out with nules instead of horsees. Horses will be emoloyed in ambulances only except when mules cannot be obtained. All wagons, trins, & c., now supplied with horses will as early as practicable be supplied with mules in their stead, and no horses willhereafeter he drawn except by express authority fromt hese headqaurters.

By order of Major G ne. G. Granger:

T. G. BEAHAM,

First Liutenatn and Aide- de- Camp.

[16.]

SPEICIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO. Numbers 54. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 9, 1862.

* * * *

4. The commanding officers of the Ninety- sixth and One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers will proceed with their regiments, whicxh are expected to arrive at Cincinnati to night, to Covington, Ky, and report to Major General Gordon Granger, commandng Army of Ketucky. * * *

* * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[16.]

