
HEADUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,

Bolivar, Tenn., October 13, 1862.

Colonel NOBLE,

Commanding Secodn Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: Allow me to call your attention to two yong men of your command of whom you may well be proud, S. G. Barker and A. L. Burnell, of Company C. They were ordered to report as orderlies to General Veatch on the morning of the 5th, a short time before the battle commenced. During the day they were under my control, andmost of the time with me, and I am happy to say their conduct was entirely satisfactory, both in regard to courage and promptness to do duty. I am confident there were many offiacers highly complimentd for courage andaring on that day that were not so sorely exposed or faced the danger with more courage than they. I deem this notice but fair and just tot he parties herein spoken of, as merit should be noticed wherever found, a ndI consider it my duty to mention them to you as they were separated at the time from your immediatenotice.

I have thehonor to be, colonel, veryresepctfuly, your obedient servant,

F. W. FOX,

Assistatn Adjtuant-Geneal.

Corpl. A. L. BURNELL:

The colonel commanding directs me to express his gartifiaction in view of your good conduct insituations of danger, which attaracted the notice of the general. It will be remembered by him.

Very respectfully,

J. K. CATLIN,

Adjutant.

[17.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. ADVNACE FORCES, Numbers 1. Camp near Williamstown, Ky. L, October 14, 1862.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 3, dated headquarters oft e Advnce Army of Kentucky, Falmouth,. Ky., October 13, 1862, the undersigned hereby assure ms command of the First Division, Army of Kentucky, composing all the U. S. forces at present statined in the neighborhood of Williamstonwn, Ky.

W. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadiler-General, Commanding.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., ARMY OF KENCTUCKY, Numbers 2. Camp near Williamstown, ky., Octobver 14, 1862.

The following officers are announced upon the staff of the brigadier- general commanding: Captain William L. M. Burger, assistatn adjutat- geenral; Captain Napoleon B. mcLauglen. acting assistatn inspector- general Captain Leander C. Noble, chief quarteramster; Captain Molyneux Bell, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain T. Benton Brooks, of regiment of New York Volunteers, aide de- camp; Lieutenant Henry M. Bragg, aide- de- camp; Lieutenant Henry W. Hubbell, Jr., aide- de- camp.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[16.]

