SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 65. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 15, 1862.

The commanding officers of the Fourteenth kentcky and Thirty- third Indiana Volunteers will proceed without delay with their resepctive regiments, now in this city, to Covington, ky., and report to Major General G. Granger, commanding the Army of Kentucky. * * *

* * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

C. W. FOSTER,Assitant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 4. Near Williamstown, ky., October 15, 1862.

The camp of this division will be struck and the troops in readiness to march by 7 o'clock to- morrow morning, the 16th instnt, in the following order: First, Colonel Tevis' cavalry brigade; secodn, Colonel Swaine's brigade; third, division headuqarters; fourth, Colonel Doolittle's brigade, the artillery in front. Regimental trains, except ambulances, will follow int heoreder of precedence directly behind the brigade to which they belong, accompanied by a guard of two men to each waton. Ambulances will follow directly behind their resepctive regiments. A regimental rear gurard of one sergeant and ten men will precede the regimenatl ambulances to pick up stragglers. It will be their duty to allow no one to ride in the ambulances without permission of the regimental surgeon or assistant surgeon. A rear guard of there companies fromteh Third Brigade will follow, keeping 300 yards int the rear oftherear train. The field officer of the day will see to the esecution ofthese orders during the march. Reveille will be at 3 a. m. By order of BrigadierGeneal Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 6. Covington, Ky., October 17, 1862.

First Lieutenant Thomas G. Beaham is announced as aide- de- camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Cpat. J. G. Taylor and First Lieutenant J. S. Fullerton, as aide- de- camp o the staff of the general commandng the Army of Kentucky. They will be obeyed and respected a ccordingly. By order of Major G en. Gordon Granger:

T.. G. BEAHM,

First Lieutenant, Second Iowa Ca., Actg. Asst. Adj. General

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 7. Jones, Ky., October 18, 1862.

The division will advance to- morrow morning at 8 o'clock precisely, in the order prescribed for in the recent march fro Williamstown. At that hour the brigade will be on the pike ready to move, the head of the column resting one mile beyond Jones' Bridge, the advance gaurd in front of that point. Reveile will be at 3 o'clock precisely. Animals will

