
be fed and watred and canteens filled by 6 o'clock. Knapsacks will be carried by the men. No man will be allowed to ride on ambulances or baggage wgaons without permission of his regimental or brigade surgeon. pickets will be drawn in at 7 o'clock. An advanced guard, comprised of five companies from Colonel Swaine's brigade and one company fromColonel Tevis' brigade, under a field officer detailed by Colonel Swaine, will be in its position on thepike by 7.30 o'clock. Colonel Doolittle will detail a rear gaurd of three companies of infantry. Two companies of the Twenty- second Wisconsi, under Major Murray, will remain to gaurd the commissary store and such sick as may necessarily be left behind.

By order of Brigadier-General Gillmore:

W. L. BURGER,

Captain and Assistatn Adjutant-Geneal.

[16.]

CYNTHIANA, KY., October 19, 1862.

Colonel WISNER:

You will allow no slaves to cvome within your lines at any time. Citizens must not be interfered with intherights of their property. All orders for confiscation or assessment of property comes ffom headquarters; otherwise there will be inteminable trouble. I hope, colonel, you will see that this order is fully executed. I sent order with regard to supplies and forage thei smornign.

G. CLAY SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[16.]

CINCINNATI, October 19, 1862.

General G. C. SMITH, Cynthiana:

You will send down two regiments immediately to Paris and the section of artillery now with you. I will send you to- morrow one regiment and a battery of artillery.

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General, this ought to have been sent lastnight.

FRISBIE.

[16.]

PARIS, Ocvtober 19, 1862.

General G. C. SMITH, Cynthiana:

Marshall, with 3,000 troops, was at jeffersonville day before yesterday and moved upon and took possession of Mount Sterling, and from thence to Sharpsburg yesteday, and in pursuit of Wadsworth, who was retreating to Marshall will come and attack Pris.

GARRETT DAVIS.

[16.]

PARIS, KY., October 19, 1862.

General G. CLAY SMITH:

I cannot find out what route Morgan has retreted, but I have scouts out inall directions.

M. WISNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[16.]

