
CORINTH, MISS.,

October 25, 1862 - 2.30 p. m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I must respectfully plead that you may be pleased to permit Lieutenant Stephan C. Lyford, Ordnance Corps, U. S. Army, to be insepctor- general on my staff. He has been doing a colonel's duty, and has been offered four colonelcies of volunteers since the commencement of the war, which show how he is appreciated and at what a sacrifie he is retained in his present posiion. It is not to please myself, but for justice to merit, and forth e interest of the service that I urge the request.

W. S. ROSECTRANS,

Major-General, Commandgn.

[17.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 26, 1862.

Major-TGeenal ROSECRANS,

Corinth:

Your telegram of yesterday tothe President has bee sent tothe War Deaprtment. Your conduct in this matter is very reprehensible, and I am directed to say that unless you immediately obey the orders sent to you you will not receive the command.

H. W . HALLECK,

General- in- Chief.

[17.]

CAIRO, ILL, October 27, 1862 - 11.40 a. M.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General- in- Chief:

I was astonished at your dispatch. I am obeying orders as fast as the ordinary mans of travel will carry me. My telegraph only means to say, as I could not get conveyeance from Cairo before this mornign, I would spend the time in completely windingup my affirs at Corinth instead of lying idle at Cairo. If you desier more, please say what, and it shall be done if possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[17.]

HEADUQARTERS,

Bolivar, Tenn., October 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Colonel Leggett returned last nith and reports no enemy in force this side of Davis' Mills except cavalry. About 400 cavalry passed up through La Grange to Somerville yesterday mroning, and the report is that 200 have gone on toward Cosqnaula, whether to cross the Htchie or not I do not know. I have cautioned the officer in command of foarge party tobe on the lookout for them. I propose to send a regiment of infantry from your division and a section of artillery, with what cavalry is avilable, this morning out on the Whiteville road. The expeditio is to be under the command fgo Colonel Johnson. I think you had better send Colonel Johjnson's regiment and a section of Spear's battery, the infantry and artillery to go as far as Whiteville

