
and the cavalry to push on in the direction of Costanaula, and also to make a thorough reconnaissane in the diretion of SOmerville from Whiteville. You will please give the necessary orders, and instruct that portion of your command which is to go to hold themselves in readiness to start as soon as the cavalry reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

P. S. - Ascertain if possible if the rebel cavalry have crossed the Hatchie and the direction in which the enemy is moving.

[17.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 86. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 27, 1862.

Captain William P. Anderson, assistatn adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to the major- general commandng, is assigned to temporary duty at these headuqarters

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 9. Lexington, Ky., October 27, 1862.

I. The headuqarters of the Army of Kentuky are for the present established in this city.

II. Brigadier General Quincy A. Gilmore is hereby assigned to the command of this post.

III. Commissioned officers, enlisted men, temasters, m camp followers, or citizens will not be allowed to leave this post without passes from the headuqarters of the post commander. All railfoad companies, stage companies, and other public carriers will be held to a strit responsibility for any and every infraction of this order.

IV. General Gilmore will at once appoint a provost- marshal and organize a competent provost guard to aintain good order and quiet throughout the limits of the city and within the lines of his dicviion. He will aso appoint a depot quartemaster, commissary, and ordnance office.

V. The idiscriminate arrest of persons upon hearsay evidenc only must be henceforth discontinued.

By command of Major General G. Granger:

J. S . FULLERTON,

First Lieutenant, Second Missouri VOL. Infty., and Aide- de- Cmap.

[16.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 10. Lexington, Ky., October 27, 1862.

Captain E. P. Rnsom, commissary of subsistence, is assigned to duty as depoty commissary of this post. He will be obeyed and resepcted accordingly, and will report to Brigadier-General Gillmore for orders.

By order of Major G en. G. Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON,

First Lieutenant, Second Missouri VOL. Infty., and Aide- de- Cmap.

[16.]

