
CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 28, 1862 - 2.10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General- in- Chief:

I apologize to you for the dispatch to the President, which was inadvertently signed officially. It was intended only as the appeal of a private citizen to the President in a special case where were concerned the public interest on one hand a d a worthy young man on the otehr. I would have asked your permission had I had the opportunity.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[17.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 90. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 29, 1862.

* * * *

2. Brigadier General J. Ammen, U. S . Volunteers, now inCincinnati, Ohio, will relieve Brigadier General J. C. Davis, u. S . Volunteers, inte command of the U. S . Forces at and near Covington and Newport, Ky.

3. Brigadier General J. C. Davis, U. S . Volunteers, on being relieved by Brigadier General J. Ammen, U. S . Volunteers, fromte hcommandof the U. S. forces at and near Covington and Newport, Kuy., will proceed to Louisville, Ky., ad report for duty to the commanding geenral of the Army of the Ohio.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutnt-General and Chief of Staff.

[16.]

JACKSON, TENN., November 1, 1862 - 4.30 p. m.

(Received 9.20 p. m.)

Major Gne. H. W. HALLECK:

I resepctully recommend the promoti9n of Brigadier- General Oglesby.

U. S . GRANT,

Major- General.

[17.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., NOvember 1, 1862 - 7.40 p. m.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in- Chief:

General Cox reports from Charleston yesterday that part of rebel forces retreated from that place on approach of our troops, part reterating by the Boonetown road an part going up to Gauyley Brigdge. He was pushing forward as fast as practicable. Crook was at Suton, moving toward Summersville and Gauley Bridge. The river was rising. Governor Moron's military sercretary telegraphed yesterday that he was in Wshington, and that they had no complete regiments. Two were nearly full, but not mustered, and n money to pay bounty. I telegraphed you to- day that there regiments had just gone to General Grant from Illinois, and that ten more would go nest week. Morgan's command is in Western Virginia with Geenarl Cox, who has been

