
several times instructed to send the whole or a part back as soona s it can be spared. I will telegraph him agin in the mtter.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-Genera, Commaidng Department of the ohio.

[16.]

GEENRAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS, Numbers 15. Bolivar, Tenn., Nobermber 2, 1862.

The order of march will be as follows: First, Second Illinois Cavalry; second, advnce gaurd, two regiments of infantry, First Brigade, Fourth Division; third, two companies of Engineer Regiment; fourth, balcne of First Brigae; fifth, battery of artilley, Captain Mann, First Missoui; sixth, Second Brigade, Fourth Divsion; seventh, two batteries of a rtillery, Bolton's and BGurnap's batteris; eight, Third Btighade, Fourth Division; ninth, train of Fourth Division; tenth, ne squadron Seventh Illinois Cavalry; eleventh, First Brigade, Tird Division; twlfth, two batteries of artillery, Company First Illinois Battery and Ninth Indiana Battery; thirteenth, Second Brigade, Third Division, with the exception of one regiment; fifteenth, train of Third Division; sixteenth, rear guard, regiment of infantry; seventeenth, SeventhIllinois Cavalry. Secodn Illinois Cavalry will form onGrand Junctin raod, in front of Fourth Division, at 6 a. M. to-b morrow, march at 6.15, halt at forks of road leading to Van Buren; First Briade, Fourth Division, will march at 6.30 a. M. Second Brigade, Fourth Division, will march at 6.50 a. M.; Third Brigade, Fourth Divisionj, will march at 7.20 a. m. First Brigade, Third Division, will march at 8 a. M.; Second Brigade, Third Division, willmarch at 8.20 a. M.

* * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

W. T. CLARK,

Asistant Adjutant- Geenal.

[17.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 14. Lexington, Ky., November 3, 1862.

Captain F. E. Walbridge, assistant quaqrtemaster, U. S. Volunteers, is announced as chief quartemaster; Captain G. W. Burton, commissary of subsistence, U. S . Volunteers, as chief commissary; and Captain W. L. Avery, Seventy- first Ohio Volunter Infantry, as aide- de- camp on the staff of the geernal commandng the Army of Kentucky. They will be obeyed and resepcted acordingly.

By order of Major G. G. Granger:

T. G. BEAHAM,

First Lit., Secodn Iowa Ca., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[20.]

GENERAL ORDER, HEADUQARTERS ARMY OF KENCTUCKY, Numbers 15. Lexington, Ky., November 4, 1862.

I. Passes will not be required from and after this ate for citizens to pass and repass within a ciruit of ten miles from the city of Lexington.

II. Persons desirous of leaving the State, or going beyond the limits presrcribed above, must obtain passes for that purpose from the proost- marshal in this city, or from the commanders in the immediate vicinity of their homes.

