
at Edgefield Junction I sent four companies of cavalry to look you up. They ran into Morgan at Gallatin and had to make good time. However, now that I have hard from you, all will be well. Rosecrans informs me you are to cross the river, and occupy a front to the left of Nashville. I can communicate with yuou there. I am also ordered to send you 50,000 rations, which will be done as soon as I can know the point at which you want them. They do not give supplies at Mitychellville as fast as I can haul them away. I can throw into Nashville 200,000 rations per day if they would only ship them to Mitchellville. Everything safe here, and no considerable enemy at hand. Kenett's cavalry was ordered by Rowcrans from Springfield to Scottsville on the 5th instant, and marhed on that day for Scottsville. Since then I have not heard fromthem and do not now know where they are. If you come over to Rural Hill I will meet you. Suppose you meet me at the Hermitage to- morrow at 12 o'clock. If you can send me word I eill be there, ior if any point on the Gallatin and Nashville road would suit you better, I will meet you there. Let me know at once.

Very truly, yours,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[20.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDWRS. DEAPRTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 107. Cincinnatim, Ohio, Novermber 10, 1862.

* * * *

2. The One hundered and twentierth Regiment Ohio Volunteers (Colonel D. Frech), now at Covington, ky., is assigned to the First Division of the Army of Kentucky (Brigadier G en. A. J. Smith, U. S. Volunteers), and will proceed direct without dely to join its division at Memphis, Tenn.* * *

3. Brigadier General A. J. Smith, U. S . Volunteers, will proceed with his (First) division of the Army of Kentucjky, now at Nicholasville, Ky., and report to the commanding officer at Memphis, Tenn. * * *

* * * *

By order of major- General Writh:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistatn Adjutant-Geneal and Chief of Staff.

[20.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 18. Cincinnati, Ohio, November 10, 1862.

I. Surg. Levi H. Holden, U. S. Army, is announced as a member of the deaprtmetn staff and medical director of the deaprtmetn, to date from Septemberr 1, 1862.

* * * *

By command of major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistatn Adjutat-General and Chief of Staff.

[20.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OFT HE OHIO, Numbers 112. Cincinnat, Ohio, november 13, 1862.

1. The Third, Fifth, and SIxth Regiments Tennessee Volunteers, of Brigadier General J. G. Spears' brigade, ordered to Cincinnati, Ohio, will on

