
II. It will be regarded as evidence of disloyalty for persons to go beyond the lines of the army to purchase cotton or other products, and all contracts made for such articles in advance of the army or for cotton in the field are null and void, and all parties so offending will be expelled from the department.

III. Freight agents on military railroads will report daily to the post provost-marshal all cotton or other private property shipped by them, and when shipments are made by telegraph to the provost-marshal at Columbus, Ky., who will seize the goods for the benefit of the Government.

IV. The Federal army being now in the occupancy of West Tennessee to the Mississippi line, and it being no part of the policy of the Government to oppress or cause unnecessary suffering to those who are not in active rebellion, hereafter, until otherwise directed, licenses will be granted by district commanders to loyal persons at all military stations within the department, to keep for sale, subject to the Treasury regulations, such articles as are of prime necessity for families, and sell the same to all citizens who have taken or may voluntarily take the oath of allegiance, and who have permits from the provost-marshal obtained under oath, that all goods to be purchased are for their own and for their families' use, and that no part thereof is for sale or for the use of any person other than those named in the permit. Permits so given will be good until countermanded, and all violations of trading permits will be punished by the forfeiture of the permit, fine, and imprisonment, at the discretion of a military commission.

V. Particular attention is called to existing orders prohibiting the employment or use of Government teams for hauling private property. All cotton brought to stations or places for shipment in this department by Government teams will be seized by the quartermaster's department for the benefit of the Government, and persons claiming such property expelled from the department. It is made the duty of all officers, and especially of local provost-marshals, to see that this order is ragidly enforced.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[17.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 123. Cincinnati, Ohio, November 20, 1862.

* * * * *

2. Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Volunteers, now in Cincinnati, Ohio, is relieved from duty in this department, and will comply with the instructions he has received from headquarters of the army, dated the 17th instant.

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[20.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Numbers 2. Fort Pickering, November 23, 1862.

I. In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 94, headquarters District of Memphis, November 23, 1862, the troops composing the First Division will be prepared to march by Wednesday morning, the 26th instant.

