
garrison for this place and the guard for the railroad should be sent to report to General Paine as soon as possible. It would also be very advantageous if a regiment of cavalry could be left with Paine. I learn to-day that a portion of Morgan's cavalry is in the Cairo bend of the Cumberland. If so, could not some cavalry be sent from Nashville to get in their rear and capture them or cut them to pieces.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS.

[20.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 135. Cincinnati, Ohio, November 26, 1862.

1. Brigadier General S. P. Carter, U. S. Volunteers, accompanied by his assistant adjutant-general and aide-de-camp, will proceed to Louisville, Ky., and there carry out the verbal instructions he has received from the major-general commanding.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General and Cheif of Staff.

[20.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., DIST. OF MEMPHIS, Numbers 2. November 26, 1862.

The order of march of the Third Division will be as follows:

I. The Fifth Brigade, Colonel Buckland, will down upon the Hernando road, starting at the hour of 9 a. m.

II. The Sixth Brigade, Brigadier-General Lauman, will follow the Fifth Brigade, forming promptly upon the same road, and being ready to move forward by the hour of 10 a. m.

III. Waterhouse's battery will follow immediately in the rear of the first regiment of the Fifth Brigade; Cheney's immediately in advance of the rear regiment of the same brigade; Roger's battery immediately in the rear of the first regiment of the Sixth Brigade.

IV. The train of each regiment will follow immediately in the rear of the regiment and the division train at the rear of the division, except the Twelfth Indiana Regiment, which will constitute the rear guard.

V. The strictest order and discipline will be preserved upon the march; no straggling from the ranks, no pillaging and plundering, and no discharging of fire-arms in sport or wantonness will be allowed, and officers will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of their men.

By order of Brigadier-General Lauman:

H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjtuant-General.

[17.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Numbers 3. On the March, November 26, 1862.

I. The Sixth Brigade, General Lauman, will march to-morrow, November 27, 1862, promptly at the hour of 7 a. m.

II. The Fifth Brigade will follow as soon as the road is clear.

III. Rogers' battery will follow the advance regiment of the Sixth Brigade; Cheney's the advance regiment of the Fifth Brigade; Waterhouse's battery between the third and fourth regiments of the Fifth Brigade; the division train at the rear of the division.

20 R R - VOL LII, PT I

