
IV. Colonel Buckland, commanding Fifth Brigade, will detach one regiment from his command as guard to the division train, to march at the rear of the division.

By order of Brigadier-General Lauman:

H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[17.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General DAVIS,

Commanding Ninth Division:

GENERAL: Colonel Bruce has telegraphed from Russellville that 1,200 rebel cavalry crossed the Cumberland yesterday at Harpeth Shoals. The general commanding desires you to send out two good regiments of infantry from your division in wagons to-night, with three days' rations, along the White's Creek road in the direction of Clarksville, with a view to intercept, and if possible cut them to pieces. The commanding officer of the infantry will be instructed to stop occasionally, get out, and examine the tracks on the cross-roads, or at points where they may have passed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General NEGLEY,

Commanding Post:

GENERAL: Major-General McCook directs you to send out to-night, in wagons, an expedition of two regiments of infantry with three days' rations, along the Charlotte pike. The object is to capture guerrillas, for which purpose guides must be carefully selected, the roads and tracks carefully examined, and the guerrillas, if met with, roughly handled.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB BATES,

Aide-de-Camp.

[20.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend to your favorable consideration the appointment of Cols. E. N. Kirk, Thirty-fourth Illinois, and W. H. Gibson, of the Forty-ninth Ohio, for brigadier-generals. They both fought gallantry at Shiloh, and in their camps and duties comport themselves in such soldierly manner that fully entitles them to promotion. They each command brigades, and I would not make this recommendation did I not know I ask but justive to these brave, competent, and gallant officers. I hope that you will interest yourself in their behalf. They command and fight intelligently and will honor the position I so

