
earnestly seek for them. Colonels Kirk and Gibson are both natives of Jefferson County, Ohio, and every hill and valley dear to us. They are worthy - very worthy - of the star.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[20.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. La Grange, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

The troops of this command will be prepared to move at daylight to-morrow morning. The order of march will be as follows:

First, Second Illinois Cavalry; second, advance guard, two regiments of infantry; third, brigade Fourth Division; fourth, battery of artillery; fifth, brigade Fourth Division; sixth, two batteries of artillery; seventh, brigade Fourth Division; eighth, train Fourth Division; ninth, First Brigade, Third Division; tenth, two batteries of artillery; eleventh, Second Brigade, Third division; twelfth, two batteries of artillery; thirteenth, Fourth Brigade, Third Division, with the exception of one regiment; fourteenth, remaining artillery; fifteenth, train of Third Division; sixteenth, rear guard, one regiment of infantry; seventeenth, Fifth Ohio Cavalry. The Second Illinois Cavalry will form on the Holly Springs road, beyond the bridge, at 6 a. m. to-morrow, and will march at 6.45 a. m. precisely. The Fourth Division will move at 7 o'clock a. m., the commanding officer of Fourth Division designating and reporting to these headquarters the brigades and batteries as assigned by him in the column. The Third Division will move at 8.30 a. m. precisely. The ammunition wagons and ambulances will follow their respective regiments, and the remaining teams will occupy their proper places in the division train. The trains, batteries, and the cavalry will move in time to take their proper places and not delay the straggling will be rigidly enforced. No soldier will leave the ranks except when absolutely necessary, and then only upon a pass signed by his immediate commander, approved by the commanding officer of the brigade.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]

GALLATIN, November 28, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

Do you wish me to move on Lebanon? If so, I suggest that one brigade taken post at Carthage. It can go there with perfect security and observe the country as far as Gainesborough and cover the railroad as far as Bowling Green or Munfordville. Can get its supplies from Gallatin, about thirty miles, and can communicate with the main body by good road, and be on the lookout for any move of the enemy from Sparta. The main body at Lebanon can get its supplies from Gallatin, and thus facilitate an accumulation of supplies at Nashville. The troops thus posted will threaten both Sparta and Murfreesborough and divide the attention of the enemy.*

G. H. THOMAS.

---------------

*For reply, see Rosecrans to Thomas, November 29, VOL. XX, Part II, p. 105.

---------------

