
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 30. Lexington, Ky., November 28, 1862.

Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain William E. Merrill, Corps of Engineers, is hereby announced as chief engineer of the Army of Kentucky, to date from October 12, 1862. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. By order of Major General G. Granger:

T. G. BEAHAM,

First Lieutenant, Second Iowa Cav., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[20.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Nashville, Tenn., December 1, 1862.

Colonel W. B. HAZEN,

Forty-first Ohio, Commanding Nineteenth Brigade:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 29th instant [ultimo] has been received and contents noted. In reply to your inquiry I would respectfully state that I was "general officer of the day" of the Army of the Ohio, and had command and charge of the entire front on that day. Your brigade, of Nelson's division, was engaged in a heavy skirmish with the advance posts of the enemy. General William Nelson and myself were in company. General Buell rode up to the advance where we were. General Nelson, in my presence and hearing, made the following report to General Buell:

Some of Colonel Hazen's brigade has been skirmishing heavily with the enemy. Colonel Hazen is down there in command; got up out of a sick bed, contrary to the advice of his surgeon, and I have told him to go to his quarters, but he persistently refused, and his gallantry is unequaled, and, general, I do wish you would order him away.

I would also state that any one who would say that you, who have such a reputation in this army for gallantry and attention to duty, would absent yourself from the post of duty, and particularly in the quainted with you, or he intentionally, basely, and falsely perverts the facts, and can have no appreciation of truth.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Numbers 5. Chulahoma, Miss., December 1, 1862.

I. The troops of this command will be in readiness to march at 7 a. m. to-morrow, December 2, 1862, with one day's cooked rations in haversacks.

II. No transportation will be taken except ambulances. The Ninety-third Indiana Regiment will be left behind to bring up the train.

By order of Brigadier-General Lauman:

H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]

