
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 31. Lexington, Ky., December 1, 1862.

Captain L. D. Watkins, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, is hereby announced as chief of cavalry of the Army of Kentucky. All returns, reports, requisitions, &amp;c., from the cavalry will be submitted to him.

By order of Major General G. Granger:

T. G. BEAHAM,

First Lieutenant, Second Iowa Cav., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[20.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 3, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information the following papers, viz: First. General Orders, Numbers 84, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, in reference to Federal military violations of the laws and usages of war, with retaliatory provisions, special and general. Second. An extract of a communication from Clarksville, Tenn., giving a statement of the outrages committed upon private citizens, and their deplorable condition, under the military authority as administered there. Third. Copy of a report from the commanding officer of my picket forces in your front, detailing the depredations which marked the route of one of your reconnoitering parties a few days since, under the orders and sanction of its officers. Fourth. Extract from the report of another picket officer on the Lebanon road, in which he gives the statement of a reliable citizen as to the system of rapine indulged in by another one of your reconnoitering parties. I deem it unnecessary to enlarge upon the subject as presented in the papers submitted to you. I could multiply almost indefinitely authentic complaints from widely separated parts of my department setting forth a similar condition of affairs, as consequent upon a visit or occupation by your troops. Inasmuch, however, as in your highly esteemed favor of the 29th ultimo you foreshadowed a correction of the previous existing causes of complaint by declaring your intention to observe the usages and laws of war, I shall place a generous construction upon the late occurrences and hope that t your knowledge, and will meet with a prompt correction and punishment. Awaiting your reply,* I shall abstrain from the disagreeable duty of considering the steps which a suffering people and an outraged civilization will demand, in order to put a stop to such an extended and uniform system of unparalleled and savage warfare.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[20.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 146. Cincinnati, Ohio, December 4, 1862.

* * * * *

2. Brigadier General S. P. Carter, U. S. Volunteers, and Colonel J. P. T. Carter, Second Regiment Infantry East Tennessee Volunteers, now at Louis-

---------------

*See VOL. XX, Part II, p. 121.

---------------

