
for duty with the Fortieth Brigade. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the regiment, including camp and garrison equipage and officers' horses.

X. Brigadier General M. D. Manson, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the post of Bowling Green, Ky., and will proceed to that place, accompanied by his staff, and assume command of the post and troops composing its garrison. On being relieved by General Manson, Brigadier General R. S. Granger will repair to these headquarters and report in person for duty to the major-general commanding.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Oxford, December 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General DENVER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: You will, if possible, get your train across the Tallahatchie to-night, and park it in the field across the bottom, on the west side of the road. You will march from Abbeville (in the case you get no farther than there to-night) at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, cross the river, and go into camp in good position on the hill, on the west side of the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

[17.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, December 24, 1862.

JOHN A. DUBLE,

Late Commander U. S. Gun-boat Service, Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: I am instructed by Major General H. G. Wright, commanding this department, to express to you his high appreciation of the energy and zeal with which you have pursued your duties and the gratifying success which has attended your labors as chief of the gun-boat service in this department, and he takes this occasion to commend you to the most favorable consideration of the Government you have so efficiently served.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[20.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 179. Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1862.

Colonel J. A. Wilcox, One hundred and thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his regiment from Camp Dennison, Ohio, to Louisville, Ky., and report to Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, commanding District of Western Kentucky. * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[20.]

