
Commonwealth in the present common impending danger to be under the chief control of the President of the Confederate States of America immediately upon the same principles, basis, and footing at if said Commonwealth was member of the Confederacy and the Constitution for the Provisional Government. The convention has passed an ordinance adopting our Provisional Constitution. Delegates will be sent to the Confederate Congress on its meeting. I give you substance; particulars by mail. Will requisition be made for volunteers on the Executive of Virginia, as has been done on other Confederate States? Let me hear immediately. I am exceedingly gratified at the result of my mission.

ALEX. H. STEPHENS.

[2.]

L. P. WALKER:

To go to Washington, even could I get there, which I learn reliably would be impossible, would defeat my object. Telegraph office at Washington seized last Friday. Residents there leaving. Matrial law prevailing. No communication between Washington and Virginia for some days. Every approach cout and guarded. Nortfolk Bay line to Baltimore open at present. I go to Alexandria first and then to Norfolk. Maryland Legislature meets to-morrow. All birdges between Washington and Philadelphia destroyed. Maryland believed to be with us. Georgia troops narrowly escaped destruction between Willmington and Weldon by cutting of bridges. Now throughly guarded. Colonel Lee plating batteries at Arlington Heights. Richmond full of troops.

[2.]

D. G. DUNCAN.

MONTGORMERY, April 25. 1861.

Governor J. W. ELLIS,

Raleigh, N. C.:

I shall have to supply with arms three regiments from Tennessee and one from Arkansas that rendezvous at Lynchburg. Va. Can you send this Government 2,000 percussion mustets to be send to Lynchburg?*

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, April 25, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans:

Will you send one regiment or two to Richmond? It is important for me to know.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

NEW ORLEANS, April 25, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

One regiment leaves Saturday, and the next in three or four days after if equipments can be got ready.

THO. O. MOORE.

---------------

* See Ellis to Walker, April 25, Volume I, p. 487.

---------------

3 R R-VOL LI, PT II

