SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 40. Cincinnati, Ohio, January 21, 1863.

* * * * *

2. Brigadier-General White, now at Chicago, Ill., by direction of the General-in-Chief, having reported to these headquarters for duty, will at once proceed to Louisa, Ky., and assume command of the Eastern District of Kentucky, his headquarters to be in the field. * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

W. P. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Camp Ward, Nashville, Tenn., January 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It is with great difficulty that the details from this command for scouts and pickets can be made, for the following reasons: Men fit for duty, and whom it is intended to detail, go to town without passes, stay as long as they please, and are not arrested. I have no means of punishing these men, and would therefore respectfully beg you to assist me in this matter. A number of our men who have mutinied were placed in confinement in town, but the guards of the prison and the provost guards of the city allowed them to roam about in perfect freedom. A number of men in camp, finding that be refusing to obey orders they can have good food and quarters in town, with the freedom of the city, are becoming disobedient. To-day two men, Longmire and Castle, of Company L, refused to go on picket. I would wish to confine them in some place and in such a manner as to convince them that they are being punished. Captain Atkinson, when in command, and other officers have repeatedly complained of the way the men can get about without hindrance, but without effect. By letting me know how to proceed in this matter and where I shall place those I wish to arrest, you will oblige,

Your most obedient servant,

A. VEZIN,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Pennsylvania VOL. Cavalry.

[20.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,CENTER, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Nashville, Tenn., January 24, 1863.

Captain VEZIN,

Commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

CAPTAIN; In answer to your communication of to-day, the general commanding directs me to say that it your duty as commanding officer to enforce your orders by placing these men refusing to do duty or absenting themselves from camp without your permission under arrest, and inflict punishment. If these men refusing to obey orders cannot be kept any other way, you will send them to the jail at Nashville and order them to be kept there, subject to your orders. As commanding officer you must enforce obedience at all hazards, trusting to your own judgment the manner in which it should be done. For the present you

