
cannot be relieved from the detail for scouts and vedetts. You will see that the detail reports promptly every evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. WISEMAN,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, &amp;c.

[20.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 7. Lexington, Ky., January 25, 1863.

I. Pursuant to instructions received from headquarters Department of the Ohio, Major General Gordon Granger hereby relinquishes command of the District of Central Kentucky to Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore.

II. Captain H. C. Ransom, chief quartermaster, will transfer all Government property in his possession to Captain H. J. Latshaw, assistant quartermaster.

III. Captain John A. Irvine, assistant commissary of subsistence, will transfer the subsistence stores now in his possession to Captain Edward P. Ransom, commissary of subsistence.

By order of Major General G. Granger:

WM. C. RUSSELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 1. Lexington, Ky., January 25, 1863.

In conformity to General Orders, Numbers 7, from headquarters Army of Kentucky, dated Lexington, Ky., January 25, 1863, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Central Kentucky, and all the U. S. forces serving therein. All regiments, battalion, or companies within this district, not hitherto under the command of the undersigned as commander of the Second Division, Army of Kentucky, will at once make a report in detail of the strength and condition of their respective commands to these headquarters, and hereafter all reports required by existing orders, until brigaded. All orders issued by Major General G. Granger while in command of this district will remain made for the present: First Brigade, under command of Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer infantry, will be organized as per instructions by letter. Second Brigade, under command of Colonel Ben. P. Runkle, Forty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, will be organized as per instructions by letter. Third Brigade, under command of Colonel Charles C. Doolittle, Eighteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry, will be organized as per instructions by letter.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 2. Lexington, Ky., January 25, 1863.

The following-named officers are announced as upon the staff of the brigadier-general commanding this district, and will be obeyed and

