
II. On being relieved from duty at Danville, Colonel Gilbert will resume command at Franfort, Ky., without delay.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 60. Young's Point, La., March 1, 1863.

* * * * *

8. The work on the canal in front of Vicksburg will be prosecuted day and night until its completion, and for this purpose Major General John A. McClernand and Major General W. T. Sherman will detail one-half of the effective force (exclusive of guards and extra-duty men) of each regiment of their respective commands at this place to report each day at 7.30 a. m. under arms, with one day's rations, at that portion of the canal assigned to them, to the engineer officer of their respective army corps. This detail to commence to-morrow, 2nd instant, and be made daily until the engineer of the corps states that the work assigned each regiment or brigade has been completed, or is in such condition that a smaller detail is all that can be worked to advantage. * * *

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

Joint resolutions relative to a vote of thanks to Major General Lew. Wallace for service rendered at Cincinnati.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That the thanks of the people of this State are due, and are hereby tendered through their General Assembly, to Major General Lew. Wallace, for the signal service he has rendered to the country at large in connection with the army during the present war, and especially for the promptness, energy, and skill exhibited by him in organizing the forces, planning the defense, and executing the movements of soldiers and citizens under his command at Cincinnati in August and September last, which prevented the rebel forces under Kirby Smith from desecrating the free soil of our noble State.

Resolved, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to Major General Lew. Wallace.

JAMES R. HUBBELL,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

P. HITCHCOCK,

Pro Tempore President of the Senate.

MARCH 4, 1863.

SECRETARY OF STATE'S OFFICE,

Columbus, Ohio.

It is hereby certified that the foregoing resolutions are correctly copied from the original roll on file in this office.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed the great seal of the State of Ohio the 5th day of March, 1863.

W. W. ARMSTRONG,

Secretary of State.

[16.]

22 R R - VOL LII, PT I

