
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 19. Lexington, Ky., March 7, 1863.

Captain T. B. Brooks, New York Regiment Volunteer Engineers, and aide-de-camp, is hereby appointed chief engineer for this district, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

MARCH 11, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding Forces at Versailles, Tenn.:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that I furnish you with the following copy of his instructions for the expedition on which you are now engaged.* General McCook directs that you govern your operations by the above directions and orders you will receive from these headquarters. Put yourself in communication with General davis, and report frequently to these headquarters the condition of your command, and any information you may gain of the movements of the enemy. If you desire your camp and garrison equipage, or any portion of it, you can order it brought forward to you.

By order of Major-General McCook:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, March 11, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding Forces at Versailles:

GENERAL: General Davis reports the enemy in considerable force at Unionville. It is desirable to know whether this report is correct, and General McCook desires you to send out scouts or a small force of cavalry to observe and report upon the condition of affairs at Unionville, or on the Unionville pike, as far as they can get without danger of being captured or cut off by the enemy. The general also directs me to say that General Davis is ordered to remain in his present position at Triune, or fall back to the Salem pike, as circumstances or the condition of affairs in his front may determine. You will keep up constant communication with General Davis, and in case he falls back you will retire toward Salem, as indicated in instructions sent you this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY CORPS,Camp on Stone's River, March 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIS,

Commanding Forces on Salem Pike:

GENERAL: Major-General McCook directs that you remain in the position on the Salem pike designated in your letter of instructions

---------------

*See Garfield to McCook, embodied in Thrall to Granger, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 128.

---------------

