
that neighborhood makes this order necessary. It is also in accordance with instructions received from department headquarters. The general desires the brigade sent at an early hour to-morrow morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,March 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIS:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that your men strike tents, load camp and garrison equipage, and, if you think your present camp in an unsafe position, have your train reported here and disposition will be made of it; also that you move forward with your brigade to Salem and assume command. The cavalry brigade beyond Stone's River is to report to you for instructions immediately. It is new cavalry, and the general desires that you do not trust it on any turning maneuver, but use it only for picket or observation. General Sheridan has been ordered to hold himself in readiness to move to your support as soon as you desire. One of his brigades moves to-morrow to take position on the Shelbyville pike, so as to protect the pike bridge and picket-line on that front. If the enemy attack you in superior numbers at Salem, use your discretion about withdrawing or falling back. The general desire that you keep him advised as to the condition of affairs constantly. He does not hink Salem will be attacked, and states that if it is attacked it must mean a general advance of the enemy on Murfreesborough. A line of couriers should be immediately established between Salem and General Sheridan's headquarters, and we will extend them at once to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 25. Lexington, Ky., March 24, 1863.

Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is hereby assigned to duty as commandant of the post at Lexington. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All troops in this vicinity except the First East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry are under his immediate command.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 25, 1863.

Captain SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry:

SIR: In accordance with your order of this p. m., I sent the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, to drive the

