
MURFREESBOROUGH, March 26, 1863.

General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that you relieve the two brigades of the Second Division now at Salem with two brigades of your command. General Johnson was directed to keep the general commanding the corps advised as to the condition of affairs in his neighborhood, and he has instructions to use his own discretion as to the management of his forces. The general desires that these instructions be also given you, and that the line of couriers now posted, connecting Salem with the Stone's River bridge on the Salem pike, be continued.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 86. Young's Point, La., March 27, 1863.

* * * * *

5. Major General C. S. Hamilton, U. S. Volunteers, having tendered his resignation, is, at his own request, hereby relieved from duty in this department, and will report to Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C., by letter.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

CINCINNATI, OHIO, March 30, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are some persons in this town who want to go South, and who ought to be sent there, for they are doing harm here, and yet there is no positive proof or excuse for arresting them. I do not want to send them through my lines just now. Can I have authority to send them to City Point via Baltimore and Fort Monroe? I think it important that they should be sent, and the earlier the better. Can I have an answer from this to-night?*

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Ohio.

[23.]

CINCINNATI, OHIO, March 31, 1863.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I telegraphed you yesterday in reference to sending some person in this city over the lines via City Point, but have received no reply. I shall start to-morrow morning some females in charge of an officer to care of General Dix, and hope you will authorize their transfer into the

---------------

*For reference to this dispatch (not received by Stanton), see Stanton to Burnside, March 31, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 196.

---------------

