
moment. We forgot everything. We were tkane on board of the gun-boat Somerset, and treated very kindly by Captain Crosman. We were sent to Key West, and from there to Beaufort, S. C. At this place we were ordered to report to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners at Washington. Colonel Hoffman gave us a report to forward to the general of this department through my colonel, stating it would be unjust to place us in a position to be retaken again, for if we were we should be tried and executed as spies. Colonel Hoffman then ordered us to report to our regiments, which we did, and arrived at this place during the month of February, and were put on duty in the company and have been doing duty ever since. We have never remunerated for money expended, nor have we been paid anything for rations not drawn. We enlisted to serve the Federal cause, and are willing, if the country demands it, to give our lives; at the same time we would like to be placed in such positions that we need not fear the gallows; nor yet do we wish to leave the service, for there are certain parties in the Confederacy, so styled, that we would like to meet again, but not in the same circumstances we did at first.

We certify the above to be a true and correct statement.

MARK WOOD,

J. ALFRED WILSON,

Members of Company C, 21st Regiment Ohio Vols., U. S. Army.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 118. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 4, 1863.

1. Brigadier-General Boyle is relieved from duty in the District of Western Kentucky. He will at once proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to the Secretary of War.

2. Brigadier General H. G. Wright, now in this city, will at once proceed to Louisville, Ky., and assume temporary command of the District of Western Kentucky.

* * * * *

5. Brigadier-General Ammen is hereby relieved from duty at Camp Douglas, Ill. He will at once proceed to Columbus, Ohio, and assume command of the troops in that vicinity, making Camp Chase his headquarters.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 27. Lexington, Ky., April 4, 1863.

The counties of Fayette, Bourbon, Clark, Jessamine, Woodford, and that portion of Franklin east of the Kentucky River, are hereby relieved from the restrictions of martial law, proclaimed in General Orders, Numbers 26, issued from these headquarters, and dated Lexington, Ky., March 25, 1863.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

