
Middleton road communicate from time to time with Colonel Gibson - the Shelbyville and Middleton roads running nearly parallel-and also that frequent reports be sent to these headquarters of progress, &amp;c. Also of the movements and information of the enemy. You will please report the name of the brigade commander on the Middleton road at these headquarters.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THURSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 40. Lexington, Ky., April 20, 1863.

Colonel William P. Sanders, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, having been assigned to duty as post by Special Orders, Numbers 6, from these headquarters, is hereby appointed chief of cavalry in this district.

By command of Brigadier General O. B. Willcox:

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

APRIL 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARTFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that disposition has been made as directed in the communication from you received last night. General Johnson sent one brigade at 7 a. m. down the Shelbyville pike with directions to proceed four a five miles beyond the Shelbyville bridge over Stone's River. He will move another brigade up to the bridge in order to support it if necessary. General Sheridan sent a brigade at the same hour down the Middleton dirt road, with directions to proceed as directed in your letter. The two brigade commanders making the advance have orders to communicate with each other, the roads being nearly parallel. If the general commanding desires the brigade, on the Shelbyville pike to move farther down the road than directed, please inform me. My command will be in readiness to move to the support of the brigades if necessary. A wagon per regiment has been sent along to better deceive the enemy.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, April 21, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that your order about two regiments on the force at Salem to make a reconnaissance, say two or three miles out on the Versailles road, as a demonstration in that direction. The brigade commander at Salem can judge from his knowledge of his front how far it will be prudent to go.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

23 R R -VOL LII, PT I

