HEADQUARTERS 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Richland, Tenn., April 27, 1863.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have to report to the general commanding that a band of thirteen guerrillas, on the evening of the 23rd instant, attacked a Union man named Thomas Nowil, at his residence, some four miles from our camp. After severely wounding him, they succeeded in capturing; took him his family without hat or coat; took him off some fifteen miles and there murdered him, literally hewing him to pieces. With them were some at least of what Captain Peddicord used to call his "command" -Ellis Harper, - Berryman, and, some say, Peter Blane. As we could not take the murderers, I sent down yesterday the fathers of Harper and Berryman. Last night, some 2 a. m., I received pretty reliable information that a band of some seventy-five rebels were moving toward Franklin, on La Fayette road. My mounted men were then out and did not return until about daylight, and then so jaded were their horses that I have not been able to ascertain any further news. Almost nightly robberies are committed in the country out from five to fifteen miles from this station. If we are expected to stop this a much larger mounted force will be indispensable; though if there were one of the companies from the tunnel sent here, so that I could send 75 or 100 into the country to watch roads, fords, and houses at night, we might possibly effect something more. If four companies at the tunnel would build some little stockades they would be quite as safe as the five now are. Should the general see fit to move any company from the tunnel here, Captain Baird, of Company E, has asked me to get his company moved here, if be in accordance with the best interests of the service. He would be a very efficient officer in that kind of service.

Your most obedient servant,

A. J. CROPSEY,

Major 129th, Commanding Regiment.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 118. Milliken's Bend, La., April 28, 1863.

X. Brigadier General C. L. Matthies, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General W. T. Sherman for assignment to command of brigade in General Tuttle's division, Fifteen Army Corps.

* * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL Kentucky, Numbers 48. Lexington, Ky., May 4, 1863.

First Lieutenant O. M. Poe, U. S. Engineers, having been relieved from duty by orders from department headquarters, Lieutenant Colonel O. E. Babcock, assistant inspector-general, is hereby appointed chief of engineers for this district.

By command of Brigadier General O. B. Willcox:

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

