HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Murfresborough, Tenn., May 6, 1863.

Major W. P. McDOWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In view of the fact that honorable mention has officially been made of well-merited conduct on the part of other commands, and no such notice having been made of mine, I have the honor to respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to my report of the battle of Stone's River,* and more especially to that part which relates to the terrible conflict in the Cedars, where by our stubborn resistance we effectually covered the retreat of our forces, who were being driven by overhelming number of the enemy checking their advance, and holding them at "bay." The importance of this service is enhanced by the consideration of the fact that the enemy's left had just attempted to charge our batteries on the pike, and being repulsed were forced back upon the column opposing us. The enemy pressed upon as to a rail fence, within twenty-five paces of my lines; thus for twenty-five minutes a dreadful strife continued, each officer and man behaving with undaunted courage. Here one of my regiments, as before reported, lost in killed and wounded 100 men, about one-third of their number, and only after orders, imperatively repeated, did we fall back to the position designated on the pike. By this timely check by us and other brave fellows in the edge of the Cedars to our left and rear the enemy were prevented from gaining the key of our position. Believing as I do that it is the desire of the general commanding to award his commendation upon those who deserve it, and to stimulate my brave fellows to still greater heroism, I make this statement.

Your obedient servant,

B. F. SCRIBNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[20.]

CINCINNATI, May 8, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Your dispatch just received.+ I thank you for your kind assurances of support and beg to say that every possible effort will be made on my party to sustain the Government of the United States in its fullest authority.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 11, 1863.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you leave this night at 12 with the brigade now with you and proceed to Cripple Creek, there to establish the brigade and your own headquarters and take command of your entire division. The object of sending you there is to punish or wipe out any comparatively small force said to

---------------

* See VOL. XX, Part I, p. 338.

+ Reference probably to Stanton to Burnside, May 8, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 316.

---------------

