
have approached your command now at Cripple Creek. You will understand that your division will be considered an outpost for this corps and for the Army of the Cumberland.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 179. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 14, 1863.

* * *

6. Major General George L. Hartsuff, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters for duty in accordance with orders from the War Department, is assigned to duty in this city until arrangements can be made for organizing the troops in Kentucky into an army corps. This assignment to duty to date from April 16, the day he reported for duty.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreeesborough, Tenn., May 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: My attention has just been called by Colonel B. F. Scribner to the fact, which had not, however, escaped me, thart his brigade of this division had not been mentioned by the general commanding this department for the part it took at the battle of Stone's River.* I feel acutely, as does Colonel Scribner, at this apparent injustice, though neither he nor myself make this omission any ground of complaint. In my report of that battle I called attention to Colonel Scribner and to his brigade, but I feel that I did not say as much as they deserved for the gallant services which they rendered there. It is very certain that the position which this brigade occupied on the first day of that battle was all important. I allude more to the last than to the first position it held in the cedar brake. When the enemy in overhelming numbers had driven all of the main line of our troops in front and to the left of my division from the field, Colonel Scribner held the enemy in check until the troops that had been forced to retire obtained and prepared to hold a new position. During the remainder of the battle Colonel Scribner held a position fronting the cedar brake occupied by the enemy and in gunshot of it. That, too, was a position of the greatest importance. I must be allowed to say that of the Army of the Cumberland, in my judgment, no brigade commander did more to win the victory than Colonel Scribner, and the fact that he has not been mentioned in the list of those, complimented for good service has been a source of no little mortification to me, knowing as I do the important service he and his brigade rendered. I beg leave to submit to [you] this as an additional report,+ and forward with it the additional report of Colonel Scribner.

I am, sir, yours, most respectfully,

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, Commanding.

[20.]

---------------

* See Scribner to McDowell, May 6, p. 356.

+ See VOL. XX, Part I, p. 377.

---------------

