
COLONEL:

I have no desire to have you hold a position on south side of river, unless you see that some good will be accomplished by doing so. Do not endanger your command.

S. P. CARTER.

[23.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., ARMY OF CENTRAL Kentucky,Somerset, Ky., June, 9, 1863.

Colonel A. V. KAUTZ,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The general directs me to say that he has sent you re-enforcements. If you need heavy artillery send to Colonel Sterling, and he will send you a section of Wilder Battery, which is at the river now, and I will replace it by other. If it is necessary I will send you more re-enforcements-men and guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRATZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., ARMY OF CENTRAL Kentucky,Somerset, June 9, 1863.

Major GRATZ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Let a courier be sent to Colonel Kautz advising him of advance of re-enforcements and rations. The One hundred and third should not march so far as to fatigue the men too much. I think I may move across with any increased force to-morrow, provided there is any probably of the enemy making a stand. I should like to be advised to night of the news which Colonel Kautz may have.

Respectfully, &c.,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General.

A company left at river will be enough.

Colonel CASEMENT:

Send a courier to Colonel Kautz and advise him of the re-enforcements. If Colonel Kautz has recrossed the river, going to Somerset, you may either recross or camp on other side.

Respectfully,

GRATZ.

[23.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., ARMY OF CENTRAL Kentucky,Somerset, June 10, 1863-3 a. m.

Colonel A. V. KAUTZ,

Commanding South of Cumberland:

COLONEL: Yours dated 10.30 p. m. last evening just received. The general directs that you fall back to the river and hold it. Re-enforcements will leave that you fall back to the river and hold it. Re-enforcements will leave here at daylight-a battery and the One hundred and twelfth Illinois- and the general will follow them up himself. If those fellows want to give battle in earnest he will give them a chance. Hold on to the crossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. VREELAND,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[23.]

