
direct three brigades of your command to move out as early as possible and occupy the line, with the left resting on the Benton road beyond A. Green's, near Oak Ridge Post Office, and the right resting at McCall's, covering the road leading to Birdsong's Ferry. One brigade from the Ninth Corps will connect with your brigade at or near McCall's and extend down to Tiffin's covering the Bridgeport road and connecting with General Osterhaus' pickets. The proper proportion of artillery should be sent with this force. The instructions from Major-General Grant in reference to baggage will be strictly adhered to. Each brigade should be supplied with intrenching tools and axes for the purpose of obstructing the roads over which the enemy can approach, and for intrenching themselves in the positions they are to occupy. You will please report the time when these brigades will start on the march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John G. PARKE,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: A dispatch has been received from General Grant of which be inclosed is a copy.* In accordance therewith you will please move a brigade out to occupy the right a line extending from Oak Ridge Post-Office by way of McCall's and Bratt's to Tiffin's. General Smith, of the Sixteenth Army Corps, will be on your left, and General Osterhaus' division occupy the railroad crossing of the Big Black. The instructions given by General Grant in reference to baggage will be strictly adhered to. This brigade should be supplied with intrenching tools and axes for the purpose of obstructing the roads on which the enemy may approach, and for intrenching themselves in the position they are to occupy. Your brigade will move at once. Please report the time of its starting./

By command of Major-General Parke:

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Murfreesborough, June 22, 1863.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry:

SIR: In obedience to the order of major-general commanding, I sent a scout of 150 men on the Salem road this afternoon. Captain McCormick, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, who was in command of the scout, reports that he proceeded as far as the junction of the Versailles and Eaglesville roads without meeting any of the enemy. The citizens informed him that a brigade of cavalry recently arrived at Middleton and is commanded by Colonel Hoyden [Hagan?]. Of the force at Rower he could learn nothing.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[23.]

---------------

* See VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 428.

---------------

