HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Donald's Church, June 24, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the safe arrival of my command at Bradyville under General Palmer, and at this place under General Wood. General Palmer's advance encountered a small cavalry force just below Welles Meeting House, and after a smart skirmish drove them from the field, losing 1 man killed and I man wounded, both belonging to and other troops are at Beech Grove. General Turching marched after General Palmer to-day, and is in camp at Bradyville with one brigade of cavalry. There has been misunderstanding about re-establishing signal communications with Murfreesborough via Pilot Knob or Fort Transit. If the ofice at Murferesborough is kept open I will signal you in two hours from this, and I deem it very essential that this line should be kept open. The commanding heard here up to dark has been very heavy, and the men all suppose that a severe battle has been fought on my right. I will be in the position ordered to-morrow night.

I think it would be well if some one controlling cavalry would open a line of couriers.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 24, 1863-2. 15 a. m.

General WOOD,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move your command at 7 a. m. this Wednesday to Donald's or Donaldson's Church, marching by the Bradville pike. The headquarters of the general will be at this church for the night. The pioneer battalion just reported, and Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Russell, commanding, will report to you for orders at the honor of marching.

* * *

I am, general, very respectfullyf, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Donald's Church, Tenn., June 24, 1863-9.15 p. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you move your command to-morrow at 7 a. m., to encamp at night at Lumley's Stand. General Palmer, with his command, moves at 6 a. m. on the same road, and will encamp in the same vicinity at night. You will order Lieutenant

