
Russell, commanding Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, to report to General Palmer in the morning. He will start from camp at 5 a. m. or earlier. You will send with him the battalion of pioneers, with instructions for them to report to General Palmer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMAY CORPS,Murfreesborough, June 24, 1863.

General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you move your command at 7 a. m. this Wednesday to the vicinity of Bradyville, the advance brigade to occupy the ridge [at] the beginning of the Barrens. The general gives no specail instructions as to your line of march, knowing that you are well acquainted with the most practicable route. The general's headquarters will be established at Donald's Church for the night, and the general thinks it advisable to inform you that his First Division will encamp there. The cavalry under Major-General Stanley will pass Cripple Creek between 9 and 11 a. m. en route for Woodbury, and will cover our left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDNESHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Donald's Church, June 24, 1863-9 p. m.

SIR: Your communication of this day reporting safe arrival at Bradyville is received. You will move your command at 6 a. m. to-morrow to encamp at night at Lumley's Stand. General Wood will move on the same road at 7 a. m. and camp at the same place. It is very important that you start punctually at the hour named, and keep your command, wagons included, well up. The cause of the firing to-day on my right is as yet unknown. Lieutenant Russell and his battery, together with a battalion of pioneers, will leave this camp at 5 a. m. to report to you in the morning.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW.

[23.]

[JUNE 24, 1863.]

General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: You will march with your division at 4 a. m. to-day (24th) on the Shelbyville pike. You will march upon that road until you reach the point where the country road crosses at Christiana. You will then throw one of you brigades down the Shelbyville road to observe Old Fosterville, and, as soon as General Brannan's forces near the Shelbyville pike, withdraw the advanced brigade and march to Millesburg, where further orders will await you. Brannan's division is now at Salem.

