
It moves down the Middleton dirt road to Newton's, thence across to the Shelbyville pike, and will follow you on the road to Millersburg. Johnson's and Davis' divisions move out on the Shelbyville road at 5 a. m. as far as Alexander's, when they will turn to the left and march direct to Millersburg. Your train, except ammunition, had better follow on the directed road to Millersburg, following Johnson's and Davis' troops. Five companies of the Thirdy-ninth Indiana Infantry (mounted) will report to you at 3.30 a. m. The general commanding the corps will march with the column on the direct road to Millersburg. If anything of note occurs, apprise of it on the road or at Millersburg. These headquarters are in no way responsible for the untimely hour at which this order is issued.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

MILLERSBURG, TENN., June 24, 1863.

General SHERIDAN:

Information is received that General Thomas received no opposition at However's Gap. This leads General McCook to think that the enemy are drifting to our right, and he has applied to the general commanding to hold General Brannan's command until further developments, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Brannan.)

[23.]

MILLESBURG, TENN., June 24, 1863.

General JOHNSON:

General McCook directs that you hold the position you have gained at the gap. There are two gaps to your left between here and Hoover's Gap, on the Manchester pike, that are practicable for artillery. General Thomas' right cannot be more than two miles and a half from us. The road leading to that gap will be well picketed with cavalry. General Davis' two brigades have gone up to your support in case you support in case you need it. Sheridan and Brannan are camped near Millersburg on the Christiana road. General Baird is at Christiana. The general does not think there are any gaps betweent Liberty and Guy's Gaps that are practicable for artillery. You are directed to have your command under arms at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning, field officers' horses saddled, and artillery hitched up. My headquarters will be in the old log house in Millersburg. The Second Division has proved herself worthy of Shiloh, and the corps commanders is delighted with their behavior.

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]

MURFREESBOROUGH, June 24, 1863.

Colonel HARRISON:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding, your regiment is again placed in the command of Major-General McCook, and the latter directs they your order five companies to report to Major-General

