HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hollow Springs, Tenn., June 27, 1863-5 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this day, dated Beech Grove, 10.15 a. m.* Subsequently a captain has reported to me having come through from Manchester, reporting General Reynolds and his command there. Previous to the receipt of your dispatch I had ordered General Palmer to move to a position four miles beyond Lumley's Stand, where, I am told, there is good water. He left at 2.30 p. m., with later instructions to encamp in the vicinity of Manchester to-night if practicable. General Wood, with two of his brigades, is now here, and his artillery is coming up, and, with the improved condition of the hill, owing to the change of weather, he will probably have his ammunition up by the night-fall and the balance of his transportation during the night. In any event, I shall move his two brigades at daylight, leaving one brigade to guard and bring on his transportation without unnecessary delay. General Palmer will communicate with you to-night, supposing you to be at Manchester. General Turchin is at Pocahontas, with orders to reconnoiter in the direction of Woodbury and McMinville, and will stay in that vicinity till General Wood's train passes Lumley's Stand. It was reported to me by General Palmer that Colonel Breckinridge, with his cavalry, had been at Readyville since Hazen left there. I inclose you a rebel soldier's letter to his mother, Mrs. Mary Hatchock, picked up by the cavalry. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hollow Springs, June 27, 1863-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you move two of your brigades, with their batteries and ammunition trains, at 5 in the morning and march to Manchester. Your other brigades will guard and bring on as quickly as possible the train of wagons.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hollow Springs, Tenn., June 27, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you move your command forward at once and encamp on this the Bradyville and Manchester road, about four miles from Lumley's Stand, where it is reported to me you

---------------

* See VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 470.

---------------

