
says to exercise your own judgment about moving to General Palmer's present camp. Encamp if you choose and if the location is suitable, when this dispatch reaches you. The writer has just received a note from Colonel Simpson, asking for the pioneers and for axes. The general says the pioneers are here and cannot well be sent back, and that if you have not axes enough, which he cannot understand, you had better send on at once to General Palmer and borrow what you need. You will communicate with the general when you have located your camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 29, 1863.

Major C. A. DANA,

General Grant's Headquarters, behind Vicksburg:

Your dispatches received up to and including the 21st instant,* also your letter and the map of the works, for all of which we are greatly indebted to you. Please continue the sketches. You will also report promptly everything you may learn respecting the operations of General Banks.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[24.]

MANCHESTER, TENN., June 29, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

General Davis' command will be ready to move at 4 p. m., and General Johnson at 5 o'clock. I would prefer that those divisions should remain in camp to-night, unless it is essential that they should move sooner. They arrived in camp at midnight last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes to know if the scouting parties sent out by you have returned, and report news they bring. He also wishes you to find out the best way to get to Bobo's Cross-Roads, and report to him.+

Very respectfully,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[23.]

---------------

* See VOL. XXIV, Part I.

+ For reply, see Brannan to Garfield, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 482.

---------------

