
to the support of General Sheridan's division at 4.30 o'clock this morning. The inclosed letter contains your instruction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]

TULLAHOMA, TENN., July 1, 1863-10.15 a. m.

General JOHNSON:

The general commanding the corps directs that you establish your headquarters in Tullahma, and that you assume command of the town and take charge of it, both in police and adminitration. He wishes you to concentrate your command in such position as to protect themselves and the town. Throw a small regiment into the bastion fort. Reconnoiter the vicinity, and have all old camp and garrison equipage collected and used, if necessary, for your troops or to cover stores. The general further directs that you hold your division at all times in hand to support the troops in front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera and Chief of Staff.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,On road between Hillsborough and Pelham,

Two Miles South of Hillsborough, July 2, 1863-7 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I am this moment in receipt of your dispatch of 6.15 last evening to General Palmer, changing the direction of his march to-day. I do not understand that it changes the direction of General Wood's march to-day, and shall therefore continue on to Pelham, by which route I can reach Winchester to-night as soon as General Palmery by his changed route, if so ordered. I send you copy* of General Palmer's note to me (inclosing yours to him); also copy of my reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Have heard nothing of any couriers; hope to find them established at Pelham and receive orders there.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,On road between Hillsborough and Pelham.

July 2, 1863-7 a. m.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

General PALMER: Your dispatch of 4.15 a. m. this day, inclosing note from General Garfield of last evening, is received. The instructions

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

25 R R-VOL LII, PT I

