
in the note inclosed are very clear for your march to-day, so soon as Colonel Grose with his command reaches you, or you hear of him in a safe position marching to join you. General Wood is on the road to Pelham. Use every effort to ascertain that Colonel Grose is in the right direction to join you promptly.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hillsborough, July 2, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have this moment returned here in pursuance of your orders of yesterday, dated 7 p. m.* which reached me at Pelham at 1.20 p. m. to-day. So soon as the men were rested sufficiently General Wood moved on the road and is now in camp about three miles from here, with orders to advance to this place in the morning. As I entered the town I met your courier, who had just arrived, carrying your copy of dispatch to General Van Cleve, ordering him to McMinnville. I shall await for your further orders. Of General Palmer I have heard nothing since my dispatch to him this morning, copy of which I sent you in my dispatch of 7 a. m., reporting my being on the road to Pelham, with General Wood's division then two miles from here. I shall endeavor to open communication with General Palmer at Hart's tanyard, as ordered. I have seen two couriers with dispatches, one from General Turchin in search of General Stanley, but coud give them no information. General Turchin passed my headquarters this morning at about 2, but did not report, an I learned, as I started, that he had retraced his steps a short distance and went on the road to Winchester. About halfway between here and Pelham we found a small squad of cavalry, who delayed our advance somewhat up to Pelham, and as we entered the town the bridges across the river or creek was fired. My troops at once extinguished it. I learned at Pelham that General Forrest left there this morning at 9 with about 1,500 cavalry on the road to Dechered. This information I gained from the few citizens there. About 10 a. m. to-day I heard about eight or ten cannon shots in the direction of Allisonia, a little southwest from where I stood. I supposed it to be General Turchin. I am greatly embarrased for want of necessary couriers, as there is no line established here, and the men that bring your dispatches all ride exhausted horses. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Somerset, Ky., July 2, 1863.

Colonel A. V. KAUTZ,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The general directs that unless some information should make it necessary to remain you return to this place with your own

---------------

* See VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 495.

---------------

