
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hillsborough, July 3, 1863-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: Since writting you this morning at 9.30 I am gratified to inform you that I have succeeded in opening communication with General Palmer, and herewith hand you copy of his note.* I ordered my commissary of subsistence to Manchester this morning, not hearing from any one of any supplies coming forward for my command. He moved expeditiously, and sent me a dispatch, a copy of which I also inclose.* By it will be seen that my command was entirely ignored in the distribution of supplies on the first issue.

I have sent on to Manchester to have General Palmer's supplies come on by this place, as I am satisfied that it is the best and most direct route to Hart's tan-yard. General Wood and his command left here at 10 a. m. for Pelham. Since receipt of dispatch from General Palmer, finding my two divisions are now about equidistant from this point, I have determined to remain here to receive and probably anticipate further orders.

9.15 p. m.

Am in receipt of dispatch from General Wood. He arrived at Pelham at 4 p. m., after a laborious march -made so by the rain- and reports two deserters from Forrest's command, who state that he commenced to cross the mountains yesterday afternoon. Other deserters say that the bulk of Bragg's army -which was by them believed to be 35,000 to 40,000 strong-has also crossed the mountains. This report was believed in and corroborated by the citizens of Pelham. One of the deserters left his regiment, Fifth Tennessee, last night at University, in the mountains. I forward this dispatch through General Palmer, who is in communication with General Thomas, as I have no couriers, and I am uncertain whether my dispatches of yesterday and to-day have reached you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hillsborough, July 3, 1863-3.15 p. m.

General WOOD,

Pelham:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has just received a communication from General Palmer reporting his command as still at Hart's tan-yard. The tan-yard is only eight miles from here, on the Hillsborough and Winchester road. The general has received no further instructions from general headquarters, and as his command is about equidistant apart, he proposes staying here to await and anticipate orders. Colonel Kniffin has been sent to Manchester to hurry up supplies. Send by bearer any information you may have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

