HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Estill Springs, July 4, 1863.

Mr. VAN DUZER:

Put the telegraph line in order to Cowan without delay; also the line to Tullahoma to McMinville. It is very desirable to have this done as soon as possible.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[23.]

WINCHESTER, TENN., July 4, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Much obliged for your dispatch from Secretary of War.* All right. I hope in a few moments to get a reply from Sheridan about everything in the vicinity of Cowan and treaty City necessary for the information of the general commanding. I am shelling corn to grind meal. If I could leave my troops four or five days without transportation-say one wagon to a regiment and three for a battery- I could soon have sufficient supplies to move forwar, or in any direction, provided I could load them at Wartrace. I have every disposable wagon out foraging. If Stanley would come over in this settlement I think he could do well by his horses. I have sent for him and hope he will be here at 4 p. m. to-day, when I can give him all the information necessary. If he is between Dechered and the mountains I fear he will fare badly. Here we have plenty of hay and corn, great many pasture fields (clover), and considerable corn scattered through the country, and more as we recede from the railroad. All well here and happy.

Very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK.

[23.]

WINCHESTER, TENN., July 4, 1863.

General SHERIDAN:

If you can subsist your division at Cowan, do so. If you are short of supplies hold one brigade there and march the other two to the vicinity of this place. I wish you to ascertain if the treaty City railroad and wagon road is in repair. Get your transportation repair if possible, and at once. What is the condition of the road from here to Cowan? Fire a national salute at 12 m. Send me all the information about the country, resources, supplies, and any information that would be of any interest to the general commanding department. My headquarters will be here further orders. General Rosecrans is much pleased with the manner you conducted the advance.+

I am, general, very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

[23.]

---------------

* See Stanton to Rosecrans, VOL. XXIII, Part II, P. 511.

+ For reply, see Sheridan to Thruston, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 513.

---------------

