HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Hillsborough, July 4, 1863-7.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: Since writing you yesterday, under date of 4 and 9.15 p. m. (one letter), I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch, dated Tullahoma, July 3, directing me to carry out the instructions contained in your dispatch of 1.30 a. m.* All this I have already accomplished, General Wood and hi command being at Pelham and General Palmer at Hart's tan-yard, as per your orders to him direct, dated July 1, 6.45 p. m. I shall await here your further instructions, being in closer proximity to department headquarters than at Pelham, and within easy reaching distance of my divided command. I am still at a loss to know if all my dispatches have been received, and herewith hand you memorandum list of same for your guidance. General Wood reports last evening three refuges from Marion County, Tenn., living near the head of Battle Creek, have just come in. They say the crossed the mountains last night and report that the rebels were busily engaged during the night in obstructing the road, cutting down trees rollin rocks into it, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

WINCHESTER, TENN., July 5, 1863-8 p. m.

Major FRANK S. BOND:

I have no news of any imortance to communicate this evening. General Sheridan reports that he does not think there is any organized rebel force within twenty-five miles of him. The bridge at Cowan can be repaired in three hours. The telegraph from Cowan to Decherd is in good condition. I hope the general commanding will allow General Sheridan to retain the cavalry he has with him. I think there are some bands of guerrillas in the mountains thereabouts that will soon require attention.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

WINCHEWSTER, TENN., July 6, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

I have nothing of any importance to communicate to-day. The railroad and telegraph between Cowan and Decherd I have put in complete order, and hope to have road and line in same condition to burnt bridge to-day. If you send me some field telegraph I will connect my headquarters with Dechered, so that connection will be complete. Stanley and cavalry passed through here toward Salem this morning. With energy he can subsist on the country. I have given him a hogshead for meal. He has no rations, he reports, but he can live off the country. Elk River is not fordable this morning, but will be this evening. I wish

---------------

* See VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 508.

---------------

