
plan is thi: I will furnish you a guide who will conduct your regiment in rear of the camps of these parties, so as to cut off their escape, and I will start two strong regiments of infantry under Colonel Heg to storm the mountain sides from this direction, the infantry starting at 2 a. m., so as to commence the ascent before day. You well know how anxious I am to catch guerrilas, and I also know how well the duty will be performed. I think you will capture 400 or 500 whites and about 100 negroes. I will order the infantry to push hard when you are in their rear. Captain Hotchinks, General Davis' chief of artillery, will accompany you. Report at my headquarters, or send a man for the guide. If you have orders to march in any other direction, I will be responsible for this movement and make it all right with Stanley.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,On Winchester Road, Six Miles from Hillsborough,

July 7, 1863-7 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: At 5.15 p. m. to day I received your dispatch of the 4th instant from Estill Springs, ordering me to occupy with my corps McMinnville, Manchester, Hillsborough, and, if you deem practicable, Pelham, the latter place by a least one brigade. I immediately ordered General Wood to occupy Hillsborough with two bigaades, leaving one at Pelham; General Palmer to occupy Manchester, and General Beatty to return the two regiments, Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio, k to General Van Cleave at McMinnville the following day. I shall leave in the morning for Tullahoma in the expectation of meeting you, and shall send my headquarters direct to Manchester.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,On Winchester Road, Six Miles from Hillsborough, July 7, 1863.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: With this I send your order to move with two brigades in the morning to occupy Hillsborough. Colonel Kniffin has just returned and reports thirty wagons on the way from Tullahoma for your with four days' rations. It is not on road to Hillsborough, but will intersect this (the Winchester road) in the morning. From thence it will be sent to Hillsborough to await you. In the event of the train arriving before you, send word by bearer what proportions of the rations you desire sent on to Pelham. The news is, General Meade had badly whipped Lee, captured over 100 guns and over 2,000 rebels, and is aiming now to cut off his retreat. News imperfect, but reliable. Shall get more later. I sent you two hours ago copy of letter of Colonel

