
My duties and responsibilities for the last six months have been peculiarly trying as commander of this border region, while at the same time removed from the opportunity of personal distinction. Yet all this and much more I would freely undergo did I believe it believe it necessary. You are aware that I am very comfortably poor, in fact, dependent on my profession. I am rapidly losing the faculty of practice, and when I return, unless it is done, soon, shall be but a fourth-rate lawyer. It appears plain to me that my palpable duty is to return to civil life before I am unfitted for it, as soon as I can be spared. It is from no disgust at the service, from no difficulties with my superiors- I have never had any, and have received the kindest treatment. I urgently, therefore, request that my resignation, now passing through official channels, may be accepted, and that, at least as early as the 1st September, I may be allowed to retire. This will give me time to close up all my incomplete measures in procees here. You will believe that I am perfectly sincere in this, and you too, will believe that from the midst of an unbounded corruption, and with the largest opportunities for private gain, I come out of this place with clean hands, as poor, save Government pay, as I went in.*

With the most heartfelt gratitude and esteem, I am now and ever, yours,

S. A. HURLBUT.

[24.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 11, 1863.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Crawfordsville, Ind.:

The Secretary of War directs that you report to Governor Morton for such duty with the militia of that State as he may assign.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[23.]

INDIANAPOLIS, July 11, 1863.

General WALLACE:

Dispatch received. General Love telegraphs that he has arrived that Vernon, and that the rebels have demanded the surrender of the town, which he has refused. He ask for re-enforcements. Hurry on at once. The battery will be about two hours behind you. Don't wait for it.

O. B. WILLCOX.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 187. Vicksburg, Miss., July 11, 1863.

2. Colonel G. M. Ziegler, Second Mississippi Colored Troops, will move his command into the fortifications of Vicksburg and report to Major General James B. McPherson for location and orders.

* * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

---------------

* For President Lincoln's reply, see VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 566.

---------------

