
[JANUARY 8, 1861.]

J. WILCOX BROWN:

(Care of James Hunter &amp; Co., New York City.)

No chance of compromise. Republicans will not yield. Will write.

ROGER A. PRYOR,

[2.]

[JANUARY 8, 1861.]

JOHN R. GARLAND,

90 Eleventh Street, New York:

Since the defeat or Crittenden's amendment and the indorsement of Buchanan, Scott, Adn Anderson, the South will make no further effort at compromise. Virginia will act immediately. Collision with Federal authorities will now take place at all points in slave States. Instantaneous war inevitable.

GEO. N. SANDERS.

[2.]

LEWIS E. HARVIE,

Richmond, Va.:

The order sendign troops in the Star of the West to Charleston contermanded.* The Booklyn sailed with orders to overtake and bring them to Fort Monroe.

J. C. MASON,

[2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 11, 1861.

Colonel JOHN L. CANTWELL,

Commanding Thritieth Regiment North Carolina Militia:

SIR: Hearing this morning of the extreme illness of General Cowan, I herwith transmit to you morning a military order which was prepared on yesterday for him. I have been informed unofficially that Captain S. D. Thurston, of the Smithville Guards, has, with his company, taken possession of Fort Canswell and now holds the same. My informants at the same time assuered me that Captain Thruston is a gallant officer, and was actuated by patriotic motives as a citizens of North Carolina in the movement referred to. This I doubt not is true; yet, it view of the relations existing between the General Government and the State of North Carolina, there is no authority of law under existing circumstances for the occupation of U. S. forts situated in this State. I can not therefore sustain the action of Captain Thruston, however patriotic his motives may have been, an am compelledby an imperative sense of duty to order that Fort Canswell be restored to the possession of the authorities of the United States. You will proceed to Smithwille on receipt of this communication, and communicate orders to Captain Thurston to withdrew his troops from Fort Caswell. You will also investigate and report the facts of the transaction to this department.

By order of John. W. Ellis, captain-general and commander-in-chief

of North Carolina militia:

GRAHAM DAVES,

Private Secretary and Acting Adjutant-General.

[1.]

---------------

* See VOL. I, p. 134.

---------------

