
VERNON, July 12, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Colonel BURKHAM,

Commanding Twelfth Indiana Legion:

You will proceed with your command to Lawrenceburg via Indianapolis with the least possible delay. Call upon provost-marshal and take charge of rebel prisoners captured from Morgan's command, and deliver same to provost-marshal at Indianapolis.

By order of-

LEW WALLACE,

Major-General.

[23.]

VERNON, IND., July 12, 1863.

Colonel SHULER:

SIR: With you mounted men you will follow vigorously in the route of rebel Morgan, harassing his rear, picking up stragglers, and never leaving his path while in Indiana.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

[23.]

McMINNVILLE, July 12, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Shall send in my report to-morrow that I left Murfreesborough on the 5th and on the morning of the 7th took peaceable possession of McMinnville. Am fearful that the train will not be able to bring the regimental books in addition to the supplies ordered. Shall embrace first opportunity to get my ambulances.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.

[23.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, July 13, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I do not remember that you and I ever met personally. I write this now as a grateful acknowledgment for the almost inestimable service you have done the country. I wish to say a word further. When you first reached the vicinity of Vicksburg, I thought you should do what you finally did-march the troops across the neck, run the batteries with the transports, and thus go below; and I never had any faith, except a general hope that you knew better than I, that the Yazoo Pass expedition and the like could succeed. When you got below and took Port Gibson, Grand Gulf, and vicinity, I thought you should go down the river and join General Banks; and when you turned northward, east of the Big Black, I feared it was a mistake. I now wish to make the personal acknowledgment that you were right and I was wrong.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

[24.]

