
INDIANAPOLIS, July 14, 1863.

General WALLACE:

Morgan is already across Little Miami and beyond. Can't say the word.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

[23.]

INDIANAPOLIS, July 14, 1863.

General L. WALLACE:

The following just received:

Wallace's position is a good one, and he may perhaps operate in that vicinity for good at present. He is not needed here just now. Morgan was reported at Williamsburg, Ohio, 4.30 p. m.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Another report of the same character as my last from Lawrenceburg. Rebel cavalry at Walter Hays', State line. Have you sent out any messengers?

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS,Lawrenceburg, July 14, 1863.

General LEW. WALLACE:

A special messenger reports that the rebels are in Harrison retreating for the river. They may make for the old route. Be ready for them. I think they will go back same way they came. I can hold this place.

JAMES GAVIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 267. Cincinnati, Ohio, July 15, 1863.

1. The county of Hamilton and city of Cincinnati are relieved from operation of martial law from and after 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, July 16.

2. The commanding general of the department gives his thanks to the officers and men of the volunteer and enrolled militia who have so promptly tendered their services, and takes pleasure in recognizing their efficiency and valuable aid. To the Governor of Ohio, as well as to the mayor of the city and the various military committees and commandants of city districts, he is also under obligation for the great alacrity and zeal with which they have seconded all his efforts. In the now complete enrollment and organization of the militia at this time enforced, he is confident the city and county will find a guaranty against confusion and danger in any future emergency, and therefore especially urges that the system be efficiently kept up.

3. To the volunteer troops of Indiana who have patriotically and promptly marched at the call of their civil authorities great praise is due, and the general commanding returns his thanks for their assistance, both to them and to the Governor of that State, by whose under they were assembled and organized.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Burnside:

R. H. I. GOODARD,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

