
around from Battle Creek, according to my orders. I sent down to them two days' provisions by means of the hand cars, and ordered them to return and encamp near Stevenson, so as to guard the three brigades over Crow Creek near that point. Those brigades are very important, and would cost a great deal of labor should they be destroyed. A rebel citizen just from Chattanooga reports Bragg's army concentrated at or near that place, with a brigade or so at or near Bridgeport. No forces on this side of the river, so far as I know. Our land and naval forces have attacked Charleston, and the fight is still going on. The rebels do not speak very encouragingly of the condition of affairs there. Grant' forces were bombarding Jackson; every indication of Johnston's running. Port Hudson supposed to have surrendered. Michigan Mechanics and Engineers will have the railroad complete to Bridgeport on next Sunday. The bridge at this place has been repaired by our pioneers. I have ordered Colonel Ray to encamp near these three bridges near Stevenson. They are pile bridges, and expensive ones.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 192. Vicksburg, Miss., July 16, 1863.

* * * * * *

8. The Twenty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Colonel C. M. Ferrell commanding, is hereby assigned to the Third Division, Army of the Tennessee, Seventeenth Army Corps, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

JACKSON, July 17, 1863-9 p. m.

General HOBSON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have halted here for a little rest, and shall move at 2 a. m. for Centerville, where the main portion of Morgan's force has gone. Colonel Runkle failed to intercept Morgan either here or at Berlin, where he marched by Runkle's forces in sight. I received dispatches from Runkle that do not, however, indicate his future movements. I have not been able to communicate with Judah yet, but rumor has it that Morgan and Judah are marching by different roads on Centerville at 4 p. m., and that they would probably reach there about the same time. Colonel Sanders has joined me with his command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Colonel Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

[23.]

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 18, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

Upon my return to-day from a meeting held near Chatham, which had been called irrespective of party for the purpose of celebrating

