
the recent success of our arms, and to which I had been invited, I met a number of wagons filled with men, women, and children returning from an opposition meeting a few miles distant. Among those thus met a number hurrahed for John Morgan-the same Morgan who is now burning the houses and wasting the fields of peaceful citizens in the loyal State of Ohio. Other gentlemen of my party heard other persons coming from the same opposition meeting hurrahing for Jeff. Davis and the ashes of Stonewall Jackson. These facts are pregnant with significance, and so deeply impressed me that I have ventured to bring them to your notice. Since I have inquired and learn that the Knights of the Golden Circle are organized militarily; that they are in large part armed, have considerable quantities of ammunition concealed, and are pledged to cach other to resist the pending draft; and particularly is it represented that there is an element of the population of this city determined to resist it. Now, it may or may not turn out that resistance will be offered, but from all that I see and learn the train is laid and accident may fire it and cause an explosion. A bold demagogue or a reckless inebriate, in my opinion, has it in his power to precipitate fearful strife and great bloodshed. I further learn that the draft will be commenced in some ten days; that there are only some 80 or 100 recruits at Camp Butler, and that the Governor is absent. Every precaution may have taken by the Federal authorities. If so, well.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND.

[First indorsement.]

No draft on Illinois has yet been ordered. It is not probable that any will be ordered this draft, as the State is so much in advance of its quota. But this is too uncertain to be mentioned.

E. M. S.

[23.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cowan, Tenn., July 19, 1863-1 a. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: I do not know of any rebel cavalry having crossed the Tennessee River. I have no information of any on this side of the river except that which is contained in the note from Colonel Ray sent you this evening. I communicated late this evening with Colonel Bradley, who had no news. I believe that the rebels will burn the Crow Creek bridges near Stevenson unless steps are taken to give them better protection than they now have. I directed Colonel Bradley to make a reconnaissance to-morrow morning with two regiments and a section of artillery to the head of Sweeden's Cove.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

