HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., July 20, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: The bearer of this, Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Rawlins, is the assistant adjutant-general of the Army of the Tennessee. Colonel Rawlins has been connected with this army and with me in every engagement from the battle of Belmount to the surrender of Vicksburg. Colonel Rawlins goes to Washington now by my order as bearer of the reports of the campaign just ended, and rolls and paroles of prisoners captured. Any information desired of any matter connected with this department, from his official position he can give better probably than any other officer in it. I would be pleased if you could give Colonel Rawlins an interview, and I know in asking this you will feel relieved when I tell you he has not a favor to ask for himself or any other living being. Even in my position it is a great luxury to meet a gentleman who has no ax to grind, and I can appreciate that it is infinitely more so in yours.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Manchester, July 21, 1863.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you place a guard at all weak or exposed places on this railroad, between here and to within about eleven miles from McMinnville, the extent of General Van Cleve's railroad guard. Every bridge should have a small guard on it with a picket thrown out to any adjacent road or roads intersecting the railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Numbers --. Pomeroy, Ohio, July 22, 1863.

I. The forces under command of Colonel Sanders and Colonel Kautz will constitute a temporary brigade, under the latter officer. Colonel Kautz will remain at this or such other place as is in his judgment best located for carrying out the following instructions.

II. Colonel Kautz will use the above forces as long as he may deem it necessary for the purpose by the rebel forces. He will keep out scouting parties for the purpose of collecting prisoners, horses, arms, and other property. Colonel Kautz will also collect and sent to Cincinnati by land all captured horses at this and other points below to Gallipolis, providing from his command the necessary guards. After fulfilling these instructions he will report by telegraph to the major-general commanding the department for orders.

By order of Brigadier General H. M. Judah:

R. C. KISE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

