
Nashville, July 25, 1863.

General MORGAN:

Start your cavalry at once; let it camp at Beard's Mills to-night. Move early in the morning via Lebanon and Silver Spring. The columns from La Vergne and Nashville will move at daylight, arriving at Green Hill Silver Spring about noon, or as soon as the march can be made from those points. When the junction is formed the country must be scoured well in every direction, and especially the nooks and bends of the Cumberland River. The senior officer will subdivide the command so as to carry out this order as effectively as possible; the men kept scouring in that section as long as he deems necessary or is satisfied that the enemy are run out or destroyed.

GRANGER,

Major-General.

[23.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cowan, Tenn., July 25, 1863-10.45 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Ten.:

GENERAL: Your telegram just received. Colonel Bradley, at University, reports 500 cavalry in Sequatchie Valley. Laiboldt, at Stevenson, will have four regiments and a section of artillery, which, with two more regiments at Anderson with a section of artillery, is ample for protection of railroad against cavalry. I have just sent you a long dispatch about condition of affairs at Chattanooga.*

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. Memphis, Tenn., July 25, 1863.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 95, headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, dated July 24, 1863, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Cavalry Division of the Sixteenth Army Crops. The orders heretofore issued by my predecessor will be enforced. The following officers are announced as the division staff: Major John N. Niglas, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, surgeon-in-chief; First Lieutenant S. L. Woodward, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[24.]

CINCINNATI, July 27, 1863-12.30 a. m.

(Received 1.40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

You were kind enough to telegraph me on the fall of Vicksburg that the Ninth Corps will be sent back immediately. May I still expect it; and if so, when?+

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[23.]

---------------

*See Sheridan to Garfield, 9.30 p. m., VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 556.

---------------

+For reply, see Lincoln to Burnside, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 561.

