
arrival, in case you have fallen back to Stevenson, and let them remain with him until further orders. General Lytle will reach Anderson to-morrow with two regiments and will be at Stevenson day after. Keep a bright lookout. My own headquarters will soon be moved to Stevenson. I sent you dispatch to General Rosecrans.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

WINCHESTER, July 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General LYTLE:

Order Colonel Bradley to move down via Sweeden's Cove and occupy Bridgeport. He should have at least three days' rations for the movement and can be supplied at Bridgeport by rail. The movement to be made immediately if he has the rations on hand; if he has not, send them to him in division wagons, to save time, unless he has brigade wagons at your camps. Additional instructions will be forwarded for Colonel Bradley. Start Bradley to-day if possible.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

COWAN, July 29, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Immediately on the receipt of your order it was signaled through to Colonel Bradley, and he was instructed to report by signal the earliest hour at which he could move. No answer has yet been received, but one is momentarily expected. The written instructions have gone forward by courier.

W. H. LITLE,

Brigadier-General.

[23.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cowan, July 29, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

Dispatch just signaled from Colonel Bradley. He moves to-morrow morning at daylight. Could not get off sooner, having to wait for rations. In accordance with verbal orders per Captain Hescock, I leave early to-morrow morning for Stevenson, with the two regiments here, the batteries, and their transportation, also with the ammunition train lightened up. I understand that the two regiments of the First Brigade, now at Anderson, remain there until further orders.

WM. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[23.]

JULY 29, 1863.

General LYTLE:

Your dispatch just received. The movement as you describe all right. Regiments at Anderson to remain until further orders. Give

