
the necessary instructions as to your supplies in rations and forage. When sufficient is accumulated at Stevenson and other points I will move all the brigade wagons.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cowan, July 29, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

Bradley reports that a brigade of Brannan's division is at University and will remain there.

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[23.]

WINCHESTER, TENN., July 29, 1863.

General LYTLE,

Third Division:

GENERAL: Your communication is received. General Sheridan directs me to say to you that the Crow Creek road is the one over which Colonel Laiboldt's artillery and wagons went to Stevenson. He does not think it necessary for the pioneer corps to have blasting tools and powder, or to make the road first rate, but only to improve it as far as practicable with their limited numbers, means, and time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[23.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Salem, Tenn., July 29, 1863.

Captain CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

SIR: Referring to my report of July 8,* I hand you the following list of officers and men deserving of special mention for gallant conduct at Shelbyville on the 27th of June, ultimo: First Lieutenant Thompson, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, led the first charge of that regiment in his usual style. Captain Davis, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, led the grand charge on the rebel battery. He rode into the very teeth of the guns in most gallant and fearless manner and captured the entire battery. (Observation: He personally captured one piece, and with Lieutenant Vale, of the same regiment, captured another piece near the railroad station after a personal encounter with the officer commanding battery.) Lieutenant McCafferty, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, took part in the charge and acted most gallantly. First Sergeant McMaster, I Company, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, was conspicuous for his gallant conduct in the charge on the battery, and is honorably mentioned by Captain Davis. Captain Burns, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, who is always at his post of duty, had his horse shot under

---------------

*See VOL. XXIII, Part I, p. 556.

---------------

