
him while amongst the foremost in the charge on the battery. (Lieutenant Vale, Seventh Pennsylvania, brigade inspector, brought up the artillery, and, obtaining permission to join his regiment in the charge, assisted in the capture of the piece of artillery at the station.) Lieutenant Callahan, Third Indiana, exhibited great gallantry in the charge the battalion of his regiment made near Skull Camp Bridge. Lieutenant Young, Third Indiana Cavalry, was conspicuous in same charge. He received two slight saber wounds. Sergt. Thomas Sheaffer, Third Indiana Cavalry, in same charge, after being wounded in the face with a saber, continued to hew his way through the rebel ranks. First Lieutenant Hudson, acting adjutant, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acted with great gallantry throughout the entire action. He was severely wounded by a musket-ball through the shoulder. Regimental commanders make honorable mention of the following: Fourth Michigan-Captains Pritchard, Hathaway, Robbins, and Grant; Corporal Hofmaster, L Company (most gallant conduct), and Private Mason Brown, I Company. Fourth United States-First Lieutenants Ingerton and O'Connell; Second Lieutenants Rendlebrock, McCafferty, and Davis; First Sergeants McMaster, Callehan, and Egan; Sergeants Bates and Riker; Corporals Tudhie and Rankin, and Private Sommers. Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry-Captain Davis; Lieutenants White, Thompson, Steahlen, and Vale; Sergeants Peck, Keenan, Somers, Wilson, Quaid, Snyder, Shutt, and Enniss; Corporals Devers, Lane, Williams, and Wasson; Privates Andress, John, Watkins, Williams, Benson, Longwell, Heller, and Wilcox. All the regimental commanders, viz, Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, First Middle Tennesee; Captain McIntyre, Fourth United States; Major Mix, Fourth Michigan; Colonel Klein, Third Indiana, and Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania, are deserving of special mention for their promptness and manner in which they handled their respective commands.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 205. Vicksburg, Miss., July 29, 1863.

* * * * * *

7. The Sixty-third Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers is hereby assigned to the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General James B. McPherson commanding.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

COWAN, July 30, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: The two regiments and batteries marched early this morning, with their transportation, under Colonel Sherman. I shall go down on railroad train to keep in communication with you and arrange for supplies at Stevenson. I take with me baggage of Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, ammunition, and forage. Telegraph man here with

