
ourselves, not only against the present, but any prospective opposing. The political moral injury to our cause of retrograde movements is such that it would be better for us to go a mile a day and make sure. You will not be surprised if in face of these difficulties it takes time [to] organize the means of success. Our roads must be opened, stores brought forward and put in places of security, bridging trains got ready, and the enemy must be kept in ignorance of our plans. We must learn the country, which appears very differently in reality from what is shown on map.

Asking pardon for the length of this letter, I remain, very respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Shelbyville, Tenn., August 2, 1863.

Captain W. C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouting parties are sent out every day from this command. It was reported that General Wheeler was at the foot of the mountains southeast from this. A scouting party sent by me to Fayetteville brings me intelligence that General Mitchell had left there, leaving two regiments; that he had gone to Winchester with the bulk of his command, supposed for the purpose of watching the movements of Wheeler and Forrest, who are said to be threatening McMinnville. If they are there it is probable they will pass around or between McMinnville and Manchester and coming down the Murfreesborough and McMinnville road, between Woodbury and Readyville, endeavor to come in between Murfreesborough and Tullahoma. I think we can beat them off if they come. A captain formerly of Forrest's body guard is reported as having his headquarters at Pulaski and engaged in gathering up cavalrymen and deserters, with good prospect of raising two or three companies. It is also said that Bunker Hill is made a point for small detachments and squads separated from Forrest's command to assemble. This, though, is not much credited. The Tennessee cavalry of Colonel Galbraith is giving me excessive trouble and worrying and plundering thought he country whenever they go out. They are under no control or discipline, as far as I can learn. Several instances have come to my hearing of their insulting unprotected females. I could not learn the names of the guilty parties. The affairs of the division are in good condition, with a few exceptions. Inspector's report will show this. They are in fair trim to be in excellent order very soon. Did you receive my letter about the exposed condition of this place? I need a map badly. Furnish me one.

Respectfully, yours,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier General, Commanding 1st Div., Reserve Corps, Army of the Cumberland.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., August 3, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the department commander.

Whitaker sewake.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

