
STATE OF ILLINOIS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, August 6, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: As your personal and political friends we respectfully venture, in the interest of the country and in justice to a meritorious fellow-citizen, to lay before you a few candid reflections. We think we are not mistaken when we say there is a deep and general feeling of regret, may dissatisfaction, at the dismissal of General McClernand from his late command. Surely such is the universal feeling among loyal men, sympathizing in the efforts of the Government to put down the rebellion. Is it not natural that it should be so? General McClernand was among the first to lead off in Congress in favor of the Government and against the rebellion. None were more outspoken and decided. He exchanged a seat in Congress for the perils of the field, and carried with him not only a commission but a brigade of brave men raised by him with the aid of his friends. His name is indissolubly blended with most if not all the great military actions and events occurring in the Southwest. How often has he, at the command of his superior officer, led the way or borne the burnt of battle? How was it at Donelson, at Shiloh, Arkansas Post, Port Gibson, Champion's Hill, Big Black River, and at Vicksburg? The country has confidence in his energy and success. The popular verdict is irreversibly in his favor as a general, unless by some future act he should himself reverse it. Since his return, although taunted by the opponents of the war at his misfortune, he has borne himself with admirable equanimity. Constantly thronged with invitations to address the people, he has complied as often as possible, always exhorting the people to persevere until the rebellion was crushed and the Government vindicated. His speeches have wrought much good. For these reasons the people desire and expect that he will be restored to his former or given an independent command. If this cannot be, if it is not intended to give him a command, it is, in our judgment, but fair that he should be so advised. In the latter case he would not doubt tender his resignation as a matter of duty to himself and the country.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

O. M. HATCH,

Secretary of StUBOIS,

Auditor.

[24.]
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Union City, Tenn., August 6, 1863.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I arrived here with my command last evening. I intended to send out cavalry scout this morning to gain information concerning the enemy, but as no forage arrived from Columbus and as there is very little to be found in this neighborhood, I am compelled to await the arrival of forage by railroad, as the horses are now in no condition for service. As the parties thus sent out will not return before Sunday, I should be glad to have the coming of the paymaster delayed until that day. I learned yesterday from various sources that the entire force of

