
of inclination. I appreciate highly the compliment to Lieutenant-Commander Fitch, coming from yourself, as I also appreciate the delicate courtesy by which your intercourse with the Navy has been characterized always.

I remain, general, with sincere respect, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

[23.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 219. Winchester, Tenn., August 10, 1863.

* * * * *

V. Colonel J. B. Anderson having resigned his position as military superintendent of the railroads in this department, to take effect as soon as his successor can be appointed, Colonel W. P. Innes, Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, is appointed to succeed him.

* * * * *

Colonel Innes will have at his disposal so much of his regiment and the regment of colored troops assigned to his command as may be necessary for repairing, managing, and running the railroads under his charge. He will regulate rates of fregiht and passenger fares over them, and will determine the time of running to suit the wants of the Army, and, as far as consistent therewith, the convenience of authorized trade and travel. The military superintendent will report weekly the earnings, and monthly the receipts and expenditures of the railroads under his superivision, giving the principal items of each to the chief quartermaster.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Fayetteville, Tenn., August 10, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I shall leave here at 4 a. m. to-morrow, and will have my soldiers at Flint River bridge on Thursday morning ready to protect mechanics.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., August 10, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Yours of the 4th instant, inclosing the appointement of Cols. C. R. Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio; Giles A. Smith, Eighth Missouri; J. A. Maltby, Forty-fifth Illinois, and J. B. Sanborn, Fourth Minnesota, as brigadier-generals of volunteers, made on the statement of Lieutenant Colonel

