
John A. Rawlins, assistant adjutnat-general, is received. I am gratified at these promotions. The names of all these officers, I had repeatedly stated to Colonel Rawlins, would be among those whom I should recommend; hency his giving in their names was entirely proper, and meets my approval. When I came to write my letter of recommendations the name of Colonel J. A. Maltby was left out, not that he was less deserving-for no man has won greater distinction throughout the entire campaign than he-but I felt a delicacy in recommending him for the reason of his being from Galena, my own place of residence. With no appointment, however, am I more pleased. The promotion of Woods and Smith I particularly desired. Sanborn's I also desired, but the next day after I recommended him he tendered his resignation, knowing at the time of his recommendation. I have therefore returned his appointment to the Adjutant-General of the Army and asked that it be recalled. I send herewith acopy of my letter of recommendation to the Adjutant-General; * also a copy of the one returning the appointment of Colonel Sanborn. I trust, however, the original of my letter of recommendation has reached the General-in-Chief before this, as I am anxious prompt attention should be given it, as I know will be the case when it comes before him.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[24.]

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, August 10, 1863.

General L. THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

Commissions for the promotions of brigadier-general of Colonels Sanborn, Maltby, Giles Smith, and Woods are just received. The name of Colonel Maltby was not on the list submitted by me, but I am very glad to see his promotion. There is no more gallant and deserving officedr named for advancement. The only reason why Colonel Maltby's name was left off the list submitted by me was, that more recommendations were in from the Seventeenth Army Corps, to which he belonged, than any other corps; and again, he is from Galena-the same place with myself-and I felt a delicacy about so many promotions coming from one locality. I return herewith the appointment of J. B. Sanborn, and hope it will be recalled. Colonel Sanborn tendered his resignation as colonel knowing that he had been recommended for promotion. The principal ground for doing so was evidently because he had not been promoted before. I send also copy of special order accepting the resignation of Colonel Sanborn.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[30.]

MEMPHIS, August 10, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Acknowledging with the deepest gratitude the kindly expressions in your letter+ and in that of the General-in-Chief,# I have concluded to

---------------

*See July 27, p. 419.

---------------

+See Lincoln to Hurlbut, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 566.

#See Halleck to Hurlbut, ibid., p. 563.

