
bring to light and point many things, both military and personal, which are unwritten or unheeded. The ostensible reason assigned by General Grant for my removal was the non-communication of a congratulatory order to him, which I have already explained. Since, as I understand, it was because I acted independently of him. I can disprove that. Again, because I did not push the workk on my parallels at Vicksburg fast enough. I think I can show that I worked the longest line and did as much or more work than any other corps, besides the works I threw up at Warrenton and Big Black at the same time. His report, however, ignores all these pretexts and covertly assails me in other respects, which are afterthoughts. As published here, it mutilates in material part one of my dispatches, and the same dispatch in form is omitted in the report as published in the Army and Navy Official Gazette. Other matters are distorted and misrepresented, and an important effort is made to make me responsible for trying to do what he had foolishly ordered to be done. Is it not hard that I should be dismissed from command and Sherman and McPherson, of the same army, complimented by promotion in the Regular Army, when it will hardly be said that they have done more or better than myself?

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND.

[24.]

NASVHILLE, August 24, 1863.

General MORGAN:

Transfer the supplies in Colonel McCook's train now en route for Columbia to the wagons belonging to the First Brigade. Return McCook's wagons to Franklin as soon as you receive those supplies. March you First Brigade to Athens. Report your arrival to district and department headquarters via Huntsville and Stevenson, Ala. Until further orders draw your supplies from Huntsville.

WM. C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dunlap. Tenn., August 24, 1863-8.20 a. m.

General WOOD,

Therman:

Captain Moreau is now here with sixteen men. If you deem them sufficient to establish courier line to Jasper, will order them to you.

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 11. August 25, 1863.

* * * * * *

2. Mr. J. L. McCarty is hereby authorized to raise three companies of mounted men from citizens of Whitley and adjacent counties in Kentucky and Tennessee, to serve from thirty to sixty days, for the purpose of guarding the different lines of communication between

