
WASHINGTON, August 28, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Immediately on the receipt of your recommendations for promotion, dated July 27, I approved and submitted them to the Secretary of War. All vacancies of major-general had been previusly filled. I tried all I could to keep some open for your army, but failed. Only a part of those recommended for brigadier-generals could be appointed at present. My object in getting the appointments on Colonel Rawlins' statement, without waiting for your official letter, was to prevent everything from being gobbled up before your army could get a chance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[30.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, August 31, 1863.

MY DEAR GENERAL ROSECRANS: Yours of the 22nd was received yesterday. When I wrote you before, I did [not] intend, nor do I now, to engage in an argument with you on military questions. You had informed me you were impressed through General Halleck that I wqas dissatisfied with you; and I could not bluntly deny that I was, without unjustly implicating him. I therefore concluded to tell you the plain truth, being satisfied the matter thus appear much smaller than it would if seen by mere glimpses. I repeat that my appreciation of you has not abated. I can never forget whilst I remember anything, that about the end of last year and beginning of this, you gave us a hard-earned victory, which, had there been adefeat instead, the nation could scarcely have lived over. Neither can I forget the check you so opportunely gave to a dangerous sentiment which was spreading in the North.

Yours, as ever,

A. LINCOLN.

[30.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 14. August 31, 1863.

* * * * * *

2. Battery M, First Illinois Artillery, is hereby transferred from the Second Brigade, Third Division, to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

3. The Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery is hereby trasferred from the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, to the Reserve Artillery.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

R. H. I. GODDARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[30.]

Nashville, September 5, 1863.

General MORGAN:

Hurry forward McCook's brigade to Bridgeport, leaving a small force at Larkinsville and Paint Rock to guard the bridge and saw-mill. Two regiments from Columbia are ordered to Larkinsville to relieve them.

GRANGER,

Major-General.

[30.]

