
batteries when gathered together. They are from many commands, but as near as I can judge now most from the Twentieth and Twenty-first Corps. The enemy cannot well drive us from this point, as we command the gap. Generals Crittenden and Van Cleve have gone through this line to the rear; also Colonel Parkhurst, of the Ninth Michigan, with some prisoners and some of his regiment, the Ninth Michigan. I have seen nothing of McCook since the right gave way. Generals Sheridan, Davis, and Negley have just joined me, and are here with me now. Also Colonel McKibbin, of the staff. Negley says he is going to Rossville. Davis, on my recommendation, will stay here with some troops and cover the retreat of trains, &amp;c. I will tell Negley to be ready to support him. General Sheridan and myself are going to the support of Thomas, through Rossville, by the La Fayette road, with what troops we can get together in possible order to handle. I will report to you on the situation, at Chattanooga, some time during the night, and receive your instructions. Things are not as bad as they might seem. Where are McCook and Granger? Hurry up Granger.

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Insepctor-General.

[30.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Widow Glenn's, September 20, 1863-2.10 a. m.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Commanding Cavalry, Crawfish Spring:

The general commanding desires me to say that in future he requires from you an acknowledgment of the receipt and execution of all orders; that three orders have been sent you and not one word in reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

The general commanding directs that you report in person immediately to him at these headquarters.

F. S. B.

[30.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 20, 1863-7 p. m.

General MORGAN:

You must secure the bridges at Bridgeport and Battle Creek at all hazards. Let me know your force. Your effort must be equal to the emergency. We have suffered a serious disaster though I trust by no means irretrievable.

ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[30.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 21, 1863.

General MORGAN:

Re-enforce Bridgeport at once. Turn back all trains and permit none to leave until further orders. The rebel cavalry are betweedn here and Bridgeport. Also re-enforce Shellmound bridge.

GRANGER,

Major-General.

[30.]

29 R R-VOL LII, PT I

