
to Baltimore, Md., and from there report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army Washington, D. C., for orders.

* * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

John A. RAWLINS,

[30.] Brigadier-General and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, September 24, 1863.

General MORGAN:

Take up the bridge at Battle Creek, leaving one regiment to guard that point and withdraw the balance to Bridgeport and Stevenson. Send scouts to watch carefully all the fords and ferries of the Tennessee River as far down as Guntersville.

GRANGER,

[30.] Major-General.

DEPOT QUATERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Jeffersonville, Ind., September 24, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quatermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 30th of June, 1862, I was, and had been since October, 1861, attached as brigade quatermaster to the Sixth Brigade, Second Division, of General Buell's army, then on the march from Corinth, Miss., to East Tennessee. The army crossed the Tennessee River at Florence, Ala., about the last of June and marched, via Athens and Huntsville, to Stevenson, thence to Brigeport, Ala., near which the brigade to which I was assigned, then under the command of Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, went into camp about the 20th of July. On the 20th of August following the army of General Buell commenced its memorable countermarch, induced by the flank movement on our left of General Bragg. I was here assigned to the charge of the division (Major-General McCook) train, which, on the morning of the 21st, I conducted to Stevenson, where the baggage was sent by rail to Decherd Station, in Tennessee. The train I then conducted across the Cumberland Mountains, descending near Winchester, Tenn. Reaching Decherd, the baggage was reloaded into the wagons, and from this point I conducted the Second Division train to Bowling Green, Ky., via Tullanhome, Shelbyville, Murfreesborough, and Natashville, making a halt of two days at Murfreesborough and one at Nashville, making the whole distance, 160 miles, in seven days' actual march. At Bowling Green all of the General Buell's trains were collected and remained in park, under the protection of the fortifications, two or three weeks. On the morning of the 28th of September this celebrated train of nearly 2,000 wagons commenced its march for the Ohio River, moving via Litchfield, Ky., leaving the contending forces far to the right. The train was divided into three sections, each under the charge of an assistant quatermaster. The rear section, consisting of about 600 wagons, was placed under my direction. I reached the Ohio River at West Point with the rear of this train on the evening of the 4th of October, and at noon on the 5th was safely in Louisville, having accomplished a distance of 140 miles in seven days and half, without the loss of a mule or wagon wheel. The whole time occupied in actual movement of the trains of the Second Division from Brigeport, on the Tennessee River,

