
to Louisville, on the Ohio River, a distance of 360 miles (by the route taken0, was seventeen days and a half. At Louisville I received orders from Major-General McCook, then promted to the command of an army corps, to report to General Sill, then commanding his (General McCook's) old division at division quatermaster. The division then was in camp at Frankfort, Ky.

On the afternoon of the 7th of October I started to join General Sill, taking with me three wagons loaded with work-shops and materials for shoeping public animals. On the next morning, before I reached Frankfort, General Sill moved southward via Lawrenceburg. Before I was able to overtake him, on the morning of the 9th, I found myslef completely surrounded by forces from Kirby Smith's and Bragg's army, which had been sent to intercept General Sill's division, and all the before-named property, including my papers of every description running through two quarters, fell into their hands. I was subsequently paroled and ordered to the camp of paroled forces at Columbus, Ohio, where I remained until exchanged, January 12, 1863. On rejoining the Army of the Cumberland I was assigned to duty on the 26th of January as division quatermaster of my old division, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson commanding, then in camp at Murfreesborough, Tenn. This division remained in camp at Murfreesborough until the 24th of June, when a general advance of the army took place. The 30th of June, 1863, found our division advanced as far Manchester, Tenn. My labors, it will be seen, have been entirely in the field, and the property received and issued has been the general supplies required by the brigade and division to which I have been assigned. The value of property noticed as captured by the rebels would amount to, say, $3,000. My disbursements have been so inconsiderable as not to require notice. My report is very unsatisfactory to muyself owing to my inability to make it complete, for the reason of the capture of my papers by the rebels in Octber last. I respectfully call your attention to my remarks on this subject appended to my tabular statement inclosed. This report is not written with a view to promotion, but it is a simple compliance with your request as embodied in your General Orders, Numbers 13.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servnat,

THEO. C. BOWLES,

Captain and Assistant Quatermaster of Volunteers.

Statement of property on hand, received, purchased, sold, lost, and issued by Theodore C. Bowles, captain and assistan quatermaster, during the fiscal year commencing June 30, 1862, and ending June 30, 1863*.

[16 and 20.]

CHATTANOOGA September 25, 1863.

(Received 4 p. m. 26th.)

General MORGAN:

Send at once all the wagons you can possibly spare, loaded with commissary stores, to Captain Remick, commissary of subsistance at trder of General Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON.

[30.]

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

