
one of my scouts that General Burnside had only a provost guard of one company at that place. The enemy crossed simultaneously at so many places along the river it was impossible for me to re-enfroce every point with the very small amount of cavalry I had. The distance of four or five miles between fords of the river in going from one ford to the other required us to make a circuit of from twelve to fifteen miles, while the enemy could cross at almost every point along the river. I do not think we will need this infantry now, as I do not think their cavalry will give us fight, but will move across the mountain at once. My scout has not returned yet; as soon as it returns I will give you any additional information it may gring. The trouble in the courierlie must be upon the lower end, as my part of the line is well organized and very prompt. The Fourth Ohio has not been heard from yet. I expect it has gone down Sequatchie Valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

[30.] Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 30. Vicksburg, Miss., October 2, 1863.

I. In order to encourage and reward the meritorious and faithful officers and men of this corps a medal of honor, with appropriate device, has been prepared and will be presented by a board of honor, of which the major-general commanding is the advisory member, to all those who, by their gallantry in action and other soldier-like qualities, have must distinguished themselves or who may hereafter most distinguished themselves during the war.

II. The following officers will constitute the board of honor hereby appointed: Major General John A. Logan, commanding Third Division; Brigadier General John McArthur, commanding First Division; Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Second Division; Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, commanding Fourth Division; Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, commanding Second Brigade, Frist Division; Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division; Brigadier General W. Q. Gresham, commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division; Brigadier General Alexander Chambers, commanding Third Brigade, First Division; Colonel Gabriel Bouck, Eighteenth Wisconsin Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Powell, chief of artillery.

III. Company commanders will forward to the commanding officer of their regiment a list of the names of the non-commissioned officers and men of their command whom they deem entitled to receive the medal, accompanied by a full and complete statement of facts to guide the board in their award. These lits will be revised by the regimental commander, who will forward them, with his remarks, to the commanding officer of the brigade.

IV. Regimental commanders will send similar lists of those officers of their command whom they believe entitled to the medal to the brigade commander, who, after revising the whole, wills end them direct to the president of the board.

V. The board of honor will be convened upon the order of the president at such times and places as he may direct, and they are empowered to make all needful rules and regulations for the attainment of the

