HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Bridgeport, Ala., October 7, 1863.

Colonel O. SMITH,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

(Through commanding officer Second Division.)

COLONEL: According to orders received from Major-General Hooker, your brigade will be ready to march to Larkinsville, Ala., at daylight to-morrow. The brigade will follow the river road to below Bellefonte and from there through Scottsville to Larkinsville. The command must be provided with seven days' rations as soon as these can be obtained. The utmost vigilance and resolution must be exercised by the command, as the rebel cavalry now north of the Tennessee River is expected to return partly by Huntsville. From Larkinsvile pickets must be well sent out in the direction of Huntsville and Santa. A company of our soldiers will be found below Bellefonte working a saw-mil. Three wagons and two ambulances will report to the commanding officer. The object of the expedition is to cover the foraging parties going in the direction of Bellefone. Two hundred wagons are to be used for foraging purposes, with the depot at Stevenson. The command will probably not be absent more than one week. One comapany of cavalry will report to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Ten horses will be ready for you at these headquarters at daylight in the morning. You will report in person at daylight to-morrow as soon as you have stetched out your command for the march.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

[30.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

WATERACE, October 8, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER, Stevenson:

I have communicated the instructions contained in your dispatch* to General Slocum at Nashville by telegraph. I propose, in view of the requirements for transportation of supplies to be made on the railroad when completed, to direct the troops to march to their positions between Murfreesborough anc Cowan, if you approve. The battery will be at Stevenson to-morrow p. m. A regiment of troops of Granger's command will be returned to Cowan to-morrow. I consider the positions between here and Tantalon sufficiently guarded for the present, except Tullahome. Will send a regiment there in the morning. I shall retain Kinpe's brigade here and Rugers' about Christiana and Fosterville until I hear further from General Slocum and of the movements of the enemy.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

[30.] Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,October 8, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Stevenson, Ala.:

Scouts report three regiments of cavalry in the vicinity of Trenton, one being at Wauhatchie Junction, with a company at Whiteside's.

---------------

* See VOL. XXX, Part IV, p. 188.

---------------

