
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

The following dispositions of troops of this command will be made at daylight to-morrow morning, viz: Wagner's and Harker's brigades to their positions in the Second Division; Willich's and Hazen's brigades to their positions in the Third Division. Major-General Palmer will arange and post his troops in the order of brigades throughout his lines. Major-General Sheridan and Brigadier-General Wood will superintend the movements and postings of their brigades, respectively, and as above indicated.

By command of Major-General Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON,

[30.] Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Send Colonel Mizner with his troops and the 200 Tennesseans to Columbia. Instruct him to take nothing with him that he would have to destroy if he should be compelled to suddenly evacuate the place, or nothing that would impede his march.

By command of Major-General Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON,

[30.] Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Bridgeport, Ala., October 12, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received I have the honor to report the following disposition made to guard the railroad from Tantalon to Bridgeport. Three companies of the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, under the command of Major Arnold, are stationed at Tantalon; four companies of the same regiment, commanded by Colonel Wood, at Anderson; two companies of the same regiment between Anderson and Stevenson, commanded respectively by Captain Bushwalter [sic.] and Farron [sic.]; two regiments and nine companies, under the command of Colonel Smith, are stationed at Stevenson. Of this detachment, three companies of the Thirty-third Massachusetts, Seventy-third Ohio, and Fifty-fifth Ohio, one of each, are posted to the wesdt of Stevenson. One company, Thirty-third Massachusetts, is stationed at Window's Creek. The remainder of the corps, First Brigade, Second Division, and the Third Divisiona at Bridgeport, with one regiment on Long Island and one on the other side of the Tennessee River. I beg leave to state that the abovce disposition between the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, which will necessarily cause some alternation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

O. O. HOWARD,

[30.] Major-General, Commanding.

