SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 400. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 18, 1863.

1. The commanding officer of the Seventh Indiana Volunteer Cavalry will at once proceed with this command to Louisville, Ky., and report to Brigadier-General Boyle, commanding District of Kentucky, for duty. * * *

By order of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,[30.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp and Knoxville, Tenn., October 19, 1863.

RECRUITS WANTED.

The men of East and North Carolina are invited to enlist in the regiment and batteries of the Ninth Army Corps, General Burnside's old command. This celebrated corps, composed of men from every loyal portion of the Union, having served in Virginia, in Maryland, in North and South Carolina, in Mississippi and Kentucky, having covered its banners with the mottoes of victory, has now brought its arms to the defense of Tennessee. By enlisting in old regiments recruits at once gain all the comforts and conveniences possible to a soldier, and are saved from the discomfrot, delays, sickness, and dangers arising from ignorance and indufference, to which all new organizations are subject, and which cause so much sickness and death. Men enlisting in these regiments and batteries receive the same pay and bounty as all other recurits, are at once colthed, armed, accoutered, comfortably quartered and fed, and placed on the same footing with the old soldiers, and are sure, when it is merited, to win honorable distinction. They become, almost at once, useful and accomplished soldiers, and save all the incoveniences and loss of time incurred by waiting for the organization of new regiments, and are sure that their officers are brave, skillful, and dreserving. Recruiting parties are established at Knoxville, Morristown, Greenville, and various other points, and all persons desirous to join the army are requested to enlist at once.

By command of Brigadier General R. B. Potter:

NICOLAS BOWEN,

[30.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Stevenson, October 19, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inclose you a copy of a letter from the major-general commanding department to show you how deep is his anxiety and how necessary it is to push the repairs on the roads and urge on the completion of the steamer*. As the general will not be able to give it his personal

---------------

* See Rosecrans to Hooker, October 18, VOL. XXX, Part IV, p. 467.

---------------

