HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Bridgeport, Ala., October 24, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: I sent a couple of regiments yesterday to secure and bring in an engine and three cars on road from Shellmound to Gordon's Mines. They brought the engine into Shellmound and as soon as the small bridge just this side is done, which be before night, will run her and the cars to this place. Shellmound is said to be easily defended with a small force. The engine can be put in working order in three or four days, ditto the cars. I started this expedition without stooping to communicate for fear the enigine and cars would be destroyed.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

[31.] Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,October 24, 1863.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to send a partol of fifty men to Moore's Gap to be there at daylight to-morrow and to remain at the grap during the day. He also wishes you to direct that small scouting parties be sent during the night toward Trenton and Winston's Gap who [will] report any advance of the enemy in those directions. The outpost should be unusually vigilant, and Colonl Hecker's brigade should be prepared to march at short notice to the support of the detachment at Shellmound in case of an attack. The general wishes me to say that he does anticipate an attack on the detachment at Shellmound but the delay in bringing the locomotive to this place may induce the enemy to interfere with the expedition.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

[31.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, ALA., October 26, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier General W. F. SMITH,

Chief of Engineer:

Fort want of oars only ten pontoons can go by water to Shellmound. I therefore have concluded to send the balance of the train there by land on the south side of the river a road across the bend which is six miles long and a good raod. This ought to be safe as one brigade has gone up the river to Shellmound and another crossed the river here to that side. I have applied to General Howard for an escort. I will have the pontoons rowed to the north side as fast as they get to Shellmound.

J. ST. C. MORTON,

[31.] Brigadier-General.

