
HENDERSON'S, [October] 30, 1863.

General WILLOCX:

Your dispatch received. I ordered Colonel Hoskins to encamp between Rheatown and Jonseborough. I also ordered the regiment of cavalry at Rheatwon to report to him, and directed that it should be sent six or seven miles in his advance to-night. I will move with the main command early in morning. I have not heard from Colonel Garrard to-day. The latest I had from him was through you.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

[31.] Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 30, 1863.

(Received 5 p. m. November 1.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The new boat Chattanooga made a trip from Bridgeport to Rankin's Ferry and back yesterday. To-day she comes to Kelly's Ferry, leaving only ten miles of hauling of road. The Paint Rock ran down to the lower pontoon bridge at Brown's Ferry last night, and to-day has gone on to Bridgeport to be put together, to be used in towing flatboats.

Respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

[31.] Quatermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Ocotber 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEINWEHR,

Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding directs you to occupy the front on the left of the Third Division, occupying the hill to the north of the railroad with your Second Brigade. Colonel Buschbeck's brigade will connect on the right with Colonel Smith and occupy the valley and hill north of Colonel Smith, so as to prevent any force from coming through the valley or on the river road leading into this valley.

Very respectfully,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

[31.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, [Ocotber] 31, 1863.

General O. B. WILLCOX:

But a limited supply of clothing has arrived and which has to be distributed proportinately among all the troops. As soon as the distibution is made your proportion will be sent. The only object in retaining Shackelford at Henderson's is that there are some indications of a large cavalry force over the line (Tennessee) and up the south side of the Holston, which may prove too large for our cavalry force here to complete with. I agree with you that it is very desirable to keep up a bold front in that direction, and if you think there is danger of the capture of Jonesboroguh you can order Shackelford's main force as far

