
me last evening that a man by the name of Spencer reported Williams and Jones had 5,000 cavalry on the Poor Valley road; that Spencer reports forward movements agree with Bruke's statement. Just before sending you the telegram this evening Colonel Foster came to my headquarters and informed me that a citizen had brought the news that Williams had gone around the Poor Valley road for the purpose of cutting of the train. After I received the report of Colonel Garrarg through you I left easier on the subject, for Williams would have had to pass within six miles of Kingsport. Yet appearance of a small body of cavalry at Kingsport, a body at Duvall's [Devault's?] Ford, Zollicoffer, and Carter's, with no demonstration on this side of the river, would answeer well to cover a movement of that kind. I have heard from Jonesborough to day. A part of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry waas in that place. No enemy there. Two regiments of infantry and one battalion of cavalry reported at Duvall's [Devault's?] Ford and a force reported at Carter's Station.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

[31.] Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,November 2, 1863,

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It is reported that the enemy are advancing upon us in three columns. General Thomas directs that everything be put in readiness at the trenches to receive them immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

[31.] Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, November 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Third Division:

The following report of Lieutenant-Colonel Magee, commanding brigade of General Steinwehr's division, is sent for your information:

General STEINWEHR,

Commanding Second Division:

I am informed by my pickets that the enemy are moving artillery from the direction of the river to a point about one-third way up the mountain opposite General Tyndale's left. Should there be further evidence of an attack I will advise you of the same as soon as possible.

MAGEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Very respectfully,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

[31.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, [November] 2,, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

I will try to give Colonel Smith a portion of his outfit and allow him to remain. I have directed the commissary stores to be sent here

