
because I expect to bring the regiment down. If they do not come down the stores can be sent up by rail. I am ordered by Grant to relieve Boyle by some decent and capable officer. I have telegraphed Grant and hope he will not insist upon order, but if he does you must relieve him and go to Kentucky. I don't want to spare you here, but there is no one who can take charge there as well as you. I will telegraphed you fully as to further movements in morning. Nothing new.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

[31.] Major-General.

NOVEMBER 2 [3?], 1863

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville:

Your last night's dispatch received. I hope Grant will not insist, but if he does I trust you will make some other selection and give me a command in the field.

O. B. WILLCOX,

[31.] Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 3, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

You will please hold your command, including General Shackelford's and Colonel Garrard's, in readiness to move at an early hour to-morrow morning. I send you a copy of a dispatch from Cumberland Gap. It is the intention to move your infantry force, at least, to Bull's Gap, General Shackelford to Greenville, and Colonel Garrard to Rogersville. Shall the telegraph communication be cut between this and to-morrow morning you will consider this and order. Colonel Garrard should be directed to scout in the direction of Jonesville to ascertain the truth or falisty of the rumored movements of the enemy. I will telegraph you again this evening.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

[31.] Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, November 3, 1863-2.45 p. m.

Colonel GARRARD:

I inclose copy of a dispatch from Colonel Lemert to General Burnside*. Please scout in the direction of Jonesborough to ascertain the truth of the rumor at once. Should it prove true send a courier both to Greenville and Bull's Gap, and you will retire to Rogersville, and, under the same circumstances. I will move from here to Bull's Gap, and General Shackelford will come here.

Very respectfully, yours,

O. B. WILLCOX,

[31.] Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, [November] 4, 1863-6 p. m.

General WILLCOX:

Communication with the States has been interupted for two or three days till this afternoon. To-day's dispatches give us nothing new

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure, but see Lemert to Burnside, VOL. XXXI, Part III, p. 36.

---------------

