
The case of Paymater Doran, of the U. S. Navy, apprehend and detained in Richmond: Advised unanimously that, at officers who were lately connected with the Army and Navy of the United States have been permitted to withdraw from the U. s. service without hindrance, and to return to Virginia and are still so allowed, as far as in known to the council, Paymater Doran be permitted to pass.

The Governor having nomintedto the council Major Thomas J. Jackson colonel of volunteers, called into service under the ordinance of April 17, 1861, and requested the advice of council on the appointement, the council unanimously approave of the nomination of Major Jackson as colonel of volunteers.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, Numbers 3. April 27, 1861.

1. The charge, preparation, &amp; of the ordnance for the troops for field service and all its appliancer are assigned to Colonel C. Dimmock, colonel of ordnance, Richmond, Va.

2. The ordnance for the stationary batteries and for river and harbor defence, the preparation of ammunition, &c., is assigned to the charge of Captain George Minor, State navy, through Captain Samuel Barron, of the same, Richmond, Va. Officer of both services will conform their action in relation to this subject accordingly.

By command of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

CONVENTION OF VIRGINIA,

Richmond, April 27, 1861.]

General LEE:

DEAR SIR: Will you permit us to ask your attention to a state of things which wwe regard as of great and urgent moment to our part of the State-the northern portion of the Valley of Shenandoah? A large camp of Northern troops is now concertatin at Chambersburg, in Pennsylvania, just against and very near that part of our border. The papers inform us that one or more brigades are now there, and several others marching to join them. the object stated is to invade Virginia upon the first indication of movement on the part of our force. From the position chosen and the rich and defenseless character of our northern Valley counties, we believe that first blow will fall upon our people. We are entirely witiout cannot, although appropriated to us by act of assembly, and urgently claimed by some of us for moths past. Artillery companies at Winchester are ready to service and use them.

Very respectfully,

ROB. Y. CONRAD,

JAS. MARSHALL,

Frederick County.

EDMUND PENDLETON,

Berkeley County.

HUGH M. NELSON,

Clarke County.

ALFRED M. BARBOR,

Jefferson County.

[2.]

4 R R-VOL LI, PT II

