
from Army of the Potomac or Army of the Cumberland. Everything quiet. I hoped to get dispatches before this which would enable [me] to give you definite news as to the troops under your command, but they will probably not come now before to-morrow. As soon as movements are completed I shall want you to start at once for Kentucky. I received a dispatch from General Boyle this evening stating that no appointment could have been made that would give so universal satisfaction to the people of Kentucky. I may send you an order later to-night or in the morning. At want point is Hoskins now?*

A. E. BURNSIDE,

[31.] Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, November 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEINWEHR,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I have ordered tools to be sent you. You will occupy and intrench the hill in front of Colonel Smith's brigade, the left to rest at a point I showed to Colonel Buschebeck and Major McAloon this a. m. Colonel Buschbeck has promised to put two regiments at work and Colonel Smith one. You will please so order this and give it your personal superintendence till the work is well under way. The river gorge will be thoroughly obstucted; also the gorge at the right and rear of the hill. The brushwood on the crest should be preserved as a cover to the troops. After to-morrow the regiment of Colonel Buschbeck on the road will be relieved.+

O. O. HOWARD,

[31.] Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 5, 1863-11 a. m.

C. A. DANA, Esq.,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Your dispatches are received. You are at liberty to render any service which General Grant desires you to perform.++

EDWIN M. STANTON,

[31.] Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, November 5, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

You will please order Colonel Casement, with his entire regiment, to this place without delay. A train will leave here to-morrow morning which will bring it down to-morrow night. Its baggage and such of its teams as can be brought on the train with it will come down. The remainder will be turned over to the other command. The bridge guards from that regiment will be relived by details from the Indiana regiments in your command. The remnant is to be used as building parties for the road between Big South Fork and this place.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

[31.] Major-General.

---------------

* For reply, see Willcox to Burnside, VOL. XXXI, Part III, p. 63.

+ See also Steinwher to Meysenburg, VOL. XXXI, Part III, p. 40.

++ This in reply to Dana of November 4, 10 p. m., VOL. XXXI, Part II, p. 56.

---------------

