
men belonging to the Second Tennessee and Seventh Ohio Cavalry passed this p. m., going toward Knoxville. I saw several of them and the news I have been able to gather is about as follows: This morning our forces at Rogersville, consisting of the Second Tennessee, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, and Second Illinois Battery were attacked in front and rear almost simultaneously. Our forces were thrown into great confusion and badly cup up. After three charges the Second Illinois Battery was captured and a complete rout ensued. The colonel of the Seventh Ohio is reported killed or captured, and the adjutant of that regiment killed. Every man that I have seen that was in the fight is badly whipped; themselves and horses being completely exhausted, and several dead horses are lying by the road side. The last positive information I have of the rebels is that a small body of them were seen two miles this side of Rogersville at 11 a. m. The fght took place four miles above that town. Twenty men, One hundred and sixteenth Indiana, are guarding this bridge and have pickets from here to Greeneville.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

GEO. J. LANGSDALE,

[31.] Lieutenant, Third Indiana Cavalry.

NOVEMBER 7, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch received. The enemy have not been at Bull's Gap. Information that I have is contradictory. The most reliable is that of the soldier referred to in my last dispatch; that they had not crossed the river at Rogersville, and whether they are all there or only a porttion I don't know. Reports of their designs equally contradictory and unsatisfactory; same as to their numbers.

O. B. WILLCOX,

[31.] Brigadier-General.

MORRISTOWN, November 7, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

A reliable gentleman, who left Rogersville at 10 o'clock last night, states that the enemy commenced leaving that place in the direction of Kingsport before sundown last evening; that before he left last rebel had gone; that they left in a hurry and great appehension of being cut off. This report is reliable.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

[31.] Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, November 9, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I wish to represent officialy what I have already stated to you. At the end of last month my aggregate for duty (including the One hundred and first and Eightieth Illinois, which were temporarily assigned) was 6,749. I lost 200 in action, and now that the One hundred and first and Eightieth Illinois are taken away, numbering

