
to the last extermity, but if compelled to be abandoned should, if possible be fired. Your report of the effective strength of your command of this date shows but 2,445 men, whilst your report of the 10th instant shows 2,799 for duty, since which your report a loss of 211, which should leave 2,588 effective. Besides, you report 451 present on extra special or daily duty. Under existing circumstances no man in relieved by any detail from taking his plce in the trenches to repel the enemy, and no exception made that can possibly be provented.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAML. WRIGHT,

[31.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,November 20, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: A woman reported that General Ewing's division drove the enemy out of Johnson's Crook. The scouts, however, who have been to Trenton report different-the pickets of the forces at Trenton are at the foot of the crook. The scouts met the enemy at Davi's Mill, at the foot of Nickajack Trace, but only scouting parties. No deserters having come, in no information in regrd to the force of the enemy on Lookout Mountain has been obatined.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

[31.] Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 15. Chattanooga, Tenn., November 22, 1863.

Lieutenant William M. Dunn, Jr., Company F, Eighty-third Indiana Volunteers, is hereby detached from his company and regiment and assigned to staff duty on the staff of the major-general commanding, to date from the 4th day of October, 1863.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

GEO. K. LEET,

[31.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 23, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

No material change. The enemy are still in our front, and seem to be preparing for a regular investment. Our defenses are strong and we can hold our for then days yet. If you have no enemy theratening in your front you should have your infantry within striking distance of the gan, and send your cavalry to harass the rear and left of the enemy in front of this place. Your couries arrived.

[31.] BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,November 23, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

Order Baird to close to the left on Sheridan. Sheridan is forced to close to the left to join Wood.

G. GRANGER,

[31.] Major-General, Commanding.

