
RICHMOND, VA., April 28, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

The house of a secessionist named Pomfrey at Washington visited. He escaped. Four steamers passed up this morning. General Cocke's headquarters moved from Alexandria to Culpeper Court-House Faulkner has prestented our commissioners at Paris. Rumors that Federal troops will attack Alexandiria, take heights and railroad. Fact in connection with General Harney's arrest at Harper's Ferry and release here to-day. Governor Letcher says General Carson's Virginia army arrested him on his way from Saint Loius to Washington under orders. He came willingly on parole. Governor and council released him. Advise General Robert E. Lee and Commander Maury, hoping to win him over. Harney expressing Southern sentiments, his detention might interfere with further resignation of Virginia offices. Harney leaves for Washington to-morrow. Spy caught here to-day writing to Lincoln. Commissioners from Marlyland here asking assistance.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

SUNDAY, April 28, 1861.*

Present, a full council.

The Governor communicated his nomination of Major J. C. Pemberton, late of the U. S. Army, to be lieutenant-colonel of volunteers, adn J. S. Saunders to be captain of volunteers: Advised unanimously that Major J. Pemberton be appointed lieutenant-colonel of volunteers and J. S. Saunders captain of volunteers, as nominted.

The Governor also submitted a communication from Peyton Johnston, a druggist, of Richmond, stating that there is at present a very limited supply of medicines and surgical instructents in this State, and suggesting them arrangements should be speedily made for their importation from Europe in British or French bottoms, and that for that purpose an agent should be sent at once to Europe: Advised unanimously that the subject be referred to the surgeon-general for information.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH,

M. F. MAURY.

[2.]

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, April 28, 1861.

General P. ST. GEORGE COCKE,

Commanding Potomac District:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I ascertained from a reliable source in the State Department at Washington that there were yesterday in that city 17,000 men of all arms then quartered there, adn that the number of men in Annapolis amounted to 8,000, while there were two steamers lying off that port with troops not yet disembarked. A Heights. From the same source, which I deem reliable, I learn that the Lincoln Government has determined to renew the attempt to open communication through Baltimore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. G. SKINNER.

[2.]

---------------

* From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

