
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO. Numbers 104. Knoxville, East Tenn., December 12, 1863.

* * * *

18. Major-General Granger, commanding Fourth Army Corps, will detail one brigade of infantry to relieve Colonel Byrd's cavalry command at Kingston, East Tenn.

By order of Major-General Foster:

JOHN F. ANDERSON.

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Charleston, Tenn., December 13, 1863-11.30 a. M.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The general's order* to bring down pontoons has just been received. It indicates that some other orders have been sent me which I have not received. We now have a good wagon bridge across the Hiwassee at this point. One of my divisions is here, and the othe rjust this side of Cleveland. We had a rumor of a fight near Dalton, but are in the dark as to what has actually been done. We need shoes, shoes! A great many men are barefooted. Please send me a duplicate of orders, if any have been sent, as I had orders only to proceed to this point.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Charleston, Tenn., December 13, 1863.

Colonel BUSCHBECK,

Commanding Second Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding is surprised to learn, through Mr. Kirlin, that you are encamped so near to Cleveland, and more surprised to hear that you say you do not know what you are there for. Your object is, first, as an advance guard to General Sherman's force, facing the army at Dalton. Your duty is to take a military position so that your flanks are secure and that you may be early apprised of any movement of the enemy. You are not to allow any small force to disturb you. In case of a large force you are to retire steadily, Charleston being the point of concentration. The subordinate objects are to collect provisions, cover trains coming from Chattanooga, and communicate with our advance forces on the left. Be very particular to send the general informationof the enemy's movements. Hold your troops in readiness by 12 m. to-morrow to change camp. An aide-de-camp will be sent you.

Very respectfully,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

---------------

*See Grant to Howard, VOL. XXXI, Part III, p. 378.

---------------

