
with us to share its hardships and success. It is, however, a satisfaction to me, as it ought to be to yourself, that you were doing good duty for the Government and cause you serve so well. When application was made to have your command returned to the brigade, the reply of General Thomas was, that your services were too valuable where you were and that you could not be spared.

With my best wishes for yourself and command, and the hope that you soon will join us again, I remain, yours, truly,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., December 23, 1863.

Colonel LAIBOLDT,

Second Missouri Infantry:

You will at once assume control of the trains of the Second and Third Divisions of this corps, which are now being loaded at this place with camp and garrison equipage ofr the troops of said divisions, which are at Knoxville, Tenn., and you will take command of the troops which have been ordered to accompany said trains as a guard. These troops are now being organized into temporary companies and regiments for the expedition, under command of such qualified officers as are in camp at this place; and the officers appointed to command such regiments have been ordered to report to you for instructions. At daylight to-morrow morning, or as soon thereafter as the accompanying guard can be armed, you will start with this train for Knoxville, Tenn., via Cleveland, Charleston, Loudon, crossing the Hiwassee River over the bridge at Calhoun; and upon reaching that place you will report your arrival to Major-General Granger, commanding Fourth Army Corps. The assistant adjutants-general of said divisions, in the absence of the commanding generals thereof, have been ordered to supply the troops of their respective divisions, which are to accompany this expedition, with ten days' rations, three in the haversacks of the men and seven in wagons, and with forty rounds of ammunition per man; also to provide three days' forage for the animals, to be hauled in the wagons. When the supply of forage is exhausted you will have to obtain what is needed from the country through which you pass. Lieutenant John Van Pelt, Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster, will take charge of the forage train that will accompany this expedition, and he has been ordered to report to you for instructions. I have also ordered a commissary of subsistence to accompany the troops of each division; they will also report to you for instructions. I have also ordered a commissary of subsistence to accompany the troops of each division; they will also report to you for instructions.

By command of Major-General Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, December 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX;

I have heretofore ordered Fifty-first New York to London and two companies of cavalry to Barboursville. I have sent Ninety-first Indiana to Camp Nelson. I will send battalion of Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry to Somerset. I can throw forward the Forty-seventh Kentucky or the

