
From Grayson to the Ohio River, twenty-five miles, the roads were much better than we had seen since leaving Manchester, and we arrived at Greensburg, Ky., on the 3rd day of October, safe and in good condition, with all the artillery with which we left Cumberland Gap, except the ammunition chest of the Ninth Ohio Battery, which exploded, and one caisson abandoned at Grayson by Captain Lanphere, with a broken stock. October 4 we crossed the Ohio River by ferrying the ammunition chests and fording with the carriages, and camped in Haverhill, Ohio, before midnight.

Sunday, the 5th instant, left Haverhill about 9 a. m. for this place, where we arrived at noon on the 7th istant. Thus ended a march of upward of 200 miles through a region of country considered impracticable for an army, where water was very scarce, adn subsidered impracticable for an army, where water was very scarce, and subsistence, other than green corn and a few potatoes, was not to be had. Not a pound of flour was used by several of the batteries during the whole march, all their bred being made from "gritted" corn. Many of the men were barefooted and all were poorly clad, yet these men would march almost day and night with very little complaining, showing a degree of courage and fortitude worthy of emulation. Too much praise cannot be bestrowed upon Captain Patterson and his command for the prompt and efficient manner in which he removed all obstacles to our safe and speedy progress.

J. T. FOSTER,

Captain and Chief of Artillery.

By DANIEL WEBSTER,

Lieutenant First Wisconsin Battery.

Captain CHARLES O. JOLINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces, Portland, Ohio.

[16.]

OCTOBER 8, 1862.-Battle of Perryville, or Chaplin Hills, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Patrick R. Cleburne, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S BRIGADE,October, 1862.

COLONEL: About midday on the 8th of October, instant, my brigade was ordered to be formed in line of battle east of the Harrodsburg and Perryville road, supported by the brigade of General Liddell. From this position we were ordered to advance across Chaplin Creek and support the brigade of Brigadier-General Johnston. We continued to advance, keeping within supporting distance of General Johnston's brigade until he became hotly engaged with the enemy at the point where the Mackville road crosses Chaplin Creek. The enemy lined the ridges west and south of the creek. They were strongly posted behind stone walls and were keeping up a rapid on the brigade of General Johnston, which was trying to ascend the ridges in the face of this galling fire. We now received the ordered to advance quickly to his support. We advanced down the open ground into the creek bottom exposed to a heavy fire of artillery and small-arms. I ordered the brigade to advance in double time and we were soon in the rocky bed of the creek so immediately under the enemy that their fire passed harmlessly over us. General Johnston's brigade was still on the side of the acclivity in our front, exchanging a rapid fire with the enemy. By moving the Fifteenth

