
spare, making allowance for relief to work day and night. I fear we will be bothered by this. At the second creek from where you camped (Decatur), Tulissa Creek, on this side, there is a good road leading to Chunky's Station. Send a brigade down at daylight and let them return to this road by some one which comes in ahead of this. We are now said to be eighteen miles from Meridian, but I fear the obstructions will delay us much.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[32.]

FEBRUARY 14, [1864.]

Major-General GRANGER,

Loudon:

Longstreet has advanced to Strawberry Plains and appears to be preparing to cross the river. It will probably be necessary for a portion of your command to move in this direction soon. Be prepared to move one division without delay.

J. M. S[CHOFIELD].

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,

Commanding First Division, Ninth Army Corps:

You will move your command to-morrow morning as early as possible and encamp in the vicinity of the Clinton road as near the city of Knoxville as possible, giving due consideration to convenience of supplying wood and water. The two divisions of the corps will encamp in a body.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Motley's Ford, Tenn., February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL The following extract from the report of a scout made by Captain Warren, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, from Maryville, just received, is transmitted for the information of the major-general commanding:

MARYVILLE, TENN., Februray 13, 1864-7.30 p. M.

* * * *

Captain Warren, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, has just returned from a most successful scout, having gone on the main Sevierville road, two miles and a half beyond Trundle's Cross-Roads, to Boyd's Creek. Captain Warren captured five prisoners (cavalrymen), from whom (and the citizens on the route) he obtained the information that Armostrong's division of cavalry and Bushrod Johnson's division of infantry were camped on Pigeon River between Cannon's Mills and Sevierville. Prisoners report the enemy to be preparing for a move. In what direction is unknown.

T. F. ALLEN,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

I am, general, your very obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

[32.]

