
FEBRUARY 18, [1864.]- 6.30 p. M.

Major-General THOMAS:

Nothing important from the front to-day. The position of Longstreet's main force remains unchanged. I am now satisfied that his cavalry started for a raid in rear of Loudon, but were compelled to abandon it, the Little Tennessee being impassable.

J. M. S[CHOFIELD].

[32.]

FEBRUARY 18, [1864.]

Major-General GRANGER:

Longstreet's movements, I think, clearly indicate some aggressive design. It does not appear to be an attack upon this place. He may intend an attack upon Loudon for the purpose of obtaining supplies to be made by a portion of his force while he makes a demonstration upon this place. I think for the present soters should not be permitted to accumulate at Loudon. Push them across the river as rapidly as possible. I will send down the steamer Chattanooga to-morrow. Can you ferry stores across as fast as they are now arriving from Chattanooga?

J. M. S[CHOFIELD].

[32.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Enterprise, Miss., February 18, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

The expedition under Brigadier-General Gresham has been entirely successful. They completely destroyed the bridges and trestle-work in the vicinity of Quitman. General Gresham encamped within six miles of this place last night, and is engaged this morning burning the small bridge and trestle-work across Alligator Swamp. He will be in by 12 m. We have completely destroyed about seven miles of the road, and I have four regiments at work this morning. They have their hands in and work with a good will. I succeeded in finding one small millin town and have made about 300 bushels of meal. It will continue to work, grinding about ten bushels per hour. Have heard no complaints of scarcity of food as yet.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General.

[32.]

FEBRUARY 21, [1864.]

Major-General GRANT:

I am watching Longstreet carefully, and will avail myself of every opportunity to strike him. My cavalry is far inferior to that of the enemy, and I have no portable bridge; hence my movements have been very much restricted during the high water. I intended to attack the enemy on Flat Creek, but he retreated after my reconnaissance of yesterday. I willhave a bridge in a few days. Longstreet cannot intend to invest this place without he receives re-enforcements. I think his movements clearly indicate that he expects re-enforcements enough to enable him to do so. General Thomas' movement may affect Longstreet's. I will watch him closely and do all I can, but it is impossible

