
FEBRUARY 23, [1864]

Major-General GRANT:

I sent a reconnaissance toward Sevierville under General Hascall and another toward STrawberry Plains under Colnoel Garrard on the 21st. Each had a skirmish withthe enemy. General Hascall captured nine prisoners and killed several of the enemy. He lost one man killed and several wounded. The enemy fell back and recrossed the Holston at Strawberry Plains, and the French Broad at Boyd's Ferry. Longstreet has taken up his pontoon bridge at Strawberry Plains. A reconnaissance in force under General Stoneman found no enemy south of the French Broad to-day.

J. M. S[CHOFIELD.]

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 23, 1864.

Captain H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

CAPTAIN: Scouts sent to McLemore's Cove have returned and report two regiments of cavalry only at La Fayette. No force except small partie sof rebel scouts have been in the cove since Sunday. All r3eports from scouts sent from the troops at Whiteside's, Shellmound, and Gridgeport show that no force of the enemy entered the cove. Some of the scouts went within fifteen miles of La Fayette and only saw three rebel scouts. No force this side of Pigeon Mountains, the scouts crossing through McDaniel's Gap into the cove. Scouts towrad Lebanon report two parties of rebel cavalry on San Mountain, 140 men strong, respectively, going towrad Guntersville. Citizens report to the scouts that they have heard firing in the direction of Lebanon yesterday, and assert that there has been fighting at that place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Commanding.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 24, 1864

Captain PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

CAPTAIN: A patrol of the Second Kentucky Cavalry under charge of Lieutenant Higgins, of my escort has just returned from McLemore's Cove. He left these headquarters on the 22nd instant, went to Johnson's Crook, and returned through McLemore's Cove. He reports that no force of any consequence, but a few scouting parties (four or seven men strong) only, had been in the cove since Sunday. He met a scout of General Thomas who reported no force at La Fayette. Could not hear anything about affairs at Lebanon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General,

[32.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO. Numbers 56. February 25, 1864.

* * * *

4. Captain J. Bates Dickson, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from duty at headquarters Department of the Ohio, Knoxville, Tenn.,

