
and will proceed via Chattanooga and Nashville to Lexington, Ky., and relieve Captain W. P. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, in charge of the branch of the assistant adjutant-general's office at that post.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

HENRY CURTIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

NEW MARKET, February 28, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps, Mossy Creek:

GENERAL: The general commanding proposes moving your command and General Wood's division of the Fourth Corps to Morristown to-morrow and directs that you move at an early hour unless you receive other orders from these headquarters before morning. he wishes every effort used, both by Colonel Garrad's cavalry and by such scouts, citizens, or others as you may be able to obtain, to learn the actual present position of the enemy, their force, movements, &amp;c., and that all information of value that you may thus procure be sent to these headquarters. Should you learn anything showing that it would be manifestly hazardous to move your corps in advance before Wood's division is closed up upon your column you will suspend your movement until the force is united, using your sound discretion in the matter. The commanding general expects to reach in person the head of the column before it arrives at Morristown, and to have the whole force well in hand Judah's division of the Twenty-third Corps to be somewhere between Mossy Creek and Morristown. Particular inquiry is suggested as to the existence of a rebel force at Bull's Gap and as to the practicability of the road running [in] that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX.

Acting Chief of Staff.

[32.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 59. Chattanooga, Tenn., February 28, 1864.

* * * * *

XI. Brigadier General C. L. Matthies will with that portion of the Fifteenth Army corps under his command, march on Tuesday next (March 1) from Cleveland, Tenn., on their return to the corps to which they belong. They will report their return to Major-General Logan, commanding.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

MORRISTOWNL, February 29, 1864.

Major-General PARKE

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: Two companies of Garrard's cavalry are on the Russellville road in front of the infantry outposts, and are expected to report to you, as the whole of that cavalry force has been doing through the

