
Polk returned to my camp on the Harrodsburg road. Colonel Polk, of the Fiftheenth Arkansas Regiment, displayed his usual judgment and gallantry on this occasion. The conduct of both these officers deserves special mention. Lieutenant Scay, of my staff, was sho dead at my side. In him the country has lost one of her most gallant and useful officers. Captain Carlton, commanding the bridge sharshooters, distinguished himself for coolness and bravery.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

W. F. MASTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

Report of Captain Cuthbert H. Slocomb, Fifth Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.
HDQRS. FIFTH COMPANY, BATTLN. WASHINGTON ARTY.,Near Bryantsville, Ky., October 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action near Perryville on the 8th instant.

At 1,15 p. m. I was ordered to advance, and moving steadily to the front we opened fire at 2,30 p. m. at 150 to 200 yards distance, compelling the enemy to fall back. A second position was then taken, about 100 yards to the front and left, thereby obtaining an enfilading fire. The enemy were again forced to fall back, and vigorously pursuing the advantage, my guns opened fire on them from the brow of a hill, directing their fire on the large white house on the skirts of the woods to which they had retreated. Still advancing, I came into battery, my right resting on some hay-stacks, from which the enemy had been recently driven. At this my command was subjected to the fire of infantry and artillery in front and on my left. Directed by you to retire, which was done in perfect order, the column was halted by Geneneral Hardee in the creek bottom recently crossed. Immediately after my battery was established, by command of General Hardee, in my last position on a hill to the right of that just left, where I remained until after dark, finally retiring when my ammunition was almost exhausted, and firing the last gun from our lines on those of the enemy-in all, 758 rounds during the action. In this position we experienced a heavy and continuous fire of artillery and infantry from our front and left for about two hours. I regret to report the loss of Lieutenant Blair and eleven men captured by the enemy under the following circumstances: By direction of Captain Hotchkiss, chief of artillery, I detailed the above officer to proceed to General Anderson's headquarters, on the Harrodsburg pike, to procure a fresh supply of ammunition. On his way thither, although in our rear, he was intercepted by a force of the enemy and compelled to surrender with his command. Surgeon Legare, with the ambulance driver and three of my wounded, I have to believe were captured at the same time. Two of my drivers who had left for water have also filed to report. Another of my wounded in reported to be in my hospital, but I am not cognizant of the fact. My loss is as folows: Five privates wounded and missing, 2 officers missing, 14 privates missing, 10 horses killed and 14 missing, 2 mules missing, 2 caissons captured, and 1 ambulance captured. I affords me great pleasure to call your attention to the

