
at Mossy Creek, will report to Colonel Garrard, who will receive his orders from Major-General Stoneman, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 78 Chattanooga, Tenn., March 18, 1864.

* * * * *

XVII. The following-named regiments are detaile dto form a permanent garrison of the post of Chattanooga. Tehya re relieved from duty with the brigades to which they have been heretofore assigned and will report to Brigadier General James B. Steedman, commanding post: Fifteenth, Fifty-first, Twenty-ninth, Sixty-eight, and Forty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-fourth and Third Ohio Volunteers, and Eighth Kentucky Volunteers.

By command of Majro-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

COLUMBUS, OHIO, March 21, 1864

Brigadier-General VANCE, C. S. Army,

Camp Chase:

SIR: At the time of the evacuation of Cumberland Gap by my troops Captain De Silva was left there sick. After his exchange he wrote to me that he had the honor of dining with you and Colonel (afterward General) Rains, and that you informed him of the intention of General Stevenson to send a force under your command through Baptist Gapin order to gain my rear, while a the same time another force was to take position on the north side of the Cumberland, in order to command the ford, while Stevenson with 15,000 men was to press my rear, If consistent with your views of propriety, I would be gratified by your informing me of the plans contemplated by General Stevenson to cut off the retreat of my command. I should to ask this could it in any way do prejudice but as it is a mere question of history I feel no delicacy in making the request; and I do so with the greater confidence in consequence or the strict regard to the rules of honorable warfare which always governed our respective forces when opposed to each other in the field.

With sincere wishes for your health and personal comfort, I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN.

[16.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, March 22, 1864.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

MY DEAR SIR: Your favor of yesterday from Columbus, was handed me same day, and I hasten to make such response as I feel consistent with my duty to my Government. I am confident, general, that you will appreciate my feelings, of embarrasment in fully complying with your request. While, therefore, I am anxious to gratify the desire of so gallant and fair a foeman as you proved yourself, to be, I must bear in mind that my own brethren in arms are now in front of Cumberland

