
counduct of my officers, Lieutenant Vaught, Chalaron, Seixas, and Blair, all of whom assisted me greatly by their coolness and efficiency. Nor can I omit Surgeoun Legare, who was at his post during the entire action. Equal praise is due to the non-commissioned officers and men, who without exception behaved like veterans. Under your immediate observation during the whole action, you can judge of the execution of my battery as well as myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SLOCOMB, Captain.

Captain BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

DECEMBER 20, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Rural Hill, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp Rosecrans, December 20, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with others received from General Stanley, I marched at 9 this a. m., whit Fourth Michigan Cavalry, 322 men; Fourth Ohio Cavalry, 200 men; First Ohio Cavalry (couries), 24 men; total, 546. At the village of Spring Place I met the division of infantry and reported to General Palmer. I then took the advance, throwing out the usual advance guard and flankers; under orders from the general, halted at Stewart's Ferry until the column closed up. I sent Captain Gotwald with the Fourth Ohio on the Silver Spring road in advance of a brigade of infantry. The had orders from General Palmer to return to camp by the Lebanon pike. With the Fourth Michigan I proceeded to Rural Hill, on the old Statesville road. About half a mile east of Rural Hill the advance guard came across a small squad of rebel cavalry, who fired and retreated at a gallop, leaving a haverssack and a cartidge box on the road. The only information that I could gain of the enemy was that Colonel Scot, with his regiment of cavalry, had been camped at Oak Grove, with a picket at Rural Hill, but they were withdrawn last night, and a rumor that Kirby Smith had moved to this (west) side of Lebanon, but fell back east of that place the day before yesterday. I returned to camp at about 7,30 this p. m. The Fourth Ohio I have not heard from since I detached them on the Silver Spring road in the morning.

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant CHAMBERLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

[20.]

DECEMBER 22, 1862-JANUARY 2, 1863.-Morgan's second Kentucky raid.

Report of Brigadier General Charles C. Gillbert, U. S. Army, commanding division, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH DIVISION AND TROOPS ON THE LOUISVILLE AND Nashville RAILROAD,Louisville, Ky., January, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The commanding officers of the post and stockades which were assailed by Morgan's force in his recent attack on the Louiville

