HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., April 2, 1864.

Honorable B. F. WADE,

Chairman Committee on Conduct of the War:

I met Major-General Sherman at Chattanooga yesterday, and he so far communicated his plans of campaign as to satisfy me that I can be absetn long enough to appear before your committee without detrminent to the service or myself. Privately I may say that it is not at all probable that the Army of the Tennessee will be in condition to move before the 1st of May next, if then. Hence, in my judgment, no better oppotunity will be present than the present moment for me to go before your committee. Besides, as all the important army commands appear to be disposed of for the ensuing campaign, I can venture to visit Washington without being charged with conspiring for any one of them. As after, it becomes necessary for me to have less care for the future than the past, so far as my professional character is concerned. In my judgment, the record connected with my command of the Army of the potomac had better be made up, no atter who may suffer from it. If you coincide with me in this opinion I request that you will have me summoned with mypapers before you, andin order that no time be lost, that it be by telegraph.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER.

Major-General, Commanding.

[32.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 18. Vicksburg, Miss., April 4, 1864.

The following awards of medals, by the board of honor, convened in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 30, series 1863, from these headquarters, have been made and are now published for the information of the command:

Sergt. Asel Childs, Company -, Fourteenth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, medadl of silver, inscribed, "Shiloh, Corinth, Vicksburg."

Sergt. Herman Runge, D Company, Fourteenth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, medal of gold, inscribed, "Shiloh, Corinth, Vicksburg."

Corpl. Moses Wynn, H Company, Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, medal of silver, inscribed, "Shiloh, Corinth, Vicksburg."

