
Captain William B. Holbrok, E Company, Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, medal of silver, inscribed,"Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

First Lieut. Charles D. beegle, G Company Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, medal of silver, inscribed,"Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Sergt. William Dawson, K Company Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, medal of silver inscribed, "Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Lieutenant Colonel William T. Clark, assistant adjutant general and chief of staff Seventeenth Army Corps, medal of gold, inscribed, "Shiloh, Siege of Corinth, Port Gibson, Raymond, Jackson, champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Surg. J. H. Boucher, medical director, Seventeenth Army Corps, medal of gold, inscribed, "Efficiency in the Medical Departmet."

Captain A. Hickenlooper, chief engineer Seventeenth Army Corps, medal of gold, inscribed,"Shiloh Siege of Corinth, Iuka, Corinth, port Gibson, RAymond, Jackson Champions' Hill, Vicksburg."

Lieut. Colonel A. M. Powell, chief of artillery, Seventeenth Army corps, medal of gold, inscribed,"Shiloh, Siege of Corinth, Iuka, Corinth, Port Gibson, Raymond, Jackson, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Powell chief of artillery, Seventeenth Army Corps, medal of gold, inscribed, "New Madrid Island 10, Siege of Corinth, Iuka, Corinth, Port Gibson, Raymond, Jackson, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Cox, chief commissary of subsistence Seventeenth Army Corps, medal of gold, inscribed, "Efficiency in the Commissary Department."

Major General James B. McPherson (presented by board of honor), medal of gold, inscribed," Fort Donelson, Shiloh, Siege of Corinth Vicksburg."

Major General John A. Logan, medal of gold, inscribed,"Belmont, Fort Henry, Fort Donelson, Siege of Corinth, Port Gibson, Raymond Jackson, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Brigadier General John E. Smith, medal of gold, inscribed, "Fort Donelson, Shiloh, Siege of Corinth Iuka, Vicksburg and Missionary Ridge."

Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, medal of gold, inscribed,"Siege of Corinth, Iuka, Corinth, RAymond, Jackson, Champion's HIll, Vicksburg, Missionary Ridge."

Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, medal of gold, inscribed, "Fort Henry, Fort DOnelson, Shiloh, Siege of Corinth, Iuka, Corinth, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg, Jackson."

Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, medla of gold, inscy, Fort Donelson, Shiloh, Siege of Corinth, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, medal of gold, inscribed,"Fort Donelson, Shiloh, Siege of Corinth, Iuka, Port Gibson, Raymond, Jackson, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg."

