
The general commanding is requested by the board to state that a large number of medals intended for the several divisions of this corps yet remain to be distributed, upon the recommendation of commanding officers, who are hereby directed to dofrward to the board the names of officers and men whom they deem entitled to waer this badge of distinction for "gallantry in action and other soldierly qualities."

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,April 5, 1864.

Captain H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Buschbeck reported Saturday morning to me verbally that he had completed the reconnaissance as ordered and found no enemy in any of the gaps leading into McLemore's Cove nor on the top of Lookout Mountain. I instructed him to make his report in writin, which is not yet done. He has been ordered to forward it at once.*

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[32.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. Tullahoma, Tenn., April 9, 1864.

By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 5, headquraters Military Division of the Mississippi, the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps are consolidated and will hereafter compose the First+ Army Corps. The official history of the Twelfth Army Corps, fromits organization to the presnt day, and particularly its action at Antietam, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg and its recent services in the Department of the Cumberland, justifies every soldier in the indulgence of a feeling of pride from his connection with it and of regret at the loss of the insignia by which the corps has been distinguished and which has become a badge of honor. This consolidation separates me from the troops with whom I have been indentified for the past eighteen months. I know, however, that the measure has been adopted solely with a view of promoting the interrests of the service ana dI would not have my personal interests or feelings, or those of my command, considered for a moment against any measure having this object in view. The credit accorded to the soldier at the presnt hour is not his true reward for the privations and hardships he is enduring, nor deos this reward depend upon the army or corps to which he may be attached. Let us bring this contest to a successful termiantion; let us restore peace and propseirty to the country; and to him who loves his country the consciousness of the fact that accomplishment of the great work will be the highest and best reward that t can be bestowed upon him. The cordial and earnest support afforded me upon all occasions by the officers of my command, and the

---------------

*See VOL. XXXII, Part I p. 654.

+Changed to the Twentieth. See Halleck to Sherman, April 6, VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 270.

---------------

