SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 115. Apri 24, 1864.

* * * *

5. The Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery will proceed without delay to Charleston, Tenn., and report for duty to Brigadier General A. P. Hovey, commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. * * *

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

R. MORROW,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps, Bull's Gap:

GENERAL: I send you by my aide, Captain Bartlett, a book containing explanation of the method of using clamps, sent by the same train, in tearing up and twisting rails. Captain Bartlett will give you any assistance in his power. A dispatch received from General Sherman this evneing indicates that he expects us to be at the Hiwassee sooner than I at first supposed. Do all youcan with Reilly's brigade to-morrow and let it march for Knoxville the day aftrer. Let Manson go far enoug (or send a detachment) to destroy the bridges above Greeneville, and then return, destroying the road as far as possible. The cavalry can go on to the Watauga and destroy the bridges, if possible. If Manson should learn that the cavalry need support to cover its retreat, he must, of course, give it; otherwise he will not delay his return longer than above indicated. I fear the time is too short to do the work very thoroughly, but do the best you can. An empty train will go up to-morrow to bring down your sick and such baggage as would impede your march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

Major-General.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO.

Knoxville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General HASCALL:

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I sent you a dispatch this morning directing you tomove with your brigade to Bull's Gap. Later information indicates that it will not be necessary for you to go so far. You will therefore halt at Morristown where I expect this dispatch to overtake you, and await further orders from me or from Brigadier-General Cox. I have just learned that my dispatch of this morning has probably not reached you, owing to the fault of the operator at Mossy Creek. If so, it is too late for you to do any good at Bull's Gap, and you may remain where you are till further orders. I fyou have marched, halt at the most convenient camping ground and inform me where you are.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. M. SCHOFIELD.

Major-General.

[32.]

---------------

*For reply, see Hascall to Schofield, VOL. XXXVII, VOL. III, p. 477.

---------------

