
II. It is therefore ordered that hereafter in every instance where a Government lesses is robbed of his property, the commanding officer of the nearest military post shall send a sufficient force to the locality, with instructions to seize from disloyal citizens property sufficient to fully indemnify the lessee, which property will be sold at public auction and the proceeds paid to the injured person. If the corps of the lessees are destroyed or in any manner injured, crops of the same kind will be seized from disloyal citizens and harvested for the benefit of the injured party. If any lessee is killed by guerrillas, an assessment of $10,000 will at once be levied upon the disloyal people residing within thirty miles of the place where the offense was committed. Property of any kind will be seized and sold for this purpose. The amount so assessed will be appropriated for the benefit of the family of the lessee. Full reports of all seizures and sales of property under this order will in all cases be forwarded direct to these headquarters.

III. In deciding upon the class of persons who are to be assessed it should not be forgotten that the oath of allegiance is not an infallible test of loyalty. If a citizen has relatives and friends among these outlaws, if he harbors or protects them, or if (having the means of doing so) he fails to inform the lessee of their approach, he must be hel accountable. Men must be judged by their acts and not by the oaths they have taken.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERES, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 133. Sugar Valley, Ga., May 13, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Newell's battery will proceed without delay to Columbia, Tenn., and report to Colonel Eli Long, commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 136. Near Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. The Twenty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteers, now at McMinnville, Tenn., is hereby assigned to the First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and will come to the front and join its brigade without unnecessary delay. The regiment will march and draw provisions from the different depots along the road.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. DWHIPPLE,

Assistantn Adjutant-General.

[38.]

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, On March, about Five Miles from McGuire's, May 17, 1864-2 p. M.

[General W. T. SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: The head of my column is within about three miles of McGuire's, where I propose to halt to-night. I have sent ahead to see

