
This is as far as the rebels came along the main stem. Next morning, just as they were about to open on Rolling Fork stockade, Colonel Harlan, with his brigade and battery, overtook them and a battle ensued, resulting in their flight. Morgan's force was mounted, and he had with him seven or eight pieces of artillery, among which were some 6-pounders, and possibly a 12-pounder howitzer. Colonel Harlan was enabled to overtake him on account of the delays occasioned by the several stockades and detachments of troops that were planted in his way. Had the resistance been more prolonged ho could have been caught by Colonel Harlan in Muldraugh's Hill and probably compromised to the expent of his heavier guns.

From first to last our casualties were small, and the several surrenders appear to have been induced more by the moral effect of the enemy's artillery than by destruction of life or the privations incident to a long siege. In the stockade as an element of defense for the railroad I still have conficence, but I ask for troops to garrison them-well seasoned soldiers. Of the stockades attacked, only two were finished. Of these, one held out five hours and required two or more changes of position before the guns brought to bear on it effected the reduction. This was the Bacon Creek stockade. The New Haven stockade withstood the attack and the garrison still holds it. Before closing this report I must be allowed to express my regret that the disposition to meet this attack on the road were not suffered to remain unchanged. The two cavalry regiments fitted out with light guns, with a special view to this service, have been called to a distant field of operations. The removal of the Thirty-third Brigade, its battery and cavalry, first to Glasgow and thence to the Cumberland River, deprived me of the means of moving complactly and rapidly on Morgan on his approach. The transfer of the Thirty-foruth Brigade and its battery from Lebanon to Columbia elicited a respectful protest from me at the time. That brigade resumed its place in time to protect Lebanon, but not in time to support Rolling Fork bridge and the trestles. In future, should the demands for forces be supplied by drafts on the railroad guards, the like result must follow. It is for my immediate superiors to decide where the sacrifice is to be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. GILBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers,

Commanding 10th Div. and Troops on Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of West Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

[20.]

Report of Brigadier General Mahlon D. Manson, U. S. Army, of operations

December 26.

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCE

Bowling Green, Ky., December 27, 1862-11,30 a. m.

SIR: The rebels to the number of 5,000 or 6,000 attacked our forces on the north side of Green River, near Munfordville, on yesterday, and were repulsed three times. They attacked the stockade at Bacon Creek and captured it, burning the bridge and tearing up the track for two miles. They also captrured 1 captain and 1 lieutenant of the Second

