
Kenesaw Mountain as they could go, and a good deal of artillery practice, nothing of importance has occurred in my front. I will add that it is my judgment the enemy have some artillery with fixed ammunition on the mountain in my front; in fact, I am almost postive of the fact.

Very respectfully,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

[38.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 22, 1864 - 11.45 p. M.

Major-General SHERMAN,Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a report from Colonel Minty, commanding brigade of cavalry.* I have directed Harrow's and Sweeny's divisions, now in reserve, to be ready to move at a moment's notice to the support of the right, and have notified the corps commanders to have their troops well in hand and ready for active operations in the morning. The artillery firing, which has just taken place, is from the western part of Kenesaw Mountain, and apparently in the direction of Palmer's corps. I will be up to see you early in the morning unless detained here by something important.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERESON,

Major-General.

[38.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 23, 1864 - 10 p. M.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have not yet received the official reports from Major-General Blair and Brigadier-General Garrard concerning the reconnaissance made from their respective fronts to-day, but one of my staff officers, who was with General Leggett's division, reports as follows: The division moved out from its position on Brushy Mountain in a southerly direction about one mile and a quarter until they reached the Bell's Ferry road leading to Marietta; followed this for a quarter of a mile, when they came in sight of the rebel works, apparently strong rifle-pits, distant about half a mile. No opposition, except a little skirmishing, was met with. At this point the battery accompanying the division opened on the rebel lines, and also in the direction of the southeast base of Kenesaw Mountain, without calling forth a reply in artillery from the enemy. At this point firing was heard to the left and rear, and a bridge was faced in that direction with a section of artillery to operate on the flank of the rebel cavalry, which, it appears, attacked General Garrard's advance. This demonstration had the effect of causing enemy's cavalry to fall back to the south and east. They appeared to be operating along the Canton and Marietta road. Whether the rifle-pits of the enemy were strongly manned, or whether our troops were in sight of the main line of the enemy'sintrenchments, I cannot say until I receive official reports of General Leggett and Garrard. The

---------------

*See VOL. XXXVIII, Part II, p.820.

---------------

