HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Browing's Court-House, Four Miles and a half from Stone Mountain, Two Miles from Railroad, July 18, 1864 - 2 p. M.

[General W. T. SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: General Garrard struck the railroad about one hour ago, and has five regiments at work tearing it up. I have sent Morgan, L. Smith with Lightburn's brigade to assist, and think by 5 p. M. to have three or four miles torn up. We have met with comparatively little resistance so far; nothing but cavalry, though there is a report of an infantry force about four miles distant. There is no water here, and I propose to camp my force to-night as follows: Logan's command at Henderson's Mill, Blair's at Blake's Mill, Dodge's at North Branch of Peach Tree Creek, about two miles south of Widow Rainer's. This scatters my command somewhat, but I cannot do better to-night. My headquarters will be at Blake's Mill.* See sketch inclosed.+

Yours, &amp;c.,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

[38.]

THREEMILES FROM ATLANTA, July 20, 1864 - 3 p. M.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The Fifteenth Corps is advancing on the main road, which follows the railroad substantially. Blair is moving on a road and through the fields parallel with the railroad and about one mile south. The enemy with four guns occupy a hastily fortified position on a hill between Blair and Logan. I am now getting guns in position, and shall endeavor to drive them out. Our skirmish line is about half a mile in advance of the point where I am writing, and I think the rebels have breast-works about 800 yards in advance of our skirmish line. If we cans oon dislodge the enemy from the hill, I will press my whole line forward and ascertain the exact state of affairs.

Yours, respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

[38.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, No. 167. Barrancas, July 20, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. The following troops will be in readiness to march to-morrow at 10 a. M. and from column between the camps of the Eighty-second and Eighty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry Regiments in the order designated below: Four companies Seventh Vermont Veteran Infantry; eight companies Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry; six companies Eighty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry; First Florida Battery; four companies First Florida Cavalry; wagon train, each wagon guarded by a corporal and eight men; two companies Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry; Company M, fourteenth New York Cavalry. Colonel Holbrook will take command of the troops of his brigade and Colonel Kielmansegge, of his regiment, the First Florida Battery, and Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry. The troops will take eight days' rations, two days'

---------------

*This in reply to Sherman, VOL. XXXVIII, Part V, p.175.

+Not found.

---------------

