
Michigan Cavalry and 26 men from Munfordville, who had been sent to Bacon Creek to reconnoiter. I cannot say with certainty where the rebels are. The opinion is they gone north. Colonel Harlan, with the Second Brigade, First Division, went forward from here this morning on the cars to Cave City and Munfordville. He had six pieces of artillery and about 3,000 infantry. I have no information from Glasgow. The scouts which I sent out two days ago I have no doubt have been captured. If you move upon Glasgow let me know, so that I can post our friends at the junction and Cave City. I do not believe that the rebels are so strong as reported. Colonel Hobson, commanding post at Munfordville, informs me that the enemy has eight pieces of artillery. The wires are working well from here to Nashville and Munfordville, and the railroad track was in good order at 3 this a. m. to Munfordville. Since writing the above I have been informed that wires are down between this and Munfordville. Will soon ascertain the cause.

Respectfully, yours,

M. D. MANSON,

Commanding Post.

Brigadier General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Scottsville, Ky.

[20.]

DECEMBER 26, 1862-JANUARY 5, 1863.-The Stone's River or Murfreesborough (Tenn.) campaign.

Report of Captain William H. Sqwuires, Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 31, 1862.*
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In Field, January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following part taken by the Twenty sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the action of the 31st December, 1862.

On the morning of 31st, after placed in position near the railroad, the regiment was ordered to the front near the turnpike, where the enemy were making a fierce attack on our forces. The regiment was thrown forward as a support to the Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteeer Infantry, which, being too hotly pressed, fell back, thus throwing the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the front. While in this position the enemy made district attacks on this portion of our lines and were gallantly repulsed by the men. At the close of the third attack I was ordered to withdraw my regiment to the railroad for the purpose of refilling the cartidge-boxes of the men. The regiment was then ordered forward to the support of the battery on the left of the One hundredth Illinois Volunteers, and shortly afterward was ordered to report to Colonel Wagner, commanding Twenty-first Brigade, and was by him placed as a support to portions of two regiments engaged in preventing the enemy form crossing the creek. The regiment held this position until the clole of the day, and was then thrown forward some distance and a heavy picket thrown forward. The casualties of this day amount to 1 commissioned officer killed, 2 commissioned officers wounded, 7 enlisted men killed, and 64 wounded. The conduct of the men and officers of the regiment was excellent, and

---------------

* See also VOL. XX, Part I, p. 490.

---------------

