
cooked rations in their haversacks and six in the wagons, and will be provided with eighty rounds of ammunition per man, forty in the cartridge-box, and forty in the wagons. The allowance of wagons will be as follows: District headquarters,1; brigade headquarters, 1; Seventh Vermont Veteran Infantry,1; Eighty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry,2; Eighty-sixth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry,1; First Florida Battery,1; First Florida Cavalry,1; Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry,1. Each wagon will take 10 spades, 15 axes, and 2 crowbars and wedges. Lieutenant Boland, Eighty-sixth U. S. Colored Infatry, will act as quartermaster and commissary of the expedition.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

SAML. T. BUELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[35.]
HDQRS. THIRD BATTLN., FIRST ALABAMA CAV. VOLS., Rome, ga., July 22, 1864.

Lieutenant F. W. TUPPER,Adjutant:

ADJUTANT: In obedience to orders from colonel commanding I left camp about 11 o'clock with my battalion to go to the relief of a foraging party on the Summerville road. I overtook them sixteen miles out. I found all safe; saw no enemy; heard of none. I found the teams and infantry in charge of Captain Wickstrum, Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry, badly scattered. I remained there until about sundown, when I succeeded in getting them all together. I started into camp, reaching here about 2 a. M. the 22nd instant. The wheat the foraging party obtained was all spoiled.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. TRAMEL,

Major, First Alabama Cavalry, Commanding.

[38.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 202. Near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Colonel A. G. Brackett, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, having reported at these headquarteres as acting inspector-general of cavalry, in accordance with orderes from the War Department, will without delay enter upon his duties as such and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Colonel Brackett will establish his permanent office in Chattanooga, but will spend as much of his time with the cavalry serving with the army in the field as his duties to the remainder will admit.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 205. Near Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

I. The Second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry is hereby transferred from the First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps,

