
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., No. 79. August 11, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

IX. The First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, is hereby discontinued, and the regiments composing the division will be assigned to the Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps.

X. The Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, is hereby reorganized as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier-General Cooper commanding: Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Battery, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, Third Tennessee Infantry, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.

Second Brigade, colonel Bond commanding: One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry, One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry, Eigthieth Indiana Infantry.

Third Brigade, Colonel Strickland commanding: Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, Battery F (First Michgian Light Artillery), Nineteenth Ohio Battery, Twenty-second Indiana Battery.

XI. The Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, is hereby organized as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier General J. W. Reilly commanding: One hundredth Ohio Infantry, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, Eleventh Kentucky Infantry, Eighth Tennessee Infantry.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. S. Casement commanding: One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, twenty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, Sixty-fifth Indiana Infantry, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry.

Third Brigade, colonel Henderson commanding: One hundred and twelfth Illinois Infantry, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, One hundred and twentieth Indiana Infantry, One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Infantry, Fifth Tennessee Infantry, Battery D (First Ohio Light Artillery), Fifteenth Indiana Battery, Twenty-third Indiana Battery.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

U. S. STEAMER BROOKLYN, August 12, 1864.

Major F. W. MARSTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Military Division of West Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward to you herewith a copy of all official messages sent and received by me during the seven days, commencing August 5 and ending August 11, 1864. Nos. I, iI, III, IV, V, and VI were sent and received while under fire of the rebel Fort Morgan, gun-boats Morgan, Gaines, Selma, and the iron-clad Tennessee.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERNEEST A. DENICKE,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

