
that 500 wagons may be loaded within two miles. He also reports the capture of 1 man and 12 musets. He also sent a force to within a short distance of Middelton, the information being about the same as reported. I inclose a sketch of the route and road, steams, &amp;c. In the absence by sickness of my topographical engineer, the work was kindly performed by Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin, commanding Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteers. I refrain from giving the information fornished me by Mr. Byers, as he has been promptly sent to headquarters.

I am, your obedient servant,

B. F. SCRIBNER,

Colonel 38th Indiana Vols., Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Center.

Captain M. C. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]

Report of Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,January 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade in the late scout, from the morning of the 13th to the evening of the 15th of January, 1863:

We started from camp a little after 12 a. m., for the purpose of joing Colonel Wagner, who was in command of the expedition, and started from the railroad depot (in Murfreesborough) about 4 o'clock. My force consisted of about 300 of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry and 350 of the Second East Tennessee Cavalry, making an aggregate of some 650, rank and rifle. The first night we encamped near Nolensville, making this point via Lizzard's and Lane's Store. We saw nothing of the enemy, but gained some information of their whereabouts, which was turned over to Colonel Wagner. The second day we marched to Eagleville. Hearing that some of Wheeler's couriers were at this place, I gave orders for two of my companies to charge into town, which they did, capturing some ten or twelve of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Ray, who led the cahrge, had his horse shot under him by one of the rebels, who was stationed in a house occupied by Squire Williams. We went from Eagleville to Versailles, where we encamped for the night near Colonel Beatty's command. The next morning Colonel Wagner gave me instructions to act as rear guard as far as Salem, which I did, and from that point came direct into camp, leaving infantry command in the rear. During this scout I sent a company, by order of Colonel Wagner, to destroy a mill owned, I believe, by a Mr. Webb, who I ascertained had a large amount of grain on hand of the use of the Confederate army and had been using his mill supplying the wants of the rebels. My command also captured twenty-four horses, which were principally turned over to me whose horses had given out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELMER OTIS,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade.

Lieutenant M. B. CHAMBERLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

[20.]

