
requesting as speedy an assignment to duty as possible. My anxiety for employment influences me to repeat the request in the most earnest manner. I decided to await your orderes here, to spare you any embarrassment which my personal application might give you, as well as to save myself the mortification incident to a failure in that case to obtain a suitable command in the field. While I can but feel that I have been hardly dealt with, I can find no fault with yourself believing as I do that your action in my case was influenced solely by considerations for the good of the service. Indeed, any other supposition would be inconsistent with the uniform courtesy and kindness which you have previously extended to me. Trusting that you may be able to meet my wishes without serious delay, by an early assignment to duty, either in your department, or through General Sherman in the division, I am very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

[38.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Resaca, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Colonel F. C. DEIMLING,Tenth Missoui Volunteer Infantry:

COLONEL: Your term of service having expired, you are about to return to Missouri with your regiment to be mustered out. I cannot allow the occasion of our parting to pass without expressing my regret that you and the gallant officers and men of your command are leaving the service and thus breaking up the pleasant relation that has subsisted between us so long. Your term of service has been long and arduous. Among the first to fly to the defense of the country, you have manifested the earnestness of your purpose by remaining to the end. The history of your regiment is most glorious. Corinth, Iuka, Raymond, Jackson, Champion's Hill, Vicksburg, and Mission Ridge are names which will live while the memory of men cherishes the recollection of glorious deeds. In all of these you and your regiment have borne a conspicuous and noble part. It can be truly said that the old Tenth Missouri never turned her back to the enemy. Three hundred and seventy-six of her noble sons fallen upon so many hard-fought fields attest the indomitable courage and endurance of that gallant regiment. Sir, I cherish they very name of the Tenth Missouri. I have fought by its side; I have fallen wounded into its arms, and ever felt it was invcincible. You are about to leave us. I wish you to convey to your officers and men the best wishes of my heart. Tell them that they have won imperishable renown. Tell them that the marches they have made, the privations they have endured, the battles they have fought, the honorable scars they have received, have contributed to the preservation of free government to the world. Tell them that their deeds will be held in sacred memory by a grateful people. Tell them, too, when they return to the private walks of life, to cherish with jealousy the good name they have won. I trust that all of you will safely return to your homes, and that peace, prosperity, and happiness will attend you through life. Remember that when a man of the Tenth Missouri meets me I am his friend.

Truly, yours,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Colonel, commanding Brigade.

[38.]

38 R R-VOL LII, PT I

