HDQRS.14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,Commanding Army and Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Johnson, who is still upon the extreme right with Schofield, directs me to state to you his entire front, extending over two miles and a half, is now held by three brigades only, the remaining brigades having been drawn out of line last night under the orders of General Schofield and sent to the extreme right as a support to the cavalry. This renders his line so extremely weak and attenuated that he deems it unsafe to attempt to move it forward, unless he can send back troops to strengthen his left. This he hopes to do this afternoon. If so, he will notify you, and will cheerfully co-operate with you in your movement.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

NEAR ALTANTA, GA., August 23, 1864.

(Received 6.40 p. M.)

COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE:

We have used in the last ninety days almost 20,000,000 rations drawn from the depot at Nashville. It is greatly that we get 10,000,000 rations ahead at Nashville if possible. This army cannot be said to be without provisions. At the end of fifty days we will have used one-half of the rations now asked for. The depot at Nashville has nothing at present. We have used a very large amount of fresh meat in this campaign, but it is getting, too, very unsafe to drive cattle such a distance through the enemy's country. Our only security lies in salt meat. I think at least 15,000,000 rations of salt meat should be ordered. The army before Atlanta does not use [as] many of our supplies as the various garrisons, camps, hospitals, employes, &amp;c., everywhere between the Ohio and Cahttahoochee River, including East Tennessee. Will write.

A. BECKWITH,

Colonel and Chief Commissary of Subistence.

[38.]

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 107. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 23, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Major John Hough, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported in accordance with Special Orders, No. 251, Extract 38, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, July 27, 1864, is hereby assigned to duty with and will report to Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

