
FORT CASWELL, January 13, 1861.

Colonel JOHN L. CANTWELL:

SIR: Your communication, with copy of the order of Governor John w. Ellis, captain-general and commander-in-chief of North Carolina, demanding the surrender of this post, has been received. In reply, I have to inform you that we as North Carolinas will obey his command.

This post will be evacuated to-morrow at 9 a. m.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN J. HEDRICK,

Major and Commandant.

[1.]

JANUARY 15, 1861.

Governor JOHN W. ELLIS,

Captain-General and Commadner-in-Chief, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Herewith please find copy of order issued in conformity to instructions of the 1th instant, as also the reply of Major J. J. Hedrick to the same.* From the information I have been able to obtain it appears that Fort Caswell was occupied by citizens of this State in consequence of a report that Federal troops had been ordered to that point. It appears also that the U. s. sergeant in charge remained in the post and that he was under no restraint. Captain Thruston desires me to state that his company (the Smithville Guards) did not as a company occupy the fort, but that members of said company did as citizens accompany him. Sergeant Dardingkiller says that he has received good treatment, has not been subject to any restraint, and the none of the Government property in or about the fort has been injured or destroyed. These I believed are the facts of the case.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. L. CANTWELL,

[1.] Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth North Carolina Militia.

[WASHINGTON, D. C., January 16, 1861.]

Honorable F. W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

Hayne is here-at Willard's Hotel. He saw and conversed with the President yesterday. Kindly received, but nothing definite. Virginia, I think, will go out by 20th of February.

J. M. MASON.

[1.]

WASHINGTON, January 16, 1861.

LEWIS E. HARVIE,

Richmond, Va.:

In Senate to-day all Crittenden's resolutions stricken out and substitute adopted refusing any amendment to Constitution. Substitute sent by mail to Carson in the Senate.

J. M. MASON.

[2.]

---------------

* See p. 5; also, the next, ante.

---------------

