
FEBRUARY 17, 1863.-Expedition from Memphis, Tenn., against guerrillas.

Report of Major John J. Mudd, Second Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., February 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition sent from this command under charge of Major Mudd, commanding Second Illinois Cavalry, against the camp of Blyth's rebel cavalry. Major Mudd and his command deserve great credit for their conduct in driving the enemy form his hiding place, destroying his camp, and capturing prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Briagadier-General.

Captain Henry BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Memphis, February 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the safe arrival of my entire command at 9 o'clock this eventing. I moved in concert with Colonel Starring, of Seventy-second Illinois, and found enemy's pickets about fourhteen miles out, and afterward were constantly annoyed by the bushwhackers, who lost no opportunity of firing on us from beyond fences and ravines; but fortunately we suffered no loss. Owing to delay at a small bridge beyond Horn Creek we did not reach Major Blythe's camp until Tuesday morning. We found it deserted, and after burning the few sheds remaining and the camp and garrsion equipage we found the rebel forces advancing. On our approach they fled in great haste and confusion. We pursued about three miles, capturing 12 prisoners, 20 or 30 guns, some horses, and a lot of regimental and company papers, part of which I send you, and the ramainder are in possession of Lieutenant White, aide-de-camp to General Quinby. Among the prisoners is Lieutenant Smith, of Captain Matthews' company. I have never before met as bold and daring bushwhackers. I do not believe they can be driven out without quartering troops in the neighborhood, which course I wound suggest. The nighbors are nearly all connected with the troops. They are wealthy, and have meat enough this side of Coldwater to supply a large army for a long time. If we don't eat it the rebels will. They have also forage in abundance. If a force were quartered amongst them, and the bridges on Coldwater destroyed, a large contraband trade would be broken up and our flanks be protected and the guerrillas would not be so plenty in this city.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN J. MUDD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

