
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 108. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

* * * * * *

XIII. Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Powell, First Missouri Light Artillery, is relieved from duty at the headquarters of his regiment at Saint Louis, Mo., and will forthwith report to Major General F. P. Blair, for assignment to duty as chief of artillery Seventeenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

CINCINNATI, August 27, 1864.

Colonel A. E. SHIRAS,

Assistant Commissary-General of Subsistence:

Letters of the 24th received. Beckwith reports 13th instant that he feeds daily south of the Ohio 300,000 individuals. One-half of these are probably citizens and not entitled to rations. I fear our troops must suffer and possibly be obliged to fall back if such persons are fed. Humanity might require that fresh beef and flour in limited amount be given, but no other part of the ration. The West is being rapidly exhausted of salt meats. They are very scarce, and mostly held out of market. General Eaton has been here. He ordered 5,000 barrels of pork here from New York. He also directed that corned beef twice per week and salt fish once per week be issued to troops north of the Ohio. If fresh beef is issued four times per week no pork or bacon would be used. General Eaton is now, I believe, in Saint Louis. After his arrival there he goes to Louisville. He as well as all Western commissaries is aware of the great emergency, but something should be done at once to cut off full supplies to persons not entitled to them, otherwise we will son have nothing for the fighting troops. I will meet General Eaton again in Louisville. If Beckwith can come up the general will probably have him come also to Louisville.

C. L. KILBURN,

Colonel and Assistant Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[39.]

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, August 27, 1864.

[Major F. W. MARSTON:]

SIR: I have the honor to make herewith my report of messages sent and received by me at this station from August 18 to 27, inclusive:

FORT GAINES, August 19--2 p. m.

General GRANGER:

I am ready, but have no pilot.

D. C. BOWDEN,

Captain, Alabama.

FLAG-SHIP--2 p. m.

Lieutenant SIZER:

Proceed immediately with your men to the ram Tennessee. Lieutenant Hallett will take charge of that station.

MARSTON,

Major.

