
APRIL 9, 1863.-Skirmish at Pascaguola, Miss.

Report of Colonel Nantan W. Daniels, Second Louisiana Native Guards.
HEADQUARTERS,Ship Island, Miss., April 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I embarked with a detachment of 180 men of my regiment on U. S. transport General Banks, and yesterday at 9 a. m. made an attack upon Pascagoula, Miss. Landed my force, took possession of the place, and hoisted the American colors upon the hotel. I immediately thereafter was attacked by the Confederate cavalry, some 300 strong, and one company of infantry. Repulsed them after a severe fight, killing 20 or more, and wounding a large number, capturing 3 prisoners and the Confederate colors. Held the town until 2 p. m., frequent skirmishes occurring meanwhile, when I withdrew my forces to the boat, learning that large re-enforcements had arrival from the camp up the Pascaguola River. Loss in battle, 2 killed and 5 slightly wounded. In covering the return of the troops to the transport, the U. S. gun-boat Jackson, which accompanied the expedition under orders not to take part in the attack, supposing we were repulsed, undortunately threw a shell directly into the column moving out the wharf, killing 4 men and seriously wounding 5 of my force. The expedition otherwise was a perfect success, as the enemy were in every attack repulsed, a large number killed and wounded; prisoners and their Confederate colors captured with the sloght loss of two men. The expedition has also materrialy changed the plans of the Mobile forces, as they were about sending the weight of their numbers to Charleston, S. C., this attack causing them to send heavy re-enforcements toward Pascagoula. I forward this dispatch in great haste by transport General Banks, which leaves immediately, and will send report of details by next opportunity.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. W. DANIELS,

Colonel 2nd Regiment Louisiana Native Guards, A. D., Commanding Post

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Defenses, New Orleans, La.

[15.]

MAY 6, 1863.-Skirmish near Bruinsburg Landing, Miss.

Report of Colonel George B. Boomer, Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SEVENTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Big Black, Miss., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival of my train of three wagons sent to Bruinsburg Landing night last, to bring the brigade property then remaining there, under charge of First Lieutenant W. G. McElrea, Company A, Fifth Iowa Infantry:

The train left the landing early on the morning of the 6th with a guard of the corporal and twelve men from the several regiments of the brigade. Soon after leaving Lieutenant McElrea learned of the capture of a picket at the landing the night previous, and on arriving

