
can join freely in the general joy, "Atlanta is ours, and fairly won." From tables hereto annexed you will please find statements that exhibit somewhat more specifically the kind and amount of work transacted at this depot.* They have been compiled somewhat hastily, and are, of course, incomplete, but from the few facts thus collected you will be able to gather a tolerable idea of the work performed here and its average cost.

I cannot conclude this report without calling your attention to the following-named officers on duty at this depot, to whom I feel largely indebted for the efficiency and success attending my operations: To Captain James F. Rusling, assistant quartermaster volunteers, on duty in my office as chief assistant quartermaster, for faithfulness and energy and for unwearied attention to the multifarious business necessarily centering here, thus leaving my own mind free for the more general operations of the department; to Captain Charles H. Irvin, assistant quartermaster volunteers, in charge of animals, means of transportation, &amp;c., for great ability and for signal services in a variety of ways; to Captain Charles T. Wing, assistant quartermaster volunteers, general disbursing officer quartermaster's department, for fine business capacity and for undoubted integrity and zeal; to Captain S. B. Brown, assistant quartermaster volunteers, in charge of railroad transportation, for indefatigable energy and industry; to Captain J. F. Isom, Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, post quartermaster, for vigor and energy unsurpassed in the discharge of the many details devolving upon him; to Lieutenant S. H. Stevens, Chicago Board of Trade Battery, and acting assistant quartermaster, in charge of depot and river transportation, for solid hard work and for unwearied devotion to the duties committed to his hands. These last two officers were long since recommended by me for appointment as assistant quartermasters of volunteers with the rank of captain, and it will be a matter of regret if they are not promoted, as otherwise I shall soon lose them both by expiration of term of service.

In conclusion, general, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Dept. of the Cumberland.

[31, 32, 38.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 256. Atlanta, Ga., September 16, 1864.

* * * * * *

XIV. Major James R. Willett, First U. S. Veteran Volunteer Engineers, is hereby appointed chief inspector of railroad defenses in the Department of the Cumberland, on the staff of the major-general commanding. In the different districts of the department he will act in accordance with the wishes of the district commanders, making to them such periodical reports as they may call for. He will receive professional orders and instructions from the chief engineer of the department, and report regularly through him to the major-general commanding.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

