
cable have already gone forward, and the other preparations commenced. The barge now in Mobile Bay, and used in laying the cable between Forts Gaines and Morgan, will have to be put on the ways to be caulked and undergo some changes, and the commanding general desires that you have her sent back at once, in order that this may be done in season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

ATLANTA, GA., September 21, 1864--12 m.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Lieutenant-Colonel Porter, of General Grant's staff, is here and will start in the morning for City Point. I will send by him and one of my aides all my reports of the campaign, which will, I know, interest you very much. Your dispatch about mares will be repeated to Generals Thomas and Schofield, and also to General R. W. Johnson, chief of cavalry, at Nashville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[39.]

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., September 21, 1864.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions of August 27, 1864, I have the honor to report as follows concerning the organization and condition of the forces of the quartermaster's department now enrolled for military duty here: So long ago as early as May last, when General Sherman advanced from Chattanooga, I conceived of the propriety of organizing of organizing and arming the employes of my department to be used as a depot guard in case of an emergency. Greedy of troops because well aware of the immense advantages of superior numbers, General Sherman almost stripped Nashville and all points this side of the Tennessee before moving of every serviceable man in order to swell his effective strength. The garrison of Nashville was thus reduced to a force quite inadequate for its defense, and in view of the great interests here at stake we had serious cause for reflection as to what would be the result in case the rebel cavalry should prove at all bold or enterprising. I submitted the matter to the post and district commanders, who heartily approved of the protect, and also to Major-Generals Thomas and Sherman, who telegraphed me to go ahead as rapidly as possible and written orders would be duly sent me. Such orders were sent me by Major-General Thomas under date of May 20 (see copy herewith marked A), but I had already perfected my arrangements and ordered the organization contemplated, under date of May 17, as you will see by General Orders, Numbers 17, from this office, a copy of which is hereto attached, marked B, and several other copies herewith inclosed as heretofore requested by you. In virtue of this order a fair organization was soon had among such employes as were fit for service and could be spared from the work actually necessary at all hours. Room was left for all other employes

