
C.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 111. Nashville, Tenn., August 31, 1864.

I. Officers of the quartermaster's department will parade their employes fit for military duty and march them to the plain to the left of the Cumberland Hospital for review at 4 p. m. to-day. Officers should reach there punctually at that hour in order not to consume time. They will parade not only all that are now armed and equipped, but also all that it is their intention to arm and equip.

II. Arrived on the parade ground, t he forces will assume the following position: Captain C. H. Irvin, assistant quartermaster, with his command will assume the right of the line, right resting on Broad street or Granny White pike; Captain John C. Crane, assistant quartermaster, with his command will take position on Captain Irvin's left; Lieutenant S. H. Stevens, acting assistant quartermaster, on Captain Crane's left; Captains Hibbard, Wainwright, Wills, and James will report their commands to Captain Thomas J. Cox, assistant quartermaster, who with his own and their commands will take position on Lieutenant Stevens' left; Captain John F. Isom, acting assistant quartermaster, will take position with his command on the extreme left. The line as thus formed will be invariably observed on all future parades and on all service on which the quartermaster's forces may hereafter be ordered until further orders.

III. Captains Wing, Rusling, and Mills will report in person to the chief quartermaster for orders at 3.30 p. m.

By order of Colonel J. L. Donaldson:

JAS. F. RUSLING,Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

D.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 112. Nashville, Tenn., September 1, 1864.

I. Officers of the quartermaster's department will at once proceed to arm and equip their employes fit for military duty, and will provide themselves with fifty rounds of ammunition per man, not to be issued, however, until further orders. If necessary all work will be suspended and the entire day spent in this duty. The most prompt attention to this order is enjoined.

By order of Colonel J. L. Donaldson:

JAS. F. RUSLING,Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

E.

SPECIAL ORDERS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 112. Nashville, Tenn., September 1, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. A second review of the forces of the quartermaster's department will be had to-day at 4 p. m., on Broad street or Granny White pike, on the slope beyond the Tennessee Barracks, right resting on Granny White pike, facing east. Officers will make extra exertions to have their forces

