
fully armed and equipped, and will be especially careful to be on the ground promptly at the hour indicated.

III. Hereafter the different commands, as heretofore announced, will be known respectively as the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments, Quartermaster's Department. Each officer will at once provide his command with one national color and one regimental color, two camp colors, and as many drums and fifes as he may be able to secure musicians from his employes, not exceeding the regulation allowance for a regiment.

By order of Colonel J. L. Donaldson:

JAS. F. RUSLING,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

F.

SPECIAL ORDERS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 114. Nashville, Tenn., September 3, 1864.

Until the organization provided for by General Orders, Numbers 17, from this office, current series, ins completed, and the reports called for in Special Orders, Numbers 113, from this office, current series, are rendered, the following is announced as the organization of the military force of the quartermaster's department; Captain Charles H. Irvin, assistant quartermaster, colonel First Regiment, Quartermaster's Department (composed of his own employes); Mr. J. C. Peterson, lieutenant-colonel First Regiment, Quartermaster's Department; Captain John C. Crane, assistant quartermaster, colonel Second Regiment, Quartermaster's Department (composed of his own employes); Captain George Isenstein, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers and acting assistant quartermaster, lieutenant-colonel Second Regiment, Quartermaster's Department; Lieutenant S. H. Stevens, Chicago Board of Trade Battery and acting assistant quartermaster, colonel Third Regiment, Quartermaster's Department (composed of his own employes); Mr. W. H. Taylor, lieutenant-colonel Third Regiment, Quartermaster's Department; Captain T. J. Cox, assistant quartermaster, colonel Fourth Regiment, Quartermaster's Department (composed of his own and Captains Hibbard's, Wainwright's, Wills', and James' employes); Captain W. A. Wainwright, assistant quartermaster, lieutenant-colonel Fourth Regiment, Quartermaster's Department; Captain John F. Isom, Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers and acting assistant quartermaster, colonel Fifth Regiment, Quartermaster's Department (composed of his own employes); Mr. Z. P. Clarke, lieutenant-colonel Fifth Regiment, Quartermaster's Department.

The following officers are announced as the staff of the colonel commanding and will be respected accordingly: Captain James F. Rusling, assistant quartermaster, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain George B. Hibbard, assistant quartermaster, chief quartermaster; Captain John H. James, assistant quartermaster, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain S. B. Brown, assistant quartermaster, aide-de-camp; Captain W. Mills, Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers and acting assistant quartermaster, aide-de-camp; Captain A. W. Wills, assistant quartermaster, aide-de-camp; Captain Charles T. Wing, assistant quartermaster, aide-de-camp.

By order of Colonel J. L. Donaldson, chief quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland, commanding brigade of quartermaster's department:

JAS. F. RUSLING,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster and Asst. Adjt. General

