
G.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 116. Nashville, Tenn., September 16, 1864.

I. The undersigned takes pleasure in announcing to the forces of the quartermaster's department the following extract from a letter from Bvt. Major General M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, relating to the brigade of quartermaster's forces at Nashville, Tenn.:

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 3, 1864.

* * * * *

The Quartermaster-General has been gratified to hear of the promptness and efficiency with which the forces of the quartermaster's department at Nashville, Tenn., turned out for the defense of that depot during the recent raid of the rebel General Wheeler, and while he hopes the enemy will never come near enough to Nashville to make it necessary to put them in the trenches, the Government in the late attack on Washington has had an example of the good service which such an organization can do in case of need.

* * * * * *

The colonel commanding further embraces the occasion to add to the above his own commendation and thanks for the vigor and alacrity exhibited by all, both officers and men.

J. L. DONALDSON,Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Dept. of the Cumberland,

Commanding Brigade.

H.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 115. Nashville, Tenn., September 15, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Hereafter, until further orders, the forces of the quartermaster's department will be reviewed every Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock on the ground to the rear of the Tennessee Barracks used for the last review. The lines will be formed as heretofore ordered, and officers are again enjoined to greater promptness in getting their commands on the ground. An attempt will be made on Sunday next to march the command in review, and to this and the attention of offices is called to paragraphs 353 to 374, inclusive, Revised U. S. Army Regulations, 1863.

By order of Colonel J. L. Donaldson:

JAS. F. RUSLING,Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff.

I.

Report of organization and effective strength of forces of quartermaster's department at Nashville, Tenn., armed and equipped for military duty September 14, 1864.

Colonel J. L. Donaldson, chief quartermaster Department of the Cumberland, commanding division Quartermaster's Forces; Captain James F. Rusling, assistant quartermaster volunteers, colonel Third Regiment, detailed as assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain George B. Hibbard, assistant quartermaster volunteers, chief quartermaster; Captain John H. James, assistant quartermaster volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain S. B. Brown, assistant quartermaster

