
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 121. Decatur, Ga., September 25, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. To establish uniformity in the proportions of the badge of the corps the following rule in regard to the same is published to the command: The badge of the Twenty-third Corps is an escutcheon in ofmr of the heraldic shield, all of whose proportions are determined by the width, as follows: The sides of the shield are straight from the top for the distance of one-fourth of width of the shield. Each curved side is struck with the center at the lower point of the straight part of the opposite side and with a radius equal to the width of the shield, the length of the shield being determined by the intersection of the circular curves so struck. The smaller curves at the top of the shield are struck witha radius equal to one-half the width of the sheild. The badge to be worn by the enlisted men will be an inch and a quarter in width, and for the divisiosn now in the field will be made of white cloth for the Second Division and blue for the Third Division, from material procured by Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Boyd, chief quartermaster, under Special Field Orders, Numbers 19, current series, from ehsese headquarters. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd will cause the badges to be cut and distrubuted to the command. The flags of the corps are as follows: For corps heaquarters, a blue glag with a shield in the center, o fthe form above prescribed; the body of the shield divided into three panels, one panel at each principal angle of the shield; the upper left-hand panel red, the upper right-hand panel white, the lower panel blue, the whole surreounded by a golden outline one-twelfth as wide as the shield. For headquarters Second Division, the whole of the interior of the shield white, otherwise the same as the corps flag. For headquarters Third Division, the whole of the interior of thge shield blue, otherwisd the same as the corps flag. For brigade headquarters, a flag similar to the division flag, but with smaller shield salong the inner margin corresponding in numbe rto the numbe rof the brigbade, the artillery will wear the badge of the division two hcih the different batteries are respectively attached.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ALABAMA CAVALRY,Near Rome, Ga., September 25, 1864.

Captain A. W. EDWARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Rome, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: The scout from this regiment that went up the Summerville road has returned. They went as far as Dirt Town. The officers report that last Monday 300 of the enemy passed through there going toward Summerville. That is the last that have been seen in that vicinity, except eleven of Gatewood's men, who were there last night robbing the citizens indiscriminately. Nothing from the scout on the Alabama road.

Yours, respectfully,

G. L. GODFREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[39.]

