
to reorganize, and the enemy were advancing from their works upon us. Este's brigade, in two lines, with bayonets fixed, led by yourself and him, advanced without wavering under a deadly fire, drove the enemy back into their works, continued onward and dragged them out of the intrenchments or left them slain with the bayonet. Had Este's brigade failed to carry the work, it is my opinion that a repulse along the whole line of the Fourteenth Corps would have been the result. Striking the enemy at the angle in their works, and seeping with their fire the face assaulted by Morgan's division, the difficulties and dangers of his assault were greatly reduced and some points entirely overcome. By the confession of the enemy many of their men were killed with the bayonet in their own breast-works by the Tenth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Hays commanding. I presume other regiments made use of the same weapon of the brave with equal effect. There was an orderly with Colonel Este, a youthof about seventeen, whose gallantry and reckless daring attracted my attention. Under the heaviest fire, when men were falling around him, he kept his saber waving over his head, and darting form one point to another whenever symptoms of yielding were apparent. I regret that I do not know his name, but as you and Colonel este do I shall expect to hear of his promotion. In my offical report I recommended Colonel Este for promotion and would have a recommended yourself if you had been my junior. But as commander of a divsiion receiving support from yours I wish to give my heartfelt thanks for the very efficient, timely, and unceasing support you gave me. The term 'support" is a word often sued, but very indefinite in its meaning. The interpretation you gave it was to place yourself at the head of yor only brigade in action,, to lead them steadily, coolly, and persistently onward o\under an incessant and terribly destructive fire--so destructive that two horses were killed under you before the hottest of the battle commenced. To those who would say that there were but few rebel troops in the position attacked by the Second Brigade of my

division and Este's brigade of yours, I assert that it was the key of the positin, the strongest point--the point which the enemy attempted to hold at all hazards. Please give Colonel Este a copy of this letter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

[38.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, October 1, 1864.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Soon after my arrival here to take command of this department I was informed from the War Department of secret organizations thenforming in some of the States of my command and instructing me to ferret them out. I placed the papers in the hands of Brigadier General H. B. Carrington, stationed at Indianapolis, Ind., through whom I have been enabled to keep the War Department fully informed of the measures being taken by the disloyal. Through his energy, perseverance, and good judgment I am indebted for all the information I have been able to transmit. Through the information thus obtained and the measures taken in consequence thereof we are indebted mainly to being saved from the horrors of civil war in these States. I cannot

41 R R--VOL LII, PT I

