
be relieved from the duties of this department without putting on record my testimony in General Carrington's favor.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

[39.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 175. Nashville, Tenn., October 3, 1864.

* * * * * *

4. Lieutenant Colonel Aaron C. Johnson, commanding One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, will report at once with his command to Brigadier General John F. Miller, commanding post at Nashville, Tenn., for duty.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

Nashville, October 3, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m. 4th.)

Colonel McCALLUM:

The gange of Little Rock Railroad five and one-half feet. Nashville and Chattanooga line not materially injured by rebels, but no trains were sent through from Nashville till yesterday for a week. No trains running to-day. Decatur line very badly damaged.

A. ANDERSON.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I reached Columbus on the 1st instant and relieved Major-General Heintzelman of the command of the Northern Department. Inclosed you will receive a copy of the order promulgated on assuming command.* Since the 1st I have been employed in making myself acquainted with my new command, and to-night, under the orders of the Secretary of WAr, shall proceed to Indianapolis. I have the honor to report that no further resistance to the draft in Ohio is anticipated. It is reported by one of the deputy provost-marshals that more difficulty is felt in its enforcement, in Orange and Crawford Counties, in Indiana, but this, I conclude from dispatches received to-day from Major-General Hovey, has been considerably magnified. Of this, however, I hsall be better informed from personal observation to-morrow. In the organization I have proposed for the department I shall require an officer of prolper rank to command the District of Ohio, and request that one may be rodered to report to me for this service. I request that Colonel B. H. Hill, now the senior officer and in command of the District of Michigan, be retained in that position.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[39.]

---------------

*See VOL. XXXIX, Part III, p. 23.

---------------

