
cattle, obtaining corn, &amp;c. During the night I moved up nearer and dispatched Captain Massey, of this regiment, with two companies, to capture them. Captain Russell, of the Twenty-second Mississippi, accompanied the expedition in command of the scouts. They succeeded at daylight in surprising them and capturing the whole party. The list is as follows: 8 prisoners, 10 horses and mules, 40 head of beefcattle, a few pistols and guns, 3 negroes, 1 two-horse wagon. I send you most of the cattle; some I have reserved for use of the regiment. The quartermaster's property I have turned over to the quartermaster, and need the wagon very much, as we have been without on for six weeks. On yesterday, June 4, the command was concealed within one mile and a half of Edwards Depot until 1 o'clock, hoping that some of the house-burners or others wound cme out from the bridge, which they declined. I find the negroes immediately in the neighborhood of Edwards Depot and Big Black greatly demoralized, doing nothing, and in some instances very insolent. I found some guns on every place searched, said to be taken from the Baker's Creek battle-field ground. Provisions are very scarce, the enemy taking nearly everything. One of the negroes captured yesterday was said to have piloted the Federal army and aided them otherwise. The evidence was conclusive and satisfactory to every one. He was placed in charge of some men for safekeeping. I think they tied him but cannot say where. It is said that he could not keep up, and was left. I could get no definite information of the strength of the enemy at Big Black bridge. A citizen, who is well known and lines near that place, says they have a division that has been badly cut up at Vicksburg.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

W. N. BROWN,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding Battalion Twentieth Mississippi Regiment

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

[24.]

Report of Brigadier General John Adams, C. S. Army, of operations June 4.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Mechanicsburg, June 7, 1863.

I have the honor to report that the enemy-about 8,000 infantry, one battery of artillery (portion from transport, the other by Ridge road) and two regiments of cavalry, about 800-moved on Wire or Ridge road from Vicksburg on my command on 4th instant. Four companies of Twentieth Mississippi, under Major Rorer, commenced skirmishing with them at Bear Creek bridge about daylight, ambushed them seven times, and checked their progress so that they did not reach Mechanicsburg until about 2 p. m. The column of infantry and battery disembarked from transports about 8 a. m. I engaged them with skirmishers and checked them until about 2 p. m. Captain Hoskin's battery then opened upon them for about one hour. I then commenced falling back in good order, and had proceeded two miles and a half, but owing to some mistake in the transmission of an order Captain Nelson's company did not fall back as promptly as was intended. The enemy's cavalry, therefore, charged on the rear, creating a momentary confusion, but being myself well to the rear, adn seeing their advance, the fencing was thrown down and line formed, which at once checked their advance. In this charge the enemy lost 5 or 6 killed. Our loss

5 R R-VOL LII, PT I

