
relieve Lieutenant Colonel G. S. Wormer, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, in the command of the Draft Rendezvous at that place. Lieutenant-Colonel Wormer, on being relieved, will obey such instructions as Brigadier-General Cutler may give him.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 11, 1864.

Bvt. Major General JAMES H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I inclose you a recommendation addressed to the President asking for the promotion of Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, of whose efficiency you have so often heard. I hope it may receive your signature and that of General Thomas. Colonel La Grange's regiment has not been entirely filled, and rather than leave the service he has a pplied to the Governor of his State for a commission as lieutenant-colonel of his own regiment. His past services certainly entitle him to, and if you agree with me in this would it not be a good idea for you to telegraph the President or General Grant and secure him a brevet at once, and thus give him his proper rank to command his brigade. I feel deeply solicitous in this matter both for the good of the division and the service. I will telegraph you about horses to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 11, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have the honor to most respectfully recommend for promotion to the grade of brigadier-general of volunteers Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Regiment Wisconsin Cavalry. The reports of his superiors will show that no officer has made a better record since the war began. He has commanded a brigade for more than two years, and I believe the interests of the public service will be promoted by giving him such ranks as will enable him to retain the command he has so long and creditably filled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., November 12, 1864.

[General O. O. HOWARD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 27th ultimo from near Gaylesville and hasten to reply, although I am in ignorance as to whether all former communications have reached you or whether this will find you going, as you are, "on the wing." I will be as activeas I can to carry out your wishes, and will, no doubt, fully

