
After many disappointments, exposure, hard labor, and starvation the infantry arrived at Nashvill on the evening of the 9th instant. The hard labor, the unfortunate condition of the weather, rendered the hardships of this short camapgin very ahrd, and in all the experience I have had in the field there was less grumbling than is usual with soldiers. Every man seemed to be resolved to perform his duties in a cheeful manner and accoridng to orders. I respectfully desire to bring to your notice the following-named officers of the Quartermaster's Forces who volunteered and perfomred the duties of privates: Captain John Myers, First Regiment; Captain Smalley, First Regiment; Captain Spurheyre, Second Regiment; First Lieutenant W. T. Hooper, First Regiment; First Lieutenant Robert Hare, First Regiment; First Lieutenant Welch, Second Regiment. Of my acting quartermaster, Mr. Ray, I cannot say too much in his praise. He labored night and ay, and is still behind on the railroad in charge of the property. The medical staff, consisting of Surgeon Lyman, First Brigade, and Surgeon Karber, Second Regiment, reported to the post surgeon for duty upon their arrival. They were constantly occupied in caring [for] the wounded. Surgeon karber recklessly exposed hismelf on Friday to rescue two wounded gun-boat men who had beena bandoned by their comrades and left exposed on the levee. His conduct on this occasion is deserving of the highrest praise. Captain Bush, of the Second Regiment, was officer of the day, and was left at the warehouse with his guard to take charge of the property. The building was riddled with shell and shot and his guards deserted him, yet he remained at his post till relieved by orders from me. Many other individual acts of bravery came under my notice, but where all were brave it is difficult to cite personal instances. I cannot let this opportunity pass without saying a word in reference to the Ordnance Department. All the arms, accounterments, and ammunition issued to this brigade have been of the very meanest description that could be found in the depot. The artillery is honeycombed, and exposed the cannoneers to more danger than the enemy. The ammunition for small-arms is old and a large pecentage of the cartridges are caked and hard as rocks. The arms themselves are the superlative of worthlessness, and it seems as though the ordnance officer embraced the opportunity to rid his papers of all the trash he had upon them. I would respectfully recommend that either good arms and ammunition be furnished or the corps never again be asked to face an enemy. It is an insult to us to make our regiments the cesspool of the Ordnance Bureau. I submit herewith a list of names of persons who volunteered to go upon this campaign. In addition thereto, I would add the names of Lieutenant Colonel James S. Allen, First Regiment; Major James Heffern, Second Regiment; Major C. D. Madden, First Regiment; Adjutant Booth, First Regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. PETERSON,

Colonel Second Regiment, Commanding Detachments.

[39.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 311. Chattanooga, Tenn., November 13, 1864.

* * * *

IV. The organization know as the Artillery Reserve, Army of the Cumberland, is hereby disbanded. The commanding officers of the batteries

42 R R-VOL LII, PT I

