
was 4 our 6 wounded and some 15 or 20 captured. A number of stragglers, who had purhed off with the wagons in advance, on hearing this second firing, rushed at once to Scott's Ferry, on Big Black, and spead the most extravagant reports, such as these being all that were left, myself and staff captured,&amp;c. It is on this account I make this report. The whole loss of the enemy was 1 colonel, 5 or 6 others killed; number of wounded not known. We have some five or six prisoners. The object of this expedition was certainly to feel for General Johnston's army and to destroy and lay waste the country, aprticularly provisions and forage. As they have destroyed the bridges and road on the Valley road, it would seem they will not move on that again. General Jackson, with his command, is in my rear, and as he has sent forward this morning a brigae, I shall call in all of my command who have been since yesterday in pursuit of the enemy. I will be able, I hope, to-morrow to report forage and supplies and the locality in which they may be obtained.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S, Commanding.

Captain CUMMING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

JUNE 16, 1863.-Scout from Memphis to the Hatchie River, Tenn.

Report of Major John J. Joslyn, First Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY,Camp near Memphis, Tenn., June 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that in accordance with others from division headquarters I took command of a scouting party composed of detachment 50 men First Missouri Cavalry and 150 men Fifth Ohio Cavalry. I left camp on the 16th instant at 4 a. m., and proceeded north on the Randolph plank road, five miles; then east to Raleigh; from thence half a mile east to the Covington road, and north three miles, where I obtained information form an intelligent negro that there was no enemy nearer than Covington, distant thirty-three miles. My time being too limited to proceed to that place, I returned to the Raleigh road and east to the Hatchie River, passing through the village of Union, better known as Union Station, on the Memphis and Ohio Railroad. From the Hatchie I returned to camp by a circuitous route, taking by-roads and secluded paths to the Randolph and Memphis road. I arrived in camp at this place about 7 p. m. the same day. I did not meet with any enemy, but obtained intelligence from several negroes that about 300 guerrillas were stationed at Covington.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John J. JOSLYN,

Major, Commanding Regiment First Missouri Cavalry, pro tempore.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutan-General, Fifth Div., District of Memphis.

[24.]

---------------

* See also VOL. XXIV, Part II, p. 441.

---------------

