
up separately, each having lost a leg, and by and under the immediate supervision of Surgeon Karber were conveyed in a wheelbarrow to a place of safety. The command was safely re-embarked for the return at 8 a. m. on Tuesday, the 8th instant, and after many and vexatious delays reached this city at 10 p. m. of the 10th instant, without loss of life or limb further than above mentioned.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. SEYMOUR,

Surgeon, First Brigade, Quartermaster's Forces.

[39.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 313. Chattanooga, Tenn., November 15, 1864.

* * * *

XII. Brigadier General Thomas F. MEagher, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to paragraph III, Special Field Orders, Numbers 122, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, November 11, 1864, will proceed to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report to Major General James B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, for assignment to duty as commander of the brigades of convalescents, &amp;c., belonging to the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, now at that place.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]
HEADQUARTERS,South of Tennessee River, November 18, 1864.

[General R. S. GRANGER:]

GENERAL: Your attention is respectfully called tothe facts and circumstances of the late violation of a flag of truce by the U. S. steamer Thomas on the Tennessee River. On the 5th instant I ordered Captain Hale, of my command, with two soldiers, and in company with two citizens, to repair to the south bank of the river to hold communication by flag of truce with the Federal officer at Whitesburg. My flag was at once answeed by that officer. A preliminary conference was being held across the river, a white flag on either bank, when the steamer Thomas, lying out in the river, sent a boat to this die, with a flag of truce in her bow, to know "what was wanted.' Captain Hale replied that he was holding a truce with the land forces on the other side of the river, ina ccordance with a previous agreement to that effect. After a moment of idle conversation the naval officer, whose name and rank are unknown to me, turned his boat from the bank, saying to Captain Hale, "I advise you to leave here at once; " to which reply was given, "I am under flag of truce, andreuqested by the other side to remain here until my mission is accomplished." The boat pulled away from the bank, making signal to the steamer Thomas, which opened fire with artillery a short range upon my flag of truce, ending the truce begun in good faith with vilence and treachery. This outrage upon an unprotected flag, though in character with the previous conduct of the U. S. gunb-boats on the Upper Tennessee in shelling the private residences and negro quarters of citizens occupied by women and children without provocation or warning, is in this instance of a peculiar nature, insulting to both Governments; for, while the officer commanding the

