
steamer Thomas was insulting my flag of truce, he had himself claimed the protection of a similar flag over his boat, which floated during the firing. Had I anticipated bad faith and allowed my men to wear arms, this boat would have been ine asy range of my guns; but I had trusted to the sanctityof the white flag, under the laws and usages of civilized warfare. Had that flag been protected by aught save the suppositious honor of the public foe, the quick retaliation of the moment would have left me nothing to regret; but as it was, I am compelled for the present to demand simply the name and rank of the officer perpetrating this outrage, with such apology or explanation as you may be able to offer.

I am, general, respectfully,

WM. M. LOWE,

Colonel, &amp;c., C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, DIST. OF NORTH ALABAMA,

Huntsville, November 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain M. Forrest, commanding Eleventh District, Mississippi Squadron, with request that the alleged facts be investigated, and if true, that a suitable explanation or apology be made to Colonel Lowe.

By command of Brigadier General R. S. Granger:

JOHN W. HORNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighteenth Michigan Volunteers,

Provost-Marshal District of North Alabama.

[Second indorsement.]

Referred to Captain G. Morton, commanding U. S. steamer General Thomas, to be returned with a written statement in reply.

MOREAU FORREST,

Commanding Eleventh District Mississippi Squadron.

[Third indorsement.

FLAG-SHIP BURNSIDE, February 10, 1865.

Respectfully returned to General Granger.

As Colonel Lowe, C. S. Army, has made one false statement in regard to the gun-boats firing on houses occupied by females, it is tob e presumed that the whole letter is in consonance with that statement, and therefore false.

MOREAU FORREST,

Commanding Eleventh District Mississippi Squadron.

[45.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV., OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 19, 1864.

* * * *

3. Captain J. W. Barlow, U. S. Engineers, is assigned to the immediate charge of the defense of Nashville, under the direction of Brigadier-General Towere, inspector-general of forts, Military Division of the Mississippi, to date from November 13, 1864, when Captain Barlow reported for duty. * * *

* * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

