
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, Pulaski, Tenn., Numbers 159. November 20, 1864.

* * * *

5. The Twenty-second Indiana Battery will proceed by rail to-morrow, 21st instant, to Columbia, Tenn., and report to Brigadier-General Ruger, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 319. Chattanooga, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

* * * *

IV. The following-named batteries are relieved from duty at this post and hereby announced as composing the Reserve Light Artillery of the department, reporting direct to the chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland. Captain E. C. Bainbridge, Fifth U. S. Artillery, is assigned to t he temporary command of the above-named organization: Company K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Captain E. C. Bainbridge commanding; Company M, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, Second Lieutenant J. Ziegler commanding; Company I, First Michigan Volunteer Light Artillery, Captain L. R. Smith commanding; Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Light Battery, Captain C. C. Aleshire coimmanding; Seventh Indiana Volunteer Light Battery, First Lieutenant J. C. Fislar commanding; Twentieth Indiana Volunteer Light Battery, Captain M. A. Osborne commanding.

V. Major F. Schultz, First Regiment Ohio Light Artillery, is hereby assigned to the command of Fortress Rosecrans, Murfreesborough, Tenn., relieving Colonel W. E. Lawrence, who will take command of the First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery and establish his regimental headquarters at Murfreesborough, Tenn.

VI. Company M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, will proceed without delay to Pulaski, Tenn., and report to the commanding officer of the Fourth Army Corps, to which command it has been assigned.

VII. The Twentieth Ohio Battery is hereby relieved from duty with the Fourth Army Corps, and will, upon the arrival of Company M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, at Pulaski, Tenn., proceed without delay to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report to the commanding officer of the garrison artillery.

* * * *

X. The following-named batteries are hereby assigned to the permanent garrison of Chattanooga, Tenn., and will report without delay to the commanding officer thereof for duty: Counties A, B, and C, First Minnesota Heavy Artillery; Company I, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery.

XI. Company G, First Missouri Volunteer Light Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty in the permanent garrison of Chattanooga, Tenn., and will report to Brigadier General John H. King for duty on Lookout Mountain.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

