
the War Department, and who will, should necessity warrant it, act under the authority herein conferred, and compell disloyal inhabitants to contribute for the benefit of the suffering poor.

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn., Numbers 165. November 28, 1864.

* * * *

4. The One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, having reported for assignment to duty in the Twenty-third Army Corps, is hereby assigned to the Second Division, and its commanding officer will report at once to Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger for duty.

5. The Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, having reported for duty, is hereby temporarily assigned to the Second Division, and Colonel Bradshaw will report at once to Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger for duty.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

FORT GAINES, November 30, 1864.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Forrest has sent down to Fowl River 1,000 men (sailors) where they have prepared launches to capture and destroy our transports running in Mississippi Sound. It is probable that they will try to push others out from the Pscagoula River. Captain Jenkins, U. S. Navy, commanding fleet here, and mysel fare on the qui vive. Our transports should be on the alert, and prepared with signal rockets to give the alarm to navy boats guarding the sound coast. It is probably their intention to prevent or delay supplies reachign Sherman and Davidson in case they should come in upon this coast. If I had a few troops and water transportation any attempt of this kind could be easily frustrated. I will try it anyhow. Deserters and refegees from Mobile report fighting going on at Macon. Later reports say that one column of Sherman's is moving on Mobile, while the main body has gone to Savannah. Everything indicates uneasiness at Mobile. I have two spies in Mobile, and hope to hear something definite soon.

Very truly,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

[45.]

