SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 449. Washington, December 15, 1864.

* * * *

41. Brigadier General J. T. Copeland, U. S. Volunteers, upon being relieved in the command of the military prison and post at Alton, Ill., will report by letter to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[41.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 10. Memphis, Tenn., December 17, 1864.

* * * *

XIII. Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of West Tennessee, with headquarters in Memphis.

* * * *

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

F. W. FOX,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

In the Field, December 21, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division,

Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from the general commanding division I have the honor to submit the following special report in refeence to the conduct of commissioned officers of this brigade during the late battles in front of Nashville: In amking this report it is almost impossible to mention individual cases of meritorious conduct on the part of officers, since all behaved nobly and seemed to vie with each other in gallantly discahrging their duties. Without doing injustice, however, to other officers I would respectfully recommend for promotion Captain John B. Gandolfo, commanding One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers. This officer I have before recommended for promotion, and the manner in which he discharged his duties during the engagement of the 16th has only strengthened my former opinion as to his ability as an officer, andI again urge his advancement in the service. I cannot mention individual cases connectedwith the Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteers, Foirty-ninth and One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, as all perfomred their respective duties nobly and with that zeal and determination that always insures success and victory. I would, however, recommend for promotion First Sregt. R. A. Leonard, of Company H, Fifty-second Indiana Volunteers, who had already received a commission as second lieutenant, but cannot be mstered as such on account of the reduced strength of his company. The position of regimental adjutant is now vacant in that regiment, and for meritorious conduct during the charge

