
drills and was unable to get the men out for the established revies, except in four or five instances. For this remissness he was, in my opinion, in no respectto blame, as to general superintendent here, then Mr. A. Anderson, and his railroad officers interposed their authority between him and the railroad men, and delined to have them participate in this quasi military duty, as I reuquired all other quartermaster's employes to do. Colonel Crane, indeed, I am persuaded, exerted himself to the utmost to carry out the spirit of my orders on the subject, although not regularly under my orders, but under the circumstances his efforts soon proved pratically abortive.

I have neverthless reported the brigade and have considered it onhadn for duty in case of an emergency here, and should continue to tide it along somehow still were it not for the fact that in the recent crisis of affairs here it absolutely refused to take up arms and perform military duty. As you will see by copy of General Orders, Numbers 5., from these headquarters, current series (see copy herewith marked A), on the day of the battle of Franklin, at the request of the major-general commanding, t he whole military force of the quartermaster's department was ordered to the trenches. A copy of the order was sent to Colonel Crane, commanding Second Brigade, Quartermaster's Forces, and a letter at the same time addressed to Mr. E. L. Wentz, general superintendent U. S. Military Railroads here, requesting his earnest co-operation in the matter, a copy of which please find herewith marked B. Colonel Crane reported next day that he was powerless to order the brigade out, and Mr. Wentz replied declining to co-operate, as you will see by copy of his letter herewith marked C. I have no remarks to make upon either the spirit or the character of this letter under the emergencies then existing here. I merely desire to say that the brigade thus refused to turn out for military duty at a time when of all others that will probably ever happen here it sservides were most required, and Ihave therefore to recommend, as this becomes my official duty, that the brigade be at once disbanded, and the commissions heretofore issued to its officers be forthweith revoked. The names and rank of its officers are as follows:

Second Brigade, Colonel John C. Crane, inspector quartermaster's department, commanding: Fourth Regiment, Quartermaster's Forces-Colonel J. C. Crane, inspector quartermaster's department, colone; F. J. Slatterie, lieutenant-colonel; F. W. Corey, major; Charles A. Croney, adjutant; John Crawley, regimental quartermaster. Fifth Regiment, Quartermaster's Forces-Captain George senstein, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers, colonel; F. M. Houghton, lieutenant-colonel; Samuel Stocking, major; C. T. Wharton, adjutant; W. S. McAbee, regimental quartermaster. I regret this step thus becomes so necessary, exceddingly, as its effects will be bad and demoralizing in the extreme upon my other two brigades; but I see no other course to pursue under the present organization of U. S. Military Railroads, and cannot consent to report a paper organization which exists in reality nowhere else.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Bvt. Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of the Cumberland.

P. S.-I shall forward you in few days a full report of the operations of the division during the recent battles here.

J. L. D.

