
[Inclosures.]

A.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, QUARTERMASTER'S FORCES, Numbers 5. Nashville, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

The forces of the quartermaster's department will at once move out the Granny White pike to the toll-gate near Mrs. Acklin's, and report for orders to an officer of the engineer department, who will be found there. They should reach that point not later than 1 p. m. without fail. Each brigade will supply itself before moving with 10 axes, 200 picks, and 700 spades or shovels, to be taken along in wagons. the force will at once set to work on intrenchments, under the orders of the engineer department, and will muster as strong as possible. To this end, all but the most necessary work will at once be stopped throughout the department.

By command of Colonel C. H. Irvin:

JAS. F. RUSLING,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

B.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Mr. E. L. WENTZ,

General Superintendent U. S. Military Railroads:

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of an order this day issued pursuant to instructions from the major-general commanding, which sufficiently explains itself. The Second Brigade of Quartermaster's Forces, as you are aware, is composed exlusively of employes of the railroad, and some months ago wee organized as depot guard here in case of necessity, as now, the same as other employes of the Government here at Nashville. Of course, under the organiztion you are working under, I have no power to order your men, as I have other quartermaster's employes; but the public necessities here noiw, as you are aware, are very urgent, and General Thomas desires that all Government work cease that can at all be dispensed with, and our men held ready for military duty under his orders. Under these circumstances I shall be very glad if you will heartily and earnestly co-operate in this order, and have all diposable men report at once to Colonel J. C. Crane for the duty inidcated, until exisitng emergencies change. Please naswer at as early an hour as practicable, and let me know how many men you can furnish.

By order of Bvt. Brigadier General J. L. Donaldson.

Very respectfully,

JAS. F. RUSLING,

Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Chief Asst. Quartermaster.

C.

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

OFFICE OF GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT,

U. S. Military Railroads, Nashville, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON:

SIR: In reply to your communication received at this office at 1.55 p. m., I have to say that the U. S. Military Railroad service is an arduous

