
JUNE 17-18, 1863.- Operations on Mississippi River, near Memphis, Tenn, and attack on transports.

Report of Major George Cubberly, Eighty-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding River Guard.

STEAMER MAQUOKETA CITY, June 17, 1863.

In obedience to your orders I went on board the steamer Ruth with a detachment from Eighty-ninth Indiana, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, and two pieces of artilley, and proceeded up the river to Bradley's Landing and stopped the boat. I was immediately fired on with artillery. I started the boat out from the bank and returned the fire as soon as possible. Owing go the bank being high, the rebels fired five shots without striking the boat. The pilot worked the boat to the island opposite to Bradley's out of range of the enemy's guns, where we shelled them for some time, when they retired under cover of the woods. From information obtained from General Bradley and others, I am led believe the troops are a part of Marmaduke's forces, and are about 600 or 800 strong, with two pieces of artillery. After driving them from the bank at Bradley's I went up to Cottonwood Point and remained there some time, but could not hear of any parties or rebels having been there, and learning that the Platte Valley had gone up the river, I returned to Memphis. By the premature discharge of the artillery three men were badly wounded, having their arms torn off.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CUBBERLY,

Major, Commanding River Guard.

Brigadier-General VEATCH,

Commanding District of Memphis.

[24.]

JUNE 30, 1863.-Skirmish at Butler's Mill, near Buck Lodge, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gustaus Tafel, One hundred and sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 106TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Buck Lodge, Tenn., July 1, 1863.

COLONEL: I would respectfully submit to you the following statement in regard to the brush had by a party of my men with a force of guerrillas on yesterday, the 30th day of June:

On Monday evening, June 29, about 8 o'clock, information reached me that a party of guerrillas were robbing the house of Mr. Bresentine, a Union man, not far from our farthest bridge guard, about two miles from this place. I immediately ordered all the mounted men I had (numbering eleven), under command of Lieutenant Berthold, to repair to the place indicated and to give pursuit if the circumstances should warrant it. After several hours' ride the robbers saw themselves pressed so hard they dropped part of their plunder on the road and they themselves took to the woods. The guide (young Bresentine) then conducted our party to a house where the guerrillas were known to congregate, and there they laid in wait for them. The thieves did

