
that from your position o the hill you were unable to see my reserve line, and seeing the enemy retire, that it naturally occurred to you that the troops on the left had driven them back. In making the foregoing statements I do not detract from the just meed of praise to General Lightburn's command, for at Mission ridge there was glory enough for all. I have observed that the Army and Navy Journal, in commenting upon that battle, has followed your report, thus carrying an error into history. With these statements I leave the matters with you to make such addenda as will do justice to the living and the dead.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Savannah, January 8, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, Washngton, D. C., to be filed as a part of the history of the battle of Chattanooga. I did not attach any blame to the falling back of Raum's and Matthies' brigades. Still, the two regiments herein named are entirled to the credit of holding their ground.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[31.]
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 30TH Kentucky MOUNTED INFANTRY,Williamstown, Ky., January 9, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Military District of Kentucky:

SIR: On the evening of the 6th instant I sent Captains Dyas and Searcy with forty men of my detachment to Owen County, at Lusby's Mill. They came upon Lieutenant Whetmore, of Jessee's command, and several others, and had a running fight of two hours; succeeded in having the pleasure of carrying General Orders, Numbers 8, out on them. On returning they came upon the noted Alex. Webster at their rendezvous at Mrs. Gross'. Captured a noted guerrilla, Willis Steve, alias Stephenson. I inted returning to Lusby's Mill with my entire command. Upon my arrival there I intendexecuting Stephenson at that place. I send two prisoners, Jack Jones and John Bates. We have strong presumptive evidence that they have been acting with guerrillas (of which I will furnish as soon as I can). The evidence we have received as yet is not sufficient to carry out General Orders, Numbers 8. the roads have been impossible nearly to travel them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FLEMING BATES,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Thirtieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

[45.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, LOUISVILLE, KY., Numbers 2. January 10, 1865.

I. The One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and fifteenth, and One hundred and twenty-second regiments U. S. Colored Infantry will

