
approach within sight, but got wind of the presence of my men, and under cover of darkness made good their escape. At daylight, June 30, the party started out again, and after a protracted search for the villains, they were on their way home and within seven miles from camp, near what is called Butler's Old Mill, when they were fired into by a force who lay in ambush, and whose numbers were estimated at from 70 to 120 men. Lieutenant Berthold fell at the first fire, shot throught the heart, and the rest of the party, after a short resistance, made good their escape, with the exception of one man, Charles Ofenloch, private, of Company E, whose horse gave out, and who was overtaken and killed. The rest were pursued to within two miles of camp. Immediately on their arrival I started out with a detachment of infantry, leaving only a small guard at the fort, and succeeded in recovering the bodies of the murdered men. No guerrillas were to be seen. Besides the two men killed, the following were wounded: Jacob Zink, Company H, both hands; Henry Knapp, Company H, shot in the breast; David Coil, Company F, wounded in the arm and breast. The guerrillas were armed with shotguns and revolvers. They had one of their number killed and several supposed to be wounded. I had eight suspicious characters living in the neighborhood of where the fight took place arrested, and upon careful examination discharged three of them and sent the rest on to Gallantin. Annexed please find the charges against said prisoners.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GUSTAVUS TAFEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 106th Regiment Ohio VOL. Infantry.

Colonel SWEET,

Commanding Post, Gallatin, Tenn.

[23.]

JULY 2-26, 1863.-Morgan's Raid in Kentucky, Indiana, and Ohio.

Report of Major General Lewis Wallace, U. S. Army.

GRAWFORDSVILLE, IND., July 27, 1863.

SIR: I reported to Governor Morton on the morning of the 11th July for duty, and at his request took command of a detachment of the Legion for operations against Morgan, who was then reported in the neighborhood of Vernon, in this State. It appears General Carrington had reported to General Willcox that as early as 9 a. m. a body of troops 2,200 or 2,500 strong were ready to march. I waited for them at the depot of the Madison and Indianapolis Railroad, intending to put them on the cars and proceed immediately to Vernon. About 10,30 a. m. Colonel Shuler reported his regiment there. Upon inquiry I found they had no ammunition. Shortly after Colonel Gregory reported his command. It also was without ammuniton. In addition it was without rations. These were all that reported. Their united strength was about 1,300 effective. These were waited for ammunition till about 4 p. m. Received a limited supply a start was then made for Vernon. At Columbus news was received that Morgan had surronded Vernon; that General Love was in the place with about 1,200 men; that a surrender had been demanded of him; that he refused compliance, but wanted re-enforcements immediately;

