HDQRS. MUSTER-OUT AND REORGANIZATION CAV. CORPS,Edgefield, Tenn., June 27, 1865.

Pursuant to the circular issued on Saturday, the officers andmen of the Cavalry Corps of the Military Division of the Mississippi met at the point designated on Monday afternoon, at 5 o'clock, for the purpose of taking into consideration the adoption of a badge to be worn by the members of the corps.

Brevet Major-General Upton was called to the chair, and Major James W. Latta acted as secretary.

Upon taking the chair the general remarked that the corps had manifested, as a body, a degree of diffidence and modesty that hardly seemed to be in keeping with its recent achievements and exploits. That it became them, in view of the prominent part it has so lately played in damaging and crippling the enemy in the closing struggles of the rebellion, to endeavor to perpetuate in our ARmy ins ome way by an emblematic sign the memory and associations of our organization that had so materially aided in advancing the strides of liberty and civilization.

On motion of Brevet Brigadier-General Alexander, it was agreed to leave the subject under consideration to a committee, and that the design selected by them should be adopted as the badge of the corps after it had receivedthe approval of Brevet Major-General Wilson.

The following-named gentlemen were appointed as the committee: Lieutenant Colonel H. P. Lamson, First Division, Cavalry Corps; Bvt. Brigadier General B. D. Pritchard, Second Division, Cavalry Corps; Colonel Israel Garrard, Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps.

On motion the name of the secretary of the meeting was added to the committee.

On motion it was resolved that the design of the badge be published in the military serials of the day and in the principal Northern and Western papers.

After three hearty and well-meant cheers for their much-respected and beloved corps commander, the meeting adjourned.

[49.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Nashville, Tenn., June 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 39, Quartermaster-General's Office, current series, I have the honor to submit my report of the operations of the quartermaster's department for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865. My report for the year ending June 30, 1864, was mailed to you April 28, 1865. The 1st of July, 1864, found me on duty as chief quartermaster Department of the Cumberland and of thedepotin Nashville. The Department of the Cumberland comprised the State of Tennessee east of the Tennessee River and westof the Hiwassee River, and such parts of Northern Alabama and Georgia as were already in possession of our troops, or might be taken possession of by the armies then actively operating at the front. Large quantities of stores had been accumulated at Nashville, the great depot, and Chattanooga, Knoxville, and Johnsonville, the minor depots, as well as at Allatoona and Big Shanty, Ga., along the line of operations. The

