
assistant quartermaster, has had charge of freight and passenger transportation on all the railroads centering in Nashville. In a work involving such a variety of detail he has succeeded in preserving order and system, and I commend him to your favorable notice and consideration. Captain T. J. Cox, assistant quartermaster, has had charge of clothing, camp, and garrison equipage for the large armies operating in the department. His duties in consequence have been extensive, and it is sufficient praise of me to say that during the year I have not received a signls compalint of the want of these essential supplies at any point. Captain George B. Hibbard, assistant quartermaster, has had charge of forage at the depot, Nashville. It comprised a vast amount, and the care he took of it, working over several hundred thousand sacks of grain which bid fair to spoil, entitled him to my warmest commendation. Captain W. A. Wainwirhgt, assistant quartermaster, has had charge of receiving and issuing quartermaster's stores. In this position he showed zeal and ability, anticipating the wants of the army so that it never suffered at any time. Captain E. B. Kirk, assistant quarteramster, served from July to October, 1864, as chief quartermaster District of the Etowah; from October, 1864, to May, 1865, in charge of corrals, animals, and depot transportation at Chattanooga, and from May to June 30, 1865, in charge of depot, transportation, corrals, &amp;c., Nashville. He has displayed good judgment and ability in each of these positions, and his large sales of public animals and material have been conducted with economy and fidelity. I have already referred to the services of Bvt. Major A. W. Wills, assistant quartertmaster, in connection with the Government printing house. In addition to this he has been in charge of the contraband camp, public buildings and quarters, and a variety of details, all of which have been well managed. Captain H. M. Smith, assistant quartermaster, had charge of workshops and building till March, 1865; from March to June 30 he has been in charge of the cavalry depot, Edgefield, and his management of that concern and particuarly his care and sale of public horses have been judiciously conducted. Captain John H. James, assistant quartermaster of Tennessee troops, was under the immediate orders of Governor Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, though he reported to me for instructions. His duties were arduous and complicated, and he performed them to the satisfaction of Governor Johnson, as the Governor personally assured me. Captain Henry Howland, assistant quartermaster, served at the depots of Bridgeport, Johnsonville, and Nashville. He showed himself a valuable officer at each of those points. The only acting assistant quartermasters of whom I have any personal knowledge are Captain W. Mills, Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and First Lieutenant S. H. Stevens, Chicago Board of Trade Battery, Illinois Volunteers. Both served at the depot, Nashville, and both displayed ability and faithfulness in their sphere. Captain Mills was post quartermaster, and Lieutenant Stevens was in charge of river and depot transportation, levees, fuel for steamers, &c. The duties of these officers were arduous and responsible, and Lieutenant Stevens especially deserves great credit for the manner he loaded and unloaded boats and disposed of the enormous amount of public stores. I refer to his accounts as evidence of this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, and Chief Quartermaster.

[38, 39, 45, and 49.]

44 R R-VOL LII, PT I

