
shops have been kept in constnat operation. More work, with less pretension, has beena ccomplished at this point than any other under my control, and I accord to General Myers the chief merit of its performance. He has never been appaled by the magnitude or complication of his duties, but has done his work with cheefulenss and alacrity, every requisition upon him being promptly and successfully met.

At the head of the transportation division was General Lewis B. Parsons, of whose capacity and extent of service I have had occasion before to speak. This meritorious oficer, being transferred to Washington and reporting directly to you, will render his own account of his transactions. His zeal, devotion to duty, intelligence and activity in its performance have been recognized by the Government in his promotion. As individual reports are made to you by each officer, whether serving at depots or not, I need not recount their services. I may mention, however, that from the 2nd of September, 1862, until the 13th of July, 1864, the transprotation office at saint Louis was in the immediate charge of Captain, who went out of service by resigantion at this latter date. This officer deserves special commendation. He bore the burnt of the labor in this branch when it was arduous in the extreme, was never found wanting, always ready for duty, day and night, and always prompt in its performance. At the depot in this city the duties were divided as follows: Chief of depot for the last nine months, Colonel George F. Clark; in charge of railroad transportation, Captain John H. Ferry, until October, 1864, since which time Captain J. R. Del Vecchio; in charge of river transportation, Catp. Franklin Ernst; in charge of forage and miscellaneous supplies, Cpt. D. O. De Wolf; in charge of quarters and fuel and miscellaneous disbursements, Captain A. M. Tucker; in charge of clothing and camp and garrison equipage, Captain G. A. Hull, military sotrekeeper; in charge of animals, corrals, and city transportation, Captain J. T. Allen for the principal period, subsequently Captain J. H. Belcher. All these officers have been faithful public servants, and it affords me pleasure to bear testimony to their merits. At Saint Louis there were like divisions: In charge of river and railroad transportation, Capts. Charles Parsons and L. S. Metcalf; in charge of forage, Capts. E. D. Chapman and William Currie; in charge of animals, corrals, city transportation, miscellaneous supplies, quarters and fuel, &amp;c., Capts. G. W. Ford, Edmund Wuerpel, F. A. Seely, John L. Woods, and D. N. Welch, the latter in charge of miscellaneous disbursement; in charge of clothing and camp and garrison equipage, Capts. S. e. Meigs and R. S. Hart. The vast business transacted at this depot is a warrant of the efficiency of these officers, whose immediate chief has, I presume, set forth their several merits. The depot at memphis was ably conducted by Captain A. R. Eddy and, subsequenlty, Colonel R. E. Clary; at Cairo by Captain A. C. Woolfolk, Bowling Green by Captain D. Heany, officers who deserve well of their country. The clothing branch at Saint Lr Captain S. E. Meigs and subsequently under Captain R. S. Hart, you will find makes a highly satisfactory exhibit in the quantity of the clothing as well as in the quality of the work. The clothing branch at this depot, under Captain G. A. Hull, military storekeeper, has likewise a praise-worthy record.

In conclusion I must be permitted to remark that history furnished few, if any, examples of armies so great traversing territories so wide and having their every want at every step supplied. It demonstrates how vital to the success of military operations is an efficient quartermaster's department-a department that it has long since become a

