
habit to abuse. Every officer and every private constitues himself its accuser and judge. JNo failure in this department escapes the argus eyes of censure or the prolific tongues of reproof. It is not only accountable for its own sins, but it is the great scapegoat upon which blundering generals pack their own errors. In view of these facts I say it is a proud reflection for the department in the West that its faults, subject to this ordeal, were past finding out.

Respectfully submitted.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brevet Major-General and Chief Quartermaster Valley of the Mississippi.

[8, 10, 17, 24, 30, 31, 38, 39, 45, 49.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Macon, Ga., July 9, 1865.

Major JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers, Edgefield, Tenn.:

(Care of Major-General Upton.)

Your communication and design concerning the Cavalry Corps badge has been received.* The brevet major-general commanding suggests that the design adopted fails to embody the idea of unity. The badge should be the same throughout the whole corps. This is the only objection, and if not too late he would suggest it be altered and some other design adopted. If, however, too late, it has his approval. The badge as adopted would simply indicate brigades, divisions, or corps, as the case might be, whereas the idea to be embodied is exclusively that of the corps organization. Please lay this letter before the board and request its early consideration. The general would have written himself, but he is suddenly called away. If the officers are separated, the matter might be arranged by correspondence or visitation. Should this not be deemed advisable, send the designs submitted to these headquarters and the general will make a selection.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. INHOFF,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[49.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Loisville, Ky., July 10, 1865.

The following named enlisted men having served faithfully in the adjutant-general's office of the Seventeenth Army Corps during the campaign against Atlanta and though Georgia and the Carolinas are hereby awarded the silver medal of honor of the corps. They are authorized to have inscribed on it "Vicksburg, Atlanta, Savannah, and Goldsborough: " Louis O. Kohtz, F Company, Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers; Charles H. Ferris, F Company, Fourteenth Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers; Ogden Tomlinson, G Company, Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers; James Boyd, D Company, Sixty-fourth Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteers.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24, 38, 44, 47.]

---------------

*See June 30, p. 678.

---------------

