
the required transportation. From Osgood, on the morning of the 14th instant, I marched to Sunman's Station, on the Indianapolis and Lawrenceburg Railroad. On the 16th instant the command was ordered to return to Indianapolis. While lying at Vernon, I issued an order for the collection by impressment of all the horses within three miles of the place. The execution of this order was given to Colonel Shuler. So industriously did he work that by 3 o'ckock he had 160 horses. These were at once mounted by details from his regiment and Colonel Gregory's. The command of the detachment was given Colonel Shuler, and he started in pursuit with the following order:

VERNON, IND., July 12, 1863.

Colonel SHULER:

With your mounted men you will follow vigorously on the route of rebel Morgan, harassing his rear, picking up stragglers, and never leaving his path while in Indiana.

LEW. WALLACE,

General, Commanding.

The colonel outstripped General Hobson's cavalry and overtook the enemy at Harrison, where he reports having had quite a skirmish. It is very much to be regretted that the Legion consists so entirely of infantry. Two or three regiments of cavalry would have stopped Morgan before he passed into Ohio. I respectfully suggest attention to the organization of that arm of the service. In conclusion, I have no doubt that the men under my command would have asquitted themselves very handosomely in a fight. Their conduct under arms was in every respect creditable.

Very respectfully, general, your friend and servant,

LEW. WALLACE.

Adjt. General L. NOBLE.

En route I found General Hughes, who with his detachment was waiting for me a few miles beyond Milan.

[23.]

in James W. Patterson, Twenty-first Battery Ohio Light Artillery.

CINCINNATI, July 24, 1863.

SIR: By order of Brigadier General J. D. Cox, received at Camp Dennison Wednesday, July 8, 1863, I reported my command at Cincinnati at the earliest possible moment. On the morning of the 9th I left Cincinnati on the steam-boat Caroline for Louisville, Ky., with verbal orders form the morning of the 10th arrived at Louisville and reported to General Boyle as ordered. I was by him ordered to Jeffersonville to report to Colonel Williams. Colonel Williams at once ordered my full battery to take position behind the Government warehouses for their protection. Soon after I was ordered to place Lieutenant Walley with one section on board of the steam-boat Saint Patrick for the purpose of patrolling the river to Madisonville. On the following day I was ordered to place one gun with Lieutenant H. L. Holloway on board the steamer Calypso; also one gun under Orderly Sergeant Mann on the Masonic

