
its pioneer force, and with these organizations streams were crossed and roads repaired, and sometimes made without retarding the movements of the troops. The management of trains differed somewhat in each corps, but I think the best arrangement was where the train of the corps followed immediately after its troops with a strong rear guard, in the following order: First, corps headquarters baggage wagons; second, division headquarters baggage wagons; third, brigade headquarters baggage wagons; fourth, regimental headquarters baggage wagons; fifth, empty wagons to be loaded with forage and other supplies taken form the country, and the proper details for loading them; sixth, ammunition train; seventh, ambulance train; eighth, general supply train. As the empty wagons reached points where forage and other supplies could be obtained, a sufficient number were turned out of the road to take all at the designated place, and so on through the day, until all the empty wagons were loaded, making it a rule to take the first supplies arrived at, and to leave none on the road until all the wagons were loaded. The empty wagons would be loaded by the time the rear of the general supply train came up to them, and they would fall into their proper places in the rear of their division trains, if in time, or in the rear of the general supply train without retarding the march. This arrangement worked well, and is probably as good as any that could be make. As a general thing the wagons were required to go but a short distance from the line of march to obtain supplies, there being sufficient near by. The march proceeded most successfully, there being little resistance from the enemy, and an abundance of food for men and animals being found everywhere until we took position before Savannah.

We arrived near Savannah on the 10th of December, and by the capture of Fort McAllister on the 13th communication with the sea by the Ogeechee River was opened to us. Supplies in limited quantities were brought up this r1st of December, when Savannah itself was occupied, and our vessels at once came up to the city by the south channel of the river. The operations of your department under my charge form that tiem until General Sherman's army arrived at Washington are so fully detailed in my report dated July 22, 1865, on file in your office, that a repetition of them here seems quite unnecessary.* During the latter part of May General Sherman's army was broken up as an organization, and during the month of June I was ordered to Saint Louis as chief quartermaster of the Military Division of the Mississippi.

Appended hereto is the statement of public moneys required by GeneralOrders, Numbers 39, from your office, current series.+ My duties as chief quartermaster in the field have been such that the other statements called for in the order are not required from me, having been responsible for no property, pad for no transportation, and furnished none; received no captured property, built no railroad or telegraph lines, and charterd no vessels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. EASTON,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

[38, 39, and 44.]

---------------

* See VOL. LIII.

---------------

+ Statement (omitted) shows on hand July 1, 1864, and received during the year, $981,822.17; expended, $5,373.86; transferred to other officers, $846,215.37; remaining on hand June 30, 1865, $130,232.94.

