
attained, men who have been ever at their posts, prompt in the discharge of duty, and whose ability, integrity, and efficiency have reflected credit on the department and honor upon the cause in which they have been engaged, viz: Bvt. Colonel Arthur Edwards, assistant quartermaster, who since the execution of your orders on the Upper Tennessee has been engaged as assistant in the general supervision of transportation of the West; Captain Charles Parsons, assistant quartermaster, who for nearly two years conducted the vast and vareid dutes of the transportation office at Saint Louis with eminent success; Captain (now Bvt. Colonel) L. S. Metcalf, assistant quartermaster, formerly in charge of transportation at Louisville, now and for the past year at Saint Louis; Captain F. S. Winslow, assistant quartermaster, formerly in charge of transportation at Helena and Nashville; Lieutenant Colonel G. L. Fort, assistant quartermaster, long in charge of transportation at the important posts of Vicksburg and Memphis; Captain James Brooks, chief quartermaster for the ram fleet and marine brigade; Captain A. C. Woolfolk, assistant quartermaster, in charge of transportation at the important post of Cairo during nearly the whole war; Captain J. V. Lewis, assistant quartermaster, for nearly two years in charge of transportation at Memphis and Cincinnati; Lieutenant Colonel H. T. Noble, assistant quartermaster, successor to Captain Winslow, in chtation at Helena, Ark; Lieutenant (now Bvt. Major) Q. I. Drake, acting assistant quartermaster, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, assistant officer of transportation at Paduah and Saint Louis, and subsequently my assistant in the charge of the fourth division of the Quartermaster-General's office; Captain (now Bvt. Major) T. B. Hunt, assistant quartermaster, in charge of transportation at Cincinnati, Ohio; Lieutenant S. H. Stevens, acting assistant quartermaster, in charge of transportation at Nashville during the last year; Captain H. Rasin, assistant quartermaster at Smithland, Ky.; Captain Benjamin Burton, assistant quartermaster of transportation at Washington City; Captain F. W. Perkins, in charge of transportation at New Orleans; Captain D. N. Welch, assistant quartermaster at Saint Louis; Captain L. S. Van Vliet, now quartermaster of transportation at Memphis; Captain C. H. Gaubert, in charge of transportation at Devall's Bluff, Ark., for the last year; Captain James R. Del Vecchio, assistant quartermaster at Louisville, Ky; Captain N. J. Rusch, assistant quartermaster, in charge of transportation at Vicksburg; Captain Frank Ernst, assistant quartermaster, recently in charge of transportation at Louisville, Ky.

Very respectfully,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Brigadier General and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

[3, 7, 10, 15, 17, 20, 24, 30, 31, 32, 45, 49.]

