
JULY 8, 1863.-Scout from Germantown, Tenn., etc.

JULY 10, 1863.-Skirmish at Bolivar, Tenn.

JULY 13, 1863.- Skirmishes on Forked Deer River and at Jackson, Tenn.

JULY 16-20, 1863.-Scout from Germantown, Tenn.

AUGUST 3, 1863.--Scout from Fort Pillow and skirmish near Denmark, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Robert V. Richardson, C. S. Army.

SELMA, ALA., August 10, 1863.

SIR: About five weeks ago I reached West Tennessee. I found my regiment, the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry (partisan rangers), badly scattered, the effect of my long absence, and the intermeddling of certain officers who had gone into West Tennessee during my absence and sought to take command of my men. I immediately set about collecting my men and forming new companies. I found a lively feeling of patriotism to prevail among the people, which was greatly stimulated by the knowledge of my appointment as chief for the Bureau of Conscription of West Tennessee, and my proclaimed intention to put the laws in force without delay. Very soon there were not less than forty new company organizations on foot throughout West Tennessee; some of these were soon formed, others dragged. I designated a day for the meeting of the Twelfth Regiment; about one-half met me; but the Yankees getting wind of my arrival and movements came out in force from La Grange, Memphis, adn Germantown to break me up. Fortunately I had only designated to my company officers the place of meeting, and we met, but our Yankee friends went to Galloway's Switch, one of our camps, expecting to find us, when our real place of meeting was about ten miles distant. I saw that I could not successfully fight the force of the enemy, and by making a night march passed around his camp to his near, and crossed the Big Hatchie River and went on my way collecting my new recruits. I then designated Jackson as a place of general rendezvous, where I hoped to be able to collect enough new companies to organize two new regiments and the balance of the Twelfth. The enemy again got news of my movements and came out from La Grance in force, 2,000 stong, with one battery of artillery, to break up and disperse, if not capture and destroy, the forces there to be collected. As soon as I learned of their movements I ordered my men to Cotton Grove. Here I met with Colonel Jeff. Forrest and Colonel Wilson with about 200 men each, both belonging to Colonel (now General) Roddey's command, who had just come into West Tennessee for the purpose of rectuiting and completing their regiments. Together we had about 800 men. Their men well armed, by men indifferently, about half having none at all.

Colonel Forrest's scouths had found the enemy in force, estimated at 2,000 men, near Mount Pinson, east of Jackson, moving in the direction of Swallow Bluff, on the Tennessee River. The enemy seemed to anticipate that we intended to-evacuate West Tennessee by that route, crossing at Swallow Bluff and passing into North Alabama, and their effort first appeared to be to cut us off from this line of egress. I was satisfied from the numbers of the enemy's force that he had brought from La Grande all his available mounted men, and that the line of exit from West Tennessee through the enemy's lines near La Grande was feasible. I therefore contermarched from Cotton Grove and gathered up all my men that I could then reach near the route I expected to take all my men that I could then reach near the route I expected to take, and by crossing the Forked Deer at Poplar Corner, passing

