
it, and we still have a considerable territory to fall back upon and claim as our own. You can hardly appreciate the disaster which will be brought upon our cause by the occupation of this country by the enemy. The necessities of the service we must yield to, and if the troops here are more necessary elsewhere than here we must yield to the pressure of the times, and I hope in that event we will yield cheerfully. But without a necessity, which is almost imperative, it seems to me that the troops ought not to be removed. I made these suggestions upon information that part of the troops are gone and another part held in readiness to go. It is also asserted that General Jones has been ordered clesewhere. If so, I hope the command will be given to Brigadier-General Echols, who I am sure understands our country and the means of defense much better than a tranger. I suppose, indeed, that the command in the absence of the General Jones will devolve upon him. Do not accept of his resignation yet. I have written hurriedly and I fear imperfectly, but I hope so as to be understood.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

SALM, PRICE.

[27.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 60. Bunker Hill, Va., July 16, 1863.

I. Major James Dearing, commanding battlion artillery, is relieved from further service with Colonel E. P. Alexander and will report with his battalion to Major-General.

II. Major B. F. Eshleman, commanding battalion artillery, is relieved from further service wich Major-General Pickett and will report with his battalion to Colonel E. P. Alexander.

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORREL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,July 19, 1863-11,30 a. m.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you cause the Reserve Artillery to be in readiness to move at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning for Berryville via Smithfield.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 18, 1863.

His Excellency T. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana, Shreverport, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter from A. S. Montgomery, found in the mail of a Federal steamer plying between New Berne and Nortfolk, which was captured by our troops. You will perceive that it discloses a plan for a general insurrection of the slaves in

