
[Indorsement.]

JULY 24, 1863.

Copy respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, with the request that he will consider the proposal in the last cause, in connection with the steamer of supplies on hand, and report from R. T. Wilson and Mr. Spence submetted to him a few days ago.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Substistence.

[27.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 175. Richmond, July 24, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XV. Colonel Thomas C. Singeltary will proceed with his regiment-Forty-fourth North Carolina Volunteers-from Hanover Junction to Gordonsville. He will await at the latter point orders from General R. E. Lee as to what route he shall take.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 24, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of the State of North Carolina:

DEAR SIR: A letter has just been received by the Secretary of State form one of the most distinguished citizens of your State, containing the following passage:

I have just learned that the Union or Reconstruction Party propose holding meetings throughout of State. Trouble is fact brewing here, and I fear we shall soon have open resistance to the Government, under the leadership of that reckless politician, Holden, editor of the Standard.

This is not the first intimation I have received that Holden in engaged in the treasonable purpose of exciting the people of North Carolina to resistance against their Government and co-operation with the enemy, but I have never received any definite statement of facts as to his conduct beyond the assertion that his newspaper, which I do not read, is filled with articless recommending resistance to the constituted authorities. I know not whether his hostility and that of his accoplices is derected against the Confederate Governmetn alone, or embraces that of his State; nor am I aware that he has gone so far as to render him liable to criminal prosecution. If, however, the facts stated in the extract of the letter which I have quoted be true (and the author is entitled to the fullest credit), the case is quite grave enough for me to consult with you on the subject, and to solicit form you such information and advice as you may be able to give me, for the purpose of such joint or separate action as may be proper to defeat designs fraught with great danger to our common country. I write you confidentially because there may be error or exaggeration in the reports about this man, and I would be unwilling to injure him by giving publicity to the charges if there be no foundation for them.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[27.]

