
if they were assured that they would be permitted to remain in my command. If you will allow all such who will mount themselves to remain with me, I will more than repay their old commands by conscripted recruits. It must be borne in mind that these men are wholly within the enemy's lines and cannot be withdrawn except by my command or other similar ones. To allow them to join me is to restore that much lost strength to the armies of the Confederacy. Any order or communication you may see proper to make on this subject, or any other, if addressed to me, to the care of General Ruggles at Columbus, Miss., will reach me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Commanding and Agt. of Bureau of Conscription in W. Tennessee.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 17, 1863.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the President.

Will it do to allow the deserters from the old companies within the enemy's lines to be recruited? The example is pernicious and of dangerous precedent, and yet, as the deserters are within the enemy's lines, it is probably the only chance of regaining them for the army.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 19, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The deserters must return to their proper commands before they come within the terms of the amnesty granted. After they have joined as above an application for transfer of such as could furnish cavalry horses might be entertained.

J. D.

[24.]

JULY 10-17, 1863.-Investment and Capture of Jackson, Miss.

Report of Captain Cuthbert H. Slocomb, Fifth Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.*
HDQRS. FIFTH COMPANY, BATTLN. WASHINGTON ARTY.,In the Field, July 19, 1963.

CAPTAIN: Arrived at Jackson, Miss., on the night of the 7th instant. On the 8th took position on the breast-works opposite the Lynch house. On the morning of the 9th moved to that right and left of the noon of the 11th, when the enemy appearing in strong force, occupying a hill in the immediate front about 1,700 yards distant, I moved out one piece and opened fire, throwing several [shels] amongst them with great effect. The following day, the 12th, my position was assailed by a brigade of the enemy, said to be commanded by Colonel PAGE [sic] and

See also VOL. XXIV, Part II, p. 654.

