
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, July 26, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: Your private note received, and I hasten to reply, I do not believe there is any reconstruction party in North Carolina, or that there exist any reason whatever of fear that this State will put herself in opposition to the Confederate Government. Neither does there exist any reason for taking steps against Holden, the editor of the Standard. On the contrary, it would be impolitic in the very highest degree to interfer with or his paper. I regard public sentiment and the know partriotism of our people as amply sufficient as heretofore to dispose of him should he undertake the course indicated by your informant. Two or three meetings of the people have been held, which devoted themselves mainly to the denunciation of the appointment of Major Bradford as fax collector, &amp;c. Nevertheless, I will not deny but there is a bad state of feeling here toward the Confederate Government, of which I have endeavored to make you sensible by various long communications, and which I have been unable to correct without your co-operation more cordially given than heretofore. As I cannot well explain things in a hastly letter, I have concluded to visit you and have a free conference on the state of this country. But as it is exceedingly hazardous for me to be absent from home for any length of time, I would be obliged if you would let me know when I could go up and see you to at once and return promptly. You can let me know by telegraph.

Very respectfully, and truly, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS,July 28, 1863.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: I observe in your report of inspections on the 25th and the changes in the armament of the artillery that you report a 3-inch rifle captured with the Washington Artillery. Please give me some information as tot his piece. By whom was it captured, and when? Who turned it over to the Washington Artillery? I understand the circumstances connected with the capture of the Napoleon by Major Eshleman himself. If the 3-ich rifle prove to be a legitimate capture, the number of guns brought off by us turns out to be five instead of captured by Hood's division, and now with Henry's battalion; one Napoleon, captured by Major Eshleman, and the 3-inch rifle, which is in doubt.

Very respectfully, &c.,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Culpeper Court-House, July 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General"

COLONEL: Major Eshleman captured one gun only at Gettysburg, that a 3-inch rifle. The Napoleon which he received to replace one

