HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, FIRST ARMY CORPS,Culpeper Court-House, July 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL:

COLONEL: In answer to your dispatch of yesterday afternoon I have the honor to report: First. That the injured Napoleon of the Washington Artillery was sent to the rear on the 4th of July, by order of Major Eshleman, in the reserve ordnance train of the army, under charge of Captain James M. Garnett, and it is presumed it is now in Richmond. Captain Garnett's train arrived at Gordonsville some days ago from Staunton, where it was intended to turn over the guns brought there by it. Second. The 12-pounder howitzer of Dearing's battalion was sent to the rear on the 4th of July, by order of Colonel Alexander, in Captain Garnett's train, proceeding to Staunton. Third. A 12-pounder howitzer of Alexander's battalion was sent to the rear on the 4th of July, by order of Colonel Alexander, in Captain Garnett's train, proceeding to Stanton. Fourth. The 12-pounder howitzer of the Washington Artillery was also sent to the rear on the 4th of July, by order of Major Eshleman, in the reserve ordnance train of the army (with the Napoleon of that battalion), proceeding to Staunton. Fifth. The 12-pounder howitzer of Henry's battalion was being tranported to the rear when a wheel broke down and it was abandoned on the road from Gettysburg near Fairfield. It was subsequently found by Colonel Baldwin, chief ordnance officer Army of Northern Virginia, and by him bought off in a wagon and supposed to have been sent to staunton. Sixth. The 3-inch rifle (Rome, Ga., manufacture) of Cabel's battalion was turned over to Lieutenant Walke, ordnance officer artillery First Corps, at Bunker Hill on 17th of July, and by him sent to Stanton. Seventh. A 12-pounder howitzer of Alexander's battalion was injured in action and ordered by Colonel Alexander to be abandoned on the field of Gettysburg. It was subsequently brought off the field by the ordnance train artillery First Corps and sent to Staunton. Eighth. The 3-inch rifle (Richmond make), Henry's battalion, was bursted on the 2nd of July and left upon the field. It will be seen by the foregoing that the only loss of guns by the artillery of this corps was one 3-inch rifle (Richmond make), Henry's battalion, bustred in action and abandoned on the field on the 2nd instant. All the other disasbled guns were finaly saved and sent to the rear via Staunton for Richmond.

In the hope that the report may prove satisfactory to the general commanding, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps, Commanding.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,July 31, 1863.

[General R. E. LEE:?]

GENERAL: Immediately upon the receipt of your note I ordered General Hampton's brigade (which is the most available) from the vicinity of Stevensburg to re-enforce Major Collins. He will take with him the artillery now with his brigade. He is ordered to mach at once and to inform me of the hour.

Most respectfully,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

