
considered to be the best in Grant's army, boasting that they were never repulsed before. The enemy moved down the railroad with two pieces of artillery until within 1,000 yards of our works, when they moved by the right flandk through a hollow, which concealed their further movements until they advanced in line of battle to within 175 yards, under a galling fire of shell and canister, when they broke and fled in great confusion. Our infantry dashed over the breast-works in pursuit, capturing many prisoners, but compelling us to suspend our fire. During the subsequens occupation of our position my battery fired on several occasions with good effect whenever the enemy appeared. I left our works on the night of the 16th about 9 o'clock, having fired in all 211 rounds and losing 2 horses and 1 mule. Lieutenant Vaught also had his horse killed.

Respectfully submitted.

C. H. SLOCOMB,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain E. P. GUILLET.

[24.]

AUGUST 5-9, 1863.-Expedition from Decherd, Tenn., to Nashville, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Biggs, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois (mounted) Infantry.

HDQR. 123rd REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,

Near Decherd, Tenn., August 10, 1863.

COLONEL: As directed, I took my command, starting on the evening of the 5th instant at 4 o'clock, and passing through Decher and Winchester took the Bellefonte road, encamping at Brazilton's for the night. On the 6th crossed the mountain, leaving the Bellefonte road, and descending by an almost impassable road (one over which not more than two or three wagons of any kind had ever befoe passed), struck the Paint Rock Valley at or near the head of the Hurricane Fork, encamping soon after geeting into the valley. I found the valley well populated, but nearly all males away from home, said to be in the mountains to avoid conscription or arrest for desertion. Several gave themselves up, expressing themselves as fearless of harm from the Yankees. They were released without parole. The farms here are quite small, and the inhabitants are in very destitute circumstances, and almost universally profess loyalty. On the morning of the 7th moved on down the valley a few miles, and, finding foreage for our animals, halted and fed. Gainign the maind Paint Rock Valley, moved cautiously down until near night, when my advance encontered a picket of about fifteen or twenty men two miles above Nashville. They belonged to a force represented at from 300 to 500 strong-a battalion of the Eleventh Texas-and had just arrived at the place of our meeting them, had dismounted, but had not thrown out any outpost.

We captured most of their horses and arms. The men, with the exception of one who was shot through the ankle, made their escape to the mountains. Two of my scouts were wounded. David Lefever, of Company G, was shot in the right shoulder, making a serious wound, and Robert Adkins, of Company C, was considerably bruised by a blow from the butt of a musket. I sent three companies forward as far as Nashville, where it became too dark for them to see longer, when I returned to where I could get forage and encamped. On the 8th

