
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., August 18, 1863.

Honorable G. A. HENRY,

Lexington, Va.:

SIR: The Department is much gratified to hear that you are engaged in the good work of arousing the people to the necessity of organizing for local defense. Every effort will be made to furnish arms to such organizations, but our recent heavy losses have reduced the supply at command very materially. I am making arrangements, however, to bring in late quantities from abroad, and hope to be able to meet all demands in a short time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[29.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 19, 1863.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: In the action of the 1st of July near Gettysburg, the sharpshooters of Brigadier-General Ramseur's brigade, under command of Lieutenant F. M. Harney, Fourteenth North Carolina Volunteers, dispersed the One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Regiment. That gallant officer with his own hands wrested the standard from the color-bearer of the Pennsylvania regiment and soon afterward fell mortally wounded. General Ransom, in communicating the above particulars, informed me that it was Harney's last request that the flag should be "presented in his name to the President." The wish of the dying here has been complied with. The flag is in my possession, and will be treasured by me as an honorable memento of the valor and patriotism and devotion which the soldiers of North Carolina have displayed on many hard-fought fields. I have thought it due to the lamented officer, with whose family I have not the advantage of being acquainted, to communicate these circumstances to you as the Chief Magistrate of his State, and to express through you to his State, his comrades, and his family the sincere sympathy I feel with them for the loss of one so worthy of their admiration and esteem. Such deeds illustrate a people's history, justify a people's pride, and sustain a country's hope.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[27.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 86. August 20, 1863.

In consequence of the present reduced strength of the companies of infantry and cavalry in this army, and in accordance with the decision of the War Department, no elections will be held or appointments made in future to fill the position of junior second lieutenant, when such position becomes vacant, unless specially authorized by the Secretary of War or the general commanding the department. Should such vacancies occur in companies having the full organization required and making the complement of officers allowed by law, authority will be given to fill the position if deemed expedient when application is made through the usual channels of correspondence.

