
state of things by sending immediate orders to the officers to my care at this place and to Weldon. If you wish to save North Carolina to the Confederacy, be quick.

Z. B. VANCE.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 10, 1863.

[Major B. F. ESHLEMAN:]

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you will march with the Washington Artillery for Richmond on Saturday. You will take with you such things as are necessary for field service. Your ammunition chest and whatever else your horses can be relieved of had better be sent by railroad. In regard to these you will confer with Colonel Corley. On your arrival at Richmond you will report to Colonel Walton, chief of artillery, for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]

RALEIGH, September 11, 1863.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Your order has proved unavailing. This afternoon the town was filled with soldiers, threatening murder and conflagration, and were with difficulty got back to depot. You must order their brigade commanders to remain here to preserve order. Another soldier mob in town will insure the destruction of the bridges on the road. I write my further intentions by mail.

Z. B. VANCE,

Governor.

[29.]

RALEIGH, September 11, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: This afternoon, is despite of your orders to Major Peirce, a large nunmber of infuriated soldiers from an Alabama brigade (I did not learn whose) entered the city and spread terror in their path by threatening murder and conflagration. I rode with all sepeed to the depot and got a Colonel Scruggs to march a detachment into town and restrain them before they had done any damage. They even threatened my life if I interfered with them. This thing is becoming intolerable. For sixt hours I have traveled up and down making speeches alternately to citizens and soldiers, without rest or sleep almost, engaged in the humiliating task of trying to defend the laws and peace of the State against our own bayonets. Sir, the means of stopping these outrages I leave to you. It can be easily done if the officers will but try. If not done, I shall feel it a duty which I owe to the dignity and self-respect of the first State in the Confederacy in point of the numbers and good conduct of her soldiers and all the natural resources of war to issue my proclamation recalling her troops from the field to the defense of their own homes. Already threats are loudly proclaimed of burning the

