SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY. CORPS, FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 16. Richmond, September 12, 1863.

I. Major Dearing will to-morrow morning, after mounting his chests, proceed with his battalion to the vicinity of Petersburg, selecting a camp convenient to supplies of forage and subsistence, there to remain encamped until further orders.

II. Major Henry, with the batteries of Captains Reilly, Latham, and Garden, will proceed by road to a point on the Central Railroad, near to Beaver Dam Station, selecting a camp convenient to supplies of forage and subsistence. Upon his reaching that point he will report his command to Brigadier-General Pendleton, chief of artillery, Army of Northern Virginia. The guns, horses, and equipments, complete, of Captain Bachman's battery will be turned over to Major Eshleman, Washington Artillery, upon his arrival at this point. The officers and men of that battery will remain encamped near this city until further orders.

III. The battalions of Colonel Alexander and Washington Artillery will proceed to the vicinity of Petersburg, Va., the commanding officers selecting camps convenient to supplies of forage and subsistence. They will remain there encamped until further orders.

IV. The lieutenant-general commanding urgently desires that officers and men remain habitually with their batteries; that the men be prevented from straggling about the country and absenting themselves without leave.

V. The headquarters of the artillery will remain at Richmond, where commanding officers will report until further orders.

J. B. WALTON,Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Commanding.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, FIRST CORPS,ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Richmond, Va., September 12, 1863.

Major M. W. HENRY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: So much of Special Orders, Numbers 16, of this date as directs you to proceed by road to a point on the Central Railroad, near to Beaver Dam Station, &c., is hereby countermanded, and in order to conform to the intention of the inclosed order from Brigadier-General Pendleton you will return to Fredericksburg with your command (three batteries), and upon your arrival there report to headquarters chief of artillery, Army of Northern Virginia. The remainder of the Special Orders, Numbers 16, remains in force.

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Commanding.

[29.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY. CORPS, FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 17. Richmond, September 14, 1863.

By direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Longstreet, the battalions of artillery of Colonel Alexander, Major Dearing, and the Washington Artillery, Major Eshleman will proceed by rail to Chattanooga, Tenn., or such other point as may be hereafter directed, to join the troops of

