
AUGUST 10-11, 1863.-Expedition from Memphis to Cuba, Tenn.

Report of Captain William D. Glass, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

CAMP SIXTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,

Memphis, Tenn., August 11, 1963.

COLONEL; I left this place with the Second Battalion at 10 p. m. August 10, and proceeded in the direction of Raleigh on the new Raleigh railroad. On arriving at Wolf River we found the bridge destroyed. We crossed in a flat. Half a mile the other side of the river I took a left-hand road, which led into the Memphis and Covington road two miles this side of Hatchie River. On arriving there I found the bridge destroyed. I crossed the command in a small flat. One mile the other side I took the Cuba road. On arriving at Cuba I found all things quiet and made no discoveries of the enemy, and from the best information I could get there had been none there for some time-[not] more than two or three passing. I could see no signs of any. I then turned for Memphis. Came down the road leading direct from Cuba to Memphis, crossing Hatchie and Wolf Rivers in flats, and arrived at Memphis this evening at 8 o'clock no discoveries of the enemy.

W. D. GLASS,

Captain, Commanding Second Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel R. LOOMIS,

Commanding Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

[24.]

AUGUST 16-SEPTEMBER 22, 1863.-The Chickamauga Campaign.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arthur C. Ducat, U. S. Army, Assistant Inspector-General, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with your verbal order to make a report to you, in writing, on the battle od Chickamauga, as far as concerned the orders given me to execute, adn a statement of how my time was occupied after I was cut off from you on 20th of September second day of the battle, I have the honor to briefly report as follows:

On September 17 I was ordered to proceed to Widow Morgan's house and observe the dust in a southersterly direction, adn if possible determine which way the enemy's troops were marching. I reported that the troops were marching norht, through the gap in Mission or Pigeon Ridge, on La Fayette road, by Shield's house, as far north as the cross-roads near Henderson's house, as hown on the map, but from that point whether they went north or east I could not determine, as the tree tops on the intervening ridge interfered with the view farther to my left. I afterward accompanied General Garfield to the same point of observation. On the same afternoon I was verbally ordered by you to make a reconnaissance along the west side of the Chickamauga River, from Crawfish Creek to William Matthews's house, with reference to placing the division of Major-General Palmer in position along that line. I was accompanied by General Palmer and Lieutenant

