
the cars, and went with my brigade through Raleigh. After we left Raleigh this party freely avowed themselves the authors of the deed, and claimed credit for it. They said they had led some of my men into it with them, and I have no doubt they did, but I think not many, and these merely unorganized individuals, each acting for an by himself. These things I learned from officers and men who heards the talk of the North Carolinians on the train after it left Raleigh. I learned them first at Charlotte, when the train stopped there, but the North Carolinians were then off the cars, so that I had no opportunity to question them myself. Thus, sir, you have such an account of this affair as it is in my power to give you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. BENNING,

Brigadier-General.

[29.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 29, 1863.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant,* inclosing an extract from a communication of Flag-Officer Lynch, C. S. Navy. General Whiting concurs in the opinion that there is no danger of a naval attack on Wilmington at present, but apprehends an effort to assail the place by land.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[29.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 3. October 1, 1863.

I. Lieutenant John R. Gossett is hereby announced as provost-marshal of this department.

II. Major George C. Cabell, Eighteenth Virginia Regiment, is hereby announced as provost-marshal of the city of Petersburg, and will relieve Lieutenant Hawes, the present provost-marshal of the city. Lieutenant Hawes on being relieved will report to Major Cabell for duty.

III. Colonel J. J. Phillips, commanding Ninth Virginia Regiment, will proceed with his command to Ivor Station, Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, and will there asume the duties of provost-marshal of the line of the Blackwater. All application for permission to cross the lines will be submitted to Colonel Phillips.

By command of Major General G. E. Pickett:

C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PICKETT'S DIVISION, Numbers 81. October 4, 1863.

Brigadier General Seth M. Barton having reported to these headquarters for duty, is assigned to the command of Armistead's brigade.

By command of Major General G. E. Pickett:

C. PICKETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]

---------------

*See VOL. XXIX, Part II, p. 745.

---------------

