
[Inclosure.]

NEAR FREEMAN'S FORD, ON THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

October 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General LOMAX:

SIR: The entire Yankee army is falling back. The Sixth and Third Corps started to re-enforce Rosecrans last night. They are marching to-day, and everything indicates a hurried retreat. The Eleventh Corps having been withdrawn from the railroads, its place is supplied by the cavalry picketing along the Rappahannock. This cavalry is of Gregg's division, and was drawn from the front. Their army is very much demoralized. Thousands of the conscripts have thrown away their guns, and are scattered through the country. If we only had a heavy force of cavalry here, what a strike we would make. If we only had a heavy force of cavalry here, what a strike we would make. Just opposite to me are the Yankee pickets in sight at [paper mutilated], belonging to the Fourth.

[Signature torn off.]

P. S.- They admit that they have been badly whipped in Tennessee, and that this movement is in consequence of it.

[29.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 7, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have received your letter, calling attention to the condition of Western North Carolina and asking that a regiment and a squadron of cavalry may be sent here for its protection. In reply, I have the honor to say that the Department would cheerfully furnish the additional forces if it could spare them. It is hoped the troops now operating under General Hoke in that region, together with the irregular organization constituted by the Conscript Bureau, will prove adequate to repress the deserters and tories now threatening the peace of that section of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS BUTLER'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,October 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor very respectfully to ask, in behalf of three regiments of cavalry now in General Beauregard's department, that these regiments, viz, Anderson's regiment of Georgia cavalry, Millen's battalion Georgia cavalry, and Dunovant's regiment of South Carolina cavalry, be transferred to this corps of cavalry. The above-named regiments desire very much to come. This cavalry has been organized and in the service for over twelve months. It is better armed and equipped and mounted than any cavalry in this army, and it has never yet been called upon to strike a blow in the field. It is useless for me to assign reasons for the strengthening of our cavalry in this army. It is already too well known by those high in authority that we labor

