
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 6. Petersburg, Va., October 10, 1863.

I. First Lieutenant Robert L. Bright, Fifty-third Virginia Regiment, is hereby announced to the command as acting assistant adjutant-general, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Major James F. Milligan, Independent Signal Corps, is hereby announced as chief signal officer of this department. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major General G. E. Pickett:

C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 13, 1863-3.45 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Since writing the dispatch at 3.30 p. m. I can plainly see the wagons moving toward Warrenton on the Rock Hill road from Warrenton Junction, slowly, as if following troops. I think they (the troops) are moving in the woods near the wagons. I will hear fully and positively from Captain Blackford very soon and will inform you. I requested General Fitz. Lee to look out for your front, and inform you directly, and to open this dispatch.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 13, 1863-3.30 p. m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: There is no advance toward Warrenton from the junction to-day. The enemy moved a brigade of infantry three miles from Warrenton Junction and is still there. I am pushing on toward Catlett's. From what I can learn the enemy is burning stores along the railroad, but to-day considerable camp was still at Warrenton Junction. I am now about three miles of Catlett's. Since 11 to-day a camp has been formed at Childs' place, three miles and half of Warrenton Junction, and I see from my present position a large park of wagons and fires burning in the field there. I have sent to reconnoiter. I think the enemy is formed to cover attack probably till dark. I will find out all I can and strike if an opportunity offers. Blackford sees a column of infantry passing near the woods at the wagons, going toward the junction. He is going to get a closer look. I believe you can reach the rear if Hill is up. I fear Fitz. Lee will hardly close up to Catlett's before dark.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[29.]

OCTOBER 13, 1863.

Major General FITZ. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Stuart directs me to say that he is very anxious to get to Catlett's Station in time to do something before dark. He

