
railroad, and hopes that some such arrangement may be made hereafter, but at present all supplies for this army are sent to Orange Court-House. He hopes that the supplies you draw from that point, together with those you may be able to obtain from the country in which you are located, will be sufficient to sustain your horses, but it will require the utmost exertions of both officers and men to keep the horses serviceable under the privations which they are at present compelled to endure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES MOUTH OF CAPE FEAR RIVER, Numbers 1. Smithville, N. C., November 11, 1863.

I. In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 332, from headquarters Defenses Wilmington, the undersigned assumes command of the fortifications and troops defending the harbor and mouth of the river, including Fort Anderson.

II. Lieutenant John S. Fairly is temporarily assigned to the duties of assistant adjutant-general, and all official communications to these headquarters will come to him.

* * * * *

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

[29.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 12, 1863.

Major-General HAMPTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Stuart directs me to say that if the force reported by General Rosser near Germanna turns out to be cavalry, which is probable, they may intend to make a raid upon the railroad in our rear. He desires you, should this occur, to move at once after the enemy, and if they get the start of you, to pursue as rapidly as possible, sending information in to him, that the other division may follow. If necessary to make such a move, leave the necessary pickets on your front. The corps commissary has been ordered to place three days' rations, hard bread and bacon, in the hands of your commissaries, to be kept for such a contingency. He deems it unnecessary to remind you how important it is to ascertain the real character of the force mentioned by General Rosser, and whether menacing in its attitude or not, and whether it is cavalry or infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 12, 1863-5 p. m.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Hampton's Division:

GENERAL: General Stuart directs me to say in reply to your note of 11.30 a. m., just received, that you can always probably receive daily an

