
and six men in each place, two men to be mounted, the others dismounted. He also directs that particular attention be paid to the cars.

In consideration of great respect, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. RYALS,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS ROSSER'S BRIGADE,November 14, 1863.

Major T. G. BARKER:

MAJOR: Captain Chew's battery has just been ordered to return to its battalion by General Stuart, and it has gone, leaving me without artillery. Forage is exceedingly scarce in this neighborhood, and unless I can receive my supplies by rail I will be compelled to move back nearer Orange Court-House. The citizens are complaining bitterly of me for taking their forage, but I can't avoid it, and in many cases I have to promise to pay in kind, which will be impossible unless corn is sent me be rail. My picket-line is very long, and I have to send forage from my camp to the picket, which makes it very inconvenient inasmuch as I have no shelled corn. I hope that some arrangements will be made to furnish me commissary stores at a nearer point than Orange Court-House. My scouts are active on the other side of the river, and report no enemy south of Hartwood, and in small force there.

I am, major, yours, &amp;c.,

THOS. L. ROSSER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 14, 1863.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: General Lee desires me to notify you that General Ewell has been instructed to withdraw the brigade which General Rodes has in the lines in the rear of Morton's Ford. This will leave the river bare of pickets up to Raccoon Ford. He wishes you to picket from Raccoon Ford down with cavalry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. VENABLE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[29.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 22, 1863.

General HAMPTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Stuart directs me to say that he is apprehensive lest General Young may have misunderstood your orders, as he informed him to-day that he (Young) would move to-morrow to the vicinity of Tolersville. The vicinity of Twyman's Store was the locality where General Stuart desired the brigades to be stationed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]

