
road, enar Wilderness Tavern, in the direction of Orange Court-House. In conseuqnce of the guards being heavy I was unable to secure and bring away more than 15 or 20 wagons and about 150 mules, with the harness, and about the same number of prisoners. There were several commissioned officers, all of whom I have sent to a safe place in the rear. I will continue to hang upon the rear of the enemy and do them all the damage I can.

T. L. ROSSER,

Brigadier-General.

[29.]

CATHARPIN ROAD,

November 28, [1863]-12 m.

General STUART, or

General LEE:

GENERAL: General Rosser reports that one of this scouts went up the plank road an hour before dayligth to within half a mile of the Winderness Tavern. There was no evidence of the enemy's falling back. They were slaugthering cattle there. Other scouts are now in the lines of the enemy. Cavalry in some force came past White Hall last night, but returned toward the plank road. Infantry are in my front as far to my right as a mile and a half this side of the plank road. No cavalry is in sight. There are here no indications of a movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS,Morton's House, November 28, 1863-10 a. m.

General R. E. LEE, or

Major-General STUART:

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry still remain in force in my front at Raccoon Ford and have crossed to this side of the river at Morton's Ford, but have as yet shown no disposition to advance. I will communicate with General Early. Some of the enemy's cavalry were reported yesterday evening at Barnett's Ford, and I have strengthened the picket there and have not heard from them this morning. I have the river picketed from Barnett's Ford to Morton's, and will try and look out for any movement on our left and rear. Captain Chew's battery reported this morning, which gives me ten guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[29.]

PETERSBURG, November 28, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Whiting has sent a regiment to Goldsborough. Will your order the Fifty-sixth North Carolina back from Western North Carolina? I wish to bring at least a couple of Ransom's regiments to this point at once. Please answer.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

[29.]

