
I soon after sent you the following dispatch from General Negley's headquarters, on Cove road, one mile and a half from Crawfish Spring, south:

GENERAL: General Sheridan is up. General McCook is closing up his left. I am of opinion that the firing on General Negley's front is a demonstration to attract your attention from another point. Although General Beatty has twice asked for re-enforcements, I think he is all right. While he has nothing hurt and to regular musketry firing yet I cannot see it. As soon as General McCook has established headquarters, I will sent you word, or join you, with information. General McCook and self have examined the ground where his right will rest, and will now select position for troops. The firing on General Negley's front has ceased.

General McCook established his headquarters on the high ground and in the rear of Gordon's Mils. Immediately after I sent you the following dispatch at 2,15 p. m.:

GENERAL: General McCook had heard of the movement of Wood to the left from a staff officer. Anticipating your order he ordered Sheridan forward to hold the position occupied by Wood. General Negley has been ordered up from his position by General McCook (from his position beyond Crawfish Spring) and a staff officer sent to conduct him. General McCook will retain General Negley here until further orders, as this is the key the right, as the fight is now.

I then joinded you at your headquarters at Widow Glenn's house, and reported. You then ordered me to bring General Negley up. I asked where you wanted him in. You instructed me to have two brigades go to the left from the house and one to the right. I brought General Negley to you in advance of the head of his column, and he received his instructions from you in person and went into action. I then assisted as aide to you at headquarters. On the morning of the 20th I rode the lines with you from right to left and from left to right, and assistend in dispositions. Shortly after the battle opened I was ordered to carry an order to General Davis, to form his brigades into close column, doubned on the center. I then carried a similar order to General Van Cleve. I then carried an order to General Van Cleve to move his division down the side of the hiss to its foot, as they were exposed to artillery where they were. I then carried an order for General Van Cleve to engage the enemy, and was instructed ommanding as to the exact point at which they should go in. They went in as directed on the right and supporting Stanley's brigade of Negley's division. About thirty minutes after General Van Cleve became engaged, the general commanding ordered me to bring up all the reserves and all of General McCook's troops, and support the right of the troops then engaged. I went off on the gallop, accompanied by Captain A. S. Burt, acting assistant inspector-general. About the Widow Glenn's house I wheeled in to the left and saw the enemy advancing in force through the corn-field in front and the woods. At this time I got the impresssion that the enemy had attacked in the oblique ordered, heavily re-enforced on his right, for his left was swinging round and advancing in echelon, and I was struck with their good order and left they were troops that had where I knew engaged on that day. I rode rapidly toward the hil where I knew General McCook's headquarters had been. I met two brigades of his corps (Bradley; s and Lytle's) at the foot of the hill at Widow Glenn's house and marching by the flank. At this time the fire of musketry from the corn-field was hot. I ordered the troops to double-quick, and they obey promptly, and went rapidly down the road toward the left. I proceeded with them, when the enemy came so near, and the fire became so warm, that I shouted the order "Halt! Front! Forward, march!"

