
They advanced nearly to the edge of the corn-field and were at once engaged by a much superior line of infantry, with a strong line taking position in its rear. I found a battery that had been following in the rear of those two brigades (I think it was Hescock's, but I saw no officer.) I placed it in position at the Widow Glenn's house, and immediately on the right of the two brigades before mentioned. This battery opened rapidly on the enemy and with fine effect. At this time the enemy's fire of musketry was very heavy. In all this I was ably assisted by Captain Burt and my orderly, Private Thornton, Fourth U. S. Cavalry. I dispatched Captain Burt to bring Wilder's mounted infantry to support this battery, for I knew it to be the only artillery at this point. At this time the head of a rebel column showed itself on the right of the battery. I am of opinion that this was a brigade, or two, in close column, for they deployed rapidly into line, showing considerable force, and openedat short range. The battery gave them two shots before they deployed. After this line began firing the infantry of the left began to break to the rear, and the fire on the battery was so great than the men and horses suffered much. They attempted to limber to the rear, and get off with the infantry, but failed to get away all their guns-I am certain two, and I think three. I was again joined by Captain Burt. At this time I saw the general commanding, General Garfield, and Major McMichael trying to rally the infantry on the ridge. They rode toward the left, and I, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Hodges, Captain Brut, and Lieutenant Field, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, made two attempts to form a line of infantry, but without success. The men would not stand. I saw General McCook and staff some distance to the rear and joinded them. I asked General McCook what he intended to do. He said he would rally the troops, and kept rapidly going west to select a place for that purpose. I rode a short distance with him and concluded to return. Rode down the ridge until there were none of our troops between us and the enemy. I turned again to the rear and saw the general's staff and escort on the hill toward my right, and joined them. I asked what was to be done. Colonel Goddard, assistant adjutant-general, informaed me that he was going to Rossville. I asked for the general commanding, and could get no information further than he was toward the left. I sent Captain Drouillard to order some prisoners to the rear, and called the attention of Captain Porter and Colonel Barnett to care of ammunition trains on our right. I proceeded with the staff to the first open space at the forks of the roads marked on the map # x G. McFarland's house. Here I again advised with Colonel Goddard, assistant adjutant-general. He replied that he was going to Rossville, that General Garfield was there. I then resolved to go no farther, but make a stand and rally of the army at this point, the only available place I had seen, and cover the retreat of our trains, artillery, and ammunition.

At this point the troops and trains were steaming into the road in the open space. I called for volunteers to stay with me from the general's staff, and was joined by Captain Burt, Lieuts. William Porter, James Reynolds, Randall, and Captain Hill. I then ordered Captain Garner, of the escort, to deploy his cavalry, with his flanks in the woods, to stop all men armed, and send them to the line we were forming. With the assistance of the above-named officers we had a strong regiment in a few minutes. I was hard work to make the men fall in at first, but after we had about 1,000 men they did so cheerfully. We stopped infantry officers and made them form companies. At this time

