
in. Meantime the head of my column having approached the ford of a small steam, was halted, and, in compliance with orders, formed line of battle on the left of the road, the right resting on the road so as to cover the ford, the left by a deployment reaching one-qarter of a mile to another road to prevent a flank movement of the enemy. Here my command bivouacked for the night undisturbed. A little before morning of the following day I was ordered to fall back about half a mile, which I did in good order.

On the afternoon of Saturday (19th instant) the Fortieth Ohio and Eighty-fourth Indiana with a section of Eighteenth Ohio Battery became engaged with the enemy upon or near the ground occupied the previous evening. My regiment was ordered to advance to the support of the Fortieth Ohio Volunteers, which was being hard pressed by the enemy advancign in force. I moved rapidly down the road, and fortunately reached the scene of acition in time to form line of battle, cover the retreat of the Fortieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and check the advancing foe. Here the engagement was quite spirited, but short the enemy falling back almost as soon as my command opened on them. Knowing they were in force, and suspecting a flank movement, I fell back some fifty yards and commanded my men to lie down and wait their further movements. Here I received orders to fal back. I brought my men off the field in unbroken line of battle back nearly to the same ground occupied before making the charge. In this engagement my command behaved nobly. Here ended our labors for that day. I lost 4 men wounded and 1 captured in consequence of his remaining behind with his wounded brogher. All the wounded were brought into camp and were provided for.

On the morning of 20th instant my regiment was placed in front and on the extreme right of all the forces in the vicinity of McAfee Church, now increased by the arrival of Second Brigade, First Division, the Twenty-second Michigan and Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Second Brigade, Second Division, Reserve Corps, under command of Brigadier-General Steedman, and were awaiting an expected attack of the enemy. About 11 a. m. this whole force was ordered toward the Fayetteville [La Fayette] road to re-enforce Fourteenth Army Corps, which, with detachments of Twentieth and Twenty-first Army Crops, were being hard pressed by the enemy, who had massed his forces on either side of the Fayetteville [La Fayette] road. The available force of the Reserve Corps moved off in fine order and good spirits at quick time and eager to engage the enemy. Arriving on the contrested ground it was ascertained that a heavy force was forming on the extreme right of General Thomas with a view of turning his right and cutting him off from Chattanooga. With singular skill and precision the First Division, Reserve Corps, under command of General Steedman, was thrown upon the extreme right just at the time and on the precise ground where most needed. In passing to this position along an open field our forces were subjected to a heavy cross fire from a battery on our left, east of the Fayetteville [La Fayette] road. Here fell Captain S. M. Hucktep, of Company D, this regiment, severely wounded in the thigh; my orderly, riding near me, was also wounded, and a private of Company A. From this position so opportunely chosen the whole division simultaneously charged the rebel lines and handsomely drove them form the contiguous hills. My regiment moved forward in the front line of battle with the Ninety-sixth Illinois Infantry on my right and the Twenty-second Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry on my left. Here my regiment suffered

