
severely in both killed and wounded. Here fell Lieutenant Colonel William Kinman, a brave and gallant officer, calmly and fearlessly cheering on the battle. Being hard pressed and much fatigued in conneciton with the front line, I caused my regiment to fall back and again form in the rear of the second line. This done, I again charged to the crest of the hill. The second time fell back and reformed and again charged up the gill, but farther to the right, as the enemy had still persisted in attempting to turn our right flank. In this charge my command suffered more severely than at any other, and fought until their ammunition was exhausted. They then sought the cartidge-boxes of wounded and dead and continued to hold their position on the hill till I received the order to retire. The enemy, however, seems to have been so severely punished at not to venture anything like a forward movement.

I have to say that the officer and men under my command behaved most gallantly. My aggregate loss is 168 killed, wounded, and missing. The missing, with the exception of two or three, are supposed to be killed. The engagement which my command participated in on Sundya (20th instant) commenced about 1 p. m. and continued till about 6 p. m., during all which time my men were under fire with the exceptions or short intervals occupied in changing position. I wish in conclusion to testify that the conduct of the general officers in command was in the highest sense heroic. Herewith please find a list of commissioned officers killed and wounded: Killed-Lieutenant Colonel William Kinman; Captain Stephen B. Espy (staff of General Whitaker), Company G. Wounded-First Lieutenant Jesse Hanon (staff of General Whitaker), Company A; First Lieutenant E. D. Steen, Company B; Captain Stephen M. Huckstep, Company D; Second Lieutenant I. H. C. Royse, Company E; Second Lieutenant David Reed, Company F; Second Lieutenant Stephen K. Hatfield, Company H; First Lieutenant Sylvester Baley, Company K. The number of enlisted men in action on the 19th and 20th was 390 to 400; of officers of field, staff, and line, 27.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE H. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding 115th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

ASST. ADJT. General, FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,

RESERVE CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

[30.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harrison C. Hobart, Twenty-first Wisconsin Infantry.

GEORGIA, April -, 1864.

GENERAL: I forward the following report of the Twenty-first Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Chickamauga:

Colonel B. J. Sweet having been disabled at the battle of Perryville, the Twenty-first Wisconsin Infantry thereafter has continued under the command of Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Hobart. This regiment, in the Second Brigade (Starkweather's) of the First Division (Baird's) of the Fourteenth Army Corps, participated in all the movements of that division in General Rosecraus' advance from Murfreesborough, by the way of Hoover's Gap, Manchester, Tullahoma, Elk River, Decherd, Cowan's Station, to Stevenson. At this point Lieutenant-Colonel Hobart was appointed by General Rosecrans upon a board for the examination of officers desiring to be assigned to the command of colored troops. On

