
both civil and military-sufficient proof. But proof of this, direct and positive, was given in the refusal to reappoint R. P. Dick, esq., district attorney under the late United Staes Government, for the avowed reason that he "was slow to leave the old Government." A majority of 40,000 were quite as laggard ad Mr. Dick, and among them the writer is not ashamed to calss himself.

If these facts taken together do not constitute a class of "suspicion" against the great body of our people, I am unable to conceive what would. In a long letter which I addressed Your Excellency in October, 1862, I earnestly endeavored to impress this idea upon you. I afterward followed it up still more earnestly on the two occasions when I had the honor to visit you in Richmond, and when (on the last visit especially) I was so anxious to gene you a true insight into the condition of North Carolina, to candidly state the causes and suggest the remedy, that I feared you would consider me importunate if not discourteous. To add the weight of action to the assurances I gave you of my desire to ignore party feeling, a considerable majority of the recommendations for office, both civil and military, which I have made to you have been for my heretofore political enemies. In reference to my remarks about the outrages of the military upon the citizens, you desire to know why the complaints are on my files in Raleigh, instead of being forwarded to Richmond, and assert that no complaint has been made to you of such a character without redress being granted when possible. I reply that I have sent up to the Secretary of War's office many complaints of wrong and outrage and, to my knowledge, no case whatever has ever been redressed. Others having been referedd to the general commanding instead of the War Department, after going through the circumlocution of military reference for several weeks, perhaps months, are finally "respectfully returned to Governor Vance for his information," that is to say, the matter stopped in the acceptance of the story of the ac full exculpation from all accusation. Hence my office becomes piled up with these unavailing complatints. One or two instances where unavailing complaint was made to headquarters will suffice for explanation. Some time last year a company of cavalry went into Tyrrell County, in this State, and stole (for thy were not authorized to impress, and made no attempt to do so under the law) a lot of horses from owners who actually had them in the plow. The poor farmers thus robbed put their menas together and employed a neighbor by the name of Lewis to go to Richmond to get the horses back or pay for them. Lewis was paid for the horses by a lodgment in Castle Thunder upon an accusation by the men who had the horses.

In the winter of 1862-63 a squad of cavalry were sent into Cherokee County, N. C., by Colonel Lee, of Atlanta, Ga. They seized a number of old citizens beyond the age of conscription-one of them at least not under sixty years-chained them together like galley slaves, and drove them before their horses 120 miles to Atlanta. Then they were thrown into prison and told that they could volunteer in the army or remain in prison during the war. Upon my earnest remonstrance they were finally liberated. Was that wrong redressed? Was anybody prunished for that outrage? The Fifty-sixth Regiment North Carolina Troops was lately sent to Wilkes County to arrest deserters and conscripts in a section where some disorders existed and some disloyalty had been manifested. On my recent visit there complaint by loyal citizens of most outrageous conduct was made to me. Whole districts were represented to have been robbed and the inhabitants reduced to

