
purpose of keeping command of an even section of the Mississippi River. Had you succeeded, none would have blamed; had you not made the attempt, few, if any, would have defended your course. If it has not since been found expedient to place you in command of a corps, it has not been that I regarded you as unequal to such position, but because of considerations which I could not control. Your devotion to our county's cause has enabled you to rise above personal and professional pride, and in the manner you have borne disappointment, I find proof of the injustice of the prejudice which has existed against you, and sincerely hope you rightly believe it is subsiding.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to inclose for your information a copy of the instructions to Lieutenant Wilkinson, referred to in my letter of the 5th instant, and to ask that such instructions be given to the military atuhorities at Wilmington as will best secure their aid in this important work. I renew my request for a transfer of such men as may be required, not exceeding seventy.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 13, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Give the requisite orders, only there should be the detail, not transfer, of the men (not exceeding seventy).

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 11, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN WILKINSON, S. S. Navy,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You are detailed for special duty under the immediate orders of this Department at Wilmington, N. C., and on the Cape Fear River and its entrances. You will without delay establish and preserve in operation such lights at Bald Head, the Mound, and at other places as in your judgment will best aid trading vessels to enter and depart from the Capte Fear River. In connection with this subject you will establish day and night signals and sailing directions for all such vessels; determine from time to tiem any changes in the depth of water of the entrances; examne the qualifications of pilots and give them certificates of such examinations. You will also exercise such a general supervisin over vessels engaged in trade, and on board of which cotton is being shipped, as will enable you to determine whether in character and condition, as well of the vessel as of the officers and crew, they justify the shipment by them of Government cotton. You will also establish such port regulations necessary to facilitate and exclusively

