
connected with the exportation of cotton and importation of Government supplies, and not inconsistent with the rights of the State of North Carolina, as you may deem necessary. Your duties are very important, and you will on all proper occasions invite the cordial co-operation of the military authorites in command. You will be allowed a writer at a fair per diem compensation, and will keep a log or record of your proceedings, embracing all arrivals and departures, wrecks, movements of the enemy, and other matters of public interest immediately connected with your duties, reporting to and corresponding with this Department.

In addition to the duties before mentioned, you will procure boats and will render such aid in saving life and Government stores from stranded vessels as your means and opportunities may admit. To aid in the execution of these duties, I have requested the Secretary of War to order a transfer of such men as you may require from the military force at or near Wilmington: and I have supposed that twenty men for your lights and signals and fifty for other duty would meet your wants, and you will designate the men you require. The agent of this Department at Wilmington will import for you oil and such other necessary articles as you may need and as you may not be able to procure in the Confederacy, and you are requested to enter upon your duties at once, prosecute them with vigor, and promptly to call upon the Department for all the necessary aid. Vessels departing from Willmington will carry out at least half their cargo on Government account, and hence the importance of facilitating them in every possible manner, and of seeing that this cargo is not embarked in inefficient carriers, whether inefficient form the character of the vessel, officers, or crew. You will, of course, confer freely with the military authorities, do all in your power to secure harmony of action, especially on the subject of lights and signals, and guard against the use or abuse of them by the enemy. On your arrival at Wilmington you will exhibit your instructions to the military officers in command.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[33.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., March 14, 1864.

Generaltant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions, I submit statements showing the organization of the cavalry of General Beauregard and of the division of Major-General Hampton. I would also beg leave to submit papers S 342 and Y 9* and Y 94,+ in reference to the policy of transferring fresh cavalry from South Carolina and the depleted South Carolina cavalry now in General Lee's army to the coast of South Carolina to remount and recrujit. These two regiment cannot now mount more than 300 men. While they continue in virginia they cannot procure fresh horses in sufficient numbers for efficientcy, and will fail to procure the conscripst to which they are entitled. A service of three months on the coast will fill up their ranks, mount them, and render them as full and complete as the regiments now on the coast. Meantime they can answer every necessary purpose on the coast while dis-

---------------

* Young to McClellan, February 10, 1864, VOL. XXXIII, p. 1153.

---------------

+ Young to Cooper, October 8, 1863, ante.

