
the 29th of August, 1863, the regiment moved with the brigade to Bridgeport, and was engaged in picketing the norhtern shore of the Tennessee River On the 4th of September, crossed the river in General Thomas' command, and from the south shore immediately ascended and passed over two precipitous mountain ranges, the men engaged in guarding and moving transportation over the most formidable and dangerour obstacles of mountain and defile. On the 11th advanced from Steven's Gap to Dug Gap in BAird's command to support Negley, who was seriously confronted by a large force of the enemy. After sharp skirmishing the division successfully retired to our lines at the foot of the mountain. In this affair the Twenty-first, at the extreme front, was nearly surrounded, but succeeded in extricating itself without the loss of man. On the 18th, each man having received sixty rounds of ammuniton, commenced a march through the thick woods down the valley of the Chickamauga, and the Second Brigade was in the front in the all-night rapid march to obtain possession of the La Fayette road leading through Rossville to Chattanooga.

Thir road was reached at sunrise the morning of the 19th, and the Twenty-first, with the other regiments of the brigade halted and went into line to the right of the road. At 9 a. m. the First and Third Brigades of Baird moved to the front into the woods toward the river; the Second followed in reserve. The advance meeting the enemy bacame hotly engaged. The Third [First] Brigade (Scribner's) was forced back and the Second took its place. This brigade, after a sharp conflict, commenced going to the rear. The enemy captured the Fourth Indiana Battery. Johnston, of McCook's corps, coming up on the right, the battery was recaptrured, and the Twenty-first Regiment, the last of the Second Brigade to fall back, assisted in bringing the guns off the field. After 6 in the evening participated with the rest of Baird's men in the sucessful resistance to a heavy assault of the enemy, when the aim was determined by the flash of the guns. This continued so late that the brigade did not reach its bivouac until after 11 at night, after more than forty hours of marching and fighting, without rest or sleep. On the 20th of September (Sunday), the second day of the battle of Chickamauga, the Twenty-first Regiment was placed on the right of the Second Brigade and the extreme right of Baird's division in line of battle. The men constructed light breast-works. About 9 a. m. the enemy made a firious assault on the entire front, but was repulsed at every point. The fighting was terrific. Heavy limbs of trees fell around, cut off by solid shot. During the day repeated attacks were made upon this part of the line with heavy force, but not part of it was broken. About 3. p. m. General Baird directed his division to fall back, but the order of that distinguished officer never reached the Twenty-first Regiment. The lieutenant-colonel commanding, observing that the officers of the other regiments were gone, ordered his men, the last to leave the front line, to fall back. In doing so they were fired upon by the enemy from the right rear by two pieces of artillery. The order was then given to make a rapid retreat to the left rear. In this attempt, while endeavoring to cut their way through, Lieutenant-Colonel Hobart and about fifty officers and men were captured. The officers were taken to Libby Prison, Richmond; the men were taken to prisons Belle Isle, Salisbury, and Andersonville. The 9th of February, 1864, Lieutenant-Colonel Hobart, with others, made a successful escape through a tunnel from Libby Prison and returned to his regiment, then in camp on Lookout Mountain. The killed, wounded, and missing of

