
the Twenty-first Wiscousin in the battle of Chickamauga, about seventy-five officers and men. I desire to speak in the highest terms of the patience, endurance, good conduct, and bravery of the regiment during the battle.

Very respectfully,

H. C. HOBART,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Regiment Wis. VOL. Infantry.

ABSALOM BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

[30.]

Report of Major Felix H. Robertson C. S. Army, commanding Reserve Artillery.

CAMP RESERVE ARTILLERY,

October 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: During the engagement with the enemy in the vicinity of Chickamauga Creek my command was not at any time engaged as a battalion. I therefore have no other report to make thatn the forwarding of captain's reports. There does not appear to be any cause for censure of Captain Lumsed for the loss of the Napoleon gun. All was done to bring it away that was in Captain Lumsden's power. The attention of the commanding general is called to the praiseworthy conduct of Lieutenant C. H. Smith, Havis' battery, who, with the ordinary battery tools, made a trail for a Napoleon gun carriage, to replace the broken trail in Captain Havis' battery. My thanks are due to Lieutenant Cox, adjutant, and Lieutenant Bruton, inspector of the battalion; Captain J. L. Moore, assistant quartermaster, and to Asst. Surg. F. A. Toomer, for the discharge of their respective duties. I was obliged to call upon Sergeant-Major Searcy at times, and found him energetic and brave. The ordnance sergeant, R. F. Mann, render waluable service in taking from the field captured artillery.

Respectfully submitted.

F. H. ROBERTSON,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain SIMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]

Report of Captain Overton W. Barret, Missouri Battery (Confederate).

MISSOURI BATTERY, RESERVE ARTILLERY,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 2, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during the battle of Saturday, 19th of September, my battery was not engaged. In the afternoon of that day I was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding a brigade in Cheatham's division, Polk's corps, and in obedience to his order took position in line of battle, one section being in the center and one on the left of his brigade. On Sunday, Cheatham's division was moved farther to the right, and in the afternoon my battery followed the brigade in the final charge, keeping in the rear of the center until the woods became so thick and the hills so precipitous as to render

