
Randolph for another. I suppose there will be no difficulty about it. I willd irect the courier to go through as quickly as possible, though he will have the riverto swim. Will you do me the favor to ask Major McClellan to keep my letters until I send for them.

I am, very truly, yours, most respectfully,

CHANNING M. SMITH.

Inclosed are some stamps for Major Venable.

[33.]

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, April 11, 1864.

(Received 12th.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Direct supplies for Longstreet be diverted to Charlottesville. Please answer.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[32 and 33.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, April 11, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: At the date of your letter of the 7th,* which was replied to partially on 8th, you were not aware of the moving of Longstreet's command to re-enforce you. After consulting with the President, it is now respectfully submitted that you might defer for the present the recall to you of Johnston's and Hoke's brigades, especially as the latter is about being employed in an important expedition which may add materially to our sources of supply for the subsistence of your command.

I am, general, very truly, &amp;c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[33.]

APRIL 11, 1864.

[General J. E. B. STUART:]

GENERAL: I have just returned from the vicinity of Alexandria. I went down under the impression that several corps had come up the railroad to the Army of the Potomac, but I could hear nothing to justify me in the belief, and I am now forced to think that the only troops who have been sent over the railroad are recruits and old men who have been guarding the State of Maryland, the District of Columbia, and fortifications around Alexandria, and perhaps some who have been guarding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in Virginia. Colonel Mosby reports the return at night of a good many troops. The report is correct, but I do not attribute it to a change of base at all, but my notion is that it is only the re-enlisted men, and those who have been ordered to report in Washington to the Invalid Corps. Just about the time that Colonel Mosby was on the road I was there, too, and knew of a recent order which demanded that all men unfit for active service should at once go to the rear. I cannot think that General Grant will take away men fromCulpeper, for it is well known that his army there cannot exceed 60,000 of all arms, and while it is evident that a large

---------------

*See VOL. XXXIII, p. 1265.

---------------

