
army is to be sent to the Peninsula, it is also evident that a very strong force is to be kept in front of our army. The force in Culpeper is none too strong now. Why did General take men from this point? Is it that he wants to send others in their places? That kind of strategy don't pay. I don't believe that Eleventh and Twelfth Corps have ever left the West. They have never passed this point, at any rate. The Eighth Corps I can learn nothing in the world of. I can hear nothing satisfactory from Alexandria, and I think that I will have to cross the Potomac and go to the Relay House. It will take about ten days. From what you say I suppose that you have started couriers to me, but they have never reported for duty and I know nothing of them. I have but one man (McGuire). Eternal vigilance shall be my motto.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. FRANKLIN.

P. S.-Some one has been kind enough to let all the citizens in this county know of the exact position of our re-enforcements. I heard it as coming from and officer in Eighth Virginia Infantry, who is at home. Please send some writing paper, &amp;c.

[33.]

MONDAY, April 11, 1864-4 a. m.

Major-General STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have just returned from a scout in Fairfax. Think I have obtained the information you desire concerning Grant. No re-enforcements, as far as I can learn, have gone to the Army of the Potomac, but the enemy is attempting to impress that idea on the citizens. During the whole of last week the trains were carrying down infantry and artillery. A large number of wagons have been carried on the cars. The troops brought from the West, as well as those from Meade, have gone to Annapolis. A good many of the troops belonging to the defenses at Washington have been taken away and the Veteran Invalid Corps substituted. Some negro troops have been sent to the Valley, but I think they are merely intended to answer the double purpose of a demonstration and a guard for the railroad. I will send you another dispatch Wednesday. I will then be able to give you more details. I think you had better have a courier wait for it at Little Washington. You may place the most implicit reliance in this information.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

John S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

It is understood in Washington that the troops at Annapolis are destined for Butler's department. I wrote a letter some time since to the Secretary of War recommending Lieutenant Richards for the vacancy in the captaincy of one of my companies. I sent it to your headquarters to beforwarded, but have never heard anything from it. I am, very much in need of him. Wish you would have it attended to.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 12, 1864-6 a. m.

Respectfully forwarded for the commanding general's information. I think Mosby's statement must be correct.

J. E. B. STUART.

[33.]

