
farther progress of the battle impossible. I would state that I was then within a few hundred yards of the enemy's breast-works, and all the batteries of the division had been ordered to halt. The battery did not fire a shot during the battle. One corporal (the guidon) was the only loss sustained. He is missing. I sent him back to Alexander's Bridge on Friday night (18th0 to bring up the forage wagons with corn for the battery horses, and he never returned, nor have I ever heard anything from him. As the bridge was burned that night by the enemy, I suppose him to have been captured by that party of the enemy who burned the bridge. His name was John D. Murtaugh.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. BARRET,

Captain, Commanding Missouri Batteryl.

[Major FELIX H. ROBERTSON.]

[30.]

SEPTEMBER 30-OCTOBER 1863.-Wheeler and Roddey's Raid on Rosecran's communications.

Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division.*
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, Tenn., October 23, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command in the pursuit after Wheeler and his forces after the fight at Anderson's Cross-Roads:

On the night of the 3rd instant the general commanding the corps and staff arrived from Chattanooga and ordered us to be in readiness to move at daylight on the following morning. October 4, crossed the mountain in the direction of McMinnville, marching until 12 o'clock at night and starting again at 2, October 5, passed through McMinnville, and at 11 p. m. bivouacked within six miles of Murfreesborugh.

October 6, went into Murfreesborough, halted long enough to supply the command with four days's rations, and then marched on the Shelbyville road; bivouacked one mile south of Guy's Gap. October 7, marched at 9 a. m. to Unionville; thence to Columbia road, crossing Duck River; bivouacked at Lynch's house. October 8, marched at daylight, recrossing Duck River; went to Caney Spring; thence on the Lewisburg road eight miles south of Cornesville, where we bivoacked at 10 p. m. October 9, marched at 5 a. m., passing through Pulaski and taking the Lamb's Ferry road, learning that the enemy were endeavoring to cross at that point. Reached Rogersville, four miles from the ferry, at 9 p. m., and learning from General Crook's division, who had been in advance of mine, that the enemy had succeeded in crossing the Tennessee, bivouacked at Rogersville until 2 p. m. of the 10th, then marched to Coleman's and encamped. October 11, marched at 5,30 a. m. through Athens to Limestone River and encamped. October 12, marched at 5,30 a. m., arriving at Huntsville at 1 p. m. Started from Huntsville on Bellefonte road, but information having been received by General Mitchell that Roddey, with a

---------------

* See also VOL. XXX, Part II, pp. 675 and 819.

---------------

