
but I must warn you of the evil resulting from exaggerated or unreliable reports. Some of your agents are certainly amenable to this charge. The reportsk sent recently are so contradictory as to render them all useless, if not injurious. Martin's brigade was reported leaving Wilmington on 14th instant and ought tobe at Weldon. Hoke's command will be in position to act upon any force moving on Weldon, Petersburg, or Goldsborough, provided your information only indicates the real position of the enemy. The gun-boat will move in conjunction with Hoke.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[33.]

WILMINGTON, April 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Fourteen hundred left yesterday. Rest go to-day.

[33.]

W. H. C. WHITING.

APRIL 16, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: A sergeant of the Thirty-ninth New York came over to-day. His statement are that the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps have gone to Annapolis; that the impression prevails thatGrant isto maneuver us out of position without hard fighting; that there is much dissatisfaction among the old men, very few of whom re-enlist. One couse of discontent he states to be in many cases, like his own, viz, that the Thirty-eighth was discharged and the officers went to New York and enlisted six new companies, which were consolidated with his, the Thirty-ninth, very much to their annoyance. That five deserted with him, four trying to go North, and he, having acquaintances, came South. He is a printer and wants work. He says the impression prevails that we conscript in the army or on the fortifications all deserters; that if they thought we would give them work they would come over in swarms. If you would write a few lines I wuld have them printed and disseminated. He confirms the statement about sutlers leaving on the 16th. He is ordered to Major Bridgford, the provost-marshal at Orange Court-House. Nothing new to be seen.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-He (the deserter) speaks of the Ninthand Twenty-second Corps having come up; that the artillery hasbeen brought forward from Stevensburg in line toward Pony Mountain.

R. S. E.,

Lieutenant-General.

[33.]

RICHMOND, April 17, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: I inclose a slip communicating intelligence from a secret agent north of the Potomac. It gives, as I take it, "the big talk" of the Boradway Yankees, but that foreshadows probably some really

