
WELDON, April 24, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

I have examined line of works around Weldon. They are too extensive for object in view. A few detached redoubts would have answered better. Too late to modify the system.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[33.]

WELDON, April 24, 1864.

(Received 25th.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commander-in-Chief, Richmond, Va.:

General Corse telegraphs to-day as follows:

Can you send me an engineer officer who can contrive some plan to get the gun-boat afloat? I fear she will be materially injured if not fleed soon. The water has fallen seven feet in the last four days, and still falling.

I have no officer thatI can send. Cannot one be sent from Richmond?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 25, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General of Virginia, Richmond:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 22nd instant, inclosing that of General Francis H. Smith, in which he proposes to tender the services of theCorps of Cadets at the Virginia Military Institute for the approaching campaign, is received. I desire to express my appreciation of the patriotic spirit that actuates General Smith in making this proposal, and my gratification at finding that it meets with your concurrence. I do not think, however, that it would be best at this time for the corps to be called to this army. It is now in asituation to render valuable aid in defending our western frontier, which may bemenaced siultaneously with the general advance of the enemy in the east. It will thus prevent the necessity of detaching troops from this army. I think it would be advisable for General Smith to hold the command in readiness to co-operate with General Breckinridge and General Imboden in case of necessity, and to notify those offficers of the fact. Should it at any time become necessary or expedient to have the services of the cadets with this army, it is very gratifying to me to know that they are so fully placed at my disposal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[33.]

BURWELL'S BAY, April 25, 1864.

Major NORRIS,

Chief of Signal Corps, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: I would most respectfully beg leave to make the following report: There has been a large body of troops carried from Fortress

