
WELDON, N. C., April 26, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Your letter of the 25th instant has just been received. The order for the regiment of Martin's brigade to rejoin its brigade has been given. The five regiments of Evans' brigade ordered to this department are stationed as follows: Two at Tarborough, guarding prisoners, two at Kinston, one at Wilmington. Is it the desire of the Department that the one at Wilmington should join its brigade at Kinston? The Eighteenth South Carolina is in Charleston.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[33.]
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, April 27, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Weldon, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that two scouts recorssed the lower James night before last, bringing papers of the 23d, which I forward by courier. They report the strictest system of picketing as kept up by the enemy, rendering it almost impossible to get [through] their lines near Yorktown. The principal information they bring comes from some lady friends who, though perfectly loyal, still cannot always be depended on for numbers. They say "50,000 are at Yorktown and Baltimore, 10,000 of whom are negroes. All or most of troops reported at Portsmouth have gone to Yorktown. They are moving and landing troops at night. Did not ascertain in command." One of our most reliable scouts was sent over last night to penetrate, if possible, the enemy's lines and return with accurate information. Anotehr very enterprising man has been sent into Portsmouth. I hope to get certain information from them. The enemy will either advance up the Peninsula or will move by transports down river and up the James. A portion might move over from Yorktown to King's Mill on the James; the distance is only six miles. I thinbk it more than probable that some of the force reported to have landed from ocean steamers come from the south.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA AND SOUTH VIRGINIA,Weldon, N. C., April 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General B. Bragg for his information. The numbers of the enemy are no doubt much exaggerated.

[33.]

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

KINSTON, April 27, 1864.

General WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Dispatch received. Re-enforcements at Washington nor as large as reporeted. Colonel Waddell with a squadron of cavalry goes to Kenansville to-morrow morning. Will send him instructions to report to you.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

[33.]

