
BURWELL'S BAY, April 29, 1864.

WILLIAM N. BARKER,

Captain in Charge of Signal Corps:

CAPTAIN: I would most respectfully make the following report: I crossed the james on Thursday night and found the shore strongly guarded from Mulberry Point down. I succeeded in making a landing after much difficulty. I cold not see but one of [our] scouts. He had not been able to go to Fortress Monroe, but reported that from the best information there were from 50,000 to 60,000 troopsat York and Williamsburg; 10,000 negrot troops, the balance white; 3,000 cavalry. It is known who is in command; but I directed him to go to York and Williamsburg and find out all the particulars, which I shall be able to report in my next-say Sunday night-if we can make our connection.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. MOORE.

[33.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., April 29, 1864.

His Excellency Governor VANCE, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 27th ultimo, from which I perceive you could not have been aware of my letters of March 22 and April 22* on the subject of the State salt-works. I am anxious and willing to aid and protect any State enterprise, but at present and ever since the attack of the enemy on those works my men have been engqaged in daily and nightly contest from Masonborough toFort Fisher. The enemy are sounding every day and landing men employed at the State salt-works. I cannot trust them at that point of the coast. I am entirely willing, however, to aid in placing the State salt-works at any point which may be selected under the control of my batteries, and where communication with the enemy cannot be had. With regard to the men employed at the salt-works, those places, I think, should be supplied by negroes. I have called the attention of the Conscript Bureau to them. The authorities to detail them is, I believe, vested in the War Department, and by in the commanding generals of departments.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[33.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 101. Richmond, April 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

V. Brigadier General James L. Kemper is assigned to the command of the reserve forces of the State of Virginia, enrolled and mustered into service in accordance with the fifth and sixth sections of the "Act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved February 17, 1864. His headquarters will be at Lynchsburg, Va.+

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[33.]

---------------

*See VOL. XXXIII, p. 1303.

---------------

+Amended by paragraph XXV, Special Orders, Numbers 107, printed in VOL. XXXVI, Part II, p. 972.

56 R R-VOL LI, PT II

