
RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

The latest reliable intelligence is that the enemy from fifteen transports were landing at Bermuda Hundred this afternoon. Another is that thirty transports and four gun-boats have been seen at City Point. It also stated that the enemy's cavalry advance is at Forge Bridge. Bushrod Johnston's brigade had relieved Hunton's, but the reported advance of the enemy caused the latter to be stopped when en route to Hanover Junction. Gracies' brigade had previously arrived, and Hagood's was expected this day, but has not come. Clingman's brigade, I learn, has been sent toward Suffolk. It has been recalled. General Beauregard promises to use all dispatch in getting back Hoke's command, but there must be an interval of some days. Two brigades have been ordered up from Charleston. I have no information as to the time of arrival. With these facts and your previous knowledge, you can estimate the condition of things here, and decide how far your own movements should be influenced thereby.

JEFFESON DAVIS.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

(Via Orange Court-House, Va.)

Have telegraphed to General Breckinridge in accordance to your suggestion, and directed him to communicate with you. I desire that you should direct all operations in Western Virginia, regarding it as your left flank, and, unless you think it better otherwise, suggest that you should do so.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[37.]

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, May 4, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Enemy has struck his tents. Infantry, artillery, and cavalry are moving toward Germanna and Ely's Fords. This army in motion toward Mine Run. Can Pickett's division move toward Spotsylvania Court-House?

R. E. LEE.

[36.]

GORDONSVILLE, May 4, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

I shall camp to-night between Foust and Brock's Bridge and hopeto reach Richards' Shop by 12 to-morrow. Our subsistence trains are very short. The train of one division has been detained and some of our wagons diverted by order of the War Department. Can't we use Hoke's train untl the other division train comes up?

J. LONGSTREET.

[36.]

NEAR VERDIERVILLE, May 4, 1864-11.15 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Our picket encountered the enemy at the run just this side of Parker's Store, where a pice of artillery was brought out but

