
but very few troops. He says 5,000 or 6,000 of the enemy lnaded at Cannon's, seven, miles bedlow Charles City Court- House, this side the James, and are devastating the country. Colonel Elliott aand Major Stark have retreated, bringing in twenty- six prisoners, who are en route to your headquarters. I have sent a small force to protect Major Allen's and General Pickett'sproperty.

EPPAHUNTON,

Brigadier- General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Port Walthall Junxction, May 7, 1864 - 6 p. m

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant- Geneal:

The enemy came out about 12 m. to- day. Two columns, one from Ware Bottonm. Church and one fromWalthall's Mills, and on my right and left flanks, opening on left and center with artillery. Main attack of infantry on my left, General Hagood's brigade. After a conflict of some three or four hours, in which both flanks were threatened, the enemy has withdrawn from the attacxk, but still continues artillery practice. We have repulsed the enemy, buyt with 3,000 men we are unable to follow up the advantages over a force of perhaps 10,000. We may hold this position, but to routh the enemy must have re- enforcements. I have no certain promise of re- enfeormcements to- night. Have you any instructions for me! The railroad has not been cut between this and Petersburg.

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[36.]

STONY CREEK, ay 7, 1864.

Captain J. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

Citizens report enemy's cavalry advancing from Littleton and Hawkinsville. Please send Lieutenant-Colonel Crawley, who is at Weldon, with the remained of the regiment to this place and Nottoway railroad bridge.

M. G. ZEIGLER,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

[36.][

STONY CREEK, May 7, 1864.

Captain OTEY:

Dispatch received. This bridge will be promptly defended. Force sity men.

M. G. ZEIGLER,

Majo, Commanding Detachment.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, May 8, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: In the absence and by direction of General Bragg I have the honor to inform you that General Ransom learns by telegraph from

