
Bigadier-General Barton that the enemy ave retired altogether from the field near Port Walthll Junctin and are now lying across the neck from Appomattox to James River behi d intrenchments. General Ransom has directedGeneral Barton not to attack them beind works. Their dead and wounded were left lying uponthe field.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

[36.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, c. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., may 8, 1864.

General B. BRAGG;

GEENRAL: It has occurred to me to suggest that the railroad either to Danville or by Raleigh to Weldon might be used in conjunction with the other to transport trooops coming from Charleston. The report of the deserter shows the presence of officezs of capacity: and we have the strong incentive of Butler's presence to make a prompt and earnest attack. If Feneral Bearuregard's health disqualifies him for field operations, it would be well to order Hoke to proceed in advance of his troops and take command of theforces in front of Petersburg. For the defensive operations of that point GeneralPickett will be enough.

Yours, respectfully and truly,

JEFFERSON DVIS.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORHTERN VIRGINIA,May 8, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Corps:

I desire you to move on with your corps as rapidly as you can, without inuuring the men, to Shady Grove Church. Anderson by this time is at Spotsylvania Court- House and may need your support. The best route that I know of is the road fromC hewning's house to the field in whch my headquarters were, and form which a road has been cut through the pines in rear of the artillery battalion, crossing the ; lank road to White Hall Mill, where you will fall into Anderson; s route to Shady Grove Church. I will proceed to Shady Grove Church, and wish you to follow me on to that poi9nt.

I am, most resepctfuly, your obedient servan,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[36.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Myay 8, 1864.

[Lieutenant General R. S . EWELL:]

GENERL: General Hill has reported to me that he is so much indisposed that he fears he must relinquish the command of his corops. In that case, I sahll be obliged to put General Erly in command of it. I wish you to transfer Hays' brigade to HJohnosn's divison, so that h e two Louisiana brigades may be together, tjey being so much reduced and General Stafford being disabled. In order to equalize your divisions, you will then trasnfer R. D. Johnston's brihgade, or some other of

