
DUBLIN, May 8, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Learning last night at midnight that the enemy would pass around the Narrows of New Rifer altogether, I came to this point on rairoad. The enemy is now in twelve or fifteen miles, marching on this place. He has five regiments and twenty pieces of artillery. I have two regiments, but have sent for re- enforcements from Salem, where General Jones, according to his won statement, [has] twice as many troops as are sufficient to defeat Averell's cavalry, by whom alone he is threatened. As I cannot hold this place or the New RIver bridge with my present force, I shall, if possible, fall back toward the west to meet my re- enforcements and co- operate, if necessary, with General Jones at Sale . When my re- enforcements come up I shall seek to get in the enemy's rear.

A. G. JENKINS,

Brigadier-Genrl.

[37.]

RICHMOND, vA., May 9, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Spotsylvania Court- House, va.:

Your dispatches have cheered us with anxiety of a critical position, and diminished the pain of disappointment in the efort to comply with your request. I am deeply grateful, and with the continued favor of our Heavenly Father, hopeful that the efforts of the noble army you command iwol add another success to the many for which the country is now idebted to you and to them.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS AMRY OF NORTHERN VIRIGINIA,May 9, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

By General Lee's direction I inclose a note froM General Stuart. General Lee says the artillery alluded to was suipported on yesterday by a brigade of Anderson's, which has been withdrawn, and nothing has been sent to replace it. He therfore deems it advisable that you send a brigade there for this purpose. This willsecure your right. If Early's corps (Hill's) takes position there, your bridge can then be relieved.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S .- General lee directs me to add that a scout repots that the enemy is advancing on your position in several lines of battel. He thiks you had better call Gordon's division up to you. Early's corps will now move up behind you.

W. H. T.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS. ARMY OF NORTEHRN VIRGINIA,May 9, 1864 - 8 a. m.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: There is a demonstration of the enemy's cavalry on the Fredericksburg road about one mile and a half from Spotsylvania

