
force be sent to me! Have only 250 here, and they are so much scattered as to make them of little service except as scouts.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major- General.

[36.]

PETERSBURG, May 9, 1864 - 1.45 p. m.

Geneal B. BRAQGG, Richmond, Va.:

I have ordered forces to mvoe toward junction. You are aware thatI have oly Hagood's brigade, part of Johnson's, and part of Clingman's, and small militia force. Enemy are still at Stony Creek and Nottoway. I have sent small cavalry detachment down by rail to bring the most accurate information. Why do not the forces at Jarratt's and below march up and drive off the enemy! This delay is criminal. Enemy are advancing froMC ity Point, but I willhold them in check. Our troopsa re engaged on the Richmond road. Enemy shellig Fort Clifton from south side of Appomattox.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major- General.

[36.]

PETERSBURG, VA., May 9, [1864]- 1.15 p. m.

[General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch received, informing that GenealHoke will be in command on north side of Appomattox. From the rate at which these troops are arrivin g I doubt whether he will be here for some time. I have trains waiting at Stony Run since early last evening. Enemy are again at Stony Creek. Please order our forces to march up by direct road.

36.]

G. E. PICKETT.

PETERSBURG, May 9, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond, Va.:

From the indications of to- night apprehedn an attack at daylight to- morrow on Swift Creek on the City Point and Jerusalem plank roads, as the enemy are in my immediate front at each of the points indicated. In accordance with your instrucitons of this morning an advannce was made with three regiments- half of the force at Swift Creek; but the enemy were in such strength that they repulsed us with considerabler loss

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,May 9, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary:

COLONEL: General Barton telegraphs firing has ceaded on his left and enemy moving in full force against his south front on turnpike. Artillery is heard in direction of Port Walthall Junction- prbably beyond, at Swift Creek.

In absence of General Ransom.

Resepctfully,

T. O. CHESTNEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-Gernal.

[36.]

