
NOVEMBER 4-DECEMBER 23, 1863.-The Knoxville (Tenn.) Campaign.

Report of Colonel John F. Hartranft, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding division, of assault on Fort Sanders November 29.*
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION NINTH ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., November 29, 1863.

I have the honor to report that about 11 p. m. on the 28th instant the skirmishers stationed on the left of the line and on the left of the Second Creek fell back as the skirmishers of the First Division were driven in. The remainder of my line of skirmishers were not disturbed until about 5 a. m., when they fell back. I immediately sent out the Fifty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Thirty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel E. Schall, who drove the enemy back and re-established the line on the right of the Second Creek, the left flank resting on the creek, on the south side of the railroad. The enemy left 10 dead on the line. Our loss was as follows: Killed, 3; wounded, 7; missing, 20. Of the missing 18 are from the Second Regiment Maryland Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

[31.]

NOVEMBER 23-27, 1863.-The Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign.

Report of Captain Henry Haymond, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION, EIGHTERNTH U. S. INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., December 1, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this battalion in the recent operations against the enemy in front of this place:

The battalion was detailed for grand guard on November 22, and remained on outpost without being relieved until the 25th. On the afternoon of that day I joined the brigade and formed line to the east of the Rossville road on the left of the First Battalion, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Captain George W. Smith commanding, and advanced under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry across the open field at the foot of Mission Ridge upon the enemy, who was strongly intrenched on the slope and summit of the ridge. The enemy was soon driven from his lower line of works, and fell back to the stronger ones upon the summit. Owing to the precipitous character of the ground, rocks, and fallen trees, the ascent was extremely difficult, but after an hour's severe fighting the last line of works was carried and the enemy completely routed. The battalion bivouacked that night upon the summit of the ridge, adn at 10 o'clock on the morning of the 26th started in pursuit of the enemy, taking the road toward Ringgold, Ga. At 7 p. m. his rear guard was overtaken by the brigae near Graysville, Ga., capturing a battery and number of prisoners. The battalion bivouacked

---------------

* See also VOL. XXXI, Part I, p. 374.

---------------

