
[First indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The officers throughout the State have been already urged to collect all the corn, flour, and meat possible. The losses at Beaver Dam have caused me to order the inclosed directions to be sent to those stationed at points accessible to the theater of operations, and the information is furnished to enable the War Department to consider it in relation to transportation on the Danville extension, and to the directions proper for the officers in command of the guards on the bridges over the Appomattox and Staunton Rivers, which if destroyed cannot be replaced for months.

Resepctfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary- Gernal.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 11, 1864.

Resepctully referred to General Bragg, calling his special attention to that portion of the COmmissary- General's indorsement relative to the bridges over the Appomattox and the Staunton. Their importance under present cirxcumstances cannot be too highly appreciated.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. ASSISTATN COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTERNCE,May 11, 1864.

Resepctfully returned to honorable Secertary of War.

A detahment of 100 men under command of a selected field officer, with two pieces light artillery, has been ordered to the Appomattox bridge by rail to- night under instructions from these headuqarters.

In the absence and by direction of General Bragg:

John B. S ALE,

Colonel and military Secertary.

[Inclosure.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY FOR VIRGINIA, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 10, 1864.

The interruptin of railroad transportation and the destruction of our subsestence by the enemy renders it necessary to call upon every person in your district to contibute immediately a portin of their supplies for the use of the army. Impress freely if necessary. Give receipts for these supplies, to be paid for in cash or to be returned hereafter in kind, at the option of the party. Notify Coonel Cole, chief commissary oft the Army of Northern Virginia, and also this BGureau, of the quantity received by you. Act with promptness, as the ecignecy is great.

By order of the Secretary of War:

B. P. NOLAND,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence of Virginia.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 10, 1864 - 9 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: The enemy ahs been skirmishing all along the line of breast- works to- day and has used his artillery freely. He made no

