
that night near Graysville, and early on the morning of the 27th marched to Ringgold; remained in bivouac there until the 29th, and then returned to this place. I inclose a list of casualties.* I desire to testify to the goond conduct of the following officers of my command, viz: Actg. Adjt. John S. Lind, Captain John H. Knight, Lieutenants Phister (who reported for duty after the command was drawn up in line), Kirkland, Ostander, and Davis. The command is indedted to Lieutenant Arnold, battalion quartermaster, for being kept well supplied with rations while absent from camp.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HAYMOND,

Captain, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Second Battalion.

Major JOHN R. EDIE,

Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Demi-Brigade.

[31.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Judson W. Bishop, Second Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., December 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: For the purpose of placing on record the names of the officers and men of my regiment who by gallant and meritorious conduct under fire during the assault of Mission Ridge, on the 25th ultimo, have entitled themselves to especial mention, I respectfully submit the following report as supplementary to the general one already on file in your office: #

There were present and engaged on that occasion 170 enlisted men of the regiment and the following-named commissioned officers, every one of whom is entitled to creditable mention: J. W. Wood, adjutant; William Brown, assistant surgeon; Capts. C. S. Uline, J. C. Donahower, John Moulton, Levi Ober; First Lieuts. Tenbroeck Stout, H. K. Couse, commanding his company; C. G. Trimble, W. W. Wilson, commanding his company; L. N. Holmes, commanding his company; Second Lieuts. T. G. Scott, John C. Jones, Edward L. Kenny, and Thomas G. Quayle. To Captain C. S. Uline, the senior of his grade in the regiment, was assigned the command of the two companies deployed to cover the formation and advance of the brigade in taking position for the assault. This duty was skillfully discharged, and in the final assult and in the melee on the ridge he especially distinguished himself by his gallant example and by his coolness and promptitude in directing the enthusiasm of those who followed him. First Lieutenant Samuel G. Trimble, a gallant and faithful officer, was shot dead in the extreme front of the fight on the ridge. Beloved and respected by his comrades in life, his death, in the very moment of victory, cast a cloud over our thanksgiving for the triumph for which he gave his life. Second Lieutenant Thomas G. Quayla fell at the head of his men in the melee on the ridge, severely wounded in the right knee. Color Sergt. Holder Jacobus, of Company E, crossed lances with a reble color-Sergeant over a Napoleon gun on the ridge, and for the moment the two disputed its possession; only for a moment, however, and the gun, with its mate, was ours. Sergeant Jacobus was soon afterward wounded, and all of his guard save one were either killed or wounded. First Sergt. Alex H. Reed com-

---------------

* Embodied in table, VOL. XXXI, Part II, p. 84.

---------------

# See VOL. XXXI, Part II, p. 533.

