
DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 12, 1864 - 9.22 p. m.

General BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Dispatch received. The enemy are in coniderable force in myf ront to cover themove from Chaesterfield. They have gained no advnactage over us to-day. We shall feel them in the morning.

R./ F. HOKE,

Major-General.

[36.]

MEADOW BRIDGE, May 12, 1864.

GenerL BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Enemy have passed trins over the XCHickahoominy at Meadow Bridge. Stragglers with broken horses follwing. GenerL Huntons till reports tothsi stationt hat enemya re in force. GeenrL Ransom proposes toface them.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

DANVILLE, May 12, 1864.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Richmond, Va.:

Love's battalion Alabama cavlry, three companies, 160 men, well mounted and without arms, arrived here to-day. They leave for Burkeville to0 morrow From Captain Love I obtained the following information: Two companies South Carolina cavalry, 140 men, without arms, are one day's march in advance of Love's battalion. They passedtheis place to the right yesterday vi Clarksville. The Fourth South Carolin, 750 mem, arrived at Greensborough by rail on Mounday and are waiting for their saddles. Theya re all armed. THree regiments South Carolina cavlry, 2,000 men, left Columbia for Charlotte on the 25th of April, and are two days behind Love's battalion, marching four days in the week and fifteen miles per day. A part of them are armed. Three regimentts of Geoargia cvalry left Augusta on 20th of April, 2,000 men. Have no arms. Theyare five days' behind Love's battalion. I have allthis informaiton froM Captain Love. on Monday I passed 800 cavalry at Burkeville. THy received arms from Richmond on Suday. Further than this dispatch I know nothing.

E. S. HUTTER,

Captain of Ordnance.

[36.]

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

Via Guiney's, May 13, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Hnaover Junction:

If General Hoke with fresh troops can be spared from Richmond, it would be of great assistnce. Wea re outnumbered and coustant labor is impairing the efficiency of the men.

R. E. LEE.

[36.]

