
CHILESBURG, May 13, 1864 - 9.30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: We have reached this point and will push on as far as we can toward Guiney's to- day. We will reahc there early to-moprrown. Our route fromthere will be via Jerrold's Mills over the Telegraph road. I expect to camp near that point o- night. We were detained in crossing the North Anna. Major Scott, assistant commissary of subsistence, requested me to inform uyou that he would establish a temporary depot at Frederick's Hall, from which point the wagons cn pass by Carr's Bridge to Spotsylvania Court-House. Davenport's Bridge was destroyed by the enemy. My company tehre escaped with the loss of one man and their battgage. Some tents were burned by the enemy. The company isnow with me.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. R. TALCOTT,

Colonel, Comma; nding.

P. S.- Major Bridgford's command is with me.

R. M. R. T.

[36.]

PETERSBURG, May 13, 1864 - 7.15 a. m.

(Received 14th.)

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I merely wished to explain my position and condition. I propose leaving to- day about noon with part of Colquitt's and Corse's brigades which arrived yesteday. martin's and 	WIse['s remain here. Light batteries will follow soon as practicable after arriving.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

GenerL, Commanding.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 13, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Petersburg, Va.:

Tleegram received. Your dispatch to Hoke was captured. I will send hm your telegram. I expect hourly the wires to cease and the Danville road to be cut. Communicate alone by courier. Atrp is laid for enemy. Move on at once to Hoke, informing him we must destroy this force betweenhere and Petersburg. Leae only a garrison behind uyou. Lee's amry is victorious.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[36.]

PETERSBURG, May 13, 1864.

(Received 14th.)

GenerL B. BRTAGG:

The Thirtieth Virginia Regiment will leave by rail at 6 a. m. for the bridge acrossthe Appomattox, and will arrive there at 10 a. m., in time, it is hoped, to render necessary protection.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

