
DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 13, 1864 - 7.15 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Do you know anything of GenerL Beauregard's movements!

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.

[36.]

PETERSBURG, May 13, 1864.

GeenrL B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GenerL B. left here to- day, taking a regiment of cavalry. Colonel Ferebee arrived to- day.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[36.]

STAUNTION, May 13, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Enemy's advance near New Market. His reported force superior to mine. I am moving down the Valley to- dya. Can hear very little from Virginia and Tennsee Rairoad, but enemy reported moving toward Salem with nine regiments of infantry, one of cavlry, and eitht pieces of artillery. One brigade added to McCausland and W. L. Jackson might stop him. I hope it can be sent from Richmond or Petersburg. I sent copy of this to General Lee.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major- General.

[37.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 22. Kinston, N. C., May 13, 1864.

I. Captain Myers' company (mounted), Sixty- seventh NorthCarolina Troops, will report to Lieutenant Colonel John C. VAnhook, commanding at Washington, N. C., for the purpose of picketing the country on the south side of Tar River an giving the earliest informaiton of the movements of the enemy to the commandng officer at Washington and Coward's Bridge.

II. Should the enemy move toward Washington Colonel Whitford will dispose his command tothe best advantage for assisting and co-n operating with the corces at Washington.

III. Colonel Whitford will communicate to these headuqarters and tothe commanding officer at Washington the probable line of his operations in such a cxontingency and the amount of the force he would be able to spare.

IV. SHould the enemymvoe towardf Washington in force the informationwill be sent with the gret4st speed to headquarters at Kinsotn with a view of enabling the forces at that point o strike them ont e flank or rear. In that event Colonel Whitforde will leave a guide at Coward's Bridge to conduct the column from Kinston.

By command of Brigadier-General Walker:

JAMES LOWNDE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

