
to your inquiry in relation to his co-operation. He has been strengthening his defensive line, but reports his force but little more than half that of the enemy in his front. If he be holding nearly double his number inactive, and at the same time protecting our line of communication, along which we are bringing up supplies, it is doubtful whether he could be better employed at this time. I have sought to get reserve troops that might be placed with a part of Beauregard's, to relieve some to be sent away. The progress has been slower than our necessities demand. There are two reports in town, one that General Butler was withdrawing, and another, mentioned to me at this instant, that re-enforcements to the extent of 4,000 to 5,000 men and joined General Butler last night. As soon as I can hear from General Beauregard you will be further informed. I have directed the nomination to be made, as recommended by you, of a successor to General Daniel. The law to which you refer, as enabling me to supply temporarily the place of General McGowan, has not passed.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[36.]

NEAR ATLEE'S STATION, May 28, [1864]--7.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 5 a. m. from Hughes' Shop is just received. The column of the enemy's infantry passed down on the other side of the Pamunkey, not on this side, as you seem to suppose. General Lomax has been directed to picket the crossing of the South Anna. Colonel Wright, commanding Young's brigade, I understand from General Hampton, is also up there. Scouts sent last night to the north bank of the Pamunkey report the Sixth Army Corps was at that time six miles above Dabney's Ferry or Hanovertown, accompanied by cavalry, artillery, &amp;c. They report nothing but cavalry crossed over yesterday. I send your telegraphic dispatch back, as there is no operator at Atlee's. I wrote yesterday for one to be put there, but he has not come, and I suggest that you take the matter in hand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 28, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Annexed I have the honor to send you a copy of a letter just received from General Lee.* My aide, who delivers this to you, will give you any information in relation to our condition here, and as to reports from the front which you may desire to have. There is a report in town that Butler is breaking up his encampment. If it be true, it will of course affect your own views in relation to the contents of the letter herewith transmitted.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[36.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

