
toward Dispatch Station. Have sent scouts to Black Creek Church and Dispatch Station. There is no place my cavalry can cross Chickahominy between a point one mile below Mechanicsville and Bottom's Bridge or my main body might be about Barker's Mill. In my present position I have excellent grass. Am ready to co-operate with Hoke or to move to his right if he retakes Old Cold Harbor. If a force was ascertained to be moving on Bottom's Bridge I would be obliged to go nearly the Mechanicsville to cross stream. General Lee understands, I suppose, that the enemy's left rests on the Old Cold Harbor and Dispatch Station road and that there is no road between that one and the Chickahominy. Colonels Gary and Robins were ordered to Bottom's Bridge early this morning. Butler will also be ordered there with artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

If new bridge is repaired I can go down in vicinity of Barker's Mill or Store.

Yours,

F. L.,

Major-General.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 1, 1864.

Major General R. RANSOM,

Commanding at Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The indications to-night are such as strongly to manifest a purpose on the part of the enemy to advance on Bottom's Bridge to-morrow morning. You will order out such of the local force as is not required for the preparation of ammunition, for hospital service, and the shoeing of horses. You will direct General Tucker to assemble the reserve troops, [and] through the Secretary of War, call out the organized militia to be united for service with the reserves. Leaving adequate guards in the City, you will move with all other disposable forces on the road to Bottom's Bridge, that you may, if the enemy attempt to cross the Chickahominy, check his movement, either at the Chickahominy or elsewhere, as may be practicable. In either event, having the force in hand, you will use it as your discretion dictates, keeping a constant communication with General Lee. I have asked General Beauregard, if the enemy still confronts him, whether he can, consistently with the service intrusted to him, send to you Brigadier-General Ransom's brigade, and if he decides that he can do so, that it should be ordered immediately, as it will be needed in the morning.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Bottom's Bridge, June 2, 1864--1.30 p. m.

Major General FITZ. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The enemy has appeared at Bottom's Bridge, Carter's Ferry, and McClellan's Bridge. They have as yet developed nothing but pickets. Deserters of this morning say that a force of infantry from Williamsburg is to cross at Bottom's Bridge. I have scouts across and

