
roads on both of my flanks being in possession of the enemy, this could be accomplished only by plunging down the slone in my immediate rear. It was done, with what success will be shown hereafter. The detachments of the two disabled pieces were retained near the eminence occuped by their guns in hopes that some turn in the line of the battle or the arrival of re-enforcements might enable us to use them again, if not to save them eventually. These hopes fro a white seemed realized, as a regiment was seen advancing from our rear. Lieutenant Chalaron, Sergeant Allen, and Corporal Adams, with the colors of my company, placed themselves in advance of it and endeavored to lead it to charge. They were followed, however, not even up to my guns, when the regiment broke in the wildest confusion, without sustaining hardly any fire from the enemy, leaving their colors unfolded upon the field, which were picked up by Lieutenant Chalaron and given to one of their number (North Carolina regiment). Having procured three rouds of canister an attempt was now made to discharge them. After reaching and loading my two remaining guns under a volley from the enemy, now within thirty yards of their muzzles, we were compelled to abandon the attempt, as no friction primers could be found. The enemy soon closed around them and my rear was treatened by a column moving toward the hollow. My cannoneers were ordered to save themselves.

Upon reaching the hollow in the rear of my position, to my dismay I found the four pieces which had been sent to the rear, two axle deep in mud and two partly up the opposite hill, all struggling with might and main of men and horses. The teams of the caisons had been added to those of the pieces; the men were at their posts, yet the exhausted condition of both made them unequal to the task. Could I have collected sufficient infantry their assistance would have enabled me to have saved some of these pieces. My appeals to them were all in vai. The enemy were now within forty yards, and my struggling men and teams were the only targets left to the volleys. Longer delay would have encompassed in a common loss, men, horses, and guns. I gave orderes to unlimber the pieces, thereby saving my men, horses, and limbers. With Lieutenants Vaught and Chalaron and part of my cannoneers I remained at the point where the first stand was made by our troops. Here we plaand manned during the fight which ensued several pieces belonging to different batteries. When the action ceased I ordered these officers and men to report to my wagon camp, across the Chickamauga, to which point part of the company, with the limbers and horses, had already been sent under Lieutenant Johnsen. I regret that I cannot mention what command of infantry were posted near me on this occasion. The attack was made before I had fairly occupied my position on the ridge, after which all was confusion in this arm near me. I believe, however, that General Bate's right lapped over my left section. Being without orders from you, and having been told by General Breckinridge, whom I met on the pontoon bridge, to keep my command together, I deemed it prudect to move my command along with the division wagon train, to which I remained attached until I received at Resaca your orders to return to Dalton. With Lieutenant Chalaron and twenty men I remained at Chickamauga to assist Captain Mebane's battery, he having asked for men. Failing to find this battery on the morning of the 26th, up to the time the place was completely evacuated by our troops, I rejoined my company on the march to Ringgold. My loss in men and materials are as follows: Four

