
BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 2, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The enemy's cavalry appeared on other side of the Chickahominy at 5 p. m., made some demonstration, and a part went down the stream. Butler, Wickham, and Lomax's brigades of cavalry near here. My local troops are not up and can hardly get here to-night.

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[36.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, AND SOUTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 17. June 2, 1864.

* * * * * *

VI. Pursuant to paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 127, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Lieutenant-Colonel Eshleman with his battalion of artillery will immediately proceed to headquarters Department of Richmond and report to Major-General Ransom, Jr., commanding, for assignment. Lieutenant-Colonel Eshleman will turn over the three 20-pounder Parrott guns now with his battalion to the chief of artillery of this department, taking with him his original armament. The battalion will move by highway.

By command of General Beauregard:

John M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,June 2, 1864--8.30 a. m.

Captain OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: At 10 p. m. yesterday our artillery opened for fifteen minutes and elicited no reply. During the night scouts reported the enemy still held their rifle-pits in usual force. At 5 a. m. to-day I advanced our skirmishers all along our line. The picket of a Federal regiment in front of Ransom's brigade were driven back. Our skirmishers passed their line and captured 4 officers and about 70 men. We now occupy the enemy's picket-lines in front of Ransom's brigade, and on the left of this brigade General Wise's brigade has advanced still farther and taken a redoubt, an advanced work, beyond Ware Bottom Church. Other prisoners are reported and are yet to be brought in. They represent the enemy still in strong force in our front, and that Gillmore is still in command. Our loss slight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

[36.]

BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 2, 1864--1 p. m.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Butler is a little unwell and has turned over a portion of his command subject to my order. I have sent the Fifth South Carolina under Major Morgan to Carter's Ford, and a Georgia battalion under

