
all, no one could have excelled him in gallantry or skill. I will be pleased if you will intimate your willingness to this arrangement to the President, should you think it a proper arrangement under the circumstances.

With high regard, I am, your obedient servant,

A. T. CAPERTON.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded as requested in inclosed letter to me.

I fear that General Echols' health is hardly equal to duty here at this time. Colonel Patton is a very good officer, and it may be best for General Echols to go to West Virginia.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

It is requested that General Echols be relieved from the command of his brigade in this army on account of ill-health. From his condition, as represented by the Honorable Mr. Caperton, I do not think he will be able to take command of the Department of Western Virginia at this time. The condition of affairs there now requires an active, energetic, and strong commander. General W. E. Jones is, I hope, by this time with his troops at Staunton. I think he is senior to General Echols. The Department must judge who is the most proper for the supreme command.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[37.]

JUNE 3, 1864--3 p. m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: Note received. We are getting on very well, but it is impossible to withdraw Heth. He has just sustained and repulsed an attack, since your note was received.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.

P. S.--Hampton has communicated with me and is across the Totopotomoy, where there has been more artillery firing in advance of my left.

Respectfully,

J. A. E.,

Major-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 3, 1864--10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-General Hill directs me to inform you that just as Generals Breckinridge and Finegan were establishing their line of skirmishers the enemy made an attack upon that portion of the

