
of which he occupies, probably with skirmishers, connecting with cavalry vedettes across toward Haw's Shop. This shows conclusively there is no movement to our left, and renders it probable that he will endeavor to continue to mass on our right. In front of Ramseur and Gordon's right the indications are that the force is the same as yesterday. If the enemy attacks your right in the morning I propose to withdraw Rodes to the Mechanicsville road and attack his right, if I can do so to advantage.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsburg Road, June 4, 1864--7 p. m.

Major General FITZ. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Colonel Stevens reports a large camp of the enemy in sight from Carter's house, below Bottom's Bridge. He thinks they may contemplate crossing in that vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. ROWLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.--In case you should receive orders from General R. E. Lee to move your force, or any part of it, from this line, General Ransom desires that you will notify him at once.

T. R.

[36.]

SHIRLEY, June 4, 1864.

Major General FITZ. LEE:

GENERAL: I reached Shirley this morning at an early hour and have found out that there is no force of cavalry there. I have been informed that they landed lower down and have gone through Charles City. I will proceed lower down to ascertain the fact. The river seems full of transports from Shirley to City Point.

W. H. HARWOOD,

Lieutenant.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS LOMAX'S BRIGADE,June 4, 1864.

Colonel CRITCHER,

Commanding Fifteenth [Virginia] Cavalry:

COLONEL: Inclosed you will find dispatch from General Lee. You will move your regiment to Crouch's Ford and put [it] in position. You will obstruct the crossing and build breast-works to command your force. Collect tools in the neighborhood. You will be relieved in the morning. Crouch's Ford is the one that a squadron was left at this morning.

Respectfully,

L. L. LOMAX,

Brigadier-General.

