
Napoleon and 2 rifled guns and their caissons, captured; 7 men missing and wounded. I succeeded in saving four limbers and some sixty horses. My officers, Lieutenants Vaught, Chalaron, Leverich, and Johnes, bore themselves with their usual conspicuous gallantry, and the men behaved with the utmost heroism, leaving their posts only at my command and even then with reluctance.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. H. SLOCOMB,

Captain.

Captain R. COBB.

[31.]

FEBRUARY 12, 1864.-Skirmishes on the Jonesville and Mulberry Roads, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Theophilus T. Garrard, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CLINCH,Comberland Gap, Tenn., February 16, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 11th instant a train of twenty-three wagons, with a cavalry escort (of the Eleventh Tennessee, in charge of Lieutenant Riseden), was sent for forage up the valley. In anticipation of an attack on that train by the enemy, Lieutenant-Colonel Davis (whose command, the Eleventh Tennessee, is stationed near Ball's Bridge, Va.), moved a portion of his command on Jonesville road, beyond the Mulberry road, to cover the retreat of the train going along Mulberry road, when (on the 12th instant) the train was attacked in front and caused to retreat. At the same time Colonel Davis's detachment, on the Jonesville road, met with a superior force of the enemy and was driven back below the fork of Mulberry road, thus throwing the enemy in rear of our train, which consequently was captured, escort and teamsters with but horses escaping.

For the purpose of conveying a better understanding, I will quote a portion of Colonel Davis' report:

February 14.- In obedience with your order, February 11, I sent a mounted guard with a forage thrain under command of Lieutenant Riseden. They proceeded as far as Chakwell's Mills and took camp for the night. I ordered them to move very early the following morning on the Mulberry road. I moved all the force I could possibly spare from my camp (on the morning of the 12th instant) on the Jonesville road, believing if your wagon train should be attacked it would be from the road. In order to fall behind the train, I throught if I could hold my position on the Jonesville road I would save the train. I found the rebel force on Jonesville road to be about 600 strong, much larger than my whole command. I was repulsed, with about twenty-five missing, all of whom, I presume, were captured. The lieutenant in charge of the force with the train thinks he was attacked by about 200. My orce on Jonesville road was driven back bellow where Mulberry road branches of Jonesville road; thus the teamsters and guards of the retreating train had to make their way through the ridges to camp. I did not have force sufficient to hold the enemy on the Jonesville road, and when I discovered the enemy was in such superior numbers it was too late to re-enforce from the Gap. I remained on the Jonesville road until 12 o'clock that night; the enemy advanced within three miles of my camp. I drove them back to Ball's Bridge, to where the Mulberry road intersects the Jonesville road, and then throught it prudent not to advance any farther, as the enemy was mounted on good stock.

February 15.- On yesterday I sent a scout in the direction of the Iron-Works road under command of Captain Huddleston. He engaged a squad of rebels, killing and wounding some, and gave them a complete rout. All is quiet this morning. There was a large smoke rising from camp-fires on yesterday evening about Dougherty's eleven miles from this place (Wyerman's Mills). I learn from citizens that General

