
received by me about 1 o'clock this morning. I infer from it some other telegram sent, but this is the only one which has reached me. There is a painful rumor current, which received support from General Vaughn being in command, to the effect that General William E. Jones was killed in the engagement. I have sent copies of this telegram both to General Bragg and General Lee, that their counsels may be given for the retrieval of this disaster, which endangers, if it has not lost, the Valley. From the artillery and wagon trains being brought off, I trust our loss has not been heavy.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,June 5, 1864--5.30 p. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Nothing has occurred on the lines to-day except slight skirmishing. There is no apparent change in the position of the enemy. No movement on his part has been discovered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fisherville, June 5, 1864--10 p. m. (Via Waynesborough.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I have returned to this point. Artillery and wagon trains safe. My command is much scattered. The enemy is pursuing. I fear I will be forced to leave the Valley. Staunton cannot be held. Crook is said to be advancing from the west, some twenty miles distant. The battle was fought to-day at Piedmont. The enemy's strength not less than 9,000 or 10,000 infantry, heavy force of cavalry, and thirty pieces of artillery.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[36 and 37.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 6, 1864--1 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

I have just received a telegram of which I send a copy.* It would seem that some other telegram should have reached me, but I have received none. There is a rumor that our forces were defeated and Jones killed. I have not been able to trace it to an authentic source. I am surprised that Imboden is not in command. Can anything be done to avert the advancing enemy? I will send a copy to General Lee by his courier, who leaves in the morning. Meantime I leave the matter to your better judgment and action.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[37.]

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

