HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,June 6, 1864--6.30 a. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Field reports that one of his brigade commanders has reported "the enemy disappeared from his front." General Field has sent out on other portions of his line to learn the state of affairs. His division is on my left, next to General Ewell's corps. I have received no other reports as yet, but I thought it best to make known this much to you without waiting longer.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-General.

[36.]

WILMINGTON, N. C., June 6, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I am compelled to order the suspension of the salt-works, State and private, on Masonborough Sound, for the security of this place, on account of disloyalty and communication constantly with the enemy. What shall I do with the conscripts employed?

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., June 6, 1864.

General GATLIN,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Raleigh, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have once more and finally directed the suspension of all salt-works, public and private, on that part of the sound lying between Masonborough Inlet and Fort Fisher. This is a matter of military necessity for the security of this place, and considered necessary, not only from our present condition, but from the known disloyalty of and constant communication with the enemy carried on by these salt makers. The conscripts engaged in this business should be turned over to the camp of instruction. I inclose you a copy of a notification to the superintendent of the State salt-works. If it is necessary to carry them on for the State, some other locality must be selected not interfering in so prejudicial a manner with the defense of this important place. In this connection I beg leave to call your attention to the letters of March 22 and April 22* relative to these works.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., June 6, 1864.

SUPERINTENDENT OF STATE SALT-WORKS ON MASONBOROUGH SOUND:

SIR: I learn that your salt-works, ordered to be discontinued in the locality where they now are and moved to some other where they will be less dangerous than they now are to the security of this place, are

---------------

*See VOL. XXXIII, p. 1303.

---------------

