THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. _   ;
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES?
~23iTc¡ÍG^E¡¡riTísEÍsíos.                               SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1S33.                                              Vw7]ü:„.No.:l.V l
TWENTY-THIRD CONGRESS.
FIRST SESSION.
The credentials of Messrs. Morris of
Ohio, Grundy of Tennessee, Swift of Ver-
mont, Ether Shepley of Maine, Nathan
Smith of Connecticut, and Kent of Mary-
land, were severally presented; after which
they respectively qualified and were per-
mitted to take their seats.
The PRESID NT pro tern, informed
the Senate, that he found on his table a
document which went to show that Mr.
E. R. Potter had been didy elected a Sen-
ator from the State of Rhode Island, in the
room of Mr. Robbins, and which he pro-
posed should be read; which being read
accordingly by the Clerk—
The PRESIDENT pro tern, said that
during the last session of Congress, a doc-
ument had been presented from the State
of Rhode Island, also authenticating the
election of Mr. Kobbins. Under this state
of things, it was for the Senate to deter-
mine what course they would adopt.
Mr. POINDEXTER observed that he
would not offer any opinion upon the mer-
its of the case in coutroveisy, but would
state that it appeared to him a matter of
course that the member first chosen [ VIr.
Robbins] should be permitted to qualify
and take his seat; that Mr. Potter should
then present his credentials, which might
be referred either to a Committee on the
Judiciary, or to the Committee on Elec-
tions, the question being yet to be decided
whether he was duly elected or not. In
the meantime, he would move that Mr.
Robbins be admitted to take the usual
oath, and to refer the subject to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
The credentials of Mr. Robbins, at the
suggestion of Mr. CLAY, having been
read,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, objected to this
couise being taken, deeming it proper that
both the parties should be placed in a pre-
cisely similar situation, until the merits of
the case were decided upon. He was
aware it was the practice of the House of
Representatives, in all cases of contested
elections, to permit one of the parties con-
testing to take his seat, but in this case,
there was this peculiar novelty attached to
it: that each came before the Senate, hav-
ing certificates of their being respectively
elected. He, therefore, thought it better
that neither should be permitted to qualify
1
until the rights of each party to the seat
was fully investigated. He considered
that if Mr. Robbins was now admitted to
qualify, and take his seat, that a positivo
injury might be done to the State of Rhode
Island, as he might vote on, and possibly
decide, important questions, although his
election should afterwards be set aside.
Mr. CLAY considered that it would be
rather an injustice to the State of Rhode
Island to restrict her from the exercise of
the power given her by the Constitution,
namely, to have herself represented in the
Senate by one Senator instead of two,
upon every question that should arise.
The verification of the credentials of each
Senator was the preliminary act, and it
was their province, in case of any contro-
versy, to say who was the Senator. This
it was not only their right, but it was their
imperative duty, to do. Under* all the
circumstances, as they were bound to
decide upon one of the parties, the ques-
tion would be, simply, which of them?
After adverting, at some length, to the
circumstances attending the election of
Mr. Robbins by one Legislature, and that
of Mr. Potter by a subsequent one, he
argued that, as there was prima facie evi-
dence that Mr. R. had been duly elected,
that the certificate thereof was duly pre-
sented, and filed in the Senate, he had a
priority of right, and ought to be admitted
to qualify and take his seat.
Mr. KING observed that he had not
been prepared, nor intended, to enter into
the legal points that were involved in this
question. His only desire was to act in
a way that would be perfectly fair to both,
and to give to the State an opportunity,
if represented at all, to be faiily so. If
the consequence of this suggestion was to
deprive the State of the number of Sen-
ators she was entitled to under the Con-
stitution, it was a state of things which
arose solely from her own acts; and it
often happens, that from various causes,
other States had not more than one vote,
yet no such very great injury was supposed
to arise thereby, lie asked for some de-
lay, from a sense of justice, and not from
any desire to prejudice the case of either,
considering that the Senate owed it to
themselves to wait for a report on the
subject from a select committee, before
they would make any selection.
Mr. CHAMBERS denied that the Sen-
ate had, constitutionally, the right to pre-
vent Mr. Robbins from qualifying and
taking his seat, inasmuch as the effect
would be to deprive JAhodc Inland of one of
her Senators, after having performed all that
was required by the Constitution for her to
do to entitle her Senator to his seat. In
the absence of all precedent to guide them
in this novel case, he thought they were to
1 be governed by the rules followed in all
| other contested elections. Itappearedthat
one of these parties was duly elected ; he
occupies the post; his right to do-so
becomes rather the subject of subsequeri^
examination than anything else, andas to
any objection made as to the validity of any
act so done by him, although his electioii
might be vacated, it wasexpressly provided
for, that, as the House of Representatives
were the sole judges of the validity of their
members, so were the Senate also of theirs.
Under all the circumstances, the clear and
proper course was, to give permission to
Mr. R. to take his seat, until an investiga-
tion could be had in such a form as those
better experienced than he was would
decide was best, to do perfect justice.
Mr. KING rose to bring the attention
of the Senate to a case, which he thought
would establish the views he had taken
on this subject. The case of the Hem.
Mr. Lanman, of Connecticut, and which
would operate as a precedent in this.
It appeared that Mr. L. was elected as
Senator in 1825, from that State ; his ere*
dentials were presented. On the motion
of Mr. Holmes, that he should qualify
and take his seat, a debate arose, the sub-
ject was postponed, and a motion was
made that the subject should be referred
to a select committee, which motion hav-
ing been carried, a committee was ap-
pointed, and Major Eaton, who was chair-
man of the committee, presented a report
on the facts, by which Mr. L. was pre-
vented from qualifying. His election had
taken place' under circumstances which
were not warranted by the law of Connec-
ticut ; and the Senate did not hesitate to
pronounce his election invalid, inasmuch
as he was not constitutionally elected.
Mr. CHAMBERS said, in this case it
clearly appeared that the election was in-
valid.
Mr. KANE argued that it would be an
injustice to Rhode Island, by admitting
the Senator to qualify whom her Legisla-
ture had pronounced disqualified, arid
moved that the question should be post-
poned till to-morrow.
The question thereon bejng put, was
¡ negatived : ayes 16, noes 17.
I After an animated and lengthened dis-
> cussion,. in which Messrs. CLAY, FRE-
■ LINGHUYSEN, WRIGHT. EWING,
| BIBB, POINDEXTER, MANGUM, and
I BENTON participated, Mr. BENTON
¡ moved, in substance, that the whole sub-
S ject should be refened to a select commit-
i tee ; which was decided by yeas and nays,
i as follows:
YEAS—Benton, Bro\vn,'Grundy, Hill, Kane,
j King, Morns, Rives, Robinson, Shepley, Tal-
1 madge, Tipton, White, Watkins, Wright—15..
¡ NAYS—Bell, Bibb, Chambers, Clay, Ewiog,
Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Kent, Knight, Man-
' gum, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter, Prentiss,
Smith, Switt, Silsbee, Tomhnson, Tyler—39.
j So the question was lost; and the motion
J of Mr. Poindexter being put, prevailed;
5
