8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 4,
report should be dispensed with, and that 5,000
copies of the report and 1,500 copies of the docu-
ment accompanying it be punted for the use of
the Senate    Agieed to
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion :                .     *
Resolved, That the proceedings of the Legislature
of the State of Rhode Island, now upon the table
of the Senate, showing the appointment of Elisha
R Potter as a Senator to represent that State in
the Senate of the United States, be referred to a
select committee of five Senators, to inquire and
report upon the claim of the said Elisha R. Potter
to the seat in the Senate now occupied by the Hon.
ASHER ROBBINS.
After some discussion as to the point of order
whether the resolution should be then acted on,
and the mode of appointing the committee, Mr.
CLAY moved to postpone the further considera-
tion of the subject until to-morrow; which was
agreed to without a division.
A resolution from the House of Representatives,
for the appointment of two chaplains was consid-
ered and agreed to.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to report to the Senate upon the suffi-
ciency of the provisions made by the act of March
2d, 1833, for the satisfaction of revolutionary
bounty land warrants, and whether a further ap-
propnation of land and issue of scrip is necessary
to satisfy outstanding warrants.
Mr BENTON gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, ask leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution, proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States in relation to the mode of
electing a President and Vice President.
On motion of Mr. KANE,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 4, 1833.
After the Journal was read, Mr. ALLAN, of
Kentucky, rose and said, that prior to the organi-
zation of the House, the question connected with
the contested Kentucky election was depend ing, but
it was withdrawn in order to permit the organiza-
tion of the House, and he now proposed to pro-
ceed in it. We had before made some progress in
the question, and had arrived at the merits of it.
It would take but a few minutes to complete the
view which he proposed to take in reference to the
subject. [Here Mr. A. was interrupted by the
question whether there was any sublet before
the House ]
The SPEAKER íephed that he considered the
question to be, whether Mr. Moore was to be
qualified as a member or not. Mr. Moore was
supposed to present himself now to the Chair for
qualification.
Mr ALLAN continued It is likely m the
skirmish we had the other day, that there was
some mistake as to the character of Mr. Moore's
certificate. He saw, by the reports, that it was
considered that Mr. Moore's election was certified
by the Governor m the same manner as the elec-
tion ot the other members from Kentucky. But
the fact was, the Governor had no right to per-
form such duty, nor had he undertaken to per-
form it. The Governor had simply transmitted
the returns from the sheriff's, without expressing
any opinion as to the election in either of the dis-
tricts If any one imagines that the Governor
transmitted the same certificate in the case of Mr
Moore as in that of the other members he is
mistaken. The certificates of every member, ex-
cept Mr. Moore, were signed by the sheriffs of
every county in the respective districts But Mr.
Moore's certificate was signed only by three of
the five sheriffs of the fifth district The question
is, whether that cei tificate, which is thus defective,
is p,una facte evidence of Mr Moore's election >
W hat do they certify' That they met and counted
the votes ' No, but that they did not meet and
count the votes. Theiesult of the election in the
fifth district was known. Everybody knew it.
The newspapers had published it. Mr Letcher
was well ascertained to be elected Under those
circumstances the sheriffs met, on the fifteenth
day after the election, to count and compare the
votes. Did they count and compare the votes of
the several counties, and certify the election of the
candidate who had the greatest number of votes'
No. The sheriff of Lincoln, one of the oldest
and most improved counties in the State, as to the
vote in which there was no dispute, puts the poll-
book of that county in his pocket, and marches
off How stood the vote in Lincoln' The ma-
joi lty for Mr. Letcher there was one hundred and
fifty, which, added to the whole, gave him a ma-
jority over Mr. Moore. The sheriff, seeing this
result, suppressed his return. In good old times,
in Kentucky, (said Mr. Allan,) a certain candi-
date who had been defeated, was asked what was
the reason of his defeat' "Nothing but the want
of a sufficient number of votes," was the reply.
The want of votes was, at that time, m Kentucky,
considered quite sufficient to accountfor the failure
of a candidate.and no one ever dreamed of getting
here in any other way than by a majority of votes.
But if this paper is received as a sufficient evidence
of election, then a new way to get to Congress has
been discovered.
Mr. HAWES, of Kentucky, said he presented
himself with unfeigned embarrassment to the
House on this question. He considered the
question, which ot the two gentlemen, Mr. Moore
or Mr. Letcher, should take his seat, was to be
decided by this House, and decided in favor of
the member who should be found to have the
greatest number of votes Mr. Moore's certificate
was, he contended, as valid as that of any other
member from Kentucky. The return had the
sanction of the Governor, which showed that he
was considered by the Governor to have been duly
elected. He admitted that the certificate was, in
some respects, informal, but that informality did
not affect the right of Mr. Moore to take his seat
and qualify m the first instance. If we pursue
the mode which has ever been pursued since the
foundation of the Government, there will be no
difficulty in the case. Let the subject be sub-
mitted to a committee to take^its usual course;
and, at a proper time, let the House, with all the
facts before them, say which party has the ma-
jority of votes, and is therefore elected. Any
other course would be highly improper and un-
usual. The law of Kentucky had not provided
for the case; but he contended that the failure of
the sheriff of Lincoln to make his return did not
make the election void, nor affect the validity of
the certificate furnished by the other sheriffs of
Mr Moore's «lection He did not pretend to say
whether Mr. Moore or Mr Letcher had the
majority, but that the House should proceed to
ascertain this fact in the usual form. He then
referred to the course puisued m the contested
election of a Delegate from Michigan as a prece-
dent He knew that the sheriffs were obliged by
law to count the votes, but he saw no reason why
this House should depart from the precedents
established in such cases. Every member of the
House was prepared to act on this question with-
out the slightest prejudice in favor of either party
He did not know which candidate was elected,
but he should vote, in the first instance, in favor
of qualifying Mr. Moore.
Mr. CHILTON, aftei expressing a reluctance
to enter upon this question, suggested that his
colleague [Mr Hawes] had fallen into some incon-
sistency in proposing to refer the subject to a com-
mittee. If the position taken by his colleague [Mr
Allan] m reference to the character of the certifi-
cate was correct, it could not be supposed that the
House wo Id permit Mr Moore to take his seat.
The ques-ion for our consideration was, whether
this cei tificate complies with the laws of the State
of Kentucky He thought it was plain that it did
not comply with the law. It was admitted that
the district was composed of five counties; that the
sheriff of each must, at a certain time, attend at a
certain place, for the purpose of counting and com-
paring the votes There was no dispute as to this
After a faithful comparison and count, each of these
sher ffs must put his name to a certificate, show-
ing that one person has a majonty of votes and is
elected This was perfectly plain. But the fact
is not disputed that there appear at the bottom of
the certificate the names of but three sheriffs Now
he denied that an mfoi mt 1 certificate amounted to
pnma facie evidence Can interested evidence be
admitted in a court of justice merely because no
other evidence can be furnished' Can partial tes-
timony be in any case received merely because it
is the best evidence the case a'lmits of The prin-
ciple was, in his opinion, erroneous and dnni„ei ous.
We were all interested m pieservmg the punty of
elections, and should be cautious m intioducmg
any principles which will open a door to fraud.
While he said this, he fully and entirely acquiited
the member [Mr Moore] from the slighte&t par-
ticipation in the proceedings to which he referred
as so incorrect. But he believed that the accept-
ance of his certificate would strike a fatal blow at
the freedom and purity of elections It was due to
the whole nation to discountenance the attempt to
force into the House, as a member, an individual
whose credentials are thus imperfect He dis-
claimed, as his colleagues had done, all feeling of
an unfavorable chaiactei to the interests of either
party to this question.
Mr. LANE rose and called for the reading of the
certificate testified by the Governor of Kentucky,
and in the possession of the Clerk, which was as
follows:
State op Kentucky,      )
Fifth, Congi essional Dwtnct. \
We, the undersigned, sheriffs for the counties
of Mercer, Garrard, Anderson, Lincoln, and Jes-
samine, composing said congressional district, do
certify that, on the fifteenth day after the com-
mencement of the late congressional election for
said district, to wit: on the 20th day of August,
1833, we met at the court-house m Harrodsburg,
Meicer county,and, adjourning from day to day,
made a faithful comparison and addition of the
votes and polls for said congressional election for
said district, and found, and accordingly certify,
that Thomas P. Moore is duly elected a Repre-
sentative to Congress from said fifth congressional
district, by a majority of the qualified votes of said
district. Given under our hands this 21st day of
August, 1833. The vote of Lincoln county not
taken into calculation.
JACOB KELLER, Deputy,
For G. W. Thompson, S M. C,
JOHN WALSH, Sheriff Anderson co.,
By R  Walker, D M ,
JAMES H  GAIRG, Deputy,
Por John Downing, Sheriff J. C.
Mr. L. then inquired if the specific question
presented to the House was, Shall Mr. Moore be
sworn and take his seat' To which the Speaker
replied, it was. Then, sir, it being admitted that
the inquiry is not who shall or shall not, in the
final decision of this House be entitled to the seat;
not who received the greater number of legal votes,
but whether the certificate read furnishes prima
facie evidence of that fact—the question to my
mind is a simple one. It is a principle that all
persons intrusted with authority do their duty
until the contrary appears. It is easy to suppose
why the return of Lincoln was rejected. It may
have been so imperfect upon its face as to foroid
its being received. Itissaid, by-the gentleman at
my left, that "he would not suffer any one to take
his seat unless he produced a certificate perfect in
all its parts. How, then, will the ether gentleman
take his seat, having no certificate' Mr L said
both the gentlemen were strangers to him, but that
he could assure them and the House that when he
should be called upon to vote upon the first decis-
ion, his vote should be cast for him who should
satisfy his mmd he had received the majority of
legal votes.
Mr. MARSHALL said the question was now
narrowed down to a small point. It was not easy
to say what was sufficient prima facte evidence of
election; but when a member's credentials were
questioned he must produce such credentials as
other membeis bring of their election Any one
may present himself m the Hall for qualification,
and upon this prima facte evidence might be sworn
in, if no one disputed his right He utterly de-
nied that the certificate produced by Mr Moore
amounted to sufficient evidence of his election, and
we would not undertake to guess at reasons which
might account for its informality. Any court of
justice would decide that this certificate did not
prove the mam fact which it was offered to prove,
viz the election of Mr Moore by a majority of
the votes in the five counties composing the fifth
district.   The poll books themselves were the very
