1833,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
best evidence of an election, and the certificate was
simply a substitute for the record of the fact itself,
Nowit ceased to be a substitute if it was not made
according to the laws of the State. There was no
pretense forsaymg that an informal certificate was
a substitute for the legal evidence of an election.
If it was informal in any one point, it ceased to
carry any authority with it. If all the sheriffs
did not sign it, it might as well be signed only by
one sheriff, or not signed at all. In the law of
Kentucky there was no provision for this case.
It was a casm omissus, which we had no right to
provide for. We must be bound by the law of
Kentucky regulating the elections, as that law now
stands. The Michigan case was totally different
from this. This certificate did not state a fact
upon which the election of Mr Moore could be
inferred. In the first instance, he contended that
the person who received the largest number of
votes was entitled to his seat, and, in the next
place, that no individual had produced the evi-
dence of his having received that majority
Mr ELLSWORTH said, that the difficulty
presented to his mind was this: Does the gentle-
man, Mr. Moore, present us a paper which is an
evidence of his election ? It appeared to him that
a majority of the sheriffs could not give a certifi-
cate, for the law of Kentucky expressly provided
that all the sheriffs of the several counties should
assemble and perform certain duties, one of which
was to sign this certificate. Suppose the certifi-
cate had asserted this. " We certify that, accord-
ing to the votes in four counties in the 5th district,
Thomas P. Moore is elected." Would that be
sufficient? Certainly not. But, in fact, they have
certified to nothing more, if to so much. The
question now is, who shall sit as a member from
the 5th district until the subject is investigated ?
And, in his opinion, the Hon. Mr. Moore did not
present such testimony as entitled him to a seat.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, it was conceded that
the preliminary question was to be decided upon
the sufficiency of the certificate. It is said that it
appears on the face of this certificate that the
votes of the county of Lincoln are not counted.
But does it appear on the face of the certificate
that any votes from Lincoln county were presented
to the sheriffs? The paper shows upon the dec-
laration of three sheriffs, that Thomas P. Moore
is duly elected by a majority of the qualified votes
of the district. The only question is, therefore,
whether the certificate of three sheriffs is sufficient,
for it is admitted that this paper would be deemed
sufficient had it been signed by the five sheriffs.
Where several persons are appointed to do a par-
ticular act, the law recognizes as valid the act of a
majority of those persons. This was a clear prin-
ciple, and if this be so, it ends the question.
Mr POLK rose to offer some precedents bear-
ing on this case He held in his hand the original
manuscript report on a contested election in the
20th congressional district of New York, which
was in point. By the law of New York, certain
officers called the state canvassers, must certify the
election of each member The canvassers returned
the name of Daniel Huggemn, without the word
junior, m consequence of which Mr. Ten Eyck
was returned as a member. Two hundred and
seventy-four votes were lost to Mi Huggemn by
the omission of "Junior" in the return, and the
certificate was given to Mr. Ten Eyck. The cer-
tificate stated the facts of the case, and Mr Hug-
gemn appeared at the bar of the House and alleged
that he had been duly elected, for that he was the
Daniel Huggemn, Jun , who had been voted for,
as he offeied to piove. But the House gave the
seat to Mr Ten Eyck for the time, and after in-
vestigating the facts in the usual manner, gave the
seat to Mr Huggemn He referred to another
case of the same sort, in which Mr Fisher was
returned from NewYoik, instead of Silas Wnght,
Jr , because some of the votes given for Mi
Wright were not counted by the canvassers Mr
JTisher was qualified, and subsequently the seat
was given to Mr Wright The House never pre-
tended, at first, to go beyond the certificate, our
course was a clear one, according tothepiecedents
laid down
Mr WARD WELL went into some explana-
tions of the New York cases referred to by the
member from Tennessee In the case of Mr.
Wnght all the votes were not counted, but Mr.
Fisher, contrary to the wishes of his own friends,
and notwithstanding that the fact of Mr. Wright's
election was undisputed, came here and piesented
himself for qualification. The evidence that Mr.
Wright had been elected was so plain that not a
member of the House contradicted it. But still
the House, following its usual course, suffered Mr
Fisher to take his seat, and subsequently, after
the report of a committee, the seat was given to
Mr. Wright
Mr. ALLAN called for the reading of certain
papers which he named, from which he would
show that the votes given in the different counties
were as follows:
Letcher.          Moore.
Jessamine...........581.........489
Garrard............1175.........248
Anderson...........99.........436
Mercer...............686........1469
Lincoln..............650.........501
3191              3143
Majority for Letcher, 48.
The Clerk proceeded, at the request of Mr.
ALLAN, to read certificates of the number of
votes given in each county.
Mr POLK interposed, and objected to the
course pursued If we went into the subject at
all, we must hear the whole evidence in the shape
of depositions and affidavits, which the two parties
are prepared to offer. This would convert this
House, at this stage of the business, into an
examining committee. In his own opinion, we
had no right to go beyond the certificate
Mr. McKINLEY rose to point out a difference
between this case and the New York cases, for
in those cases, the certificates themselves showed
that there were other candidates who were voted
for. The evidence called for would not apply to
this ease
Mr BURGES said we must first ascertain
whether there is any case to examine before a
committee. If the law intended that each sheriff
should certify the return from his own county,
then a return of a portion of the sheriffs can give
no one a certificate which w ill entitle him to a seat.
Therefore, we have no knowledge that any one
was elected m the 5th district. We must, to ascer-
tain who is elected, go behind the certificate, and
approximate to the people We must go up to
the poll books if we wish to reach the truth
We have no paper which gives us any amount of
the votes in the several counties, unless it be the
papers the reading of which was called for The
certificate did not assume to give the votes of every
county.
Mr. POLK said he now understood that the
gentleman who contested this seat had been en-
gaged for two months in obtaining testimony,
some of which was ready, and some of which
was expected The House, therefore, if it goes
into the evidence at all, must continue to examine
it, and proceed in it as it comes m fiom day to
day, and no decision could be made until the
whole of it had been received. Advertising the
House of this fact, he would withdraw the objec-
tion to the reading of the paper
Mr EVANS moved an adjournment
The SPEAKER communicated to the House
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
removal of the deposites
On motion, the reading of the report was dis
pensed with, and ten thousand copies ordered to
be printed
The SPEAKER communicated to the House a
report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
cultivation of the sugar cane, a report from the
Board of Engineers, the annual Treasury repot t,
the annual report of the Treasurei; and the report
of the late Clerk of the House on the contingent
expenses of the House, all of which weie laid on
the table, and ordered to be punted ,
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Tihewat, December 5, 1833
On motion of Mr GRUNDY, it was
Oidered, That when the Senate ad]ourns  to-
day, it will adjourn to meet again on Monday
next.
The following message was received from t'ie
President of the United States, (throH^h Mi.
Donelson, his Private Secretary,) returning, with
his objecuons, the bill which originated tn the
Senate at its last session, " appiopriatmg for a
limited time the pioceeds of the"sales of the public
lands, and for other purposes "
To the Senate of the United States-
At the close of the last session of Congress I
received fiom that body a bill entitled « An act to
appropriate for o limited time the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands of the United States, and
for granting lands-to certain States " The brier
period then remaining before tne rising of Con-
gress, and the extreme pressure of official duties,
unavoidable on such-occasions, did not leave me
sufficient time for that full consideration of the
subject which was due to its great importance.
Subsequent consideration and reflection have,
however, confirmed the objections to the bill which
presented themselves to my mind upon its first
perusal, and have satisfied me that it ought not to
become a law I felt myself, therefore, constrained
to withhold from it my approval, and now return
it to the Senate, in which it originated, with the
reasons on which my dissent is founded.
I am fully sensible of the importance, as it re-
spects both the harmony and union of the States,
of making, as soon as circumstances will allow of
it, a proper and final disposition of the whole sub-
ject of the public lands, and any measure for that
object, providing for the reimbursement to the
United States of those expenses with which they
are justly chargeable, that may be consistent with
my views of the Constitution, sound policy, and
the rights of the respective States, will readily
receive my cooperation This bill, however, is
not of that character. The arrangement it contem-
plates is not permanent, but limited to five years
only, and in its terms appears to anticipate alter-
ations within that time, at the discretion of Con-
gress , and it furnishes no adequate security against
those continued agitations of the subject which it
should be the principal object of any measure for
the disposition of the public lands to avert
Neither the merits of the bill under consider-
ation nor the validity of theobjections which I have
felt it to be my duty to make to its passage, can be
correctly appreciated without a full understanding
of the manner in which the public lands, upon
which it is intended to operate, were acquired, and
the conditions upon which (hey are now held, by
the United States I will, therefore, precede the
statementof those objections by a brief but distinct
exposition of these points.
The waste lands within the United States con-
stituted one of the early obstacles to the organiza-
tion of any Government for the protection of their
common interests. In October, 1777, while Con-
gress were framing the Articles of Confederation,
a proposition was made to amend them to the fol-
lowing effect, viz
" That the United States in Congress assembled,
' shall have the sole and exclusive right and power
' to ascertain and fix the western boundary of such
' States as claim to the Mississippi or South sea,
' and lay out the land beyond the boundary so
' ascertained into separate and mdependentStates,
' from time to time, as the numbers and circum-
' stances of the people thereof may íequire "
It was, however, rejected, Mat y land only voting
foi it, and so difficult did the subject appear, that
the patriots of that body agieed to waive it in 'he
Articles of Confed elation, and leave it for future
settlement
On the submission of the articles to the several
State Legislatures for ratification, the most form-
idable objection was found to be in this rabject of
waste lands Maryland, Rhode Island, and New
Jersey, mstiucted their Delegates in Congress to
move amendments to them, providing ttiat the
waste or Crown lands should be considered the
common property of the Unittd States, but they
were i ejected All the States, except Marjland,
acceded to the arti les, notwithstanding borne of
them did so with the reseivation that their claim
to those lands, as common property, was not
tnereby abandoned
On the sole ground that no declaration to that
effect was contained in theartides Maryland with-
held her ass nt, and in May, 1779, embodied her
objections in the foim of instruc ions to hei Del-
