1833.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     11
necessary for securing the title in such soil to the
bona fide purchasers."
This condition has been exacted from the peo- '
pleof all the new Territores; and, to put its obli-
gation beyond dispute, each new State carved out
of the public domain has been required explicitly '
to recognize it as one of the conditions of admis- !
sion into the Union.   Someof them have declared, ¡¡
through their conventions, in separate acts, that  j
their people" forever disclaim all right and title to ;!
the waste and unappropriated lands lying within [:
this State, and that the same shall be, and remain, '\
at the sole and entire disposition of the United ¡|
States."                                                                          .,
With such care have the United States reserved '
to themselves, in all their acts down to this day— "
in legislating for the Territories and admitting ;¡
States into the Union—the unshackled power to ']
execute, in good faith, the compacts of cession ¡j
made with the original States. From these facts i j
and proceedings it plainly and certainly results— ¡i
1.   That one of the fundamental principles on I1
which the Confederation of the United States was ;;
originally based, was that the waste land of the '.
West, within their limits, should be the common ||
property of the United States.                                    j
2.  That those lands were ceded to the United |
States by the States which claimed them, and the ¡
cessions were accepted on the express coadition
that they should be disposed of for the common
benefit of the States, according to their respective
proportions in the general charge and expenditure,
and for no other purpose whatsoever.
3.   That, in execution of these solemn compacts,
the Congress of the United States did, under the
Confederation, proceed to sell these lands, and put
the avails into the common Treasury, and, under
the new Constitution, did repeatedly pledge them ;
for the payment of the public debt of the United j
States, by which each State was expected to profit !
in proportion to the general charge to be made !
upon it for that object.                                                 |
These are the first principles of this whole sub- ¡
ject, which, I think, cannot be contested by any |
one who examines the proceedings of the revolu-
tionary Congress, the cessions of the several
States, and the acts of Congress under the new
Constitution. Keeping them deeply impressed
upon the mind, let us proceed to examine how far
the objects of the cessions have been completed,
and see whether those compacts are not still oblig-
atory upon the United States.
The debtfor which these lands were pledged by j
Congress may be considered as paid, and they are, |
consequently, released from that lien.   But that |
pledge formed no part of the compacts with the
States, or of the conditions upon which the ees- i
sions were made.    It was a contract between new ¡
parties—between the United States and their cred- '
ltors.    Upon payment o'f the debts the compacts
.remain in full force, and the obligation of theUni- ,;
ted States to dispose of the lands for the common ']
benefit is neither  destroyed   nor  impaired.    As
they cannot now be executed  in that mode, the
only legitimate question which can anseis.m what
other way are these lands to be hereafter disposed
of for the common benefit of the several States '
" according to their respective and usual proportion in
the general charge and expenditure'/"   The cessions
of Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia, in ex- ¡j
press terms, and all the rest impliedly, not only ¡j
provide thus specifically the proportion according   ¡
to which each Slate shall piofit by the proceeds of
the land sales, but they proceed to declare that they   j
shall be "faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that   ;
purpose, and for no other tise or purpose whatsoever."   i
This is the fundamental law of the land at this   j
moment, growing out of compacts which are older   [
than the Constitution, and formed the corner-stone  j
on which the Union itself was erected.                      !
In the practice of the Government the proceeds :
of the public lands have not been set apart as a
separate fund for the payment of public debt; but ■'.
have been, and are now, paid into the Treasury, ,
where they constitute a part of the agsregate of j
revenoe'upon which the Government draws as
well for its current expendituresasforpayment of .;
the public debt. In this manner they have here- j
tofore, and do now, lessen the general charge upon ¡
the people of the several States in the exact pro- ¡
portions stipulated in the compacts.                           j
These general charges have been composed not !l
only of the public debt and the usual expenditures
attending the civil and military administrations of
the Government, but of the amounts paid to the
States with which these compacts wtre formtd,
the amounts paid the Indians for their right of
possession, the amounts paid for the puichase of
Louisiana and Florida, and the amounts paid sur.
veyors, registers, receivers, clerks, &c, employed
in preparing for-market and selling the western
domain. From the origin of the land system
down to September 30.1S32, the amount exnended
for all these purposes has been about $49.701 230;
and the amount received from the sales, deduct-
ing: payments on account of roads, &c, about
$38 386,624 The revenue arising from ihe public
lands, therefore, has not been sufficient to meet
the general charges on the Treasury which have
grown out of them, by about §11,314,G56. Yet,
in having been applied to lessen those charges,the
conditions of the compacts have been thus'fur
fulfilled, and each State has profited according to
its usual proportion in the general charge and
expenditure. The annual proceeds of land sales
have increased and the charges have diminished,
so that at a reduced price those lands would now
defray all current charges growing out of them,
and save the Treasury from further advances on
their account. Their original intent and object,
therefore, would be accomplished as fully as it has
hitherto been by reducing the price, and hereafter,
as heretofore, bringing the proceeds into the
Treasury. Indeed, as this is the only mode in
which the objeets of the original compacts can be
attained, it may be considered, for all practical
purposes, that it is one of their requirements.
The bill before me begins with an entire subver-
sion of every one of the compacts by which the
United States became possessed of their western
domain, and treats the subject as if they never had
existence, and as if the United States were the
original and unconditional owners of all the public
lands.   The first section directs—
" That from and after fhe 31st day of Decem-
ber, 1832, there shall be allowed and paid to each
of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Alabama,
Missouri, Mississippi, and Louisiana, over and
above what each of the said States is entitled to by
the terms of the compacts entered into between
them respectively, upon their admission inio the
Union, and the United States, the sum of twelve
and a half per centum upon the net amount of the
sales of the public lands which, subsequent to the
day aforesaid, shall be made within the several
limits of the said States; which said sum of twelve
and a half per centum shall be applied to some
object or objects of internal improvement or edu-
cation in the said Slates, under the direction of
their several Legislatures."
This twelve and a half per centum is to be taken
out of the net proceeds of the land sales before any
appointment is made; and the same seven States
which are first to receive this proportion, are also
to receive their due proportion of the residue,
according to the ratio of general distribution.
Now, waiving all considerations of equity or
policy in regard to this provision, what more need
be said to demonstrate its objectionable character
than that it is in direct and undisguised violation
of the pledge given by Congress to the States
before n single cession was made; that it abrogates
the condition upon which someof the States came
into the Union; and that it sets at naujht the
terms of cession spread upon the face of every
grant under which the title to that portion of the
public lands is held by the Federal Govern-
ment?
In the apportionment of the remaining seven
eighths of the proceeds, this bill, in a manner
equally urdiegmsed, violates the condition upon
which the United States acquired title to the ceded
lands. Abandoning altogether the ratio of distri-
bution accouling to the general charge and expend-
iture, provided by the compacts, it adopts that of
the Federal representative population. Virginia,
and other States which ceded their lands upon
the express condition that they should receive a
benffit from their sales in proportion to their part
of the general charge, are by the bill allowed only
a portion—seven eighths of their proceeds—and
that not in the proportion of general charge and
expenditure, but m the ratio of their Federal rep-
resentative population.
The Constilution of the United States did not
delegate to Congress the power to abrogate these
compacts. On the-contrary, by declaring that
nothing in it "shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United States, or of any particular
State," it virtually provides that these compacts
and i ho rights they secure shall remain untouched
by the legislative powi r, which shall only make
ail "needful rule-: and regulations" for carrying
them into effect. All beyond this would seem to
be an assumption of undelegated power.
These aneieat compacts are invaluable monu-
ments of an a<re of virtue, patnothm, and disin-
terestedness. Tney exhibit the piice that great
States, which had won liberty, were willing to
pay for that union, without winch they plainly
saw it could not be preserved. It was not for
territory or State power that our revolutionary,
fathers took up arms; it was for individual liberty
and the right of self-government. The expulsion
from the continent of British armies and British
power was to them a barren conquest, if, through
the collisions of the redeemed States, the individ-
ual rights for which they fought should become
the prey of petty military tyrannies established at
home. To avert such consequences, and throw
around liberty the shield of union, States, whose
relative strength at the time gave them a prepon-
derating power magnanimously sacrificed do-
mains '. bich would have made them the rivals of
empires, only stipulating that they should be dis-
posed of for the common benefit of themselves and
the other confederated States. This enlightened
policy produced union; and has secured liberty,
it has made our waste lands to swarm with a busy
people, and added many powerful Sta'es to our
Confederation. As well for the fruits which these
noble works of our ancestors have produced as
for the devotedness in which they originated, we
should hesitate before we demolish them.
But there are other principles asserted in the
bill which would have impelled me to withhold
my signature, had I not seen in it a violation of the
compacts by which the United States acquired
title to a large portion of the  public lands. It
reasserts the principle contained in the bill au-
thorizing a subscription to the stock of the Mays-
ville, Washington, Paris, and Lexington Turnpike
Road Company, from which I was compelled to
withhold my consent for reasons contained in my
message of the 27th May, 1830, to the House
of Representatives. The leading principle then
asserted was, that Congress possesses no con-
stitutional power to appropriate any part of the
moneys of the United States for otjects of a local
character, within the States. That principle, I
cannot be mstaken in supposing, has received
the unequivocal sanction of the American people,
and all subsequent reflection has but satisfied me
more thoroughly that the interests of our people,
and the purity of our Government, if not its ex-
istence, depend on its observance. The public
lands are the common property of the United
Stttes, and the moneys arising from their sales
are a part of the public revenue. This bill pro-
poses to raise from and approptiate a portion of
this publicrevenue to certain States, providing ex-
pressly that it shall " be applied to objects of inter-
nal improvement or education icithin those States,"
and then proceeds to appropriate the balance to
all the States, with the declaration that it shall be
applied " to such pin poses as Ihe Legislatures of the
said respective States shall deem proper." The former
appropriation is expressly for internal improve- <
menta or education, without qualification as to
the kind of improvements, and, therefore, in ex-
press violation of the principle maintained in my
objections to the turnpike road bill above re-
! feired to. The latter appropriation is more broad,
• and gives the money to be applied to any local
purpose whatsoever, it wil! not be denied that,
under the provisions of the bill, a portion of the
money mt^ht have been applied to making the
■i very road to which the bill of 1830 had reference;
Í and must, of course, come within the scope of the
j same principle. If the money of the United States
i cannot be applied to local purposes through its own
1 agents, as little can it be permitted to be thus
I expended through the agency of the Slate govern-
i menu.
■     It has been supposed that with all the reductions
•' in our revenue which could  be speedily effected
