THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1833
Vol. 1....NO. 2.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 9, 1833.
The PRESIDENT pro tern presented the cre-
dentials of the Hon. WILLIAM C. PRESTON,
elected a Senator from the State of South Caro-
lina to supply the vacancy occasioned by the resig-
nation of the Hon. Stephen D. Miller.
Also, the credentials of the Hon. SAMUEL
McKEAN, elected a Senator from the State of
Pennsylvania, lu the place of the Hon. George
M  Dallas, whose term of service had expired.
He also informed the Senate of the receipt of
credentials of the Hon. DANIEL WEBSTER,
reelected a Senator from the State of Massachu-
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the cre-
dentials of the Hon. SAMUEL L. SOUTHARD,
elected a Senator from New Jersey in the place
of the Hon. Mahlon Dickerson, whose term of
service had expired.
Whereupon Messrs. WEBSTER, SOUTH-
ARD, and PRESTON appeared, were qualified,
and tooK their seats.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the creden-
tials of the election of the Hon Mr. ROBBINS
were referred to the special committee appointed
on that subject.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the election of a Secretary; when it ap-
peared that Wai ter Lowrie was unanimously
elected, he having received 39 votes.
The Senate then proceeded to the election of a
Sergeant-at-Arms, when it appeared that
William Robinson had.............5 votes.
Mountjoy Bailey.................2     "
John Shackford..................25     "
O.S.Hall.......................1     "
Edward Wyer...................2    "
W.Henry......................1     "
Major Randolph.................  I     "
So it appeared that John Shackford, having re-
ceived a majority of votes, was duly elected Ser-
geant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper.
The Senate then proceeded to the election of an
Assistant Doorkeeper; when it appeared that Ste-
phen Haight was elected on the sixth ballot.
The ballotings were as follows:
1st   2á  3d. Ith  5th   6th.
Stephen Haight.......6    12   15   19   20   20
William Robinson.... 8     2   14   16   16   17
O  S Hall............5     6     5     3     11
Watkms.............6     3     0     0     0     0
James Young.........2     10     0     0     0
W. H  Campbell......2     0     0     0     0     0
Edwaid Wyer........1     2     2     0     10
Thomas Fillebrown, ji..l      0      0     0     0     0
Charles Curtis........1      10     0      0      0
Nevms...............2     0     0     0     0     0
John Taliaferro........2     3     3     2     0     0
J  Coxe..............0     0     0     12     0
T. Brown, jr.........0     0     0    0     0     1
Mr. CLAY moved the postponement of the
choice of Chaplain; which, on motion of Mr.
CHAMBERS, of Maryland, was appointed to
take place to-mo>row.
Mr. BENTON proposed a resolution calling
for information from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury relative to the amount of public moneys de-
posited in the United States Bank
Mr. CLAY moved that the resolution be laid on
the table, not that he had any objection to the
íesolution itself, but he wished that the country
should have an opportunity of ascertaining the
condition of other banks as well as that of the
United States
The resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN, on leave given, presented a
bill to repeal the act of last session, providing for
the cullecticn of dutieb on impoits, which passed
to a second reading
Mr BENTON, pursuant to notice and on leave
given, presented a bill granting to the State of
Missouu a certain quantity of land for purposes
2
of internal improvement, &c.; which was read a
first time and passed to a second reading
Also, a joint resolution relative to an alteration
of the Constitution of the United States in rela-
tion to the election of President and Vice Pres-
ident of the United States; which, on motion of
Mr. BIBB, was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a bill to graduate the pnces of the public
lands longest in the market; which was passed to
a second reading.
Mr. MOORE, on leave given, presented a bill
to establish a pension agency in North Alabama,
which passed to a second reading.
Mr. WEBSTER gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, introduce a bill to provide for compen-
sating certain citizens of the United States for
French spoliations upon their commerce.
The Assistant Doorkeeper, Stephen Haight,
here presented himself and was sworn into office.
The resolution altering the 34th rule of the Sen-
ate, in relation to the appointmentof standing com-
mittees, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. SPRAGUE was m favor of the proposed
amendment of the rule His object was to restore
to the Senate the business of choosing its own
committees. Power should never be unnecessa-
rily delegated. He thought the appointment of
committees was of the utmost importance, and
should always be exercised by the Senate itself,
unless great inconvenience should be found to re-
sult from it. Committees might be denominated
the eye of this body. Their information is sent
forth to the world, and that had a material effect
in the formation of public opinion. He was not
presenting to the Senate, to adopt, anything of a
novel nature, but to return to the usages of the
body long since adopted. From the first Congress
until the year 1823 the standing committees were
elected by the Senate. In 1828 or '29 the change
was made, giving to the Vice President the power
of appointment, and he thought it ought now to be
resumed
Mr. GRUNDY was opposed to any alteration
of the rule, and was not prepared to vote for any,
unless there was Btrong probability that some
benefit was to result from it. He admitted that
there had been a great diversity of practice in that
body on that subject. Originally the Senate had
elected its own committees, but were induced to
change the practice from the embarrassments
which arose out of it. And he saw a great diffi-
culty that would arise again. A plurality would
elect a committee. Five votes might, and ten in
many instances would, place particular members
on important committees. He had seen but little
inconvenience result from the rule as it at present
stands, too little, indeed, to authorize a change
now to be made. Some gentlemen had ability to
discharge duties which others had not; and giving
the power of appointment to one individual would
enable him to equalize and distribute the duties
and labors of gentlemen better than would lesult
by leaving it to chance He was glad to hear that
this motion was not predicated upon any objec-
tion to the present presiding officer, and until some
better objections could be produced against the
present rule, he should vote to support it
Mr BIBB wished to understand what would
be the rule of the Senate if this resolution was
adopted A majority would elect a chairman,
and a plurality choose the other members of the
committees. He would move an amendment to
the proposition, that a majority should be neces-
sai y to a choice of each of the members of the
committee. He had seen foui or five elect a com-
mit'ee. This was no election by the ayes, but was
entirely the íesult of chance. He would, there-
fore, move the amendment which he had sug-
gested, which was adopted
Mr KING, of Alabama, was opposed to the
whole proposition He thought it must be appa-
rent, that if it was adopted three fourths oí the
time would be consumed in the election of standing
committees. The inconvenience of the balloting
system had caused the Senate to run into the other
extreme, and give the whole power of appoint-
ment to one individual, the Viee President. This
seemed like something indelicate to the Presiding
Officer. The proposed system would place many
of the same members on so many committees as
to make it objectionable in that respect. The
existing rule ensures a parceling out and equal-
izing of the duties and burdens of business, and
members would be selected with reference to their
various qualifications.
Mr CHAMBERS made a few remarks in sup-
port of the proposed alteration, which were inaud-
ible in the gallery, except that he was understood
as maintaining the position that the political com-
plexion of the committees ought to accord with
that of the Senate.
Mr. W RIGH#was unfavorable to an alteration
of the rule for the present. He had not the ad-
vantage of experience, but he had reflected on the
subject, the committees require a duplicate of all
the members of the Senate, and, therefore, choice
and not chance ought to prevail in selecting them.
The former objection was, that the Vice President
not being selected by the Senate, nor*accountable
to them, should not appoint the committees, and it
was transferred to the Presiding Officer, who was
■one of the body. The adoption of the rule in 1828
was considered as an intimation to the Vice Presi-
dent that he should relieve the Senate from the
inconvenience of electing committees, and give
them an opportunity of appointing one of their
own body to perform that duty.
[The honorable gentleman here referred to the
Journals to show that the Vice President was not
in the habit of taking his seat in the Senate until
a much later period m the session than the pres-
ent ]
The honorable gentleman did not know why the
Vice President had absented himself, but he [Mr.
W.] believed he had done so from respect to the
Senate, and in compliance with the practice of the
Senate and existing rules.
Mr. CLAY made some remarks in support of
the amended rule, which we are compelled to
omit.
Mr. BIBB then moved to reconsider the vote
adopting his amendment; which was agreed to,
and the amendment was then negatived.
The question of adopting the resolution On its
original shape) being about to be put, the Préfldmg
Officer [Mr. White] asked to be excused from
voting, which
Mr. POINDEXTER briefly objected to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN said he felt seriously
embarrassed by the preseat proposition, and as he
wished time to consider of it, he moved that the
Senate adjourn; which was agreed to.
Adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, December 9, 1833
Messis WISE and PLUMMER appeared,
were qualified, and took their seats
The several standing committees were an-
nounced from the chair, as follows.
Elections—Messrs Claiborne, Griffin, Haw-
kins of North Carolina, Banks, Vanderpoel,
Jones of Geo-sia, Peyton, Hsmer, and Hannegan
Ways and Means —Messrs Polk, Wilde, Cam-
breleng, Gorham, McKim, Bmney, Loyall, Me-
Kinley, and Hubbaid
Claims —Messrs Whitilesey of Ohio, Barber,
Mcintire, Giennell, H King, Gholson, Cramer,
Forester, and Bynum.
Vommei ce —Messrs Sutherland, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Harper, Foot, MoKay, Lawrence,
Pinckney, Heath, and Selden
Public Lands —Messrs Clay, Duncan, Boon,
Maion, Clayton, Slade of Vermont, Leavitt,
Ashley, and Inge
£W Offices and Post Soads —Messrs Conner,
Kavanagh, Pearce of Rhode Island, Ihomis of
