16                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              Dec. 5.
of that river, the sooner will they be relieved from
the embarrassments of their present position, and
placed in a situation where they may physically
and morally improve, andjook forward to a pros-
perous and permanent destiny. All the reports
which reach the Department upon this subject
concur in the representation that the emigrants
already there are comfortable and contented, that
the region assigned to them is fertile, salubrious,
and as extensive as they and their descendants for
many generations can require They are making
improvements and erecting dwellings, and evi
dently laying the foundations of a social system
which it is to be hoped will afford them security
and prosperity. As a striking proof of their im-
provement and of the quantity of provisions raised
among them, it may be stated that one of the
contracts for furnishing provisions has been taken
by a Choctaw, who is said to have a supply of
his own amply sufficient to enable him to meet his
engagement. It is fortunate for the Indians them-
selves and for the great cause of humanity, that
the efforts of the Government to persuade them
peaceably and voluntarily to remove, are every
year crowned with more and more success. Since
the last annual report from this Department, the
conditional arrangement made by the Seminóles
for their emigration has been rendered absolute by
a personal inspection of the country proposed for
their residence. They have examined and are
satisfied with it, and if the treaty should be ratified
by the Senate they will soon leave the Territory
of Florida. An arrangement has also been made
with the separate bands in that Territory by
which they have agreed to emigrate, and thus
provision has been made for the removal of the
whole Indian population from Florida.
The treaty with the Chickasaws has terminated
all difficulties with that tribe. It is understood
that the exploring party provided for in that in-
strument are about to commence their journey
with a view to select a residence west of the Mis-
sissippi. If they succeed, they will remove within
the period limited. If they do not, and choose
to remain, they will become, with their own con-
Bent, citizens of Mississippi, and will occupy, as
absolute owners the several tracts of land as-
signed to them.
The obligations assumed by the United States
in the treaty with the Choctaws for the removal
of those Indians have been fullfilled  From the
reports which have-been made to the Department,
it appears that about fifteen thousand individuals
of this tribe have been removed. A party, esti-
mated to contain fiom fifteen hundred to thiee
thousand persons, have changed then usual place
of residence in Alabama, and have declined accom-
panying the other Indians in their emigration. It
is believed that this party is composed principally
of the worst portion of the tribe, and that they
intend to hang upon the white settlements in order
to indulge the vicious habits they have acquired.
As the Government has scrupulously fulfilled its
engagements with these people, which terminate
with this year, and as every exertion has been
made by the proper agents to induce them to re-
move, nothing remains but to leave them to the
results of their own experience. It cannot be long
before they will see the necessity of rejoining the
great body of the tribe.
Satisfied as you have been that the very exist-
ence of the Creeks in Alabama required their es-
tablishment in the country west of the Mississippi,
where so many of their tribe already reside, you
have not hesitated to embrace every opportunity
which offered of accomplishing this object. In-
structions have been three times given to ascer-
tain their views, and to endeavor to persuade them
to acquiesce in this course The two first attempts
proved unsuccessful. The result of the last is
unknown Independent of the general reasons
ai icing out of our Indian relations which operated
to induce these efforts, the peculiar state of things
among these Indians, and a strong desire to remove
the difficulties connected with them, had much
influence in directing the negotiations
The Sacs and Foxes have quietly removed to
the region assigned to them, and the Wmnebagoes
have left the country upon Rock river, agieeably
to the stipulations of tjie treaty with them, and re-
tired across the Mississippi to their lands noith
ot the Ouisconsin
Treaties have been formed with the Pottawato-
mies, Chippewas, and Ottowas, claiming the dis-
tuct on the west side of Lake Michigan, south of
Green Bay and north of Chicago, for iw cession
to the United States, and with the Pottawatomies
of the peninsula of Michigan for the relinquish-
ment of their reservation south of Grand river
With the exception, therefore, of the Miamies
in the State of Indiana, of a band of Wyandots
at Upper Sandusky in Ohio, and of scattered por-
tions of the Ottowas and Chippewas in the penin-
sula of Michigan, north of Giand river, and of
Saganaw Bay, probably not exceeding altogether
five thousand individuals, the whole country north
of the Ohio and east of the Mississippi, including
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, ana the
Territory of Michigan as far as the Fox and Ouis-
consm rivers, has been cleared of the embarrass-
ments of Indian relations, and the Indians them
selves have either already emigrated or have stip
ulated to do so within limited periods, and upon
such terms as will ensure them adequate subsist-
ence and the means of establishing themselves
comfortably in their new residence, unless, indeed,
theaid and efforts of the Government are rendered
useless by their habitual indolence and improvi-
dence TheCherokees, occupying portions of land
in Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina, and Ten-
nessee, and probably not exceeding eleven thou-
sand persons, are the only Indians south of the
Orno and east of the Mississippi with whom an
arrangement has not been made, eitherfor emigra-
tion or for a change of political relations It is to
be regretted that the same causes which have here-
tofore prevented an adjustment of the difficulties
of that tribe and their removal west yet continue
to defeat the efforts of the Government. These
causes are no doubt principally to be traced to the
ascendency of particular individuals, and to their
desire to retain political influence and power. It is
expected that about five hundred of these Indians
will remove west this season, and the residue of
the Cherokees then remaining east of the Missis-
sippi will be, agreeably to previous computations,
about ten thousand five hundred.
The commissioners west of the Mississippi are
engaged in the execution of the duties connected
with our Indian relations in that quarter They
have succeeded in arranging satisfactorily the dis-
puted question of boundaries between the Creeks
and Cherokees, which has for some time occasioned
much embarrassment. They have also formed
treaties with the Creeks, the Cherokees, the Séne-
cas, and Shawnees, the Quapaws, and the Semi-
nóles of Florida, by which all matters connected
with these tribes have been satisfactorily adjusted.
Their labors will be now directed to the other
subjects indicated in their instructions, and which
are important to a permanent arrangement of the
various questions arising out of the new state of
things which will be created in that region. Among
these one of the most interesting is a practical
plan for regulating the intercourse of the various
tribes, indigenous and emigrant, with one another,
and with the United States, and for the establish-
ment of some general principles by which their
own internal government can be safely adminis-
tered by themselves, and a geneial superintending
authority exercised by the United States, so far
as may be necessary to restrain hostilities among
them and incursions into our borders Until
such a system is adopted, it is evident that the con-
dition of those Indians cannot be secure, nor wift
the obligation imposed upon the Government be
fulfilled. The task requires an intimate knowledge
of the local circumstances of the tribes of that re-
gion and of the country they inhabit, and a prac-
tical acquaintance with Indian habits, feelings, and
mode of life I trust the commissioners will be
able to report a plan which will fulfill the expecta-
tion of those who have observed with solicitude
the course of this matter, and which will eventu-
ally secure the prosperity of the Indians As it
is probable, however, that this cannot be effected
within the time limited for the duties of the com-
missioners, I would respectfully suggest the pro-
priety of their term of service being prolonged
until the close of the next year
There have been presented for allowance under
the pension act of June 6, 1832, thirty thousand
six hundí ed claims The whole of these have
been examined, and either admitted, rejected, or
returned to the paities for supplementaiy action.
1 Twenty three thousand four hundied and thirty 
1 eight certificates have been issued   eleven hundied
I and eleven claims have been rejec'ed, three hun-
' died  returned cases are m the office awaiting or
undergoing reexamination, thirteen hundred and
fifty one, which aie incomplete in their proofs, are
suspended until these are furnished, and four thou-
sand four hundred and twenty five are in the hands
of the parties for additional evidence or authenti-
cation, or in tiansUu between them and the office
It is creditable to the industry and efficiency of
the Pension Office that such a mass of business
should have been peiformed within  the period
which has elapsed since the passage of the above
law.    I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
sir, your obedient servant,
LEW- CASS.
To the President op the United States.
Notwithstanding it is positively asserted
in the Piospectus for this paper that no
subscription will be received unless payment
is made in advance, many persons have
requested it to be sent to them without
making the advance. We cannot comply
with such requests. The price is fixed
so low that we would lose money on the
publication if we were to open accounts
for it, even should every one be finally set-
tled.
Postmasters who have received such
sums as cannot be remitted by mail, will
please refund it to the subscribers.
We will print a sufficient number of
copies to supply all who have subscribed,
whenever they comply with the terms..
F> om the Pennsylvania Reporter.
CLERK TO CONGRESS
Our readers will perceive by the Con-
gressional news copied from the Wash-
ington Globe of yesterday, that Col. Walter
S. Franklin, of this place, has been elected
Clerk of the House of Representatives
by the friends of the Administration in
that body. This intelligence will be truly
gratifying to the numerous friends of Col.
Franklin in Pennsylvania, and will meet
the hearty approval of the Democratic party
at large, who, in this instance, see an hon-
orable and patriotic member placed in an
enlarged sphere of usefulness, both as re-
gards the public interest and his own
private welfare. We have long been ac-
quainted with Col. Frankhn. and feel a
most perfect assurance in the belief that
he will hold the esteem of the august body
in which he now occupies so responsible
a station, while official fitness, sound prin-
ciples, and liberal manners are held in
deserved veneration by its members.
WALTER S. FRANKL N, Esq
This   gentleman has for a number of
years officiated as Clerk to the State Senate,
and is now announced by the Washington
l Globe as a candidate for the clerkship in
the House of Representatives.
' As an individual, qualified by lonir ex-
perience, talent, a high sense of moral and
political integrity, we doubt whether his,
superior can be found. Col. Fianklm ha„
always been a staunch and thorough-going
Democrat, and zealously d< voted to the
National Administration We hopo he 
may be elected —Upland (Penn ) Union.
