18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
Louisiana, Bnggs, Murphy, Lane, Lytle, and
La porte
Distnct of Columbia—Messrs Chinn, W B
Shepard, McKennon, Stoddert, Allen of Virginia,
Dennis, Hiester, Fillmoie, and Taylor
Jwhcmiy—Messis Bell of Tennessee, Ells-
worth, Poster, Gordon, Beardsley, Thomas of
Maiyland, Hardin, Parks, and Pierce of New-
Hampshire
Revolutionary Claims —Messrs. Muhlenberg,
Crane, Bates 01 Massachusetts, Standifer, Bouldm,
Marshall, Young, Baylies, and Turrill.
Public Expendilxa es —Messrs. Davenport, Lyon,
Paige, Olarke of Pennsylvania, Tweedy, Gillet,
Hall of Vermont, McLene, and Kinnard.
Piivale Land Claims —Messrs Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Mardis^ Can, Galbraith, Mann of New
York, Cage, Pelder, Casey, and Bull
Manufactures —Messrs. Adams of Massachu-
setts, Huntington of Connecticut, Denny, Davis
of South Caiohna, Corwm, Dickerson, Martin-
dale, McComas, and Osgood.
Agncultwe —Messrs. Bockee, Taylor of Vir-
ginia, Hathaway, Barnitz, Bean, Dunlop, Clow-
ney, Turner, and Davis of Kentucky
Indian Affairs—Messrs Lewis, Gilmer, Mc-
Carty, Everett of Vermont, Graham, Allen of
Ohio, Dickinson of Tennessee, Howell, and Love.
Militan y Affavts —Messrs Johnson of Kentucky,
Vance, Speight, Ward, Blair of South Carolina,
Thompson of Ohio, Burd, Coffee, and Bunch.
Naval Affairs —Messis White of New York,
Williams, Watmough, Patton, Lansing, Reed,
Grayson, Parker, and Smith
Foieign Affaus —Messrs Archer, Everett of
Massachusetts, Wayne, McDuffie, Hall of North
Carolina, Coulter, Jarvis, Pierson, and Carmi-
chael.
Territories —Messrs Williams, Allan of Ken-
tucky, Potts, Johnson of New York, Anthony,
Wilson of Virginia, Jones of Ohio, Ewmg, and
Gamble
Revolutionary Pensions —Messrs. Wardwell,
Bamnger, Tompkins, Mooie of Virginia, Lea,
Deming, W K Fuilei, Fowler, and Bell of Ohio.
Invalid Pensions —Messrs. Binges, Evans,
Beale, Schley, Adams of New York, Schenck,
Chilton, Ciianey, and Mitchell of Ohio
Roads and Canals—Messis. Mercer, Blair of
Tennessee, Vinton, Stewart, Rencher, Johnson
bf Maiyland, Lucas, Pope, and Slade of Illinois
Revisal and Unfinished Business —Messrs Dick-
son, Harrison of Pennsylvania, McVean, Shmn,
and Beatty
Accounts—Messrs Mann of Pennsylvania, Lee
of New Jeisey, Mitchell of New Yoik, Crockett,
and Miller
Exffenditui es in the Depat tment of Slate —A H
Sheppeid, Day, Beaumont, Bodle,and Patterson
Expenditiues m the Department of the Treasmy —
Mesera Allen of Vermont, P C Fuller, Harper
of Pennsylvania, Spangler, and Clark of N   Y.
Fxpendttures in the Depot tment of the Navy —
Messrs Hall of Maine, Huntington of New York,
Ramsey, Sloane, and Van Houten
Expenditaresmthe Üepaitment ofthePost Office —
Messrs Hawes, Fulton, Wagner, and Lee of
New Jersey
Expendiluiesm the Depai tment of Wat —Messrs.
Whittlesey of New York, Deberry, Chambers,
Webster of Ohio, and Halsey
Expenditures on the Public Buddings —Messrs
Whallon, Darlington, Blown, Henderson, and
Hard
The SPEAKER announced that on Wednesday
next the seveial States would be called in their
Older for the presentation of petitions.
Mr. PATTON submitted the following:
Resolved, That the following shall be established
as the 9 h rule of this House
" In all cases the Speaker shall vote, and if the
House be equally divided the question shall be
lost "
Mr PATTON said that the object which he had
in view was not in the slightest degree to change
the effect of the vote that might be given by the
Speaker for the time being, nor to increase any of
his poweis, but it was to restore to his constitu-
ents, and to himself, those high and valuable privi-
leges of which, by the present rule, he considered
he was unjustly deprived, and which pertained to
every Representative sent to the House.   The
honorable member argued at some length in sup-
poit of his resolution, from the rules, practices,
and usage of the House of Commons in England,
some of which he cited, and contended, at some
length, that they were not applicable to the mstitu
tions of this country Where the Speaker, having
to be approved of by the King, is not chosen sim-
ply by the Representatives of the people, there
might exist a reason for the present rule which
did not exist here. The practice of theSenate was
m strict accoidance with the rule he proposed for
their adoption, as in all cases the Piesident pro
tempore, chosen by that bodym the absence of the
President provided by the Constitution, exercised
the power of voting. Such was also the practice
in the great majority of the Houses of Assembly
in the various States of the Union, although dif-
fering in some slight degree as to the time when
the right should be exercised. He hoped, there-
fore, that his motion would be sustained by the
House, and thus they would restoieto the person-
age himself those rights, in the exercise of which
he would then be in the same respect as other
Representatives, subject to the control of that
which now constituted the great moral lever which
governs the world—public opinion.
Mr SUTHERLAND said that the rule pro-
posed to be modified had been in operation ever
since the year 1789 Coming from a State wheie
eveiy membei of the legislative body votes viva
voce, he thought the present rule ought to be abol-
ished. There was nothing in favor of the present
rulebutancientusage The Speaker's voteshould,
in his opinion, be recorded, with that of other
members, in order that his constituents may see
it, and the nation at large be able to judge by his
vote whether he is worthy of the chair or not
Here, in the great national council, every vote
ought to be given viva voce, and at a proper time
he should make a motion for the change of the
rules to that end We should then have no dis-
pute about the counting of ballots
Mr WAYNE was unable, by indisposition,
he said, to enter fully into the subject at this time
The gentleman from Virginia talks of giving the
Speaker the right to vote, as if he had not that
right at present But the fact is, that the present
íule gives him additional power and privileges as
a member In his own opinion the rule ought to
continue to stand as it now stood, but, as he was
unable to go fully into the question at present, he
would move the postponement of the further con-
sideration of the motion till Monday next.
Agreed to
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing messages; which were appropriately re-
fei red.
Washington, December 6,1833.
To the House of Representatives •
I transmit herewith to the. House of Represent-
ativesacommumcation from the War Department,
showing the circumstances under which the sum of
$5,000, appropriated for subsistence of the Army,
was transferred to the seivice of the medical and
hospital departments, and which, by the law au-
thorizing the transfer, are required to be laid befoie
Congress during the first of their session
ANDREW JACKSON
Washington, December 6, 1833.
To the House of Repi esentalmes ■
1 transmit herewith, for the information of the
House, the report of the survey made in pursu-
ance of the fourth section of the act of Congress
of the 4th July, 1832, authorizing " the survey of
canal routes in tne Territory of Florida "
ANDREW JACKSON.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
On motion of Mr GRENNELL, the House
proceeded to the election of a Chanlam
Mr. WARD nominated the Rev  Thomas H
Stockton.
Mr. CLAY nominated the Rev J. A. Copp.
Mr WHITE nominated the Rev. Wm. Ham-
mett
Mr ELLSWORTH nominated the Rev R.
R  Gurley
Mr EVANS nominated the Rev  Mi   Palfrey.
The several members proposing the respective
candidates were appointed tellers
On the first ballot 210 membeis voted—10S
being necessary to a choice.  There were for the—
Rev Mr. Stockton................104
Rev. J A. Copp..................33
Rev Wm. Hammett.............50
Rev  R  R  Guiley...............    6
Rev  Mr Palfrey.................    9
Rev  Mr  Smith..........        1
Blank      ............6
Scattering........................    1
None of the candidates having the requisite num-
ber, a second ballot took place, when 194 members
voted—98 necessary to a choice     For the—
Rev. Mr Stockton................143
Rev. Mr Copp   ..................10
Rev Mr Hammett............... 34
Rev  Mr Gurley..................    2
Rev  Mi  Palfrey.................    2
Rev Mr Smith..................   6
Blanks .........................    6
Whereupon the Rev Mr Stockton was declared
duly elected
After which, on motion of Mr STEWART,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Tuesday, December 10, 1833
Mr WEBSTER presented a petition fiom citi
zens of the city of Cincinnati, piaymg Congress to
purchase all private interests in the Louisville and
Portland canal; wmch was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr CLAY, on leave given, introduced a bill to
appropriate, for a limited time, the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands
Mr CLAY said that the bill contained no mate-
rial alteration from that of last session; ard, on
his motion, the bill was read the first time by its
title.
Mr CLAY moved to take up for consideration
the resolution submitted by Mr Benton in rela-
tion to the amount of moneys deposited in the
Bank of the United States; which was agreed to
When
Mr. CLAY offered the following amendment,
as an additional resolution, which was read and
agreed to-
And resolved, also, That the Secretary of the
Treasuiy be directed to report to the Senate the
names of all banks, and whei e they are respectively
situated, which have been selected by him, in place
of the Bank of the United States, as depositories
of the public money; the amount of the capital of
the said banks respectively, distinguishing between
what has been actually paid in by the stockhold-
ers and what has not been paid; the amount of
public money in each of the said banks on the first
of October, the fust of November, and the first of
December, 1833, distinguishing between the sums
standing to the individual credit of the United States
and those standing to the credit of any public offi-
cer, or other distinguished agent of the Govern-
ment, the"amount of debts due from each of the said
banks on each of the days aforesaid; the amount
of notes in circulation, and the amount of specie in
their vaults respectively, the names of the stock-
holders in each of the said banks on the first day
of September and the first day of October last, dis-
tinguishing between foreigners and citizens of the
United States; the mode in which tiansfers of the
public money were made from the Bank of the Uni-
ted States to the said banks respectively, whether
by warrants or otherwise, if by warrants, whether
they were issued in pursuance of appropuations
previously made by law, and whether any such
transfers were requested by the said banks.oi either
of them, or made by the Treasury, to sustain the
credit of the said bank, or any of them, and a copy
of all the correspondence between the Department
of the Treasury and the said banks, or either of
them, relating to the said transfers, or either of them,
at what periods the several charters of the banks
so designated as depositories of the public money
expire, copies of the said charters, and whether the
Secretary of the Treasury has been able to obtain
at all the ports of the United States at which banks
are established the consent of tanks to íeceive in
deposite the public money upon such conditions as
he approved, and if not, at what ports has be been
unable to obtain such consent
Mr FORSYTH, on leavegiven, presentedab II
to provide for the fulfilment of the compact of 1802
between the United States and Georgia
Mi CLAY moved that the report of the Secre-
