20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
tees is to facilitate and mature business for the
action of the Senate. The ordinary business did
not require that committees should be appointed
by ballot; he admitted there might be extraordina-
ry matters for consideration when the committees
ought to be chosen in that way, but in such exi-
gencies the choice of committees was completely
within the power of the Senate. He thought the
present rule was better calculated to attain the de-
sired end than any other. Were committees, he
would ask, to be chosen with reference to parties?
How many parties are there here? One, two,
three, four, or five? Certainly three, and there
was not a majority of that body of either party.
Were they to be chosen by arrangements made
out of doors, and with reference to partisan feel-
ings? He hoped not; and as the present mode of
choosing prevented such an interference, he thought
that it was best.
Mr. SPRAGUE made a few aditional remarks
in support of the proposed amendment of the rule,
after which the question being taken on his reso-
lution, was decided in the affirmative:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Calhoun, Chambers,
Clay, Ewing, Frelinghuyeen, Kent, Knight,
Mangum, Naudain, Poindexter, Prentice, Pres-
ton, Robbins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague,
Swift, Tomlinson, Tyler, and Webster—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Brown, For-
syth, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King,
Moore, Morris, Rives, Robinson, Shepley, Tal-
madge, Tipton, Wilkins, and Wright—18.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 10,1833.
On motion of Mr. McDTJFFIE, the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the removal of
the deposites was taken up and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
DEATH OF THE HON. T. D. SINGLETON.
Mr. PINCKNEY, of South Carolina, rose and
stated that he held in his hand certain resolutions
which he would respectfully ask leave to offer for
adoption by the House. He believed that it had
always been customary for the House to adopt
suitable tributes of respect to its deceased mem-
bers. The South Carolina delegation had heard,
with deep regret, of the death of their colleague,
the Hon. Thomas D. Singleton, and it was his
painful duty to communicate that mournful inform-
ation to the House. He died at Raleigh whilst
on his journey to the capital, whither he was has-
tening to assume his seat, and to discharge his du-
ties as a member of this body. It was a source
of grateful consolation to his colleagues to learn, as
they had done, that he received every possible at-
tention during his illness from the kindness and
humanity of the citizens of Raleigh, and that the
Legislature of North Carolina, in a manner equally
honorable to him and to themselves, had evinced
their respect for his public character and private
virtues, by attending his remains to the tomb. It
was true that the deceased had not had it in his
power to appear and qualify as a member of the
House; but as it was well known that he was a
Representative elect, and that he died whilst in the
very act of endeavoring to reach this city, he cer-
tainly deserved every testimonial of respect to
which he would have been entitled if he had actu-
ally qualified, and might justly be considered as
having literally fallen in the discharge of his du-
ties and in the service of his country. It was the
fortune of Mr. P. to have had but a slight per-
sonal acquaintance with the deceased, but that
.acquaintance, slight as it was, was sufficient to
impress him with a high respect for his intelli-
gence and virtues as a man, and with a deep con-
viction of his exalted purity and devotion as a
patriot. He would not detain the House, how-
ever, with anything like a regular eulogy of his
departed colleague. To those who knew him,
it would be entirely unnecessary—to those who
did not, it might prove uninteresting. It would
be sufficient, therefore, to say that he was emi-
nently honored and beloved by his constituents,
amongst whom he possessed, as he deserved, al-
most unequalled popularity and influence; and
that whilst his death inflicts a deep wound and an
irreparable loss upon his immediate relations and
friends, it may well be regarded, also, as a public
calamity to his particular district, and will assur-
edly be a subject of regret to the people of his
State in general. Under these circumstances, he
proposed that the House should pay a becoming
tribute to his memory, well knowing that it was
not only in conformity with the usages of the
House upon several occasions, but that it could
not be bestowed on a more worthy man, on a
purer patriot; a man of whom all who knew him
concurred in saying that his private life was a
beautiful exemplification of every Christian virtue,
and that as a politician and patriot, he uniformly
exhibited an ardent attachment to the rights of the
people, and to the great cause of constitutional
liberty. With these few remarks, which he had
felt it his duty to submit in justice to the charac-
ter of one whose memory deserved a far better
tribute than any he could offer, he now proposed
the following resolutions for the consideration of
the House:
Resolved, That this House has received with
deep regret the melancholy intelligence of the
death of the Hon. Thomas D. Singleton, a Rep-
resentative elect from the State of South Caro-
lina.
Resolved, That this House tender the expression
of their sympathy to the relatives of the deceased
upon this mournful event, and that, in testimony
of their regret for his loss, and respect for his
memory, the members will wear crape upon the
left arm for thirty days.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 11, 1833.
Mr. BIBB, pursuant to notice given, presented
certain joint resolutions providing for an alteration
in the Constitution of the United States in relation
to the mode of electing the President and Vice
President, and then moved to lay the same on the
table, and print them. Mr. B. said he felt no dis-
position to press the consideration of the resolu-
tions now, and therefore moved that the second
Monday in January next be assigned for taking
them up, and also the resolutions offered by Mr.
Benton some days since on the same subject, at
the same time; which was agreed to.
Mr.BENTON,on leave given, presented a bill
to increase the pay of the medical staff of the Army
of the United States.
Mr. KING, on leave given, presented a bill
for the relief of Thomas Rhoads and Jeremiah
Austen.
Mr. KING also, on leave given, presented a
bill for the relief of John Chalender and William
Johnson.
The above mentioned bills passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CLAY moved the consideration of Mr.
Benton's resolution relative to the amount of
moneys in deposite at particular periods in the
Bank of the United States.
The question being upon the adoption of Mr.
Clay's amendment, Mr. C. suggested a modifica-
tion of it, and a further amendment, inquiring to
know the " current market value of the stock of
each of the said State banks on the first of Sep-
tember and first of November, 1833;" which was
agreed to, and the amendment adopted.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Clay, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether a paper
under date the 18th day of September, 1833, pur-
porting to have been read by him to the heads of
the several Departments, relating to the deposites
of the public money in the Treasury of the United
States, and alleged to have been published by his
authority, be genuine or not; and if it be genuine,
that he be also requested to lay a copy of said
paper before the Senate.
The blank was then filled with the 18:h.
Mr. FORSYTH remarked that this was a very
unusual call. He should like to know its purpose,
and what use was to be made of the paper when
obtained. Everybody supposes the paper to be
genuine. He had always taken it for granted that
it was so.
Mr. CLAY said that the reasons for the call
were so apparent, that he had thought it entirely
unnecessary to offer any. The President, on the
18th of September, is said to have read to his
Cabinet a certain paper. That paper has been
promulgated to the people of the United States as
his paper. But we have had no official communi-
cation of the document, nor anything affirming it
to be an authentic document. If the President
had merely read the paper to his Cabinet, without
promulgating it, it might be a doubtful matter
whether we had the right to call for its communi-
cation to us. But we have certainly the right to
know from the highest source whether the paper
is genuine or not; and, if it is, we had the right
to be put in possession of it. At present, we
had no proof of its genuineness, except the asser-
tion of a newspaper; and it was not every asser-
tion of a newspaper that could be relied upon.
The only proof we had was the statement of the
editor of a newspaper, and upon suih evidence we
ought not to presume that the paper is genuine.
The proceeding of the President in promulgating
the document—supposing the paper to be what it
purports to be—is without a precedent in the
annals of the country. It introduces a new fea-
ture into the executive government of the coun-
try. The President has the constitutional author-
ity to call upon the heads of Departments for
their opinions in writing, to assist him in the
formation of an opinion. But here is a reversal
of the case. A paper from the President is read
to the heads of Department to assist them in the
formation of an opinion. He would not go into
the question why the deposites were removed
from the place which the law authorizes to aplace
which the law does not authorize. That was a
subject which, at a proper time, would come up
for consideration. He had now risen merely to
say, in reply to the gentlemen from Georgia, that
he had not assumed the document to be genuine,
and that if it was genuine, we had a right to call
for it. But if the gentleman from Georgia objects
to the question whether the paper be genuine—
why, I want the paper. I wish to treat the Ex-
ecutive Department with all possible respect. I
do not assume the paper to be genuine, because I
do not know the fact.
Mr. FORSYTH. If I understand the gentle-
man from Kentucky, he admits that with the in-
tercourse between the President and .his Cabinet
we have nothing to do.
Mr. CLAY. I made no admission, either one
way or another. I consider it would have been a
difficult question had not the document been pro-
mulgated.
Mr. FORSYTH. I consider the question pre-
cisely the same, for the paper was addressed by
the President to his confidential advisers. But
he could not see that the gentleman had given
any reason for desiring to have the paper. Why
should we depart from the rules which have here-
tofore governed us in relation to such papers in
order to obtain a paper which we do not want?
There was another branch of Congress which
might have occasion for this document. If a crim-
inal charge was to be made against the President
this paper would be adduced as the evidence of
his criminality. When the President should be
brought to our bar, and put on a trial for his viola-
tion of the Constitution, that paper would be pro-
duced in support of the charge. He could see no
reason why we should call for the document in
question. We have access to it; and for any pur-
pose, whether of judgment or argument, on the
subject to which it relates, it is already before us.
He demanded the yeas and nays on the question;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BENTON said the President had already
communicated the paper to America and to Eu-
rope. For every purpose it was in our possession.
But it was probably supposed that the President,
being called upon to communicate it to this body,
would refuse to send it; and by such refusal he
would, in his (Mr. B.'s) opinion, exhibit a proper
respect for himself and his office. Shall we follow
out the question, and call upon the President to
say whether any newspaper article attributed to
him be genuine or not? I wish some person capa-
ble of analysis would tell me the difference between
calling upon the President for this paper and call-
ing upon him for his speeches to his Cabinet, the
