1883.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%\
substance of which may have got into a news- 11
paper. We may then gj one step futther, and i
calf upon him for what he say"? m his Cabinet, 'I
u hile silting in his cha.r, or for what he says to a i
single membei of ihe Cabinet m his walks, the ,
e ibstance of which remarks may have been over-11
heard and reported Where shall we stop > We j i
might just as well call for what the President said |
that day on the subject of the deposites, as for ¡
what he wrote that day Tnere would be no dig- , i
Unction in law. It was all parole. He could see i
no reason why any Senator might not take up the '
Globe which contains the article, and read it and ,i
rely upon it with as much certainty as if he had i
received it from the President himself He ob-,]
jected not to the use of the paper, but to the pro- '
posed call for it He did not seek to protect the ¡
President, but to protect ourselves from the re- i
proach of making a demand upon a coordinate
branch of the Government which we hád no right
to make.                                                                          |
Mr. POINDEXTER said  that the paper in I
question was one of great impoitance, and inti-
mately connected with the affairs of the Govern-
ment     If it was not so he would be the last man j
to vote for a resolution requiring it    The paper
was in the nature of instructions to heads of De-
paitments, and being so, he claimed the right on
the part of the Senate to call on the President for
a copy of it     He viewed it in the same light as
instructions given by the President to a foreign
minister under his own sign manual.   He would ¡
inquire what was the question ultimately to be
submitted >   It was, whether the President should ,
have the unlimited control of the purse ot the j
country.    Under the construction contended for ,
of the power of the President, what would prevent !
him drawing from the Treasury ten millions of|
dollars'   Suppose he should ask ten millions of
dollars from the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the Secretary should say, " I cannot sign a war-
rant for the money without an appropriation made
bylaw"  What then' Why, the Pres'dent turns
round and says, " Mr Taney, I appoint you Sec-
retary of the Treasury," and thus he appoints an
officer who will accede to his wishes, and so ob-
tain the complete control of the Treasury.    Now,
he (Mr. P ) insisted on his right to call for a copy
of this official act, and therefore he would vote tor
theiesolution
Mr. FORSYTH said that the propriety of this
course of proceeding depended on the use which
was to be made of the desired information when
obtained He could see none. Certainly no offi-
cial use could be made of it He believed there
could be nodoubtof the genuineness of the paper,
he thought that was known. Such a paper could
only be officially used when the President was
called to the bar of the Senate on a charge of
criminal conduct He thought this call was to be
understood as a desire to prompt the other House
to a proceeding by impeachment, and to condemn
the President in advance. He thought that the
similarity of this proposition to the Executive cor-
respondence with a foreign minister, as alluded to
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr Pow-
dexteb.,] was not analogous He (Mr F )
viewed the paper more as a private letter, read to
the head of a Department Suppose the President
should write to such an officer, " You are to give
certain instructions to a foreign minister." Could
you call for that' He presumed not, no matter
■what was m it And if it contained the directtst
treason it was a subject within the propel sphere
of action of the other House, and it only
Mr WEBSTERsoid lhat, if the resolution pre
sented itself in a modified form, he thought there
could be no objec'ion to it He Mewed the ques-
tion in a different light from the gentleman from
Geoigia, [Mr Foks-vth ] The only doubt could
be whether the paper was an official act of the
President, and he thought it  as so It was pos-
sible that the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr Ci at] might be premature, but as he
had no doubt that something would be before the
Senate dunng the present session which would
make it recessary to know the genuineness of the
paper, he thought the Senate ought to be in pos
session of it He would expi ess no opinion of it.
He tiid not regard it in the nature of a private let-
ter, but rather as a public document, and designed
tor thepubliceye, and containing opinions of great
importance. It Siands before the public like the
proclamation He knew of no law authorizing
copies of proclamation-! to be sent to Congress,
and yet he believed the President had sent copies
of his proclamation last session both to the Senate
and House of Representatives He (Mr W )
would suggest that that part of the resolution in-
quiring into the genuineness of the paper be struck
out, and that it simply call on the President for a
copy of the paper
Mr CLAY said he might say with accuracy
that no paper ever was attempted to be used by
the Senate without a cali for it from the authority
from which it emanated It was thepailiamentary
usage, and had always been the practice As to
tne u«e<!to whicn the paper was to be applied, the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Forsyth] seemed
to think it could be used for no other than one
purpose, that of impeachment He (Mr C ) had
no such design It was a document affecting the
whole treasure of the United States The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster]
thought it pi emature Whyso' Itwastheduty
of Congress to look into the source of the removal
of the deposites, where they were removed, the
cause and the authority of their removal He did
not know whether the paper was genuine, he
could not know it except from the highest author-
ity, and it was out of respect to the Chief Magis-
trate that he wished to inquire whether it was
genuine, and to obtain a copy of it As that was
his object, he would accept of the proposed modi-
fication.
Mr BIBB said he had no disposition to inter-
fere in this matter, except upon a sense of im-
perious duty.    He would not have risen on the
sub]ect except for the giound3 on which the gentle
man from Georgia [Mr Fokstth] had placed the
question, that the paper was to be taken as gen-
uine because it had appeared m the newspapers
God forbid that he should tax upon the President
everything which appeared in the papers    He
could not act on this document from a newspaper
i publication of it—he wanted an authentic copy of
it    The President in his message had referred
to the removal of the deposites, and the Secretary
of the Treasury, too, had given his- reasons for so
doing    This paper emanated from the President,
as the President, to the heads of the Departments,
I and was read to them, relative to a removal of the
deposites.    In his (Mr B 's) sense of it, it was
! an official act of the President, and a public docu-
ment which the Senate is entitled to, without as-
i suming the copy in the newspapers as genuine
' The modification of the gentleman from Massa-
¡ chusetts [Mr. Webster] was more congenial with
his taste, and he hoped it would be agreed to
!     Mr. CALHOUN said he should vote for the
resolution With no feeling of disrespect towards
the President, but because it was due to him, and
I due to the Senate itself, that it should have the
paper m its most authentic form.
Mr FORSVTH observed he had not said that
the paper was to be taken officially as genuine by
the Senate from the newspapers He knew the
newspapers too well The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Webster] yiewed it as an Exec-
, utive act. He (Mr F ) viewed « in a very dif
ferent light. He thought you might, witnjustthe
same propriety, call on the President for his cor-
respondence with Mr Duane as for this paper
The deposites are removed, and if it was the wish
of gentlemen to go behind that act and see where
the criminality was, he would say it was not a
I proper subject for the Senate He had not said
that the only purpose for which the paper could be
used was an impeachment He had only used
that as an argument, and as he did not consider it
as an official paper, but merely a letter addressed
to the members of the Cabinet, he should vote
against the resolution.
Mr KING, of Alabama, said that the paper was
one which it was supposed the President had read
to his Cabinet for the purpose of influencing his
Cabinet. If so, he would a«k could either branch
of Congress call on that officer to produce the de-
liberation of his Cabinet—confidential commu-
nications—that they might be spread before the
public' Its bein  in the newspapers did not alter
the case He (Mr K ) could not, with a proper
respect for the President or ourselves, vote for the
resolution     It was a call for what we had no right
to ask—a confidential communication to the Cab
met    It had been said that the President shrinks
from no responsibility.   He (Mr  K ) believed
he shrunk from no proper responsibility, and he
trusted he never would.
Mr. CLAY observed that we had no right to
call for a confidential communication to the Cabinet
so longas itremamedconfidential. Butthispaper
had been promulgated by the official organ of the
Government, and its promulgation had given us
the right to call for it. It had been said that the
paper was published and its genuineness not con-
tradicted, and therefore we ought to act upon it as
if it were so But when we can obtain evidence
of the fact we ought to call for it. It had been
said that the President might refuse to give it, and
if he should do so, accompanied with a denial of
the paper, then we would have a right to use the
public version of it Suppose the correspondence
of a foreign minister were published, would we not
have a right to call for it' Suppose the President
should give an order upon the Secretary of the
Treasury for payment of a sum of money, and he
should pay it, and place the order on file, would
we not have a right to call for it' It was in con-
sonance with precedence and all usage to appeal
to the highest authority for evidence ot a paper.
Mr. KANE said that the reason which would
influence him in his vote had not been touched on
by any of the gentlemen who had spoken on the
question. [Here the honorable gentleman read
that part ot the President's message which re-
ferred to the removal of the deposites ] Now, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clav] wished to
know who had removed the deposites This
seemed to him (Mr K ) a very unnecessary in-
quiry, because the President had informed them
that they had been removed by the Secretary of
the Treasury. Now, is the object of this proceed-
ing to show that the Secretary has been guilty cf
a criminal act' If so, it is a matter entirely for the
other House, and the paper cannot be used here
with any such view. Has the President acted
falsely in giving this information' If so, he (Mr.
K ) could hardly conceive of a more criminal act
He laid thisoutof thequestion,then,and took the
object of the inquiry to be, to learn the President's
reasons for directing the Secretary to remove them.
But the reasons have been given by the officer
appointed by the law to do so, and if they are not
good, what is the remedy > How are the deposites
to be restored but by a new compact between the
parties > If the Secretary, the officer appointed by
law to the act, has removed them, what right have
we to call on the President for reasons'
The question on the resolution, as modified,
was then taken,~and decided in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Cham-
bers, Clay, Ewmg, Frelmghuysen, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Mangum, Naudam, Pomdexter,
Prentiss, Preston, Robbms, Silsbee, Smith, Sr/hth-
ard, Sprague, Swift, Tomlmson, Webster—23.
NAYS—Messrs Brown, Forsyth, Grundy,
Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Moore, Morris,
Rives, Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Tyler, White, Wilkms, Wright—17.
Mr MOORE, on leave given, presented a bill
foi the relief of Eh Robinson; also, a bill for the
relief of John McCarty; which were both read a
first time, and passed to a second reading.
Mr Benton's íesolution, calling on the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for information relative to
the United States Bank refusing to receive ifi pay-
ment the notes of its branches, was taken up, and
agreed to
Mr CHAMBERS presented a memorial from
the directors of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
praying for an extension of the time allowed by
law for completing that work.
The CHA IR announced the receipt of a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Navy, which
was laid on the table
After which the Senate were engaged in Execu-
tive business until the hour of adjournment.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 11, 1833
After the presentation of sundry petitions,
