1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
ferred was of secondary importance ui the estima
tion of the people of Georgia to these
Mr. WAYNE had no doubt that his colleague
would sacrifice his prejudices and interests—prin-
ciple he knew he would never sacrifice—to the at-
tainment of national harmony and the preservation
of the Union But he insisted that the manner in
which his colleague had introduced his proposition
was, though unintentionally, calculated to disturb
the harmony of the country, and produce infinite
confusion and agitation. The people of Georgia
would, he believed, be content to stand still, at
least until her grievance should become too op-
pressive for freemen to bear
The question being stated,
Mr. McDUFFIE moved that so much of the
message as relates to the Bank of the United States,
&c , be also excepted
The CHAIR read the second resolution, and
asked if the member from South Carolina wished
to except the whole, or that part alone wh-ich
relates to the bank!
Mr. McDUFFIE    The whole
Mr. JARV18 moved to except the 10th resolu-
tion, relating to the destruction of the building of
the Treasury.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. CLAY were
then agreed to, and repotted to the House, with
the exception of the 2d, 8th, and 10th.
The question being on the 2d resolution—
Mr. McDUFFiErose, and suggested to the hon-
orable mover, Mr CLAY, the propriety of omit-
ting from the resolution the words " Bank of the
United States," in oider to avoid, for the present,
the discussion which must otheiwise inevitably
ensue at this stage of the business
Mi CLAY said it had been usual to refer the
subjects of finance, revenue, and the bank, to the
same committee, and he could not consent to any
unusual course on this occasion
Mr McDUFFIE said that the gentleman from
Alabama wholly misapprehended his object His
purpose was to avoid a discussion on a prehmmaiy
question, and the motion toiéper the clause in the
message implies an admission o' the authority of
the Piesident to remoje the deposites, whereas it
was well known that he had no such power
Mr CLAY did not see, he said, why the discus-
sion alluded to should necessarily arise upon the
usual motion for the reference of the several parts
of the message to theusual committees Hecould
not be persuaded of the propriety of the course
suggested by the gentleman from South Carolina
Mr McDUFFIE said that it was endent that
the discussion of this topic mu«¡t now take place
But as the House, at this hour, was not prepaied
for it, he would move that the committee rise.
Thecommnteethen ro e,and repoited progress
Mr POLltrose to move a reconsideiation of
the vote by which the report on the removal of
the deposites was yesterday referred to the Com
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
He voted  for the motion with the understanding
that the object of the mover was to move the le
port and message together when the question of
lefeience should  come  up     He regaided it a%
important that there should be a full and ('ehber-
ate  investigation of this subject by a commit ee
But he presumed that it was intended to involve
the House, suddenly and without investigation oi
deliberation, in a full discussion of ti e ments of
this important subject on a piehmmary question
He would not make the motion to reconsidei at
this late houi, if the rules of the House would
permit hini to make it at a subsequent time
Mr CHILTON moved that the House do now
adjourn
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, December 12, 1833
A message fiom the President was íeeeived by
the hands of Mr Donelson, his Private Secretary,
which was read, as follows
Washington, December 12, 1833
To the Senate of the United Stales
1 have attentively considered the íesolution of
the Senate of the 11 h instant, requesting the Pres-
ident of the United States to communicate to the
Senate "a copy of the paper which has been pub
hshed, and which purports to have been read by
him to the heads of the executive departments,
dated the 18th day of September last, relating
to the íemoval of the deposites of the public
money from the Bank of the United States and
its ofHces."
The Executive is a coordinate and independent
branch of the Government, equally with the Sen-
ate, and I have yet to learn under what constitu-
tional authority that branch of the Legislature has
a right to require of me an account of any com
mumcation,either verbally or in writing, made to
the heads of Departments, acting as a Cabinet
council.    As well might 1 be required to detail to
the Senate the free and private conveisations I
I have held with those officeis on any subject re-
I lating to their duties and my own.
i     Feeling my responsibility to the American peo-
' pie, I am willing upon all occasions to explain to
| them the grounds of my conduct; and I am will-
ing upon all proper occasions to give to either
branch of the Legislature any information in my
possession that can be useful m the execution of
the appropriate duties confided to them.
Knowing the constitutional rights ot the Senate,
I shall be the last man, under any circumstances,
to interfere with them Knowing those of theEx-
ecutive, I shall at all times endeavor to maintain
them agreeably to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, and the solemn oath I have taken to support
and defend it
I am constrained, therefore, by a proper sense
of my own self-respect, and of the rights secured
by the Constitutian to the executive branch of the
Government, to decline a compliance with your
request                          ANDREW JACKSON.
After the message had been read,
Mr CLAY said that a call had been made on
the President for a copy of a document which had
been published and extensively circulated by the
papers in this city—a document intimately con-
nected with the safety of the treasure of the coun-
try The call for it was made undei the full con-
viction that the Senate ought to have that docu-
ment U had been refused under the pretext that
the rights of the Chief Magistrate were invaded by
it He always would be disposed to respect the
rights of every public officer, but the President
could have no more confidence in his rights than
I feel in the rights of the Senate The right of the
Senate to call for this paper was founded on the
ground that the whole world was already in pos-
session of it It was made because the document
was sent forth to the American people upon an
all important subject, and because it was the right
of the Senate to have it Nor was it made because
the call .vas in violation of precedent or an estab-
lisned usage But the President has refused to
give us this document, and it was not necessary to
proceed furtner in the puisuit One result hap-
pens from it the Piesident does not deny the genu-
ineness of the paper It is before the world, and
as we have endeavored to get it, and it has been
lefused, I have a light to take the next best evi-
dence of the document, and that is, as it has been
published m the official paper. In every instance,
theiefoie, wheie I have orcasion to use it, 1 shall
avail myself of that publication of it as genuine.
Mr GRUNDY said he thought when the prop-
osition was made it was a very unnecessary pro-
cedure
Here the Presiding Officer interposed that the
debate was out of order, unless some motion was
intended to be m?de
Mr GRUNDY said he intended to move befo> e
he concluded that the message be laid on the table,
and then resumed that he thought it unnecessary,
because he only wanted evidence when the facts
had not come to our knowledge or when they
were denied Now, he believed that both fuends
and enemies admitted this document to be genu-
ine—to be what it purported to be He therefore
had thought that nothing beneficial could result ,
from this pioposition, and this was what induced
him to \otc against it The President has given
his objection to complying with the call, and what
is it? Why, that the Senate has asked for a pn- ¡
vate communication from the Chief Magistrate to
his Cabinet lie (Mr G ) would never question
the piopnety of the motives of the Senator who
wanted this information     But the President has I
said that it is a matter which you have no right to
interrogate him about; and his opinion is, too, that
to comply with the request would be setting a dan-
gerous precedent. He (Mr G ) was not inclined
to say anything on the subject of the removal of
the deposites when that matter should come up
for consideration. ,But if he did, he could not,
even if he were so disposed, speak of that paper as
any other than a genuine one, or deny its authe'n-
ticity. He therefore moved to lay the message on
the table; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr BENTON, the memorials
and resolutions of the several States upon the
subject of the public lands were ordered to be
printed, and a tabular statement prepared by the
Seeietary.
STANDING  COMMITTEES.
The PRESIDENT protem announced that this
was the day assigned for the appointment of stand-
ing committees.
Mr GRUNDY said, before the election was
gone into, he wished to preface it by a few obser-
vations The Senate had determined to deprive
the Presiding Officer of the power of appointing the
committees, and he was not disposed to question
the propriety of the decision. But the reason as-
signed for this course, and that which seemed to
him of most weight, was, that the committees
should be the legitimate and true organs of this
body. What, then, he would ask, was the pres-
ent condition of the Senate' There were seven
vacant seats here Five of these have been filled
by appointments or by elections by the Legisla-
tures of the different States, but none of the gentle-
men chosen we^e here. Two of these vacancies
have not yet been supplied. The five, however,
are expected here every day. The Senator from
Pennsylvania was expected to-night; indeed, he
had been told he was already in town. The Sen-
ator from Georgia was elected, and would be
here shortly. The Senator from Louisiana, and
another from Delaware, were neither of them here.
Most of the gentlemen would be here, he thought,
on Monday, and, under the circumstances, there
would be dangei of not securing a correct expres-
sion of opinion by proceeding to the election to-
day Another matter occurred to him as being of
importance Three of the five gentlemen have been
appointed by the Goveiners of their respective
States, and have not yet been quahfied as Senators.
If his-idea on the subject was correct, to be a Sen-
ator, the person chosen ought to be here, and take
the oath prescribed. He would ask, can we ap-
point those gentlemen on committees at all, until
they are sworn> He could not hear what had been
the practice in such case, of appointing Senators
on committees who had never been here or taken
their seats Mr Clayton, of Delaware, and Mr.
Waggaman, of Louisiana, (he believed he might
mention their names,) might be so appointed, but
can the others? He did not think they could yet
be recognized as members, and, therefore, to give
them an opportunity of coming in, he moved to
postpone the election till Monday next.
Mr CLAY hoped the postponement would not
take place The Senate was as full as it would
be, on the average, during the session We were
now at the close of the second week of the session,
and we were uiged to put off the appointment of
committees, a matter about which, he supposed,
the minds of all gentlemen were made up. This
day had been assigned for the appointment some
days ago, and it was as well known then that there
were absentees as it is now No such objection
was urged then There were important bills now
lying on the table that ought to be referred to the
committees The time for the meeting of the com-
mittees was approaching, and it was of importance
that they should beaopomted now If gentlemen
were absent he regretted it, but we were not in
fault, and he thought if we were to look at the
political character of the absentees that things
would be as they now are, if they were here. As
to the objection of the gentleman from Tennessee,
as regards the practice of the Senate of appointing
absent gentlemen on committees who had not been
sworn, his impression was, that they had always
been appointed, whether they were here or not
Qualification will precede the commencement of
service, and, therefore, he could see no reason for
the delay, but that we ought rather to proceed to
