183S.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
25
gmal instead of a derivative power Does the
Secretary ask for further inquiry ' He gives facts
and inferences upon which he rests the case He
does not ask Congress for new facts and reasons,
and if Congress goes in quest of them, it is an
acknowledgment that the Secretary's facts and
reasons are insufficient; that he acted, in a word,
in the dark on this important subject. The char-
ter says that the reasons shall be immediately
communicated to Congress Why' That Con-
gress may immediately judge whether those rea-
sons aresufficient—hisjudgment being in thenature
of an award between the people and the bank, the
parties who are interested. The Secretary had
not asked for further inquiry. If, then, he acted
on sufficient reasons, it was for the House, on be-
half of the people, to pronounce their judgment,
and if they were sufficient, then there was an end
of the question New reasons cannot justify the
measure. This view of the matter he felt bound
to submit to the House He must be permitted
to say that it was not only important that we act
on the lights befoie us, but that there was never a
question before this House which so much required
an instantaneous decision. The control of the
Treasury was in a newand unsafe position. The
safeguards of the "public money adopted by law
were inapplicable to the present control of the de-
posites. What knowledge had we of the condition
of the banks selected by the Government' The
people would not long be content with the present
state of things. Embarrassments were gathering
m the commercial community. The best paper
was at a discount of IS or 15 per cent. Still the
crops were abundant and trade was thriving. The
scarcity of money was owing to the state of un-
certainty which now existed. If the pubhcmoney
was to be restored it must be done immediately,
for in a few weeks it would be beyond our reach.
It would become blended with the interests and
business of the local banks so far that we would
not withdraw it
Mr. McKINLEY said the Secretary of the
Treasury had the power of removing these depos-
ites whenever he thought proper, and was to re-
port his reasons for their removal The inquiry
was, therefore, whether the reasons were sufficient
and the facts stated true. The Committee of the
Whole was not the usual and proper place for such
an inquiry. When all the facts were examined
and reported upon, we could proceed to the dis-
cussion. He asked whether the House, in the
Committee of the Whole, had the power to order
the deposites to be replaced' That was to be done
by resolution. The question could not be deter-
mined in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr CLAYTON said he should not voteagainst
the motion to reconsider, and might, therefore,
expose himself to the charge of inconsistency. At
the last session he voted that the public deposites
were unsafe in the Bank of the United States, and
he still thought so     But it did not follow that he
did not also consider them to be unsafe at the bot-
tom of the Potomac     The Bank of the United i
States was unsafe as a depository, ard they had
been removed *o another which was still less safe
He was opposed to the Bank of the United States,  |
and always should be     But he thought that the  |
removal of the deposites to the State banks made 11
them, pro tanto, the Bank of the United States,     i
The SPEAKER called the member to order, as I
he was going into the merits of the casé, which
had not been touched in the argument.
Mr   CLAYTON professed  his desrre at all
times to bow to the decision ot the Chan, yet he
did not think he had gone more into the merits
than had been done by the members from Penn
sylvama and South Carolina, who had preceded   ''
him.
The SPEAKER again reminded the gentleman  ¡
from Georgia that he did not confine his remarks
to the question                                                       |
Mr CLAYTON said, then, that he would en-
deavor to keep within order, and try to getm only
occasionally what he wanted     Itwas,he thought,
highly impoitant to settle this matter at once     If 1
it were proposed to authorize the Secretary of the  ,
Treasury to establish as many banks as he pleases,
would it be entertained for a moment'    But the ,
Secretary has undertaken to exercise such a power
The reasons reported to the House are not of new  I
discovery     They have been acted on formei ¡y by 11
the House, and we need no time to act on them
again Has it not been stated that the bank had
influenced elections—that it had expended money
for printing  All this he admitted, and it proved
that the bank ought not to exist. But the Secre-
tary has multiplied the institution upon us. He
should vote, when the question should come up,
for the removal of the deposites back to the Bank
of the United States.
Mr. POLK would not, he ¿said, fatigue the
House with speaking. He rose only to reply to
a few of the suggestions which had been thrown
out. The report contains the various facts which
governed the Secretary of the Treasury in his
action, and some of those facts may involve the
charter of the bank; and for both reasons ought
now to be inquired into by a committee. In
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Biknet,] he said that it was not material to the
question of reference whether the action of the
House would be original or in review. It was also
suggested that the State banks were unsafe. This
constitutes one of the chief objects of the examina-
tion proposed. Again, it was said that this was
a question of public faith. Well, be it so. Is it
not proper, then, for a committee of the House to
inquire by which party the contract was violated'
It seems to me that it is It had also been said
that the treasury was going out of the bank daily
Well, I consider that the treasury is the public
money, wherever it may happen to be, in one bank
or twenty. He would only add one additional
reasen why the motion should prevail, and it was
this the subject is intimately connected with the
finances of the country. It was formerly contend-
ed in this House, by a gentleman now a member
of it, that the connection between the bank and the
finances was as intimate as that which exists be-
tween the soul and the body He would repeat
that the debate in the Committee of the Whole
would be protracted for days and weeks. He
hoped there would be ample opportunity for full
discussion, but not, he trusted, in this general and
unsatisfactory manner.
Mr. WAYNE replied briefly to the arguments
adduced against the motion to reconsider, and,
having deprecated any discussion upon the merits
of the bank question at the present moment as
unnecessary and out of order, with a view to ter-
minate it, he announced his determination to act
in the same manner in which he had been himself
treated at the last session, by the honorable mem-
ber from South Carolina, [Mr. McDiiffie,] when
about to explain his views on the resolution of the
bank being a safe depository of the public funds,
by calling for the previous question.
The question thereon being put, the House
refused to sustain the call—
Ayes 104, noes 107.
Mr WATMOUGH moved an adjournment,
which he subsequently withdrew in favor of
Mr BURGES, who moved that when theHouse
should adjourn, it would adjourn until Monday
Mr POLK objected to this motion as out of
order
After a remark to the point of order from the
SPEAKER,
Mr BURGES said, as the motion was objected
to by that gentleman, [Mr. Polk,] he would with-
draw it
Upon which
Mr. WATMOUGH again moved an adjourn-
ment, which was carried
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Frid iy, December 13, 1833
Mi BULLARD, of Louisiana, appeared, was
qualified, and took his seat
The SPEAKER presented to the House a
memorial from Messrs Gilpin, McElderry, and
Wager, the three Government diiectors of the
Bank of the United States, in relation to the eon-
duct of the diiectors, and especially of the presi-
dent of that institution
Mi POLK moved that it should be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr WATMOUGH moved to amend that mo-
tion by moving that it should be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said it was not necessary to
amend, a motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole having precedence.
Mr. POLK demanded that the question should
be taken by yeas and nays.
Ordered.
Mr. VANCE called for the reading of the
memorial.
Mr. ARCHER objected to the reading, and
suggested that it might /or the present be better
not to give any direction to it, that it might he on
the table, and follow such course as should be
given to the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the removal of the deposites. He moved
that it should be laid on the table
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays on this
motion.
Ordered
Mr. ARCHER said, if requested by the mem-
ber from Tennessee, and to save the time of the
House now, he would withdraw his motion, but
gave notice that he should renew it.
The motion was then withdrawn, upon which
Mr. POLK said that the present was altogether
a question whether they were to follow the usual
course heretofore adopted in referring matters
connected with the bank to the Committee of
Ways and Means. This was a memorial made
by the Government directors, on a subject of deep
interest to the Government; it involved the eon-
duct of those entrusted with the management of
its affairs, bringing various facts and allegations
against them for misconduct. It was their duty
to communicate to the House the knowledge of
all such facts as they should discover in the man-
agement of that institution which they should
deem prejudicial to the public interest. Having
been presented by them, the usual course was,
surely, to refer it to the committee which hereto-
fore had cognizance of all the matters connected
with the finances of the country They all knew
the intimate connection which existed between the
Government and-the bank. It had an interest in
it arising from the large share of the stock which
they neld. They (the bank) were, in part, keep-
ers of its funds, they had, in consequence, been
called on to make weekly statements of their trans-
actions, and the Government had wisely secured
to itself the power of appointing five directors, for
the special purpose of seeing that the public inter-
ests were not jeoparded. 1 he memorial now pre-
sented was made by them in pursuance of that
duly, and he saw no reason why it should not be
sent to the usual committee If the motion of the
I honorable member from Virginia to lay it on
i the table should be made, he trusted that it would
I not be sustained He was not desirous to shrink
from the general subject involved, but he would
oppose and avoid any general skirmishing upon
it.
Mr POSTER said that it seemed almost im-
possible to avoid entering into the merits of the
question, and he would urge the propriety of this
report being laid on the table for the present, and
that the honorable member from Vngima would
I move, in addition, that it should be printed.
Mr. ARCHER assured the honorable member
i1 from Tennessee that he could not have any desne
¡I to give the subject any other direction than the one
he wished, but there was a difficulty attendant upon
l now doing it     lie would ask him what hewou'd
I desire to be done with it, if the question recently
under discussion, as to the reference of the report
of the Secreta! y, should be decided by a reference
to the Committee of the Wlole on the state of the
Union'   Would he not in that case desire that
this memoual should be associated with it'   His
only desne was for the present to suspend any
final action upon it until the fate of the other was
asceitamed     He would conclude by a motion to
have it laid on the table also, and in accoidance to
the suggestion  of the  honorable member from
Georgia that it should be printed
Mr POLK derearded the yeas and nays Or-
dered
Mr SPEIGHT then called for the division of
the question
The question on the motion to lay the memorial
on the table was then taken, and decided m the
negative, as follows—yeas 107, nays 119
YEAS—Messrs J Q, Adams, Allan, Archer,
Ashley, Banks,Barber, Barmiz, Ba/rmger,Bates,
