THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
£3d*Congres>  1st Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1833
Vol  I ...No. 3.
IN SENATE
Monday, December 1G, 1833
The VICE PRESIDENT of the United States
appeared,  was  conducted  to  the  chair  by  the
PRESIDENT  pro tern ,  and  upon  calling  the
Senate to order, delivered the following address-
Senators In entering upon the duties of the
station to which I have been called by the people,
deference to you and justice to myself, íequire
that I should forestall expectaticns which m ght
otherwise be disappointed Although for many
years heretofore a member of the Senate, I regiet
that I should not have acquired that knowledge of
the particularorderof us proceedings which might
naturally be expected Unfortunately for me, in
respect to my piesent condition, I evei found those
at hand who had more correctly appreciated this
important branch of their duties, and on whose
opinions, as to points of order, I could at all times
safely rely Tins remissness will doubtless, for a
season, cause me ro small degree of embarrass-
ment So far, however, as unremitted exertions
on my part, and a proper respect foi the advice of
those who a>-e better informed than myself can
a\ai', this deficiency will be remedied as speedily
as possible, and I feel pei uaded that the Senate,
in the mean time, will extend to me a considerate
indulgence
But however wanting I may be, for the time, in
a thorough knowledge of the technical duties of
the Chair, I enter'am, I humbly hope, a deep and
solemn conviction of its high moral obligations 1
am well aware that he who occupies it is bound
to cheush towards the membeis of the body over
which lie oresides no other feelings than those of
justice and courtesy—to regard them all as stand-
ing upon an honorable equality—to apply the rules
established by themselves for then own govern-
ment wuh impartiality, and to use whatever
authoiity he possesses, in the manner best calcu
Lted to protect the lights, to respect the feelings,
and to guard the reoutations of all who may be
afiected by its exercise
It is no disparagement to any othei branch of
the Governments say that there is none in which
the Constitution devolves such extensive powers
as h does upon the Senate There is scarcely an
exercise of constitutional authority in which it
does not mediately or 'mmediately participate, it
forms an important, and, in some rejects, an in-
dispensable part of each of the three great depart-
ments—executive, legislative, and juuicial, and
is, moieovei, the body in which is made effectual
tnat share of power in the Federal organization so
wisely allowed to the respective State soveieign-
t es
Inves'ed with such august powers, so judiciously
restricted, and so safely adapted to the puiposes
of good government, it is no wonder that tneSen
ate is regarded by the people of the United States
as one of the best featuies in what they,at least,
consider to be the wisest, the freest, and happiest
po'itical system in the world In fervent wishes
that it may long continue to besoiegarded,and in
a conviction of the impoi tance of order, pi opriety,
and regulauty in its proceedings, we must n'l con-
cur It shall bean object of my h ghest ambition,
Senators, to join with you, as far as in me lies, in
effec'irg those desirable objects, and in endeavoi-
mg to realiz" the expectation formed of this body
at the adoption of the Constitution, and ever since
confidently cherished, that it would exercise the
most efficient influence in upholding the Fedeial
system, and in peipemating what is at one the
foundation and the safeguaid of our country's
welfaie—the union of the States
Mr BENTON piesented the ciedentials of the
Hon Leh is r Livn, appointed by the Governor
a Senator fiom the Stite of Missoun to supply
the vacancy occas oned by the death of the Hon
A     B0CKNFR
Mr Livn attended, was qualified,and took his
seat
Th e Hon Samüf l Mc Kean , Senator elect from
Pennsylvania, appeared, was qualified, and took
his seat
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befoie the Sen-
ate the memorial from the Government directors
of the Bank of the United States, which, on motion
of Mr WEBSTER, was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed                       •
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter from  the Secretary of the Navy,
enclosing a report of the disbursement of the con
tingent fund for the Nav"y Department for the last
year, which was laid on the table
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT having announced
the standing order to be the election of the stand-
ing committees, the Senate proceeded to that duty.
For chairman of the Committee of Foreign
Relations—
Mr Wilkiiv s received, on the 2d ballot, 26 votes,
Mr  ForsYTH, 18 votes
Whereupon Mr. Wilkins was pronounced duly
elected.
Mr CLAY then observed that it was now
necessary to decide whether the Senate should
proceed to the election of the chairman of the
several committees first, or continue to ballot for
the other members of the committee, he thought
the former course the test, and therefore made a
motion to that effect
Mr KING, of Alabama, said it made but little
difference what couise was pursued He would
only say that the practice had always been dif
ferent He believed the rule had unifoimly been
to choose all the membeis of each committee in
their older
Mr CHAMBERS sa d he believed the practice
had been as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr
Kino] has stated He noped, therefore, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky would accede to the usual
couise
Mi CLAY said it was a matter of perfect indif-
ference to h.m, and therefore he would withdraw
his motion
Mr POÍNDEXTER renewed the motion He
thought it would save some tiouble to choose the
several chairmen first, and then tl e-e would be no
difficuhy in filling up the bodies of the committees
afterwaids
Mr BENTON asked the Secretary to read the
rule, which was done
Mr CLAY From the rule, as read, it would
appear that the practice has been to choose the
chairmen severally, and then the other members
of the committees, as I at first supposed.
The motion was then agreed to.
The result of the balloungs for the chairmen of
tne othei committees is as follows
Committee on Finance—Mr Webster, 22, Mr
Wi gilt, 18     Mi   Weuster chosen
Committee on Commeice—Mr Silsbee, 23, Mr
King of Alabama, 19     Mr Silsbee chosen
Commdleeo iMmufactures—Mr Frelmghuyscn,
23   Mr  C ay, 16     Mr Frelmghuysen chosen
Committee on Agiteultwe—Mr Brown had 42
votes, and was chosen
Committee on Nihianj Affairs—Mr Benton had
36 votes, and was chosfn
Committee on the JSh'iha—Mi Robinson had 43
votes, and was elected
CommitUe on .Yaial Afau s—M- Southaid hid
25votes,andMi  Rite^l-i   Mi  Southaidchosen
Committee on Pubu Lands—Mir Pomdexter
had 28 votes, and Mr Kane 18 Mr Pomdexter
chosen
Committee on Private land Claims—Mr Kane
had 41 votes, and was chosen
Committee on Indian JJfms—Mr White had 44
votes, and was chosen
Committee on Claims—Mr Bell had 29 votes, and
Mr Blown 11     Mr Bell chosen
Committee on the Tudiaary—Mi Clayton had, on
the second ballot, 21 votes, and Mr Forsyte 15
Mr Clayton chosen.
Committee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads—-Mr.
Grundy had 43 votes, and was chosen.
Committee on Roads and Canals—Mr. Hendricks
was chosen
Committee on Pensions—Mr. Tomlmson had 34
votes, and Mr Clay 11    Mr Tomlmson chosen.
Committee on Revolutionary Claims—Mr. Moore
had 38 votes, and was chosen
Committee on the District of Columbia—Mr.
Chambers had 28 votes, and Mr. Tyler 9 Mr.
Chambers chosen
Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate—Mr Knight had 37 votes, and was choseji.
Committee on Embossed Bills—Mr Shepley had
23, Mr Robbins 11    Mr Shepley chosen.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for the re-
maining members of the several committees, a
plurality only being necessary to a choice. The
result was as follows-
Committee on Foreign Relations—Messrs. For-
syth, Rives, Mangum, and Sprague.
Committee o  Finance—Messrs. Tyler, Ewing,
Mangum, and Wilkins
Committee on Commerce—Messrs King, Wright,
Waggaman, and Sorague
Committee on Manufactures—Messrs. Knight,
Prentiss, Morris, and Linn.
Mi HENDRICKS here moved an adjourn-
ment, which was negatived, and the Senate then
proceeded with the ballotings, which resulted as
follows
Committee on AgricuHvre—Messrs Robinson,
Kent, Swift, and Wright
Committee ore Military Affairs—Messrs. King,
Clayton, Benton, and Preston
Mr WILKINS here moved an adjournment,
which was negatived on a division. Yeas 19,
nays 24
The Senate then resumed the ballotings, which
resulted as follows:
Committee on the Militia—Messrs. Hendricks,
Waggaman, McKean, and Clayton
Committee on Naval Affairs—Messrs. Robbins,
Bibb, Chambers, and Tallmadge
Committee on Public Lands—Messis Moore,
Prentiss, McKean, and Clay
Coimvitlee on Pnvate Land Claims—Messrs.
Linn, Naudain, Pomdexter, and Silsbee.
Mr CLAY here moved an adjournment, which
was carried.   Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, December 16, 1833
Mr WHITE, of Louisiana, appeared, qualified,
and took his seat
Mr CARR, fiom the Committee on Private
Land Clams, reported a bill for the relief of Alex-
ander B)yd
Mr SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, repoited a bill foi the relief of Eze-
kiel Fostei & Co also, a bill for the relief of
the owners of the schooner Three Sisters, of Say-
brook.
All which bills were read twice, and committed
On motion of Mr STEWART, a resolution of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing the
Senators and requesting the Repiesentatives of
that State in the Congress of the United States to
endeavor to piocure the passage of a law autboriz-
n g a subscription of a million of dollars, on the
part of the General Government, to the stock of
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, to be
expended on the western section, was referred to
the Committee on R.oads and Canals
Mr PATTON submitted the following resolu-
tion   which was read and agreed to-
"Resohed, Tha' the Committee on the Post
OTice and Post Roaas be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Oiange Court House, mVirgima, to the town
of Stanardsville, in the county of Orange "
Mr. PATTON '¡3 motion to change the 9th rule
3
