34                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec. lo,
of the House so as to require the Speaker to vote
in the first instance, on every question, and pio-
vidmg thSt when the House is equally divided
the motion shall be lost, was taken up for consid-
eration as the special order of the day. The yeas
and nays having been ordered, some conversation
took place on a question of order; the 9th rule was
read, as follows:
"In all cases of ballot by the House the Speak-
er shall vote: in other cases he shall not vote, un-
less the House be equally divided, or unless his
vote, if given to the minority, willmakethe divis-
ion equal; and in case of such equal division, the
question shall be lost,"
And the question stated to be to strike out the
rule and insert the rule moved by Mr. PATTON.
Mr. WAYNE was convinced, by reflection,
that the rule, as it stands, is founded in experi-
ence, and cannot be changed without producing
much disorder. He had suggested the other day,
and now repeated, that the motion proceeded on
the supposition that we were about to restore to
the Speaker certain rights of which he has hereto-
fore been deprived. If we give the Speaker the
« right to vote on every question, we must also give
. him the right of speaking on every question. The
reason for depriving him of the light of speaking
was, to prevent him from exerting the influence ot
his official station upon the questions before the
House, and no member could ever be raised to
that station without some party influence. It was
our duty to render the Speaker independent of
party relations, and put him out of the reach of
temptation. He also suggested, that in questions
of older, upon which the Speaker was to decide in
the first instance, it was improper to allow him to
vote when an appeal was made to the House. If
we do allow the Speakerto vote, from the connec-
tion which he must have with a powerful Admin-
istration, we make him the victim or instrument,
against his will, of that Administration. The
more deeply we interest the Speaker in the pro-
ceedings of the House, the more reason we have
to apprehend that, in all his decisions, votes, and
appointments of committees, he will be made the
instrument of a party. Here Mr. W. went into
the history of parhamentaiy law in England, to
show that there had there always existed a jeal-
ousy of the power of the Speaker of the House of
Commons. The present rule had existed from
the foundation of the Government, and had been
found practically convenient and useful, and the
example of some few State Legislatures to the
contrary was wholly inapplicable to the proceed-
ings of this body.
Mr. PATTON replied to the gentleman from
Georgia, and supported his motion. He denied
the fact that the lule proposed would make the
Speaker interested between the parties of the day
any more than he has ever been interested. It
was not to be supposed that any member would
become suddenly divested of all paity feelings
upon his elevation to the chair. Every member,
in the chair and out of the chair, was influenced
by party feehdgs; he was sorry it was so; he
could wish that we were all free trom party feel-
ings and motives. He would not insult the good
sense and feelings of the House by proposing any
rule to guard against the wilfull, malicious, and
corrupt miscounting of votes by a Speaker. He
had no political object to obtain, and no personal
feeling to gratify in his course' on this question
Whatever he had said had no íefeience whatever
to any individual Speaker, past, present, or to
come.
The question was hei e taken by yeas and nays,
and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs  Heman Allen, John J Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Archer,Banks,Barbei,
Barnnger, Bates, Beale, Beatty, Beaumont, Boul-
dm, Burd, Burges, Carmichae!,  Carr, Chaney,
Chilton, Chinn,  Claiborne, Clayton, Clowney,
Corwm, Coulter, Crockett, DarLngton, Warren
R. Davis, Amos Davis, Davenport, Demmg, Den-
ny, Dunlap, Evans, Horace Eveiett, Ewmg, Tos-1
ter, Fowler, Pulton, Galbraith, Gamble, Ghol- j
son, Gordon, Grayson, Grennell,Griffin, Joseph j
Hall, Hannegan^.Hardin, James Harper,  Har-1
nson,  Hazeltme,  Heath,  Hiester, Henderson,
Howell, Jabez W. Huntington, William Cost I
Johnson,Kmnard,Laporte,GeoigeW Lay,Lee, |
Lewis, Loyal!, Lucas, Lyon, Marshall, Mardis,
Mason, McCarty, McKennan, Miller, S. McD.
Moore, Patton, Pinckney, Pops, Potts, Rameay,
Reed, Rencher, William B. Shepard.Shmn, Stan-
difer, Stewart, Stoddert, Sutherland, William P.
Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Tompkins, Varee,
Vinton, Wagener, Webster, Frederick Whittle-
sey, Wilde, Williams, Wise—96.
NAYS—Messrs John Q.. Adams, J. Adams, C.
Allan, Ashley, Barnitz, Baylies, Bean, Beardsley,
Jg,hn Bell, James M Bell, Bmney, James Blair,
Boekee,Bodle, Boon, Bnggs, Bull, Bunch, Bums,
Bynum, Cambreleng, Casey, Chambers, Choate,
Samuel Clark, William Clark, Clay, Connor, Cia-
mer, Crane, Jtfhn Davis, Day, Deberry, Dennis,
Dickson, P. Dickerson, D. W. Dickinson, Dun-
can, Ellsworth, Edward Everett, Fillmore, Foot,
Forester, P. C. Fuller, W. K. Fuller, Gillett, Gil-
mer, Gorham, Hiland Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Joseph M. Harper, Hathaway,
Hawkins, Hawes, Hubbard, Inge, jarvis, Rich-
ard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Cave John-
son, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh,
King, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Lea, Leavitt,
Mann, Martmdale,McComas,McIntire, McKay,
McKim, McKinley, McLene, McVean, Mercer,
Milhgan, R. Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Murphy,
Osgood, Page, Parks, Parker, Patterson, D. J.
Pearce, Peyton, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Polk,
Schenck, Schley, A. H Shepperd, Singleton,
William Slade, Charles Slade, Sloane, Spangler,
Speight, William Taylor, Thomson, Turner, Tur-
rill, Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Ward,
Wardwell, Watmough, Wayne, Whallon, C. P
White, E. D. White, E. Whittlesey, Young—121
The ninth rule of the House was then adopted
without amendment.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, with
the petition of Judge Tucker, which had been
referred to that Department, and which was now
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Comptroller of
the Treasury, in relation to the unsettled balances
and accounts, and one from the Secretary of the
Navy, with an account of the expenditures in that
Department; which, on motion of Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY,of Ohio, were ordered to be laid on the
table and printed.
REMOVAL OF BANK DEPOSITES.
The motion of Mr. POLK, to reconsider the
vote by which, en motion of Mr. McDUFFIE,
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
removal of the deposites was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, was taken upas the unfinished business
of Thursday.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, opposed the mo-
tion The consequence of sending the document
in question to the Committee on Ways and Means
would be a long delay of the discussion and
decision of the bank question. The subject would
be buried for weeks or months m the committee,
and weeks and months would elapse—yes, we
would see hot weather—before we should hear of
the matter again. It was due to the public interest
and to public expectation that an early decision
should be made on the solvency and condition of
the State banks which were selected as the depos-
itories of the public money. The evil and calam-
ity of the removal of the deposites would fall heav-
iest upon his State. The great commercial cities
of the East had their currency and the use of the
public money, but such advantages his constitu-
ents had no share in
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
merits of the case could not be discussed. The
question was where it should be discussed
Mr. ALLAN went on to say that the State of
Kentucky was interested in this question, having
an extensive commerce with every pait of the
Union, and this he used as an argument in favor
of an early disposition of the question. Every
mail brought him letters showing that the people
of the "West were about to establish local banks to
supply a currency in the room of that of which
theyweieto be deprived, and he anticipated the
recurrence of the pecuniary d'stresses and embar-
rassments of 1818, and another consideration was,
that all the public treasure had not yet been with-
drawn from its legal depository. From what
had passed he inferied what was to come.   Out of
forty millions heretofore deposited in the local
banks, a million and a half had been lost. To
prove this, he referred to the statement of the Sec-
íetary of the Treasury of what he called the un-
available funds. The local banks had not the pub-
lic confidence, individually or collectively. He
regretted that he was unable, from the narrow
point m which the question was now presented,
to show the general effect of the measure upon his
constituents, and he would now conclude, reserv-
ing to himself the right to take some other oppor-
tunity foi the purpose.
Mr. SELDÉN spoke in opposition to the mo-
tion    He viewed it as a-question of time, and to
the point of time he should confine his remarks.
A very speedy disposition of the question ought
to be made, and for that reason he was opposed to
the delay which would be occasioned by the refer-
ence of the sub]ect to a standing or special com-
mittee   The oidmary length of commercial paper
was 60 or 90 days.    Was every contract now in
existence to be exposed, by the delay of this sub-
ject, to all the effects of doubt and uncertainty'
Was it prudent to suffer doubts on such a subject
long to hang over the commercial community ?  If
he understood the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, he advocated the íeference of
the letter to the standing committee, first, because
it was theiflsual course, and, second, because there
was more important business wmch would be in-
terrupted by its discussion now.   But if the chair-
man agreed with him as to the character of this
question, he would deem it of sufficient importance
to devote to it the whole time of the House until it
was disposed of.    As to the usage urged by the
chairman, he would ask him to refer to a case
where the whole amount of the public funds had
been subjected to a removal, and then point out*
what had been the usage in such cases. The ordi-
nal y length of commercial paper was not equal
to the time during which this subject would rest
in the hands of the standing committee.    Was it
necessary to show to this House the extent of the
fever now felt along the whole Atlantic coast  • If
it was so, he would point out the sales of stock
recently made  in  the city of New York, from
which it would appear that the commercial pres-
sure was never so extensive and severe as now.
Was it prudent, under such circumstance1?, to keep
up this alarm and uncertainty till every note and
bill of exchange had become payable, and until
every merchant had stood and passed the day of
trial ?   In the city of New York, which he in part
represented, there were eight millions of country
bank paper afloat, to redeem which there were
only half a million in specie.    Here Mr. S. made
several statements of the amount of paper in cir-
culation compared with the quantity of metallic
currency, from which he inferred  that, in  the
whole State of New York, there was only one dol-
lar in specie for every fifteen dollars in paper.   In
other States there was a similar scarcity of metal-
lic cunency.    In Massachusetts, by a late leturn,
it appeared that there were twenty-four millions of
paper in circulation, and only nine hundred thou-
sand dollars with which to redeem it. The country
was prosperous, and every section of it was pour-
ing fourth its product , but still there was not id
the country a sufficient amount of metallic cur-
rency to meet a sudden run  among the banks.
Will the House, under such encumstances, sus-
pend their action for ninety days'    He pointed
them to the histoiy of the currency in this coun-
try     In the year 1814 the banks in New York
passed a resolution that it was unnecessary for
them to suspend specie payments.    But in five
days from that time, such was the panic and pres-
suie, that they did stop specie payments; and
from that time foith, for many months, there was
not a single paper dollar redeemed m specie from
this metropolis to the New England line.   This
shows  the  effect of alarm  upon   the currency.
Ninety days, sn—ninety days   may carry rum
through every part of the country, so far as rum
can take place from pecuniary embarrassments.
In 1814 the banks were, in five days, compelled
to rescind their  resolve to pay in  specie     The
disnos.tion of six millions of public funds was, in
itself, a matter of no moment     If the whole sura
were at once sunk in the sea the people would
forget it in a day.    But if the disooamon of that
sum be such as to create alairn, you cannot meas-
