3r 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec  17,
at large, he could concede nothing of that nature
A restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
united States was, as he believed, the very last
tKng looked for, if not the last thin  desired, by
out constituents. As far as public opinion was
to be regarded, he looked upon the deposites as
forever gone from the bank: thedie had been cast,
they would never be restored to that institution.
And the agitation now said to prevail, if it existed
in the targe cities, and to some extent here, did
not extend to the country. That was prosperous,
decided, and tianquil.
Mr. B. said he hadthusg'ven to the House the
views which would induce him to vote for the mo-
tion. He could not, with the honorable member
from Georgia, [Mr. Clayton,] with whom, upon
most quesuons rehtmg to the bank, it had been
h.s good fortune hitheito to act—he could not, he
said, with that honorablegentleman, now say that
although he believed the bank to be unconstitu-
tional; although he believed and had voted that
the public depos.tes were unsafe in its vaults, and
although he knew nothing about the State banks
which had been selected "by the Secretary of the
Treasury, yet, that he would vote to restore these
deposites to this unconstitutional and unsafe insti-
tution. These reasons might satisfy the mind of
the honorable gentleman himself, but he believed
would tend very little to the satisfaction of others.
Mr GORHAM advocated the necessity of a
speedy decision, and remarked", in answer to the
aigument of the honorable member from New
Yoik, [Mr Beardsley,] who wanted to know by
what authonty the House could possioly act on
the Secretary's report, that he thought theie was
sufficient authonty ves'ed in the House, deeming
it to be the concentration of public opimon, which
'f once expressed, and that if there was any le-
fusal on the part of the Secretary to obey such
expiession, a lemedy could be found by passing
a law on the subject.
Mi POLK íephed briefly to the arguments ad-
duced against his mouon, and maintained that the
pimciples now claimed by the present Secretary
of the Treasury weie the same upon which Mi.
Secretary Ctawfoid had acted and justified his
foimer íemoval of public moneys fiorn the bank,
that, so fai fiom the State institutions being insol-
vent, or weak in public estimation, he found that
their lespeetive stock boie at market higherprices
than the stock of the United States Bank did in all
the eastern cities, which he would take as the best
poss ble theiniometer of the public confidence in
those institutions. He desired to bring this prelim-
niaiy debate to a close, feehng p rfe< tly satisfied
that an earlier decision w >uld he had by referring
it to a standing committee than even if it was to
íemam in Committee of the Whole, the effect of
which would be, by the flood of speeches that
wou'd be theie made on one side and upon the
other, rather to daiken than enlighten the public
mind on the merits of the great question itself
Mr BURGFS havingobtained the floor, moved
an adjournment, which was carried.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 17, 1833.
A menage was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr.Donelson,
his Private .Secretary
Hi. TYLCR, on leaie, introduced a bill for the
rehefof the legal representatives of Captain Robert
"White, ard a bill foi the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Major Wil'iam Mosby, which %ere
i<-f>d, and oidered to be read a secord time
Mr ROBINSON, on leave, introduced a hi'] to
provide payment for hordes lost in the late expe-
ditions against the ¡resale Indian^, which was
¡ead, and ordered to be read a second time
Mr IIP TON, on leave, introduced a bill Anther
to extend the piovisiona of the act granting pie-
emption rights to the settlers on the public lands,
¿Lc , which was read, and oidered to be read a
second time.
STAM3IISG COMMITTEES.
The Senate then proceeded to elect the remain-
ing it embers of the several standing committees,
v i ith leoulted as follows-
Committee en Indian ¿IjfavtH—Messrs. Frelmg-
huysen, Tipton, Smith, and Swift.
Committte on Claims—Messrs. Brown, Nau-
dam, Tipton, and Wright.
Committee on the Judiciary—Messrs Bibb, Pres-
ton, Smith, and Bell
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads—
Messrs Clayton, Ewmg, Knight, and Rives.
Committee on Roads and Canals—Messrs. Hill,
Southard, Shepley, and Kent.
Committee on Pensions—Messrs. Prentiss, Mc-
Kean, Tallmadge, and Kane.
Committee on the District of Columbia—Messrs.
Tyler, Southard, Bibb, and Tomlinson.
-Committee on Revolutionary Claims—Messrs.
Swift, Hill, Smith, and Shepley.
Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate—Messrs  Tomlinson and Tallmadge.
Committee on Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Morris
and Robinson.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the annual i eport of the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury ; which, on motion of
Mr. WEBSTER, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and 1,500 copies thereof ordeied
to be printed.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, when the doors were opened
the Senate adjourned.
JVoie —We omitted to state yesterday that Mr
Clayton, of Delaware, and Mr. Waggaman, of
Louisiana, appeared and took their seats.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 17, 1833.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill malting appropriations for
the support of Government for the next year,
which was read twice and committed
Mr. E. EVERETT, from the Commit'ee on
Foreign Affans, repoited a bill for the relief of
Philip Besson.
Mr. WATMOUGH, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the íelief of the
legal representatives of-------Rowe; also, bills for
the relief of Horatio N. Crabb and John G. Rey-
nolds.
Mr. REED, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the íelief of John Percival.
Mr MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill f* the relief
of Francis and Judith Taylor.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Public Land Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of John L Lobdell.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionaiy Claims, presented a bill for the
re lef of Pressly Thornton, deceased, also, for the
relief of Thomas Minor
Which bills were severally lead and committed
Mr. ARCHER and Mr. MUHLENBERG,
from their respeclive committees, made unfavor-
able reports on the petitions of Jane Baker and
Stephen Kingston.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia,
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be m-
st'uced to inquire into the expediency'of changing
the time of holding the United States court for
the western distnet of Virginia, at Clarksburg,
and that they have leave to report by bill or oth-
erwise
On motion of Mi. HANNEGAN,
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the purpose of
removing the obstructions to the navigation of the
Wabash river.
On motion of Mr CAGE,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of establ.shing a new
circuit or cucuits, extending the circuit court sys-
tem to the new States, which are now without a
fu'l participation m the benefits growing out of
the cstabhshment of the Federal judiciary.
On motion of Mr SEVIER,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Territo-
nes be insti ucted to inquire into the expediency of
permitting the people of the Territory of Arkan-
sas to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original
States.
On motion of Mr. HAWES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to mquue into the expediency
of making an aDoropnation for the improvement
of the navigation of Green river, in the State of
Kentucky.
On motion of Mr LANE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed  to mqune into the expediency of
permitting the public lands which have been fifteen
years in market to be purchased by actual settlers
or resident cultivators at a reduced  price, under
the same regulations and restrictions as are pre-
scribed by the act of April 5th, 1832, for the pur-
chase of forty-acre tracts; and of granting to every
settler (being a housekeeper) on such lands, the
right of preemption to enter the quarter quarter
sections which he has improved; with leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. STANDIFER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to improve the Ten-
nessee and Coosa rivers, and connect their waters
by canal or railroad.
On motion of Mr CARR,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation, either in money or m
Government lands, for the purpose of improving
the great western thoroughfare and  mail route
between Louisville, Kentucky, and St. Louis, in
the S'ate of Missouri.
Be it further resolved, That the Committee on
Roads and Canals be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of makme an appropriation for the
purpose of improving the navigation in the Indian
Chute, through the falls of the Ohio river, opposi'e
Louisville, Kentucky; a sum sufficient to accom-
plish which, and make the Indian Chute naviga-
ble for keel and flat boats in a low stage of water
would not, it is presumed, equal the sum liable to
be collected as tolls from keel and flat boats for a
passage through the canal within the term of one
year
And be i^ further resolved, That the Committee
on Roads and Canals be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of making an appropriation for the
purpose of surveying a route for the construction
of a railroad, commencing at the falls of the Ohio
river, or at some other convenient  commercial
point, thence to Indianapolis, the seat of govern-
ment of the State of Indiana, and from thence to
Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, m the State
of Indiana.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making appropriations for the following
objects, viz.  1st. An appropriation for construct-
ing a ship canal to connect the navigable waters
of the river Raisin with Lake Erie or La Plmsance
¡ bay, in the Territory of Michigan, agreeably to
I the survey and est mate of the War Department
I 2d   An appropriation for surveying the Flats, so
I called, in Lake St. Clair, at the mouth of St Clair
| river; and also for removing the bar and building
a pier, if necessary,at the mouth of Clinton river,
in Lake St Clair, in Michigan Territory-   3J. An
j appropriation for constructing a  harbor at the
J mouth of the St. Joseph's river, on Lake Michi-
i gan, m Michigan Teiruory.    4tti. An appropria-
I tion to defray the expenses of surveying the ob-
l structions to the navigation of the St Joseph'sand
Kalamazoo rivers as far up as the said streams
may be considered navigable.
I     On motion of Mr  MASON,
|     Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOfice
and Post Roads  be instructed to inquire into the
I expediency  of  establishing  a  post  route  from
Sussex Court House by  Comanne's Mill and
Williamson's Store, in Virginia, to Pleasant Hill,
in Northampton county, in North Carolina
■     On motion of Mr E  EVERETT,
j     Resolved? That a committee of three  be ap-
pointed, who, together with a like number to he
( apponted by the Senate, shall direct the expend-
iture of the money appropriated for theLibraiy
of Congress
|     On motion of Mr EVANS.
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
> Means be duected to inquire into the expediency
