1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
no reason why we should delay to bring it before
that committee.
Mr PEYTON said the people had pronounced
a judgment upon the subject, which we were now
called upon hastily to reverse. The American
people dread no power—that of a corporation, or
of any other power The alarm attempted to be
excited was without foundation. His own opin-
ion was, that the subject ought to be referred first
to a committee, and upon the report of that com-
mittee the House should act. The movement of
the Secretary of the Treasury two months in ad-
vance of the meeting of Congress was necessary,
he contended, in order to prevent the bank from
withdrawing from the general circulation of the
country nine millions of dollars more He re-
ferred to many charges against the bank, which,
unless gentlemen on the other side admitted them,
ought to be subjects of investigation in a standing
committee Fa<-ts as to which any dispute should
arise could not be settled in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, wished the
House to understand the nature of the question:
it was a motion to reconsider a vote sending the
report of the Secretary to the Committee of the
Whole. Why is the motion made' It is to send
the paper to the Committee of Ways and Means.
What purpose is to be served by that course ' First,
it is said to be the usage of the House to refer
such papers to that committee. But we referred,
at the commencement of every session, the Presi-
dent's message to the Committee of the Whole.
Why' Because it relates to great and general sub-
jects—the great matters of the Union There it
was dissected and disposed of Thepnnciple was,
that all great subjects should be referred to the
Committee of the Whole. The usage on smaller
questions was exactly opposite The argument of
usage, therefore, falls to the ground What is the
next reason' The Committee of Ways and Means
is to furnish facts. What right has that commit-
tee to give us facts' We are to look to the Sec-
retary for the facts upon which the Secretary has
acted. When we ha\e his reasons what more do
we want' Why, it is said, that there must be a
report, echoing some public documents ahead y
before us Well, if it is to go there for political
purposes, let it be so understood Let a political
report, for political effect, be made. But one thing
he desired, that these two matters—the report of
ttie Secretary and the President's message—should
not be separated.
Mr LANE said, that so far as he had been able
to gather the intentions of gentlemen, all were
agreed in desiring as speedy a conclusion as could
be arrived at, and, so far as his own vote was con-
cerned, it should be on that side which he consid-
ered best calculated to reach that end He was
willing to put the question as to the propei dispo-
sition of the report of the Secretary on a single
propobition advanced by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr McDuftie ] That gentleman said
the paper must go to the Committee of the Whole,
in order that the great and obvious principles in-
volved might theie be settled Now, he had sup-
posed that the great and obvious principles of truth
were always known and always settled, that they
werefirm and settled as the course of time, and that
great principles were only useful in their practical
application to things He had now, for the fiist
time, learned what was thereat object of that gen-
tleman: it was to discuss the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, together with the weekly
reports of the bank; and the gentleman had had
the candor to tell the House that those weekly re-
poi ts do contradict the averments of the Secretary,
so that it appeared an issue was to be made up
between the statements of the Secretary and the
statements of the bank reports Now, how was
this issue to be settled' By first discussing great
and obvious principles m Committee of theWhole'
No By sending both, together with the reports
of the directors of the bank, to the Committee of
Ways and Means Let the committee settle the
issue, and let them bring back, as speedily as pos-
sible, their report into the House When once
the facts were settled, what was the object of dis-
cussion' To ascertain the truth Was the Sec-
íetaiy right, or were the dnectois right' When
this was the question brought before the Commit
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, how I
simple and how obvious would be the inquiry
which would occupy its attention ' It was easy to
apply great principles—they were as simple as
light. Inasmuch as the saving of time was the
great object on all hands, let the paper go to the
Committee of Ways and Means, let it be accom-
panied, if gentlemen pleased, with instructions,
and let the investigation, the decision, and the re-
port follow each other in quick succession.
The House had been told that a great state of
alarm existed in the country, and that a further
continuanceof the presentstate of uncertainty was
much more to be apprehended than any result of
the question Since this had been stated, and facts
had been referred to in support of it, he would in-
quire of gentlemen (he did it with great reluctance,
and should not, had not the statements made
compelled rum to such a course) who had spread
this alarm' Who had proclaimed it abroad' The
Secretary had declared in his report that all was
well, here was the voice of peace. Did the gen-
tleman learn it from the venerable man who filled
the Executive chair' No. Did he hear it from
gentlemen on that floor who were the avowed
friends of the Administration ' No The alarm
came from a different quarter entirely The cry of
" fire'" came from the opposite side of the House
No doubt the cry was raised in all sincerity, but it
came not from those who acted with him. Mr. L
concluded by expressing his hope that the paper
would go to the Committee of Ways and Means,
that they would report without delay, and that all
would act upon the subject without reference to
local or to party feelings, and like members of
one common family, would all conspire to allay
the alarm which was said to prevail.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided in the affirmative, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs John Adams, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Baylies, Beale, Bean,
Beardsley, Beaumont, John Bell, James Blair,
John Blair, Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Coffee, Connor, Cramer, Day", P. Dicker-
son, D W. Dickinson, Dunlap, Forester, Fow
ler, William K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Ghol-
son,Gillett, Joseph Hail, Thos H Hall, Hahey,
Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Henderson, How-
ell, Hubbard, A Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, R.
M Johnson, N Johnson, C. Johnson, B. Jones,
Kavanagh, Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Lawrence, Lea, Leavitt, Lee, Loyall, Lucas, Ly-
on, Abijah Mann, J K Mann, Mardis, Ma^on,
McCarty, McComas, McKay, McKim, McKin-
ley, McLene,McVean, Miller, R. Mitchell,Muh
lenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parks, Parker,
Patton, Patterson, D J Pearce, Peyton, F Pierce,
Pierson, Polk, Pope, Ramsey, Schenck, Schley,
A H Shepperd, Shmn, Charles Slade, Smith,
Speight, Standifei, Stoddert, Sutherland, William j
Taylor, John Thomson, Turner, Turrill, Van- I
derpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Ward-
well, Wayne, Webster, Whallon, C. P. White,
and Wise—124
NAYS—Messrs John Q. Adams, H Allen,C.
Allan, Archer, Ashley, Binks, Barber^ Barnitz,
Barnnger, Bates, Beatty, J M. Bell,*Bmney,
Bouldin, Bnggs, Bullard, Bull, Burd, Burges,
Cage, Chambers, Chilton, Choate, W Clark,
Clayton, Clowney, Cor win,Coulter,Crane,Crock-
ett, Darlington, John Davis, W. R Davis, A
Davis, Davenport, Deberry ,Demmg, Denny, Den-
nis, Dickson, Duncan,Ellsworth,Evans, Edward
Everett, Horace Everett, Ewmg, Felder, Fillmore,
Toot, Foster, Philo C Fuller, Gamble, Gilmer,
Gordon, Gorham, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin,
Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Harper, Ha-
zeltine, Heath, Hiester, Jabez W Huntington,
W Cost Johnson, Seaborn Jones, King,Lewis,
Love, Martmdale, Marshall, McDuffie, McKen-
nan, Mercer, Milligan, Moore, Pinckney, Potts,
Reed, Rencher, Selden, W. B Shepaid, Wm
Slade, Sloane, Spangler, Stewart, Wm P Tay-
lor, Philemon Thomas, Tompkins, Tweedy,
Vance, Vinton, Watmough, E D White, Fred-
erick Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—103
So the House agreed to reconsider the vote re-
ferring the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POLK then moved that the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McDUFFIE moved the following instruc-
tions to the Committee on Ways and Means.
" To report a joint resolution providing that the
public revenue hereafter collected be deposited in
the Bank of the United States, in conformity with
the public faith pledged in the charter of the said
bank."
Mr McDÜFFIE then moved [at half past three
o'clock] that the House do now adjourn.
Messrs PATTON and WARDWELL being
appointed tellers, the question was taken on the
adjournment, and decided in the affirmative—ayes
110, noes 102
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 18, 1833.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary.
Various memorials and petitions were presented
bv Messrs. WILKINS, SILSBEE, CHAM-
BERS, WRIGHT, KENT, FRELINGHUY-
SEN. HENDRICKS, TYLER, PRENTISS,
McKEAN, SPRAGUE.SHEPLEY, TJPTON.
Mr. EW1NG, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Hugh
McGmnis, deceased; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Claims
Mr HENDRICKS, on leave given, introduced
a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Captain Robert Beal, deceased; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TYLER, on leave given, introduced a bilf
for the relief of the legal representatives of Wil-
liam McKinley, which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BIBB, on leave given, introduced a bill for
the relief of the sureties of John H Morton, which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, together with additional documents
in relation thereto.
Mr. SILSBEE, on leave given, introduced a
bill for the relief of Phmeas Sprague and others;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, so much of
the President's message as relates to the public
lands was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, so much of the
President's message as relates to the Post Office,
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads
On motion of Mr. SILSBEE, so much of the
President's message as relates to commerce was
referred to the committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr WEBSTER, so much of the
President's message as relates to finance was re-
ferred to the committee on that éubject
On motion of Mr WHITE, so much of the
President's messige as relates to Indian affairs
was referred to the committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr BENTON, so much of the
message as relates to military affairs was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr SOUTHARD, so much of
the said message as relates to naval affairs was
referíed to the committee on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
communications from the Secretary of War and
Commissioner of Pensions, which, on motion of
Mr TOMLINSON, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr KING, the following resolu-
tion, offered by him on Tuesday the 11th instant,
was considered and agreed to
R'sohci, That theCommitteeon Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the President of the United States to
appoint an agent to receive evidence of losses sus-
tained by the inhabitants of the now State of Ala-
bama by a hostile eruption of a party of Creek
Indians in the year 1814, by which Fort Mims
was taken, and those who had fled there for pro-
tection massacred
