1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
John Blair, Bockee, Bodle,Boon, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Clayton, Connor, Cramer, Day, Dickerson,
Dickinson, Duncan, Dunlap, Ewmg, Fillmore,
Forester, Fowler, Philo C Fuller, William K.
Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Gholson, Gillet, Gil-
mer, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M. Harper,Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Henderson, Howell, Hub-
bard, Abel Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M.
Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnsori, Ben-
jamin Jones, Kavanagh,Kinnard, Lane, Lansing,
Laporte, Lawrence, Lea, Leavitt, Lee, Loyall,
Lucas, Abijah Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis,
Mason, McCarty, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,
McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller, R Mitch-
ell, Samuel MeD Moore, Muh'enberg, Murphy,
Osgood, Page, Parks, Parker, Patterson, Pearce,
Pierce, Pierson, Polk, Pope, Ramsey, Schenck,
Schley, Shmn, Charles Slade, Smith, Speight,
Standifer, Stoddert, Sutherland,.William Taylor,
William P.Taylor, John Thomson, Turril), Van-
derpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Ward-
well, Webster, Whallon, Campbell P. White,
Wilson, Wise—126.
The memorial was then ordered to be printed
Mr. CHILTON moved to amend Mr. Pplk's
motion, by instructing the Committee of Ways
and Means, in substance, to íeport a joint resolu-
tion directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
restore the public deposites to the Bank of the
United States.
[Mr. C. addressed the House at length in sup-
port of his amendment, and went into the general
subject of the bank; but having concluded with a
request to the reporters that although they might,
if they thought proper, present their own views,
they should abstain from giving his remarks until
further directions from him, and, as will be been
in the subsequent proceedings that the amendment
was withdrawn by Mr. C , the reportei feels
pleasure in acceding to his wishes ]
The yeas and rays having been ordered on the
call of Mr. Chilton, and the question on his
amendment stated,
Mr.McDUFFIE requested thegentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw his proposition, as it
seemed to forestall the other proceedings, which
were then undisposed of, and about to come up
for discussion.
Mr. CHILTON consented to withdraw his
amendment, and the memorial was then referred
to the-Committee of Ways and Means.
On motion of Mr. SLADE, of Vermoit,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of restoring to the roll of invalid pensioners the
names of those who have relinquished their claim
to such pensions for the purpobe of obtaining the
benefit of the pension laws of the 18th March,
1818, and 1st of May, 1820.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, whose
duty it shall be to consider all matters referred to
them touching the public buildings and public
grounds within the city of Washington, with leave
to report by bill or otherwise
On motion of Mr. MelNTIRE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making appropnation by law for paying Nicho-
las Scammon, the beaier of a prize certificate the
amount duetheieon, which certificate issued fiom
the War Office of the United States, under date of
the 29 h of April, 1760, for $o00, with interest
annually, payable to Thomas Cutts, or bearer,
numbered 228.
On motion of Mr DEMING,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to Jonathan Elkins,
of Caledonia county, in the State of Veimont, on
account of his services and suffeungs duimg the
war of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. WARDWELL,      *
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions inquire into the expediency of planting a
pension to Abel Pottei.nf tl¿e State of New Yoik,
for his services in the ¡evolutionary wai.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following reso-
lution, wtuch lies one day for consideration.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dnected
to communicate to this House the report of the
engineer employed to make a survey, plan, and
estimate, with a view to the improvement of the
steamboat navigation of the Monongahela river.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of making compensation to the heirs of Benjamin
Harvey, deceased, for bounty lands, and services
tendered the United States during the revolution-
ary war.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Ab-
ingdon, Va , to Grayson Court-House, in the
same State.
On motion of Mr. R. M JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an additional appropriation of land to
satisfy the warrants ^n senp which haveiSbued,or
which may hereafter issue, accord'ng to the reso-
lutions and laws of the United States and Virginia,
for revolutionary services.
Resohed, That the Commi'tee on the Judiciary
be insuucitd to inquiie into the expediency of
amending and cor.tmuirg the act of Congress
entitled ■' An act in aaduion to an act entitled an
act fo. the lehef of certain insolvent debtors of the
United S'ateü," which expires tne 4Ji of March
next
O i motion of Mr C JOHNSON,
Resohed, That all the papers and documents
now on tne files of tie House in relation to the
establishment ot an a mory on the western waters,
be lefentd to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and that they have leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr E WHITTLESEY submitted the follow-
ing .esolution, which lies one day
Resolved, That so much of the 13'h rule of the
House as follows, to wif " and other persons
introduced by the Speaker or by a member of the
House, shall be admitted within the Hall of the
House of Representatives," be, and the same is
hereby, rescinded.
On motion of Mi. HANNEGAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the necessary sur-
vey and construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Trail creek, on Lake Michigan.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD,
Resohed, Tnat the Committee on Public Lands
be instrue'ed to inquire into the expediency of
embracing the State of Indiana and theTerritones
of Michigan and Huion,in one sur\eyor general's
district, and of locating the office of surveyor gen-
eial for said district at Indianapolis m the State
of Indiana
On mot.on of Mr SLADE, of Illinois,
Rescued, That the Corrrmttee on R.oads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of causing a survey and estimate of the expens^of
improving the navigation of the Kaskaskia river,
in the State of Illinois, from the town of Shelby-
ville to its junction with the Mississippi river
Resohed, That the samecommittee be instiucted
to mqune into the expediency of causing a resur-
vey of the national road from Vandalia, the seat
of government, in the State of Illinois, to the Mis-
sissippi uver
On motion of Mr DUNC4.N,
Resolved, That t( e Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to mquue into theexpediency
of affording some efficient aid to the Siate of Illi-
nois, in the construction of a steamboat canal from
Lake Michigan to the Illinois river
Mi ASHLEY submitted the following preamble
and íesolution, which was agieed to'
Whereas the P.esidert of the United States
entei tains doubts of the action of Congress on the
claims of six companies of M'Ssoun militia, for
seivices lendeied during the late war with the In-
dians on the northern ñontier, consequently pay-
ment to those companies has been withheld, there-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire whether an appro-
priation for the purpose aforesaid was made at the
last session of Congress, and if not, to inquire into
the expediency of appropriating a sufficient sum
for that purpose
Mr. EWING submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing a national currency of $35,000,000,
to be founded upon the faith of the United States,
and to be unconnected with, and independent of,
all direct Executive control, except as may be
required for the nomination of directors; said
currency to be struck, perfected, and issued in a
department of the Mint of the United States, under
regulations to secure an impartial distribution
thereof among the several States, respectively,
according to representative population, if the same
be required in virtue of the plighted faith and re-
sources of each State so requiring, to the United
States for its redemption, according to the legal
stipulations on its face, and the payment of such
bonus to the Treasury of the United States to defray
expense, and to guarantee ulterior responsibility,
as may be prescribed; and said currency so author-
ized and loaned, according to the prescribed ratio,
to States requiring its use, when loaned to the
people through State instrumentality, shall be
received m payment of public lands, and m pay-
ment of all other revenue accruing to the General
Government, and shall be obligatory upon the
State issuing the same to redeem on demand at her
office of discount and deposite, which said State
office, when established, under State guarantee, to
loan and to redeem said currency, shall be the
place of deposite pf all public money collected or
belonging to the General Government, within the
limits of the State where it existed, also, to inquire
into the comparative expediency of establishing a
national bank, based upon a specie capital, to be
furnished by the several States, as sole stockhold-
ers thereof, on a scale proportionate to the repre-
sentative population of each, with a branch in each
State, the institution to be regulated in strict ac-
eoidance with uniform general rules, adopted by
Congress under a directory of State appointment,
and each State to enjoy the benefit of a capital, and
exercise a power in accordance with her vested
interest therein, said committee to report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. EWING said this was a momentous ques-
tion This Union was dependent on no corpora-
tions. This House had the power of creating; a
sound currency for the country, if the local cur-
rency should become disordered. He could show
that the institution which he proposed would pro-
duce a safer and more uniform curiency than we
now had. it would also enrich the States, and
promote those improvements on which the pros-
perity of the country depends.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEWART,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, December 19, 1833
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. PRENTISS, LINN, BIBB, RIVES,
HILL, PRESTON, CH \MBERS, WRIGHT,
FRELINGHUYSEN, BELL, TOML1NSON,
SPRAGUE, TYLER, CLAY, WiLKlNS,
SILSBEE, and KING, of Alabama
Mr P01NDEXTER, on leave given, presented
a bi'l for the relief of Ehhu Hall Bay; which was
read tv/ice, and referred to ihe Committee on Pu-
vate Land Claims
1     Mr. CHAMBCRS, on leave given, introduced
a bill pioviding for payment of interest on  the
I   claims ot the several States for moneys advanced
I   during the last war; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
1      Mr   POINDEXTER submitted the following
, resolution
Resohed, That the Sergeant-at-Arms beauthor-
i ized to subscribe for three daily papers published
I in the District of Columbia, for the use of the
j! Senate.
