1833.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    51
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the Committee en Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into theexpediency
of making an appropriation to construct certain
roads in the Territory of Michigan described in a
bill (No. 85) which passed the Senate at the last
session of Congress; and also, that said committee
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to survey and mark a
road, and to cut away the timber and bridge the
streams on the same from Taginaw to Mackinac,
and thence to the Sault Sainte Marie, in Michigan
Territory.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph Byington.
Mr BOULD1N, from theCommittee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported bills for the relief of the
legal representatives of George Herbeit, and of
the heirs-at-law of Richard Wilson.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the same, re-
ported bills for the relief of Dr. Robert Wilmot and
Ephraim Whitaker.
Mr. CRANE, from the same,reported abill for
the relief of Mary Anne Brooks, and other heirs-
at-law of Daniel Reeves.
Mr. GRENNELL, of Massachusetts, reported
a bill for the relief of Asa Wilkinson.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Daniel Payne.
Mr. McINTIRE reported a bill for the relief of
Laurentius M. Hyler.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported bills for the relief
of the legal representatives of Captain Thomas
Blackweli, and for the administrators of Michael
Pratts.
Mr. EVANS, of Maine, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill granting pensions to cer-
tain persons therein named.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON reported a bill for the
relief of J. Dutee and others.
All v/hich bilis were read twice and committed.
The SPEAKER presented the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States:
Washington, December 23, 1833.
To the House of Representan es:
The rules and regulations herewith submitted
have been prepared by a board of officers, in con-
formity with an act passed May 19,1832. They
are approved by me; and, in pursuance of the
provisions of said act, are now communicated to
the House of Representatives for the purpose of
obtaining to them the sanction of Congress.
■      ANDREW JACKSON.
The said message, on motion of Mr. WAT-
MOUGH, with theaceompanyingdocuments, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also presented a report from
Robert Mills, in relation to the recent alteration
made in the House of Representatives; which, on
motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion to recommit the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury to the Committee of Ways and
Means—the question being on the following in-
structions, moved by Mr. McDUFFIE:
" To report a joint resolution providing that the
public revenue hereafter collected be deposited in
the Bank of the United States, in conformity with
the public faith pledged in the charter of the said
bank."
Mr. McDUFFIE said, the only substantial
ground alleged by the Secretary of the Treasury
for the removal of the deposites he would now
proceed to consider. It was a ground which, if
founded in fact, was entitled to the serious consid-
eration of this House. The Secretary alleged
that the curtailments of the bank made this step
so necessary that he could not wait two months
for the meeting of Congress. Mr. McD. insisted
that the ground taken was not founded in fact.
The whole amount of the reduction in the circula-
tion of the bank, from the first of August to the first
of October, was, in fact, only one million and
sixteen thousand dollars.   But the Secretary has
informed us that the amount of the reductions, or,
as the Secretary called them, " of collections from
the community," during that time, was upwards
of six millions of dollars. The document, there-
fore, speaking technically, or in the language of
common sense, was a gross'imposition on the pub-
lic. The Secretary had arrived at this result by
aliegingthat the amount of deposites received by
the bank was equivalent to a withdrawal of so
much money from the circulation of the bank.
The actual amount of discounts on the first of
August was #43,237,000, and on the first of Octo-
ber, $42,221,000-, so that this extraordinary reduc-
tion, which produced so much distress, was only
$1,016,000. The actual amount of capital taken
from the vaults of the bank, within the same time,
was $8,000,000; for the threat to take it away
rendered it necessary for the bank to be prepared
to pay it. The domestic bills discounted by the
bank were not actually loans. They were bought
by the bank, and paid at maturity, for the accom-
modation of the community, and to save the time
of transporting specie. On no commercial princi-
ple, therefore, could the diminution in the amount
of these bills be considered as a diminution of the
circulation. He had seen it stated in the Govern-
ment press of this morning that the bank, from
the first of August to the presenttime, had dimin-
ished its circulation twelve millio'ns of dollars.
But the fact was, that, to this time from the first
of August, the diminution of its circulation had
been only four millions and a half of dollars; and
adding to this amount the diminution in bills of
exchange, it was less than ten millions, a sum but
little exceeding the amount drawn by theGovern-
ment from the bank.
The Secretary next accuses the bank of hoard-
ing up specie—of accumulating a large amount of
specie, which the Secretary infers was drawn from
the State banks. But if the fact were true which
the Secretary alleges, and if all the suffering had
ensued from the curtailments.of the bank, still the
Executive was entirely answerable for it. He had
never read, in his life, a more unfair, uncandid,
j and Jesuitical statement than that, by which it was
attempted to throw the responsibility of the pres-
ent pressure upon the bank. After reading the
passage referred to, he adverted to the declaration
of the President, made by public manifesto, in
September, that the deposites ought to be removed
as soon as practicable, and fixes for that purpose
the first day of October. Yet the Secretary says
the bank should not have taken the removal for
granted. They should have come to him, to
the Secretary of the Treasury, for information as
to this fact. But who was the Secretary of the
Treasury? Mr. Duane held the office,and would
he, if applied to, have given any information coun-
ter to that communicated in the manifesto ? The
bank, he insisted, ought, in common prudence, to
consider the deposites as removed as soon as the
manifesto of the Executive was published. Mr.
McD. then referred to the charge that the bank
had violated its charter in not requiring the con-
currence of seven directors in every act. Why
was not the scire facias issued on this charge?
Why, he believed that not one respectable lawyer
in the United States would be found to bring the
suit. The board of directors constituted the legis-
lature of the bank, but the president and certain
committees were the executive authority of the
bank. It was not necessary that any act author-
ized by the board should be performed in the pres-
ence of and with the assent of the board. The
President of the United States, he imagined, would
not consent to decline the exercise of all Execu-
tive authority which had not the concurrence of
Congress. But it was said that the Government
directors were excluded from all participation m
the proceedings of the bank. He went into a state-
ment of the ordinary management of the bank, to
show that the proceedings of the exchange com-
mittee were duly reported to the board, and that
no act of that committee could be consummated
¡ without the knowledge of every member of the
j board. The Government directors could see the
I whole proceedings of that committee on the books
i before their consummation. The old matter of
' the three per cents, had been again looked up, as
a charge against the bank. In that case the bank
stepped in"to avert a pressure which the Govern-
ment was about to produce.   By the arrangement
of the bank, they were enabled to continue their
discounts to the amount of six millions; the Gov-
ernment was released from responsibility, and the
certificates fame into the hands of the bank. In
fact, the bank, by this arrangement, expedited in-
stead of retarded the payment of the debt. The
bank paid the interest of the stock to the Govern-
ment; the Government lost nothing, and the bank
had now paid the whole amount of the certificates
to the holders, and had at the same time averted
from the community a pressure as severe and as
extensive as the'present. For what purpose this
charge was brought up again he could not tell,
but it served to show the spirit in which the bank
was persecuted.
On the subject of the charge against the bank,
founded on the demand made by the bank upon
the Government for damages on a bill of exchange
drawn by the Government on France, purchased
by the bank and protested, he stated that the bank
in this transaction stood to the Government pre-
cisely as an individual purchaser of a bill, and
were exposed to the same loss and inconvenience
by its protest, as an individual purchaser would
have been. The Government itself had always
most rigidly exacted damages to the full legal
amount, whether inconvenience had been suffered
or not. Yet the Government had the audacity to
charge the bank with stabbing the public credit,
whereas the Government itself had stabbed the
public credit by refusing to pay its just debts. The
Government alleges that the money was deposited
in the bank to the whole amount paid for the
draft, and that the bank had, therefore, the use of
it. But this was an assertion not founded in fact.
Congress provided bylaw, that the money should
be deposited in the bank, and appropriated to
loans for the use of the distributees of the fund.
He came next to the charge that the bank had
conferred upon its president the power of printing
certain documents. He was astonished that ihe
President, of all others, should have made this
charge. By a law of last session an unlimited
power—the disposition of the whole wealth and
revenue of the country—was placed in the hands
of the President at his own special instarfce. He
could not match this inconsistency with anything
but with another Dutch story-; he had got in the
habit of relating Dutch stories; they were so very
apposite, at the present time, as affording illustra-
tions of Dutch wisdom. Buthe would not locate
this story, like the other, at Kinderhook, lest some
question might arise upon it. In a certain Dutch
village, there was once upon a time, as all old
stories begin, a certain lottery to be drawn, having
many blanks and few prizes. In the revolving of
the wheel before the assembled crowds interested
in such event, dame fortune, who presided, show-
ered her favors upon but few. There were more
blanks than prizes. This was felt a great grievance,
until at length, the public excitement getting to the
highest piteh, a large bully mounted the platform
upon which the wheel was placed, with the inten-
tion of breaking it all to smashes, because, as he
said, " de whole bushness war a piece of willain-
ous cheatrery"—when up starts one of themana-
gers, before he had time to put his threats into
execution, and exclaimed to him," Softly, softly,
my good friend; do you know what this is in my
hand foryou?" ThehonestDutchmansaid," No,
he did not." " Why, then, "said the other," 'tis
a large prize for you." " Oh, then," on second
thought, responded the Dutchman," this cannot be
a willainous piece of cheatrery; itisas fairathing
as ever was." The President complains of the
power vested in the president of the bank as sub-
versive of the liberty of the country, but when he
himself takes the exercise of a power ten thousand
times greater, he says " it is as fair a thing as ever
was."' The charge was, that the bank had ex-
pended so much for printing—but, in fact, only
$46,000 of the sum stated was for printing—the
remainder being for blank books, bank notes, &c.
He mentioned this merely to show that the state-
ment of the Secretary could not be relied upon. He
wished to God that the President, as the represent-
ative of the Government interest in the bank, had
discharged his duties as well as the president of the
bank. His daily and nightly effort had been to de-
stroy the institution; and it was greatly to the credit
i of the bank that it had withstood the whole combi-
I  nation of the Government—stockjobbers and all.
