52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
Any other institution would have fallen under the
assault The Bank of the United States is the only
institution which stands safe amidst the general
shock produced by the course of the Government,
and yet the President had denounced it last year
as an unsafe depository for the public money. The
oank, too, had made a generous use of its power,
for he was told that it had assisted to pieserve the
blanks in its vicinity ¡rom entire destruction. The
Bank, too, was charged with interfiling with elec-
tions. The charge was, that the bank, from the
firstof January, 1831, to May, 1833, had increased
its loans from tony-two to seventy millions of dol
Iars—making an meiease of twenty-eight millions
in sixteen months. But this statement was, he
contended, a gross, and he was sorry to say, an
intentional misrepresentation. On the firstof Jan-
uary the amount of d iscounts was thirty thi ee mil-
lions. On the first of May they had mcieased to
forty-seven millions—beingan increase of fourteen
millions. This was put forth as a ciime against
the bank. But the Secretary of the Treasury had,
in suppressing some facts, which must have been
known to him, left himself open to the charge of
wilfully attempting to impose upon the Congress
and the country, for he had known that, by vari-
ous means, the collecting of its debts, and repay-
ments fiom England, the bank had increased the
cash in its vaults, during that same period, to nearly
eleven millions—and yet he urges as a complaint,
" that the bank had increased its discounts from
forty two to seventy millions " So the extraordi-
nary increase of discounts turns out to be nothing
more than the exchange of one debtor for anothei,
and, besides, the bank was able to discount more
than the actual amount of the money thus repaid
to it. Another consideration was, that the yeai
1801 was one of most excessive importation, and
although there was an unprecedented amount of
commercial debt created, there was, through the
wise administration of the bank, no ruinous reac-
tion or depression The bank eased everything
down quietly and safely. The merchants got
thiough the cusís with ease, and in spite of all
predictions, refused to fail or become embarrassed
The main proof brought by the President and his
Secretary in support of the charge of interfering
with elections was this increase of discounts
They could imagine no other reason for the increase
than an attempt to defeat his election. Moat hor-
ribly must that intellect be perverted which could
see in such a measuie nothing but a desire to
interfere in a presidential election.
He had now gone through with all the charges
against the bank, and he called upon Congress to
interfere and save the country from the distresses
impending over it. Shall we not interfere to stop
the extending iuin' We are called upon by every
consideration connected with the hbeities of the
people to arrest the arbitiary arm of the Execu-
tive Wheie is the public tiensure' Wo man can
tell where it is By what authority has it been
taken out of the Treasuiy' No man can answer
Then let us tell the Secretary of the Treasury, if
he attempts to forestal! our pioce,edings, he shall
not accomplish his object Why had the Presi
dent removed the deposites before the meeting of
Congress' Because he knew that he could not
persuade Congiess to do it, though he might induce
them to confirm the act after it was done. The
President, as a military man, knows the effect of
thiowmg himself into a breach and crying to his
followers, "Save your general " The Executive
Government had thrust itself into this matter m
such a manner as almost to preclude any action
upon our part. We could not now, without pro-
ducing great embarrassments, interfere by oiderwg
the deposites, already withdrawn from the United
States Bank, to be restored to it; and he hail,
therefore, confined his object to the futuiedeposue
of all public money m that bank. The instruc-
tions to the committee for the restoration of the
deposites, he desired now to have only a prospect-
ive effect, in order to avert the ruin which would
ensue from their being suddenfy withdrawn from
the State banks. He knew that the picture drawn
of the calamities all over the country would be
said to have been too highly colored. It was, in
fact, said the other^day, by an honorable member
fiom New York, [Mr Vanderpoel,] that the
removal had nothing to do with these calamities—
that all that was said about commeicial distress,
was a humbug Ay, sir, these were the words;
but to him it was a most melancholy humbug
Was theie any man now in his senses to join in
that opinion' Who now would say that the re-
moval of the deposites had not something to do
with the distress overspreading the land' Ble
presumed no man would have the audacity now t0
say so, for any picture of that distress must fall
short of its sad reality. Even he himself, until he
had various letters from different sections of the
country, could not have formed any idea of its
extent And this, he contended, would not be
confined, as was alleged, to the cities only; it must
finally increase, and find its way into the country
at large—as one class of the country could not be
affected by commercial distress, without all the
others feeling it, and most sensibly too. That the
effect of the commeicial distress on the South had
already been felt he could testify. The crop of
cotton, when brought to market, had borne m
Charleston, as compared with the puces in Liv-
erpool, a loss of five cents per pound. What pro-
duced this difference' Nothing else assuredly
than the scaicity of money; in consequence of
which the usual purchasers of this article were
disabled from entennginto the market; and within
the last four weeks a further difference had been
made of at least two cents. With the knowledge
of this, as to one important interest, he might pre-
dict that the same result would be produced in
others. Did they not know that great losses had
arisen to the dealers interested in stocks of the
State banks, even in some of the favoied ones'
Was there not in the Girard bank stock a decline
fiom 70 to 54' And yet they were to be told
theie was no commercial distress in consequence
of the scarcity of money But if there was such
a depreciation in the value of this bank stock,
must it not be apparent that the stock of others
would also become depreciated' From what cause
could such depreciation arise, if it was not from
the panic created in consequence of the absurd
and wicked interference with the monetary insti-
tutions '
He would conclude by asking, what would be
the end of this' He would not say. The object
of all these measures, if rot íetraced, must be to
make a saeufice of the interests of all the indus-
trious classes in the country for the sole benefit of
speculatois and stockjobbers. For them there
was a full harvest to be reaped. The speculating
broker and íapacious money-vender would have
every opportunity afforded them to prey upon the
necessities of those who were the main dependence
of the country These meritorious classes must
be depressed, whilst others would rise upon their
necessities to princely fortunes. To those pet-
sons, however, who, if connected with the recent
measures of the Government, and speculating on
their effect, had hoped to gam by depreciating the
United States Bank stock, it was some consolation
that they would be disappointed; for whilst the
State bank stock had, in many instances, fallen,
the other had advanced, the bank was too strong
for them Mr McD , after deprecating at some
length the ruinous consequences that would fol-
low, as a consequence ot the late measures, in
connecting the Executive with the finance power of
the country, concluded by calling upon the House
to interpose its power, before it became too late to
do so, to wiest impending rum from the country.
Mr POLK then rose and moved an adjourn-
ment, which was carried
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesdiy, December 24, 1833
A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of A. J Donelsoí,,
Esq , his Private Secietary.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs HENDRICKS, TOML1NS0N, KING
of Alabama, TALLMADGE.LlNN.andSHEP-
LEY.
Mr. ROBINSON, on leave given, introduced
bills for the relief of Noah Stehley and George
Stehley, which were read twice and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee to
whom was i eferred the bill for the relief of Ehhu
Hall Bay, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BELL, on leave given, introduced a bill for
the íehef of Caleb Stark; which was twice read,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the memorial
of the Legislature of Missoun praying for agrant
of lands, reported adverse to the prayer of the
petitioners
Mr. SPRAGUE, on leave given, presented a
bill for the relief of Ebenezei Roberts, which was
twics read, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on Post
Offices, reported two bills for the relief of John
Chalender and William Johnson, and Thomas
Rhoads and Jeremiah Austen.
Mr. POINDEXTER, on leave given,introduced
a bill for the relief of Calvin Smith, which was
twice read, and referred to the Committee on Pn
vate Land Claims.
Mr. KENT submitted the following joint reso-
lution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America m Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the
following article be proposed to the Legislatures
of the several States as an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part of the Constitution.
When a bill which, having passed the Senate
and House of Representatives, shall be returned
by the President of the United States, with his
objections, upon the reconsideration thereof, a
majority of all the members elected to each House
shall again pass such bill, notwithstanding the
objections of the President, it shall become a law,
and the requisition of two thirds in such case,
according to the existing Constitution is revoked.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. KING,fame up for consideration, and was
adopted"
Resolved, That the Committeeon Military Affan s
be directed to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing so much of the law relative to brevet rank as
authorizes the President to confer that rank on
officers who shall have served ten yeais in any one
grade.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr PRENTISS, was consideied and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Bethel,
through Stockbndge, Pittefield, and Windsor, to
Rutland, in Vermont
The resolution of Mr. ROBBINS, directing the
Library Committee to procure a bust of the late
Chief Justice Ellsworth, to be executed by an
American artist, was considered and agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Mountjoy Bailey was
read a second time, and ordered to be engiossed
I for a third leading
|     A joint íesoluüon was received from the House
1 of Representatives for an adjournment of Congress
till Monday next.
Mr. KANE moved to concur in the resolution.
Mr CLAY opposed it on account of the unusual
pressure of business.
The motion was lost on a division—18 to 17
Mr FREL1NGHDYSEN then moved that
when the Senate adjourns, it will adjourn to meet
again on Thursday next, which was agreed to.
Mr LINN submitted the following resolution-
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making a grant of land to the widow and heirs of
the late Telix St. Vraif!, who was killed by the
Indians in the late disturbance in the northwest
On motion of Mr. SHEPLEY, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, in which they were engaged till the hour of
adjournment.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 24, 1833
The House suspended the rule for the purpose
of taking up the joint resolution submitted yester-
day by Mr. EVERETT, that when the House
' adjourned, it should adjourn over to Monday next
