1833.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     53
After some opposition from Mr. CLAY, who
moved to postpone the third reading until Satur-
day, the motion was i ejected, and the resolution
was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading; was engrossed, finally passed, and
sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Subsequently a message was received from the
Senate, informing the House that the Senate had
not concurred in the resolution for a temporary
adjournment.
Mr. EVERETT moved that when the House
adjourned this day, it should adjourn until Friday
next, which motion did not, he said, require the
concurrence of the Senate. Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HATHAWAY,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of paying
Daniel Brown the amount certified to be due to
him by a jury in a suit instituted against him by
the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following reso-
lution; which, by the rule of the House, lies one
day on the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the report of Major
Bache, of the corps of Topographical Engineers,
of his survey and estimate of the Williamsport
and Elmira railroad, in the States of Pennsylva-
nia and New York.
On motion of Mr. GALBRAITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the harbor atWig-
ton's Point, near the mouth of the Twenty-mile
creek, Erie county, Pennsylvania, and that the
Secretary of War .be directed to furnish to this
House a copy of the report of a survey made by
the United States engineer at said point.
Mr. PINCKNEY submitted the following reso-
lutions; which lie one day on the table:
Resolved, Thatthe Presidentof theUnitedStates
be requested to communicate to this House, if not
incompatible, in his opinion, with the public in-
terest, a copy of the instructionsgiven to our Min-
ister at Madrid, relative to the trade between the
United States and the islands of Cuba and Puerto
Rico, and such informafian as may be in his pos-
session touching the prospect of an abolition by
the Spanish Government of the. discriminating
duties referred to in his message.
Resolved, That the  President be requested to
cause to be laid before this House a statement of
the discriminating duties levied upon American
vessels in the islands of Cuba and Puerto E.ico,
and also of the duties now imposed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon articles im 
ported from those islands.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Dur-
hamsville, in Tipton county, Tennessee, to Ash-
port, in said county of Tipton.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on thePost Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route as fol-
lows, viz: continuing the present route from Rich-
mond, via Newcastle, Pendleton,.and Strawtown,
from the latter place to Kirk's Cross Roads, in the
State of Indiana.
On motion of Mr. CASEY,
Rewlved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Al-
bion, by Fairfield, Malding's Mills, and Mount
Vernon, to Nashville, in.the State of Illinois.
Mr. DUNCAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which, according to a rule, lies one day on
the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House whether
any attempts have been made to evade the revenue
laws of the United States by the introduction of
lead in 5G pound weights, in statues, or any other
form, and whether any further legislation be ne-
cessary to protect the revenue and the manufac-
turer of lead.
On motion of Mr. MARDIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Selma, via Valley Creek Settlement, Weaver's
Store, to Marion, Perry county, Alabama.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the salary of the sub-agent to the Choctaw
Indians west of the Mississippftriver.
On motion of Mr. McCARTY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing thefollowing post routes
in Indiana, to wit: Prom Connersvi!le,in Fayette
county, to Louisville,in Henry county; from New
Castle to Munceytown; from Brownsville, by Phil-
omitn, to Centreville; from Richmond, by Win-
chester and Mississiniwa, to Fort Wayne; and
from Oxford, in  Ohio, by Fairfield  and  West
Union, to Rushville, in Indiana.
Mr. H. EVERETT submitted the following
resolution; to lie one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the names,and places
where employed, of the superintendent of Indian
affairs, Indian agents, and sub-agents, interpreters,
and clerks, and all other'persons now in the em-
ploy of the United States in the Indian department;
the salary and emoluments of each; by whom ap-
pointed; the dates of their appointments, with a
reference to the treaty, lav/, or authority under
which  they were appointed;   and his  opinion
whether a part of said agencies may not be dis-
continued without prejudice to the public service.
On motion of Mr. GILLET,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting to Amo3 W. Brown, of St. Lawrence
county, in the State of New York, a warrant for
bounty land, to which he was entitled as a Cana-
dian volunteer during the late war, and that the
petition presented by him at the last session of
Congress, together with the report of the Commit-
tee of Claims, be referred to said Committee.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
Resolved, That aselect committee be appointed,
to be called the Committee on Patents granted for
Useful Inventions.
On motion of Mr. HARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for constructing a breakwater in
the Niagara river, near Youngstown, in the State
of New York.
Mr. PAGE submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That theSecretary of War be requested
to tiansmit to this House thereportand drawings
of the survey of the New York and Erie railroad,
made under the direction of De Witt Clinton, Esq.,
United States civil engineer, in 1832.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON reported bills for the
relief of Wyatt Singleton, and James Andrews,
and others.
Mr. NICHOLSON reported a bill for the relief
of John MeClenahan.
Mr. CASEY, for the relief of Richard Max.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, for the relief of John
Polhemus.
Mr. EVANS, for the relief of James B. Folsom
and others.
All which bills were read twice, and committed.
Mr. CARR, of Indiana, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Baptiste Jean Sonne; which bill was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and made the order of the day for
to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill granting lands in the
Western Reserve to the State of Ohio for the sup-
port of certain schools; which was read twice,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication and some accounts from the Secretary
of the Treasury.   Also, a communication from the
i War Department, with a survey of the White and
1 St. Francis rivers, Arkansas, as ordered by the
House; which were appropriately referred, and
ordered to be printed.
The resolutions for inquiry heretofore offered
were severally considered and adopted.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. Sel-
den, relative to the sinking fund, was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. POLK suggested a modification of the res-
olution, so as to give it the form of an inquiry.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that the exisiing
laws on the subject of the sinking fund made all
the provisions required by his colleague, except
one. Mr. C. stated what were the existing laws,
on that subject.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, the reso-
lution was laid on the table on account of the ab-
sence of the mover.
The following engrossed billa were severally
readji third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small.
A bill granting pensions  to certain persons
therein named.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Thompson.
A bill for the relief of Sarah Thompson.
A bill for the relief of George Chinn.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Sherfey.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of widow Robert
Avart.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Richardson.
A bill for the relief of William S. Anderson.
A bill for the relief of George H. Jennings.
A bill for the relief of James H. Brewer.
A biltfor the relief of the legal representatives
of James Morrison, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John Thomson.
A bill for the relief of Richard Bagnall, executor
of J. B. Vaughn.
A bill for the relief of Whitford Gill.
A bill for the relief of Peregrine Gardner.
A bill for the relief of Edward Willett.
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Lincoln, admin-
istrator of Samuel Lincoln, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John H. Maguire.
A bill for the relief of Russell Hunt, David
Hunt, and Amos Hunt.
A bill for the relief of Philip Hickey.
A bill for the relief of John Bills.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Hazleton and Wil-
liam Palmer.
A bill for the relief of Francis Barnes.
A bill for the relief of Joseph M  Harper.
A  bill for the relief of Martha Bailey  and
others.
On motion of Mr. WARD, the House then ad-
journed.
The select committee on themilitia, consists of
Messrs. Hubbard, Lyon, Beale, Griffin,Plum-
mer, McCarty, Bull, Graham, and Anthony.
[The following preamble and resolution was
submitted in the House of Representatives on
Monday last, by Mr. H ANNEGAN, of Indiana,
but on the suggestion of Mr. MERCER, the pre-
amble was withdrawn, (it being unusual upon sub-
jects of inquiry.) The resolution was adopted. It
is now republished, together with the preamble,
in order to a more full understanding of the objects
of the mover.]
Whereas by an act of Congress, approved May
26,1824, the State of Indiana was " authorized to
survey and mark through the public lands of the
United States, the route of a canal by which to
connect the navigation of the waters of the river
Wabash with those of Lake Erie;" and under
certain provisions in said act stipulated, 90 feet of
land on each side of said canal weie reserved from
sale and the use thereof vested in the State afore-
said for a canal, and for no other purpose what-
ever; and whereas by a subsequent act cf Con-
gress, approved theSJ of March, 1827, there was
granted to the said State of Indiana, for the pur-
pose of aiding her " in opening a canal to unite at
navigable points the waters of the Wabash river
with those of Lake Erie," a quantity of land equal
to one half of five sections in width on each side
of said canal, and at the same time reserving each
alternate section to the United States, to be selected
by the Commissioner of the Land Office, under
the direction of the President, from one end thereof
to the other, with a proviso that said canal, when
