56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 26,
And as to the general clauses in which reference is
made to eithei, they are to be controlled and inter-
preted by those where these several powers are
specially delegated, otherwise the Executive will
become a great vortex that must end in swallow-
ing all the rest Nor will the judicial power be
any longer restrained by the restraining clauses in
the Constitution which relate to its exercise.
What, then, it will be asked, does this clause, that
the President shall see that the laws are faithfully
executed,mean' Sir, it means notning more nor
less than this, that, if resistance is made to the
laws he shall take care that resistance shall cease.
Congress, by the 1st article of the 8th section of
the Constitution, is required to provide for calling
out the militia to execute the laws in case of a íe-
sistance Sir, it might as well be contended, under
that clause, that Congress have the power of de-
termining what are, and what aie not, the laws of
the land. Congress has the power of calling out
the militia; well, sir, what is the President, by the
Constitution' He it commander of the Army and
Navy of the United States, and of the mihua when
tailed out into actual service. When, then, we
aie here told that he 13 clothed with the whole
physical power of the nation, and when we are
afterwards told that he must take caie that the
laws are faithfully executed, is it possible that
any man can be so lost to the love of libeity as
not to admit that this goes no further than to re-
move any resistance which may be made to the
execution of the laws' We have established a
system in which powei has been carefully divided
among different departments of the Government
And we have been told a thousand times that this
division is indiepensible as a safeguard to civil
liberty. We have designated the departments,
and have established in each, officeis to exercise
the power belonging to each. The Pi esident, it is
true, presides over the whole; his eye surveys the
whole extent of the system in all its movements.
But has he the power to enter into the couns, for
example, and tell them what is to be done' Or may
lie come here and tell us the same > Or when we
have made a law can he withhold the power ne-
cessary to its practical effect' He moves, it is
true, in a high, a glorious sphere. It is his to
watch over the whole with a paternal eye; and
when any one wheel of the vast machine is for a
time interrupted by the occurrence of invasion or
rebellion, it is his care to propel its movements,
and to furnish it with the requisite means of per-
foiming its appropiiate duty 111 its own place.
That this is the true interpretation 01 the con-
stitutional clause to which I have alluded is m-
feired fiom the total silence of all contemporane-
ous expositions of that instrument on the subject.
1 have myself, (and when ¡twas not in my power
personally, have caused others to aid me,) made
researches into the numbers of the Pedeiahst, the
debates in the Virginia Convention, and in the
Conventions 111 other States, as well as all other
sources of information to which I could obtain ac-
cess, and 1 have not, in a solitary instance, found
the slightest color for the claims set up in these
most extraordinary times for the President, that
he has authority to afford or withhold at pleasure
the means of enforcing the laws, and to superin-
tend and control an officer charged with a specific
duty made by the law exclusively his. But, sn,
I have found some authorities which strongly mil-
itate against any such claim. If the doctrine be
indeed true, then it is most evident that there is
no longer any control over our affairs than that
exerted by the President. If it be true that when
a duty is by law specifically assigned to a particu- 1
lar officer, the President may go into h is office and |
control him in the manner of performing it, then
is it most manifest that all bamersforthe safety of
the Treasury are gone. Sir, it is that union of the
purse and the sword, in the hand of one man, which 1
constitutes the best definition of tyranny which
our language can give.
The charter of the Bank of the united States
requires that the public deposites be made in its
vaults. It also gives the Secretary of the Treas-
ury power to remove them. And why ' The Sec-
retary is at the head of the finances of the Gov-
ernment. Weekly reports are made by the bank
to him. He is to report to Congress annually,
and to either House whenever he shall be called
upon.   He is the sentinel of Congi ess—the agent
of Congress—the representative of Congress He
has been created by Congress Congress has pi e-
scnbed and has defined his duties He is lequned
to report to them, not to the President. He is
put there bv us as our representative, he is re-
quired to remove the deposites when they shall be
in danger, and we not in session; but when he
does this, he is required to report to Congress the
fact, with his reasons for it. Now, sir, if, when
an officer of Government is thus specifically as-
signed his duty, if he is to report his official acts
on his responsibility to Congress, if, in a case
where no power whatever is given to the President,
the President may go and say to that officer, " Go
and do as I bid you, or you shall be removed from
office," let me ask you whether the danger ap-
prehended by that eloquent man has not already
been realized'
But, sir, let me'suppose that I am mistaken in
my construction of the Constitution; and let me
suppose that the President ¡íes, as is contended,
power to see every particular law carried into
effect, what, then, was it his* duty to do in the
present case, under the clause thus interpreted '
fnelaw authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
to remove the deposites on his responsibility to
Congress. Now, if the President has power to
see this, like other laws, faithfully executed, then
surely the law exacted of him that he should see
that the Secretary was allowed to exercise his
fiee, unbiased, uncontrolled judgment in removing
or not removing them. That was the execution
of the law Congress had not said that the Secre-
taiy of War, or the Secretary of State, might re-
move lh3 public deposites from the Treasury
The Pi esident had no right to go to the Secretary
of War and ask him what the Secretary of the
Treasury ought to do. He might as well have
consulted the Secretary of the Tieasuiy about a
contemplated movement of the Army as to ask
the Secretary of War about the disposition of the
public moneys. It was not to the President and
all his Secretaries combined that the power was
given to alter the disposition of the deposites in
the bank. It was to the Secretaiy alone, exclusive
of the President and all the other officers of Gov-
ernment. And according to gentlemen's own
showing, by their construction of the clause, the
Secretaiy ought to have been left to his own un-
biased determination, uncontrolled by the Presi-
dent or anybody else
[I would thank the Secretary of the Senate to
get me the sedition law. It is not very certain
how soon we may be called to act upon it ]
Now, sir, said Mr C , let us trace some of the
othei souices of the exercise of this power, or
motives for it, or by whatever other name they aie
to be called, lie says to Ml t>uane, " the Pres-
' ¡dent íepsats that he begs the Cabinet to consider
' the proposed measure as his own, in thesuppoit
' of which he shall require no one of them to make
1 a sacnfice of opinion or principle. Its responsi-
' bility has been assumed after the most mature
' deliberation and reflection, as necessary to pre-
' serve the morals of the people, the freedom of the
'press, and the purity of the elective franchise."
The moiats of the people ' What part of the Con-
stitution has gi /en to the President any power over
"the morals of the people5" None. It does not
give such power even over religion, the presiding
and genial influence over every true system of
morals.    No, su, it gives him no such power
And what is the next step ' To-day he claims
a power as necessary to the moials of the people;
to-morrow he will claim another, as still moie in-
dispensable to our íehgion. And the Pi esident
might m this case as well have said that he went
into the office of the Secietary of the Treasury
and controlled his fiee exeicise of his authority as
Secretary, because it was necessary to preserve
" the religion of the pedple'" I ask for the au
thonty Will any one of those gentlemen here,
who consider themselves the vindicators of the
Ezecutive, point me to any clause of the Consti-
tution which gives to the piesent Pi esident of the
United States any power to preserve " the morals
of the people'"
But the "freedom of the press," it seems, was
another motive. Sir, I am not surprised that the
present Secretary of the Treasury should feel a
desire to revive this power over the press. He, 1
think, was a member of that party which passed
the sedition law under precisely the same pietext,
I recollect it was said,that this bank, this monster
of tyranny, was taking into i's pay a countless
numbei of papéis, and by this means was destroy-
ing the fair fame of the Pres'dent and his Secre-
tary, and all that soit of thing Sir, it is some-
times useful to refer back to these old things—
to the notions and the motives which induced
men in foimer times to do certain acts which may
not be altogether unlike some others in our own
time.
The famous sedition act was passed, sir, m
1798, and it contained, among others, the follow-
ing provision:
Sec. 2 " That if any person shall write, print,
utter, or publish, or shall cause or procure to be
written, printed, uttered, or published, or shall,
I knowingly and willingly, assist or aid in writing,
printing, uttering, or publishing any false, scan-
dalous, and malicious writing or writings against
the Government of the United States, or either
House of the Congress of the United States, or*
the President of the United States, with intent to
defame the said Government, or either House of
the said Congress, or the said President, or to
bring them, or either of them into contempt or
disrepute; or to excite against them, or either ot
any of them, the hatred of the good people of the
United States, or to stir up sedition within the Uni-
ted States; or to excite any unlawful combinations
therein, for opposing or resisting any law of the
United States, or any act of the President of the
United States, done in pursuance of any such law,
or of the powers in him vested by the Constitution
of the United States; or to resist, oppose, or de-
feat any such law or act; or to aid, encourage, or
abet, any hostile designs of any foreign nation
against the United States, their people, or Govei n-
ment, then such person being thereof convicted
before any court of the United States having juris-
diction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding two thousand dollars, and by imprison-
ment not exceeding two years."
We have now, sir, in the reasons for the re-
moval of the Government deposites, the same mo-
tives avowed and acted upon. The abuse of the
Government, bringing it into disrepute, using con-
temptuous language to persons high in authority,
constituted the motives for passing the sedition
law; and what have we now but a repetition of the
same complaints of abuses, disrespect, &c. As
it is now, so it was then: for, says the next sec-
tion of the same sedition act, "That if any person
shall be prosecuted undei this act for the writing
or publishing any libel aforesaid, it shall be law-
ful for the defendant upon the tiial of the cause,
to give in evidence, in his defense, the truth of
the matter contained in the publication charged as
a libel. And the jury who shall try the cause
shall have a right to determine the law and the
fact, under the direction of the court, as in other
cases "
It is only for the sake of the ft utk said they who
favored the passage of the law—for the sake of
justice, as it is now said, that it was necessary to
1 emove the deposites m order to pi eserve the purity
of the press. That's all, sir. But there is one
part of this assumption of power by the President
much more tyrannical than that act. Under that
law the offending party was to have a trial by jury,
the benefit of witnesses, and of counsel, and the
right to have the truth of his alleged libels exam-
ined But what is the case now under consider-
ation ' Why, sir, the President takes the whole
matter into his own hards, he is at once the judge,
the jury, and the executioner of the sentence, and
utterly deprives the accused party of the oppor-
tunity of showing that the imputed libel is no libel
at all, but founded in the clearest truth.
But " the purity of the elective franchise,"also,
the President has very much at heart. And heie
again I ask, what part of the Constitution gives
him any power over that " franchise'" Look,
sir, at the nature of the exercise of this power. If
it was really necessary that steps should be taken
to preserve the purity of the press or the freedom
of elections, what ought the President to have
done' Taken the matter into his own hands'
No, sir; it was his duty to recommend to Congress
the passage of laws for the purpose, under suitable
sanctions—laws which the courts of the United
States could execute.    We could not have been
