60                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________Deejay
pate the interference of the legislative power for
the purpose of framing new systems, it is proper
for him seasonably to conaiderthe means by which
the services rendered by the Bank of the United
States are to be performed after its charter shall
expire.
The existing laws declare, that "'the deposites
of the money of the united States, in places in
which the said bank and branches thereof may be,
established, shall be made in said bank or branches
thereof, unless the Secretary of the Treasury shall
at any time otherwise order and direct, in which
case the Secretary of the Treasury shall imme-
diately lay before Congress, if in session, and if
not, immediately after the commencement of the
next session, the reasons of such order or direc-
tion."
The power of the Secretary of the Treasury
over the deposites is unqualified. The provision
that he shall report his reasons to Congress is no
limitation. Had it not been inserted, he would
have been responsible to Congress had he made a
removal for any other than good reasons, and his-
responsibility now ceases upon the rendition of
sufficient ones to Congress. The only object of
the provision is to make his reasons accessible to
Congress, and enable that body the more readily
to judge of their soundness and purity, and there-
upon to make such further provision by law as the
legislative power may think proper in relation to
the deposite of the public money. Those reasons
may be very diversified. It was asserted by the
Secretary of the Treasury, without contradiction,
as early as 1817, that he had power " to control
the proceedings" of the Bank of the United States
at any moment, " by changing the deposites to the
State banks," should it pursue an illiberal eourse
towards those institutions; that "the Secretary of
the Treasury will always be disposed to support
the credit of the State banks, and will invariably
direct transfers from the deposites of the public
money in aid of their legitimate exertions to main-
tain their credit;" and he asserted a right to employ
theState banks when the Bank of the United States
should refuse to receive on deposite the notes of
such State banks as the public interest required
should be received in payment of the public dues.
In several instances he did transfer the public
deposites to State banks, in-the immediate vicinity
of branches, for reasons connected only with the
safety of those banks, the public convenience, and
the interests of the Treasury.
Jf it was lawful for Mr. Crawford, the Secretary
of the Treasury at that time, to act on this; prin-
ciples, it wili be difficult to discover any sound
reason against the application of similar principles
in stiil stronger cases. And it is a matter of sur-
prise that a power which, in the infancy of the
Lank, was freely asserted as one of the ordinary
and familiar duties of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, should now be gravely questioned, and at-
tempts made to excite and alarm the public mind,
as if some new and unheard-of power was about
to be usurped by the Executive branch of the
Government.
it is but a'iittle more than two and a half years
to the termination of the charter of the present
bank. It is considered as the decision of the
country that it shall then cease to exist, and no
man, the President believes, has reasonable ground
for expectation that any other Bank of the United
States will be created by Congress. To the Treas-
ury Department is intrusted "the safe-keeping and
faithful applications of the public moneys. A plan
of collection different from the present must there-
fore be introduced and put in complete operation,
before the dissolution of the present bank. When
shall it be commenced? Shall no step be taken in
this essential concern until the charter expires,
and the Treasury finds itself without an agent, its
„ accounts in confusion, with no depository for its
funds, and the whole business of the Government
deranged? or shall it be delayed until six months,
ora year, or two years before the expiration of the
charter? his obvious that any new system which
may be substituted in the place of the Bank of the
United States could not be suddenly carried into
effect on the termination of its existence without
serious inconvenience to the Government and the
* people. Its vast amount of notes are then to be
redeemed and withdrawn from circulation, and its
immense debt collected   These operations must be
gradual, otherwise much sufferingand distress will
be brought upon the community. It ought to be
not a work of months only, but of years, and the
President thinks it cannot, with due attention to
the interests of the people, be longer postponed.
It is safer to begin it too soon than to delay it too
long.
It is for the wisdom of Congress to decide upon
the best substitute to be adopted in the place of
the Bank of the United States, and the President
would have felt himself relieved from a heavy and
painful responsibility if, in the charter to the bank,
Congress had reserved to itself the power of direct-
ing, at its pleasure, the public money to be else-
where deposited, and had not devolved that power
exclusively on one of the executive departments.
It is useless now to inquire why this high and
important power was surrendered by those who
are peculiarly and appropriately the guardians
of the public money. Perhaps it was an oversight.
But as the President presumes that the charter to
the bank is to be considered as a contract on the
part of the Government, it is notnow in the power
of Congress to disregard its stipulations; and by
the terms of that contract the public money is to
be deposited in the bank during the continuance
of its charter, unless the Secretary of the Treasury
shall otherwise direct. Unless, therefore, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury first acts, Congress have
no power over the subject, for they cannot add a
new clause to tlie charter, or strike one out of it,
without the consent of the bank, and consequently
the public money must remain in that institution to
the last hour of its existence, unless the Secretary
of the Treasury shall remove it at an earlier day.
The responsibility is thus thrown upon the Exec-
utive branch of the Government of deciding how
long before theexpiration of the charter the public
interest will require the deposites to be placed else-
where. And although, according to the frame and
principle of our Government, this decision would
seem more properly to belong to the legislative
power, yet as the law has imposed it upon the
Executive Department, the duty ought to be faith-
fully and firmly met, and the decision made and
executed upon the best lights that can be obtained,
and the best judgment that can be formed. It
would ill become the executive branch of the
Government to shrink from any duty which the
law imposes on it, to fix upon others the respon-
sibility which justly belongs to itself. And while
the President anxiously wishes to abstain from
the exercise of doubtful powers, and to avoid all
interference with the rights and duties of others,
he must yet, with unshaken constancy, discharge
his own obligations, and cannot allow himself to
turn aside in order to avoid any responsibility
which the high trust with which he has been
honored requires him to encounter; and it being
the duty of one of the executive departments to
decide in the first instance, subject to the future
action of the legislative power, whether the public
deposites shall remain in the Bank of the United
States until the end of its existence, or be with-
drawn some time before, the President has felt
himself bound to examine the question carefully
and deliberately, in order to make up his judgment
on the subject: and in his opinion the near approach
of the termination of the charter, and the public
considerations heretofore mentioned, are of them-
selves amply sufficient to justify the removal of
the deposites without reference to the conduct of
the bank, or their safety in its keeping.
But in the conduct of the bank may be found
other reasons very imperative in their character,
and which require prompt action.   Developments
I have been matlefrom time to time of its faithless-
I ness as a public agent, its misapplication of public
| funds; its interference in elections; its efforts, by
I the machinery of committees, to deprive the Gov-
j ernment directors of a full knowledge of its con-
cerns; and above all, its flagrant misconduct, as
recently and unexpectedly disclosed, in placing all
the funds of the bank, including the money of the
Government, at the disposition of the presidentof
the bank, as means of operating upon public opin-
ion and procuring a new charter, without requiring
him to render a voucher for their disbursement.
A brief recapitulation of the facts which justify
these charges, and which have come to the knowl-
edge of the  public and  the President, will, he
1 thinks, remove every reasonable doubt as ttrthe
course which it is now the duty of the President
to pursue.
We have seen that in sixteen months, ending in
May, 1833, the bank had extended its loans more
than £28,000,000, although it knew the Govern-
ment intended to appropriate most of its large
deposite'duringthat year in payment of the public
debt. It was in May, 1832, that its loans arrived
at the maximum; and m the preceding March so
sensible was the bank that it would not be able to
pay over the public deposite when it would be
required by the Government, that it commenced a
secret negotiation, without the approbation or
knowledge of the Government, with the agents,
for about $2,700,000 of the three per cent, stocks
held in Holland, with a view of inducing them not
to come forward for payment for one or more
years after notice should be given by the Treas-
ury Department. This arrangement would have
enabled the bank to keep and use during that time
the public money set apart for the payment of
these stocks.
After this negotiation had commenced, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury informed the bank that it
was his intention to pay off one half of the three
per cents, on the first of the succeeding July,
which amounted to about $G,500,000. The pres-
ident of the bank, although the committee of
investigáronlas then looking into its affairs at
Philadelphia, came immediately to Washington,
and upon representing; that the bank was desirous
of accommodating the importing merchants at
New York, (which it failed to do,) and, under-
taking to pay the interest itself, procured the con-
sent of the Secretary, after consultation with the
President, to postpone the payment until the suc-
ceeding 1st of October.
Conscious that at the end of that quarter the
bank would not be able to pay over the deposites,
and that further indulgence was not to be expected
of the Government, an agent was despatched'to
England secretly to negotiate with the holders of
the public debt in Europe, and induce them by the
offer of an equal or higher interest than that paid
by the Government to hold back their claims for
one year, during which the bank expected thus
to retain the use of $5,000,000 of the public money
which the Government should set apart for the
payment of that debt. The agent made an ar-
rangement on terms, in part, which were in direct
violation of the charter of the bank, and when
some incidents connected with this secret negoti-
ation accidentally came to the knowledge of the
public and the Government, then, and not before,
so much of it as was palpably in violation of the
charter was disavowed! A modification of the
rest was attempted with the view of getting the
certificates without payment of the money, and
thus absolving the Government .from its liability
to the holders. In this scheme the bank was par-
tially successful,but to this day the certificates of
a portion of these stocks have not been paid, and
the bank retains the use of the money.
This effort to thwart the Government in the pay-
ment of the public debt, that it might retain the
public money to be used for their private interests,
palliated by pretences notoriously unfounded and
insincere, would have justified the instant with-
drawal of the public deposites. The negotiation
itself rendered doubtful the ability of the bank to
meet the demands of the Treasury, and the mis-
representations by which it was attempted to be
justified, proved that no reliance could be placed
upon its allegations.
If the question of a removal of the deposites pre-
sented itself to the Executive in the same attitude
that it appeared before the House of Represent-
atives at their last session, their resolution in rela-
tion to the safety of the deposites would be entitled
to more weight, although the decision of the ques-
tion of removal has been confided by law to
another Department of the Government. But the
question now occurs, attended by other circum-
stances and new disclosures of the most serious
import. It is true that in the message of the Pres-
ident, which produced this inquiry and resolution
on the part of the House of Representatives, it
was his object to obtain the aid of that body in
making a thorough examination into the conduct
and condition of the bank and its branches, in
order to enable the Executive Department to decide
whether the public money was longer safe in its
