THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec. 30,
States is the real cause of this distress, so the
restoration of them to that institution is the real,
and wul be the effectual, remedy for them.% With
a view to lemove from that measure all reasonable
apprehension, the undersigned venture to request
that the deposites of the public revenue now in
the State banks should remain with those institu-
tions until withdrawn in the course of the public
service, or as the wisdom of Congress may please
to direct', but that hereafter the accruing revenue
of the United States should be collected and de-
posited in the Bank of the United States. And
vour memonalsts will ever pray.
1                              H. NIXON,
Pi esident of the Bank of Noith America.
JAIVIES DUNDAS,
President of the Commercial Bank ofPenn.
S LAMB,
President of the Mechanics' Bank.
ELIJAH DALLET,
President of the Bank oj Penn Township.
THOMAS H. GRAIGE,
President of Manufacturing and Mechanics' Bank.
J. HOLMES,
President of Moyamensing Bank.
W. MEREDITH,
Pt esident of Schuylkill Bank.
S. HARVEY,
Pi esident of Bank of Germantovm.
J. TAGERT,
President, by order of the Dn edm s of the
Fai meis ami Mechanics' Bank.
Mr. B remarked, thatas the mam question was
under discussion, and no person could yet say
■what disposition would be made of it, and as he
had no wish to embarrass the other proceedings of
the House by any premature discussion,he would,
for the present, move to have the resolution laid
on the table and printed.
Mr. POLK leminded the member from Penn-
sylvania that the memorials on the same subject,
from the president and directors of the bank, and
from the Government dnectors, had already been
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means;
he would suggest that this should take the same
course. Deprecating discussion on the subject
now, he moved that the memorial should have the
same reference.
The question on laying the memorial on the
table was put, and negatived—ayes 79, noes not
counted.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BOULDIN íeported a bill for the relief of
John Syme.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, for the relief of Chris-
tian Ish, and
Mr. WARD WELL, for the relief of Robert
Reynolds, all which bills were severally read twice
and committed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of theTreasuiy,
with a report of evidence taken in the case of
Charles Gibbs; which, on motion of
Mr. WHITTLESEY, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The SPEAKER also presented a report from
the person appointed to superintend the works on
Pennsylvania avenue; which was referred to the i
Committee on the District of Columbia.
REMOVAL OF  THE DEPOSITES.
The House pioceeded to consider the motion ¡
of Mr. POLK, to recommit to the Committee of |
Ways and Means the íeport of the Secretaiy of
the Treasury on the removal of the deposites, to-
gether with the following instructions to the com-
mittee, moved by Mr. McDUFFIE-
" To report; a joint resolution providing that the
'public revenue hereafter collected be deposited '
' in the Bank of the United States, in conformity
'with the public faith pledged in the charter of the
'said hank."
Mr POLK rose and said, in entering upon the
discussion of this great question he would beg
leave to remind the House of the true state of the
question, and of the manner in which this discus-
sion was forced so prematurely upon us. The
Secretary of the Treasury removed the public I
deposites from the Bank oí the United States. '
The bank sent to us a memorial complaining that
the removal was a violation of its charteied rights,
and praying the restoration of the deposites. The
House, on full consideration, referred the memo-
rial to the Committee of Ways and Means for
further investigation. The Government directors
of the bank also sent us a memorial, respecting
the management of the institution, making grave
and heavy charges against it—charges which, if
true, not only forfeit public confidence in the
bank, but also its charter. After full considera-
tion, this memorial was, by a large majority,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
for investigation The letter of trie Secretary of
the Treasury, giving us his reasons for the removal
of the deposites, was, in the first place, through a
misunderstanding, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. But the
House reconsidered this reference, and withdrew
the paper from the Committee of the Whole, in
order to refer it to the standing committee. The
House had thus solemnly pronounced that it
would not go into a discussion of the subject until
a full investigation had been made by the standing
committee; and at this stage of the proceeding, the
gentleman fiom South Carolina offered his instruc-
tions to the standing committee, prejudging the
question which was by that committee to be inves-
tigated.
This course Mr. P. viewed as a departure, by
the bank, from the light of truth. It shunned the
investigation which was preferred and invited, and
the discussion was pi eased now without any inves-
tigation. Why was this course pursued> Pie
was unwilling to attribute motives to others, but
he would suggest that it might be deemed impoit-
ant to bring on an early discussion in order to
flood the country with inflammatory speeches, and.
with statements of facts made up for the occasion.
May it not, too, be deemed advisable, by a dis-
cussion here, to fan the ikme of the excitement,
and to increase the panic of which we have heard
so much. All understood the operation of this
thing; on the same principle, the bank hoped, by
turning its screws,to induce the people todo what
they would not do except in the moment of ex-
citement. Sir, ale we children,not to understand
what is going on out of this House' This day
was presented to us a memorial praying the res-
toration of the deposites from the same banks in
Philadelphia which asked a renewal of the bank
charter. What other object, he asked, can be at-
tained by the course pursued—a speedy decision '
This was the worst possible mode of reaching an
early decision. If the standing committee pre-
sented something definite and tangible for us to act
upon, it would greatly facilitate and expedite the
action of thellouse. Onemoiepielimmaryremark
he would nuke. The previous question had been
called foi, and gentlemen exclaimed, " Do you
wish to gag us'" But the veiy same gentlemen
had, when the bill for rechartering the bank was
before us, applied the previous question in Older
to cut off the debate. Tnat, toa, was a final ques-
tion, and we were not allowed to offer any reasons
against the passage of the bill. When the bank
had the majority here, no member was permitted
to answer the argument of an honoiahle member
in favor of the bill rechartering the bank. So,
too, when the question of the safety of the public
deposites in the United States Bank was before
us, the previous question was moved, earned, and
all argument cut off Although this was the course
of the friends of the bank, we are charged with
endeavoring to avoid a discussion. But we do not
seek to avoid it—we are desuous of a full and
searching examination, and of an early decision.
But we aie called upon to do now what we ou°-ht
to do after an examination—to pionounce ajudg-
ment in the case. Without examination the gen-
tleman from South Cuohna now comes forward
and accuses the Secretary of theTieasury of false-
hood in his statements relative to the concerns of
the bank.
Forced, then, into the discussion thus prema-
turely, he was obliged to occupy some time in
noticing the arguments of the gentleman from
South Caiolma. If delay should be the conse-
quence, and the universal rum which he predicts as
the sure effect ot delay should befall us, he and
his friends are alone answerable for it. It, said
Mr. P.,I was sure that the House would now vote
upon the question, I would resume my seat with-
out a reply to the member from South Carolina.
What was the end proposed by that gentleman's
motion he did not pretend to say. But its proto-
type, the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Chilton,] answered asahook to hang
a speech upon, and was then withdrawn. Whether
this will take the same direction, I, of course, have
no means of knowing.
The gentleman from South Carolina assumes
that the President, in reference to the removal of
the Secretary of the Treasury, has acted as a
usurper and a tyrant, he did not, however, fur-
nish us the facts on which he grounds the accu-
sation, but argued upon them as granted. In
unmeasured terms he accused the President of
tyranny, usurpation, and injustice, and seemed
to be as much in a rage with him as the Dutch
bully was with the lottery wheel. Like the Dutch-
man, he seemed ready to break everything into
smashes, and with about as much reason, for if, in
some capricious turn of fortune's wheel, the gen-
tleman and his fuends had obtained a prize, he
would have pronounced it " as fair a thing as ever
was." It was easy to call hard names, but the
President had too long and too faithfully served
his country to be within the reach of such assaults.
But the President is a usurper and a tyrant, and
the Secretary of the Treasmy, we are assured, is
not responsible to the Pi esident, and is independ-
ent of him. Now, I affirm, said Mr P., that the
Secretary of the Treasury is not independent of
the President; and, furthermore, that if Congress
should undertake to render him. so by express
law, they would exceed their power, and their act
would be void. Yes, sir, I affirm that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is not independent. The
Secretary is appointed by the Executive authority
of the country. I beg pardon of the House for
entering into an argument to prove what has been
acquiesced in for forty years—that the Secretary
of the Treasury is dependent upon the Pi esident.
Do gentlemen mean to say that the President has
not the power to remove the Secietary of the
Treasury from office' The Constitution, on this
point, says- "The President shall nominate,and,
' by*and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
1 shall appoint, ambassadors or other public mm-
' isteis, &,c, and all other offieeis of the United
' States whose appointments are not herein other-
• wise provided for, and which shall be established
1 by law. But the Congress may, by law, vest
' the appointment of such inferior officers as they
1 think propei in the President alone, in the coui ts
' of law, or in the heads of Depaitment " The
heads of Department were not inferior officers, and
Congress had no right to appoint them; Congiess
had no power to appoint any officer, and further,
they had no right to invest themselves with the
power of appointing any officer. By what tenure
does the Secietary of the Treasury hold his office'
Although there was no express power given in
the Constitution for the removal of that officer,
yet it was evident that he held the office " durante
beneplácito"—during the pleasure of the President.
1 he Judges of the Supreme Court hold then office
by a diffeient tenure—during good behavior, and
fiom that expiess provision he derived an aigu-
ment that the Secretary of the Treasury did not
hold by that tenure, but at the pleasuie of the
President. The tenure of the President and Vice
Piesident was expressly settled by the Constitu-
tion—they hold for a teim of years. But other
officers hold during pleasure, so it was understood
by the framers of the Constitution, and so it has
been understood e.er since The appointing
power is the Executive power, and the appointing
power must necessarily be the removing power.
If the one branch had the power of appointment,
and another of removal, endless confusion would
be pioduced in the Government. The President
" shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted, ' can he do this by authotizmg each officer
to execute the law according to his own under-
standing ' In that case there would be no uni-
formity oi consistency in the action of the Gov-
ernment. One Secreiary would execute the em-
bargo law, but another would say that in his
conscience he beheved the law to be unconstitu-
tional, and, therefore, he was not bound to enforce
it Was it contemplated that each of the uifeuor
officeia should construe the law for himself   D.d
