72                                    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec. 31,
Now, sir, what do you suppose the amount of
specie in its vaults to be? The bank is at the
seat of Government—made the depository of all
the disbursing officers of the Government here—
and what do you suppose, sir, is the amount of
specie in its vaults ? Why, just ten thousand nine
hundred and seventy-four dollars and seventy-six
cents !! ■' Here the Secretary of the Treasury, a
modern Tergot, withdraws the deposites from the
United States Bank, with its capital thirty-five
millions, and its specie of ten millions, and selects a
. bank with a capital of $500,000, and only #10,000
of specie; and this, too, is a bank with which a
contract is made that, when the deposites in it
shall not exceed $250,000, it shall give security.
Sir, we have got a most wonderful man for our
financier; a man, sir, who sits by and sees an
officer anxious ta discharge his duties, refusing to
obey the command of the Chief Magistrate where
his conscience dictated he was wrong; a man in.
trouble and distress, between his attachment to
the President and his duty to his country. He
sees a case, too, (a most rare one, sir,) of a man
preferring retirement to all the honors, emolu-
ments, and patronage of office. He sees him
driven from his office, and coolly slips into it
himself, without remorse or sympathy. Sir, this
Secretary discovers, after he has been but three
days in office, that Mr. Madison, the Supreme
Court.'the people, and all who have pronounced
upon the expediency and constitutionality of the
bank, have been wrong, and thathe alone is right.
He tells us that it is his solemn conviction that
the bank is not in conformity to the Constitution,
and, upon three days' consideration, he dismisses
the bank, scatters the treasure of the country, and
undertakes to regulate the press, the morals of the
people, and the elective franchise. An amount of
labor which no one man ever before performed—
a quantum of labor which no man ever before
attempted. But, sir, let us look at the financial
reasons of the Secretary.
He withdraws the public money from the United
States Bank. He requires no bonus from the
present depositories, and depreciates the stock of
a bank in which the Government holds seven
millions. Sir, I undertake to say, that if it be
settled that these deposites are to remain in these
banks permanently, their stocks will rise from ten
to fifteen per cent., and in the same proportion our
seven millions in the Bank of the United States
will depreciate. These, sir, are the certain results.
To what extent the item of unavailable funds which
is annually reported will be run up, we shall see
when the day of reckoning arrives-. Now, sir,
as I am anxious to dispose of this subject, let me
ask what is it the duty of Congress to do ? I ask
if the proposition in the first resolution is not
established? If the President has not assumed
powers not granted to him by the Constitution and
laws,and dangerous to the liberties of the people ?
And if I have not shown that the reasons of the
Secretary are insufficient and unsatisfactory ? Sir,
the eyes and the hopes of the people are directed
to us. Let us fulfill those hopes—let us meet their
expectations. Sir, the people feel themselves
deceived, betrayed, and their liberties in danger.
They behold the rapid concentration of all the
powers of Government in the hands of one man.
By the positive authority of the Executive he
controls the legislative action, and is engrossing the
entire power of the Government. The question is
now not what laws Congress shall pass, but what
laws the Executive will not veto. What have we
beheld here, sir? A faithful officer, fully compe-
tent to do his duties—a man who had received,
from the very company over whom he presided, a
vote of thanks and a gratuity of #5,000 for his
services—has been discharged from his presidency,
and a man appointed in his stead totally unac-
quainted with the duties of his office, and appointed
to propitiate the Executive authority. Sir, we
behold around us the usual symptoms of approach-
ing despotism—spies and informers are lurking
among us. The incumbents in this place speak
in thecautious whispersof trembling slavesinstead
of the open frankness and independence of manly
freedom. Sir, the premonitory symptoms of des-
potism are upon us—the collapsed state is rapidly
approaching, and if we are not soon relieved we
shall die, ignobly die, the contempt of mankind,
unpitied, unwept, and unmourned.
Mr. BENTON moved an adjournment, which
was lost—ayes 15, noes 22.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; after which it adjourned
until Thursday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 31, 1833.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, rose and said:
I hold in my hand, sir, the memorial of Noah
Fletcher, formerly of Massachusetts, a citizen of
this District, and recently employed as a clerk in
the office of the Clerk of the House of Represent,
atives. He represents that from his youth upward
nearly the whole of his time has been employed
in the public service—not in any post of honor or
emolument, but of humble and laborious occupa-
tion as a clerk; that he has contracted in this
place the relations of a husband and a father, and
is surrounded by those who look to him for pro-
tection and support, and that whatever he has been
able to save from his earnings has become con-
nected with the concerns of this community. The
memorialist, said Mr. D., is highly esteemed among
the citizens of this place for probity and courtesy,
and holds among the members of this body an
honorable and respectable standing. He comes here
demanding redress from this body, representing
that he has been removed from his employment
here without premonition, and, so far as he knows,
without cause. He considers this House as the
sanctuary of liberty, and that here every free
citizen may come and lay hold of the horns of the
altar. Allow me to say, sir, that the eyes of this
nation are always fixed with intense interest on
this rbody as the last refuge and the strong hold
of their constitutional liberties. To us they look
for the dispensation of justice, confidently trusting
that here there will be no wrong, no violence, no
arbitrary use of power. Under all circumstances
they rely upon us for protection, and think it
enough to say to any one who lifts the scourge
over them, I am an American citizen. Sir, it is
one of the great privileges of American citizens to
think and act according to their own judgment.
This high prerogative we all claim, and whenever
it is impugned, 1 hold it the p'eculiar duty of this
House to defend it from the assaults of any power
which may rise up in any quarter. No abuse of
power should be tolerated by us.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, rose to a question of
order. The gentleman was debating a proposition
which was not before the House, whereas, by
the 45th rule, a member, in presenting a petition,
must confine himself to a statement of its con-
tents.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must content himself with a brief state-
ment of the contents of the memorial.
Mr. DAVIS resumed. He was unwilling to
excite any unpleasant feelings on the part of any-
body, particularly of the learned member from
Alabama. It was his intention to confine his re-
marks to the contents of the paper. The memo-
rialist alleges that the course pursued towards
him has been arbitrary and unjust, and it seems
proper to me that the House should entertain the
memorial, and ask who has exercised this power.
He says he was removed by an officer of this body,
an individual who.within a few days, was elevated
to a responsible office in this House.
The SPEAKER here interposed. The gentle-
man must limit his remarks to the contents of the
memorial.
Mr. DAVIS. That, sir, is my design. I am
stating the reasons for which the memorial ought
to be entertained. The memorialist goes on to
represent that he has been removed without cause.
It has not been alleged that he is incompetent to
his duties, or unfaithful in their discharge, or that
he has been uneourteous or disrespectful to the
members of this House. On the other hand, it is
universally admitted that he is a man of respectful
and courteous deportment, and is seldom seen
withm this Hall. Well, sir, he has been removed
by the exercise of an arbitrary power alone, and
it becomes us to inquire whether the spirit of pro-
scription has entered these walls, and whether that
despot has at length come here to crush its victims
or mould them to its purpose. The'memorialist
is a man of sensibility and of honor.   But, sir, 1 I
find myself so much restricted in my remarks by
the rules of proceeding, that I cannot present to
the House the considerations suggested by this
topic. It is a topic of fearful moment. It con-
cerns this House, as the last refuge of liberty, and
therefore it ought not to be embarrassed by any
mere questions of order. He sent the memorial
to the Chair, and requested its reading.
The memorial was then read, as follows:
To the Honorable the House of Representatives of the
United States:
The memorial and representation of Noah
Fletcher, late an assistant clerk in the Clerk's
office of said House, respectfully sheweth—
That in the year 1819, your memorialist was
appointed by Thomas Dougherty, then Clerk of the
House, as an assistant pro tempore, and that after-
wards he was recognized by a resolution of said
House, and directed to be continued in service;
since which time, until Friday last, your memo-
rialist has continued to discharge his duty with
assiduity, and according to the best of his abilities,
to the satisfaction of the late Clerk; and, so far as
known, to the satisfaction of the members of the
House: That on Friday last, your memorialist was
dismissed from the service of the House by the
present Clerk, without any reason assigned, and,
as he alleges, without any good cause, and another
person appointed in his place: That your memo-
rialist considers this proceeding as oppressive,
contrary to the good feelings of the House of
Representatives, and against the true spirit of the
Government under which we live.
Your memorialist, therefore, feels it his duty
to make this communication to the House, and
claims its interposition.
NOAH FLETCHER.
Mr. DAVIS then offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Noah Fletcher was removed
from his office of assistant clerk in this House
without any sufficient cause, and ought to be im-
mediately reinstated.
The SPEAKER said a resolution was not in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. It is in order to make some mo-
tion to dispose of the subject of the memorial.
Mr. CLAY rose to submit a remark. No mo-
tion can be made accompanying a petition except
one immediately relating to its reference. While
up, sir------
The SPEAKER interposed. The motion is, I
consider, in order, as it is connected with the sub-
ject of the memorial presented. But it must lie
on the table one day without unanimous assent
to its consideration.
Mr. PATTON, of Virginia, asked whether it
was now in order for him to move the reference
of the memorial and motion to a select commit-
tee.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion could be
received to-morrow, as an amendment to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BAYLIES presented a memorial praying
for an appropriation to be made for the removal
of obstructions and placing buoys in Great Taun-
ton river, which he moved to have referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MERCER objected to this reference, and
moved that so much only of the memorial as re-
lated to placing buoys, should be referred to that
committee, and that the residue, in relation to the
obstructions in the river, should be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
A desultory discussion arose as to the appro-
priate duties of these respective committees, in
which Messrs. SUTHERLAND, WHITTLE-
SEY of Ohio, REED of Massachusetts, FOOT,
HALL of North Carolina, SELDEN, and EW-
ING, participated.
And the question on the motion to refer to the
Committee on Commerce was put and negatived—
yeas 65, nays 76.
AiJd the motion submitted by Mr. Mercer
prevailed.
Mr. WARD, of New York, presented the
memorial of James D. Woodside, of Washing-
ton city, on the subject of steam navigation and
steam engines. Referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
