1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
erty taken from him for public use during the rev-
olutionary war.
The resolution of Mr. LINN,
That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of making compensa-
tion to Joseph T. Cirnck for a boat taken from
him by the officers of the General Government
during the last war with Great Britain.
The resolution of Mr. TIPTON,
That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of paying Hiram A.
Hunter (now of Indiana) for a horse lost by him
while m the service of the United States, as order-
ly sergeant in Captain Robert P. Crittenden's
company of volunteers, in the Seminole campaign.
The resolution of Mr. TIPTON,
That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of granting indemnity
to Samuel and James Smith, of Indiana, for im-
provements made by them on property of the
United States, under a lease given claimants by the
United States trustees on certain property of the
United States.
The resolution of Mr. SPRAGUE,
That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate, so far as the docu-
ments and returns received will permit, the amount
of trade between the United States and the British
North American Colonies, the British West In-
dies, the Danish West Indies, and the Swedish
West Indies, 3ince the 30th day of September,
1832; distinguishing the amount of American, Brit-
ish, and other foreign tonnage, which has entered
and departed to and from these places respectively,
or the West Indies generally. Also, the amount
of imports and exports of American and foreign
produce, distinguishing between the same.
All of which were adopted.
Upon the consideration of Mr. SPRAGUE'S
resolution, Mr. SPRAGUE said his object was
to ascertain the present state of the trade and navi-
gation between this country and the British Co-
lonial possessions.. It was a subject which had
heretofore attracted much attention,and had now
lost none of its intrinsic interest, it had been the
subject of controversy between the United States
and Great Britain from the origin of our Govern-
ment to the year 1830, when the celebrated " Ar-
rangement," as it was called, was made between
the United States and Great Britain. The whole
matter of the controversy was, whether the Uni-
ted States should have an equal and fair proportion
of the carrying trade from our own ports to the
British Colonies.
Sir, up to the year 1830, from the superior ad-
vantages of the United States, at least nine tenths
of the whole carrying trade was in our hands.
The amount of Biiush tonnage employed in the
trade was only one tenth of the amount of our
tonnage. How is it since the arrangement ? The
very first year the British tonnage came up to
forty-six per cent, of the whole amount.' For
1832 the British tonnage employed in the trade
was more than double that of the United States.
In that year the British tonnage employed in navi-
gation between the ports of the United States and
the British Colonial ports was Kb\2S2 ions, and
the American tonnage was only 60,1)56. Since
the arrangement of 1830, and he believed in con-
sequence of it, our tonnage had dwindled from
nine tenths of the whole to less than half that of
the British. He wished to have the means of
ascei laming what was the present state of the
trade.
On motion of Mr. SHEPLEY, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourned, it
adjourn until Monday.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes and Jer-
emiah Austin, was read a third time and passed.
A bill for the relief of Ellihu Hall Bay bejng
under consideration, on motion of Mr. CLAY", it
was laid upon the table, and the Senate took up
the subject of the
REMOVAL OP PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. CLAY on the 26th
ultimo.
Mr. BENTON resumed his remarks—
Having now got rid of the outworka which im-
peded his progress, Mr. B. said that he would ar-
rive at the main point, and take up the subject
which was more immediately before the Senate.
Por the sake of avoiding questions about order,
he would give notice that he should submit at the
proper time a motion ¡n amendment of the second
resolution under discussion, which amendment
should be strictly appropriate and naturally flow-
ing from the course of the argument he should
foüow. And first, he would take leave to read a
paper replete with facts and sentiments applicable
to the present attitude of the Bank of the United
States and the Government of the United States,
though written thirty years ago, and a reference
to which he should have frequent occasion to
make. It was part of a letter from the great
apostle of American liberty (Mr. Jefferson) to
Albert Gallatin.
Mr. KANE, at the request of Mr. B., read the
paper.
" This institution is one of the most deadly
' hostility existing against the principle and the
'form of our Constitution. The nation is, at this
' time, so strong and jnited in its sentiments that
' it cannot be shaken at this moment; but suppose
' a series of untoward events to occur, sufficient to
' bring into doubt the competency of a Republican
' Government to meet a crisis of great danger, or
' to unhinge the confidence of the people in the public
'functionaries; an institution like this, penetra ing
' by its branches every part of the Union, acting
' by command and in phalanx, may, in a critical
' moment, upset the Government. I deem no Gov-
' ernment safe which is under the vassalage of any
' self-constituted authorities, or any other author-
' ity than that of the nation, or its regular function-
'aries. What an obstruction could nofthisBank
' of the United States, with all its branches, be in
' time of war ? It might dictate to us the peace we
' should accept, or withdraw its aids. Ought we,
1 ¡hen, to give further growth to aninstitution so power-
'ful, so hostile ? That it is so hostile we know,
'first, from a knowledge of the principles of the
'persons composing the body of directors in every
' bank, principal or branch, and those of most of
' the stockholders; secondly, from their opposition
1 to the measures and principles of the Government,
'and to the election ot those friendly to them; and
'thirdly, from the sentiments of ihe newspapers
' they support. Now, while we are strong, it is the
' greatest duty we owe to the safety of our Consli-
' lulion, to bring this poweiful enemy to a perfect
' subordination under its authorities. The first
' measure would be to reduce them to an equal foot-
' ing only with other bankS as to the favors of the
' Government." (That is, as to public deposites.)—
Jefferson's letter to Gallatin, 1803.
This brief extract, Mr. B. said, soared above
party politics, and averred the Bank of the United
States to be hostile to the principles and to the
form of our Constitution; an assertion which
would be proved to be true in the course of this
debate. It recommended the people of the United
States, while they were strong, to provide for the
safety of their Constitution, and to bring the
great enemy of their liberty under subordination
to the laws, and to do it by depriving him of the
public deposites, and thus reducing him to a level
with State banks.
He would now take up one of the reasons for
removing the deposites, and become infinitely
stronger since for not restoring them. It was the
expansion and contraction of currency. This
was the vice of all banks, especially powerful
ones, such as the Bank of England and that of the
United States. To make fortunes for individuals
connected with the bank—to favor gamblers in the
stocks—was generally the object of these expan-
sions and contractions; but political ends were
sometimes the main object, and the acquisition of
fortunes a secondary and subordinate one. Once
in a certain number of years the cycle for these
operations came on in England, and always attend-
ed with the making and breaking of many fortunes.
The last operation of the kind in England was
performed in 182-1-'5, and Mr. Baring, who gave
an account of it in the British House of Commons,
described the effect to be such that many millions
changed hands, and men who, in aregiilar train of
business, could have wound up with a clear estate
of two hundred thousand pounds sterling, were left
paupers on the hands of the parish.   It was done
by pouring out a flood of paper, lending money to
everybody, then calling all in, and lending money
to nobody but the favorites of the bank. This
operation, Mr. B. said, had been three times per-
formed in the United Stales by the present bank,
first in 1818—'19 from mercenary motives, to gam-
ble in the stocks and riot on the distresses of the
country, and to make fortunes for the directors and
their friends; once in 1831-'32 to effect a political
object, when near thirty millions of loans were
made in a few months, and suddenly called for at
the appearance of the bank veto message; but the
happy termination of the presidential election
stopped the progress of the contraction, and gave
the community time to breathe. The removal of
the deposites was the next great occasion, and for
the contraction and pressure at that time the bank
began to prepare as soon as it was ascertained that
the removal would be made. This was early in
the last summer. Many circumstances growing-
out of the state of the country and the legislation
of Congress favored the operation. The shortened
credits on the revenue bonds was about to take
effect; the cash payments on a part of the imports
came into play at the same time; a great accumu-
lation of revenue on hand, which made large bal-
ances against other banks, in whose notes much of
it was paid. All this made of themselves an un-
usually large demand for money in the commercial
cities towards the close of the year. The bank
took advantage of these circumstances to make her
contraction the more violent upon the community;
they prepared for it in secret for several months
beforehand. The first great measure was to ac-
cumulate bills of exchange in the Atlantic cities,
payable at a brief date, and all falling due about
the same time. Por this purpose a resolution was
passed applicable to the "five western branches," as
they were called, of the most insulting, degrading,
and injurious nature. They were forbid to pur-
chase bills of exchange except payable in one of
the Atlantic cities, and with not more than ninety
days to run. This extraordinary fact and extraor-
dinary resolution was communicated to Congress
in the report of the Government directors, which
had been printed, and was no w a part of our doc-
uments. It would be found at page 21 of the ori-
ginal report. Mr. B. called upon any member who
stood in a relation to know the secrets of the bank
to account for this extraordinary resolution, which
prevented the western banks from dealing in ex-
change with one another, or giving any citizen a
bill in one branch.for his money at the place where
another was, or taking from an exporter of western
produce,or a drover,a bill payable in New Orleans
or Charleston. He wished to hear a reason. To
him the object stood revealed. It was to malee a
great accumulation of these bills.in New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, towards the close of
the year, and thus to increase the demand among
the merchants for money in those places at the
very moment that the bank intended to deny them
all aid, and was to press them for former debts.
The next great act of preparation on the part of
the bank was incredible and diabolical: it was to
dishonor its distant branch bank notes at that time,
and thus render as unavailable as possible the
masses of those notes which m'ght be on hand.
Mr. B. regretted that he had to allude to this
act without the proofs in hand. They had been
called for and furnished, and were now tn the
hands of the printer, and would be used by him
on a future occasion,and he trusted that a proceed-
ing would behad.which would put the bank before
a tribunal where the history of this incredible ti ans-
action would be brought to light. He alluded to a'
scire facias for the violation of the charter. He
said that the notes of the branches had been dis-
honored at New York, at Baltimore,and at Mobile,
about the same time, and at that time, in the crisis
of this contraction, and with such similantyof
circumstances as to announce that all was done with
the connivance, if not with the orders, of the Bank
of the United States. He denied that there was
any possible assi-jnable reason for dishonoring the
distant branch notes at this time. The bank was
full of specie, five millions more than it had in
1^32, at which time it considered about six mil-
lions to be enough, and the president of the bank
treated as a mere surplus about five millions which
had been parted with in a few months; the.greater
part being sold to France and England. Yet they
