1834.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    79
then reject it, but they refused to consider it. They
left their course to its results, be the effect on the
community whatever it might.
I have not, Mr. President, said Mr. Benton, in
the charge which I have made—no, sir, 1 cannot
be considered as having made it, but the charge
which I have brought out of the document which
both Houses have ordered to be printed as a pub-
lic document—against the bank for having violated
and forfeited its charter in the mode of curtailment
which it has carried on, one branch of the charges
was, that the mode of curtailment was illegal, the
other was that it was unequal and partial; and it
was now for him to prove the assertion. He
would have recourse to the same report of the
Government directors, (page 14.) Two facts only,
out of a number, he would bring before the Sen-
ate, which would show the favoritism and ine-
quality of this curtailment. On the 16th of Au-
gust we find the extent of the authority assumed,
one hundred thousand dollars was loaned to one
individual.
" On the 16th of August we perceived a striking
1 instance of the extentof authority they assumed.
' We observed that, a week before, a single loan
' of no less than one hundred thousand dollars was
' made by the committee to one person, without
' any authority from the board, although it had
1 been in session that very day; although theprop-
' osition for the loan must have been made before
' the meeting of the board, forit was submitted to
' the committee, by its chairman, immediately on
'the adjournment, and although the board had,
' on the same day, refused good mercantile paper.
' When we made inquiry, we ascertained that the
' loan was not in fact done for the person whose
' name was entered on the books, but for a bank
• ' of which he was a director, and on account of a
' large debt then due from it to the Bank of the
' United States, the regular payment of which was
* thus postponed. Wecannot doubt that the board
' would have refused this proposal had it been
' submitted to them; but however that might have
'been, the assumption of such a power, exercised
' in such a manner by the committee, is not to be
'sanctioned, unless the other members of.the
' board have become utterly useless."
Although the board had the same day refused
the paperof good men, merchants in the city, on
the 16th day of August, when the curtailment was
in full operation, the exchange committee, without
the authority of the board, discounted one hundred
thousand dollars to an individual, and refused the
business paper of mercantile men, though well en-
dorsed. He held that it was an improper partiality,
at the very moment when the screws were turning
on the merchants of Philadelphia, to make such a
loan to an individual. Who was that individual?
He figures at the head of a memorial praying for
the restoration of the deposites! He was one of
those who were busy in getting up public meetings
and/ac simile memorials in favor of the restoration
of the deposites, which were to be repeated in
showers from every part of the country, like the
memorials which,two years ago, we had in favor
of the renewal of the charter. Could anything be
a more remarkable evidence of favoritism and par-
tiality than this screwing of one part of the com-
munity with one hand, and, with the other, pour-
ing out favors upon those who were to aid the bank
in getting up excitements and sending memorials
to Congress?
Mr. B. read again:
" Another instance was lately exhibited of the
1 injustice arising from this unlimited and irrespon-
«sible power of the committee on exchange. The
' policy adopted by the board has caused curtail-
<  ments in the loans to the community to a great
' extent. These ought at least to be general in their
' operation. Yet, on a loan for a very large sum,
'secured on stock, being offered for renewal on the
<  8th of November, all reduction was refused, on
< the ground that it had been originally made by
c the committee on exchange, some years before,
<  for an indefinite period, and that the faith of the
i bank was therefore pledged for its continuance.
■ These resolutions, passed three years since, at a
i time when there was great abundance of money,
c' authorized the committee on exchange to^loan
i large sums on approved collateral securities.' As-
<  Guming, by virtue of these, a power which we
. believe the board never intended to confer, they
| ' have thus entered, it seems, into contracts which
' will extend to the termination of the charter, if not
' beyond it. These contracts, too, so far as we can
' learn, were not reduced to writing—in fact, the
' notes themselves were drawn at the usual short
' periods. It is now, at least, apparent that these
' proceedings were at variance with the true policy
' of the institution, and that they operate unequally
' on the community, whose interests ought to be
' impartially consulted."
The name of this individual was not given, but
there were circumstances which would enable him
(Mr. B.) to identify him. Thecommitteeappointed
two years ago to investigate the affairs of the
bank, reported that a loan of eleven hundred thou-
sand dollars was made, at one time, to a broker,
who was a relative of the president of the bank—
a loan, too, for an indefinite term of years, and at
five per cent, interest. This, sir, was the loan on
which no reduction was to be made—a loan stand-
ing at five per cent., when the merchants were
driven to the brokers for money, at exorbitant
premiums, to maintain their credit. There was an
entire class of debtors to the bank who were not
subjected at all to the curtailment; but they were
politicians and friends, and men who were busy in
getting up meetings for the purpose of producing
that instantaneous action which was to restore the
deposites to the bank, without any examination
into the truth of the charges made against it.
I trust, Mr. President, continued Mr. B., that I
have now made out the case of illegality, partial-
ity, favoritism, and violation of the charter, upon
the testimony of a document which would stand
before us, and before the American people, as true,
until it should be disproved. He would not go
further into instances of favoritism; they we're
abundant, but time forbade the detail.
He wished now to say a word of the meetings
everywhere getting up to influence Congress on
the subject of the deposites—to coerce their " in-
stantaneous restoration." He had observed that
merchants were often engaged in these meetings.
Allow me to say, sir, that my historical reading,
and my professional studies, have led me to enter-
tain an exalted opinion and high respect for mer-
chants as a body. He need not go back to the
middle ages, when merchants were the founders
of States, and raised the free cities of Italy to a
level with kingdoms and empires. He would
refer to the merchants of England and America,
who had a potential voice with statesmen in all
matters of finance and commerce. The opinions
of such men, whenever expressed, would command
from him respect and deference; but to maintain
their right to that respect and deference, they must
express the opinions of merchants, and not of pol'U-
ical partisans. Their meetings must be those of
merchants, in which they speak and act for them-
selves, and not the meetings of lawyers and poli-
ticians, in which the merchants made no figure.
In such meetings the voice coming from mer-
chants was lost; it was their own fault for merging
their own high character in that of faction. The
heat and passion of a political meeting was not
their theatre when they wished to enlighten the
councils of the nation in matters of finance and
commerce, and they must not think it amiss if
they shared the fate of their company, and saw
their opinions no better treated than those of law-
yers and partisan politicians.
Mr. B. then descanted, with some keenness,
upon the fac simile meetings which were getting
up all over the United States, and adopting reso-
lutions bearing the impress of the same mint, to
coerce  Congress into  "immediate action."    He
treated the motives of such meetings with consid-
erable levity, made some  cuts  at lawyers and
politicians who could decide all the points con-
nected with the immense question of removing
and restoring the public deposites, without evi-
dence, without facts, without hearing but a small
piece of one side of the question, and then put
forth their resolves to govern the opinions of the
country.   He said he should not pay much regard
to such sudden verdicts, although they might be
communicated by a procession of grown men, who
i should make a circuit round the city, like the
I soldiers of Joshua round the walls of Jericho, and
I deliver their resolves in a blast of rams' horns,
i loud enough to  blow down the walls of  the
¡1 Capitol.
[The hour for making up our paper having
arrived, we are obliged to close the report. It
will be continued on Monday.]
Mr. BENTON, without concluding, gave way
to a motion to adjourn, and,
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the Senate ad-
journed.
*      HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 3, 1834.
The following bills were reported from standing
committees, read twice, and committed, viz:
By Mr. WATMOUGH, a bill relative to naval
schools.
By Mr. EVANS, a bill granting pensions to
certain persons therein named.
By Mr. CAMBRELENG, a bill to exempt
merchandise imported under certain circumstances
from the operation of the provisions of the act of
19th May, 1828, in alteration of the several acts
imposing duties on imports.
By Mr. MUHLENBERG, a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of John M. Gregory.
By Mr. CHINN, a bill for the relief of the
widow and heirs of Lewis P. Davidson.
Also, a bill for the relief of Edmund Brooke.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, a bill for
the relief of James Kilgore.
By Mr. YOUNG, a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Benjamin Bird and------ —
Pomeroy.
By Mr. BOULDIN, a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Amasa Soper, deceased.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill author-
izing the Secretary of War to establish a pension
agency in the town of Decatur, Alabama, and to
provide for the payment of certain pensioners in
said town; which was read twice, and ordered to
be engrossejd and read a third time.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which, under a rule of the House, lies one day on
the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before this House a copy of any
contract which may have been made by that De-
partment for the construction of a bridge over the
Potomac river opposite to the city of Washington,
and to transmit with the same the names of the
contractors and their sureties, if any, and copies
of such reports or estimates, if any, as have been
made of the plan and probable cost of such bridge,
and a statement of any sums of money that may
have been paid, or have become due, under such
contract.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. SELDEN, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to report a bill requiring the
commissioners of the sinking fund forthwith to
purchase or otherwise redeem the five percent,
stocks of the United States, and directing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury from time to time to place
under the control of said commissioners such funds,
not otherwise required for the purpose of the Gov-
ernment, as shall be necessary for that object,and
in case of deficiency to sell so much of the stock
of the Bank of the United States belonging to the
Government as will enable them to complete the
purchase.
The resolution was briefly debated by Messrs.
SELDEN and CAMBRELENG, when
Mr. POLK moved to amend it by striking out
the instructions to thecommittee to " report a bill,"
and directing them merely to " inquire into the
expediency" of the proposed measure.
And the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. LANE then rose to address the House on
the subject, but the hour allotted to morning busi-
ness having expired, he was precluded from pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER communicated a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting copies of the
Annua! Navy Register.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole, Mr. POLK in the chair, on the following
I private bills:
