80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3.
A bill for the relief of John Webber.
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes.
A bill for the relief of Alexander Boyd.
A bill for the relief of Ezekiel Foster.
A bill for the relief of the owners of the schooner
Three Sisters.
A bill for; the relief of Philip Bessom.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Rowe, deceased.                                     *
A bill for the relief of Horatio N. Crabb.
A bill for the relief of John G. Reynolds.
• A bill for the relief of John Percival and others.
A bill for the relief of Francis and Judith Tay-
lor.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
George Hurl, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Presley Thorn-
ton, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Minor.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Enos
Grannis.
A bill for the relief of John Lobdell; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones.
The committee rose, reported the bills to the
House; and they were ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. P. THOMAS, it was or-
dered that when the House" adjourns, it will
adjourn to meet on Monday.
¡The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole (Mr. Ellsworth in the
chair) on the following bills.
A bill granting pensions to several persons
therein named.
A bill for the relief of Francis Barham and
others.
A bill for the relief of AaTon Bellamy.
A bill for the relief of Luther L. Smith.
A bill for the relief of Pearson Freeman.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Buller Claiborne, deceased.                •
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Doctor John Berrien.
A bill to extend the term of certain pensions
charged on the privateer pension fund.
A bill to compensate Susan Decatur.
A bill making certain allowances as to the cap-
tains, &c, of the marine corps.
A bill for the relief of the widow, &c, of George
Ludlum, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Coleman Fisher.
A bill supplementary to the act for the relief of
Guarringer Flaujac, of Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of Chasterlain and Pouvert.
A bill for the relief of Lucy Loomis.
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small.
A bill for the relief of Joel Wright.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Patten.
A bill for the relief of Ann Mortimer Barron.
And a bill for the relief of the representatives of
Everard Meale.
The committee rose, and reported the bills to the
House, with the exception of the bill to compen-'
sate Susan Decatur, which, on motion of Mr.
PATTON, was passed over, and the committee
asked leave to sit again on the same; which was
granted. The bills for the relief of the widow,
&c, of George Ludlum, deceased, and for the
relief of Nathaniel Patten, were postponed till
Friday next, and the residue of the bills reported
from the Committee of the Whole, were ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, a Committee on
Enrolled Bills, to consist of five members, was
ordered to be appointed.
The House then adjourned until Monday.
Turner's Falls.—These exist in Con-
necticut river, near the point where the
towns of Montague, Gill, and Greenfield
meet. They are by far the most interest-
ing waterfalls in the State, and I think I
may safely say in New England. At least,
to my taste, the much broader sheet of
water, the higher perpendicular descent,
and the equally romantic scenery of the
surrounding country give to this cataract
a much higher interest than is excited by
a view of the more celebrated Bellows'
Falls, on the same river, in Walpole, New
Hampshire, and probably the latter are
generally regarded as the most striking
object of this kind in New England.
Above Turner's Falls the Connecticut,
for about three miles, pursues a course
nearly north west, through a region scarcely
yet disturbed by cultivation ; and all this
distance it is as placid as.a mountain lake,
even to the verge of the cataract. Here
an artificial dam has been erected, more
than a thousand feet long, resting near the
centre upon two small islands. Over this
dam the water leaps more than thirty.feet
perpendicularly, and for a half a mile con-
tinues descending rapidly, and foaming
along its course. One hundred rods be-
low the falls, the stream strikes directly
against a lofty greenstone ridge, by which
it is compelled to change its course
towards the south at least a quarter of a
circle.
The proper point for viewing Turner's
Falls is from the road leading to Green-
field, on the north shore, perhaps fifty rods
below the cataract. Here, from elevated
ground, you have directly before you the
principal fall, intersected near the center
by two small rocky islands, which are
crowned with trees and brushwood. The
observer perceives at once that Niagara is
before him in miniature. These islands
may be reached by a canoe from above the
falls in perfect safety. Fifty rods below
the cataract, a third most romantic little
island lifts its evergreen head an image of
peace and security, in the midst of the
agitated and foaming waters swiftly glid-
ing by. The placid aspect of the waters
above the fall, calmly emerging from the
moderately elevated and wooded hills ata
distance, is finely contrasted with its foam
and tumult above the cataract.
The country around the falls is but lit-
tle cultivated. On the opposite side of the
river the observer will, indeed, perceive a
few dwellings and the head of a canal:
but a little beyond, wooded elevations,
chiefly covered with evergreens, terminate
the landscape; while in every other di-
rection, the scenery is still more wild and
unreclaimed from a state of nature.
A sailing excursion from the falls, three
miles up the stream, has all the attractions
of a passage over a mountain lake. And
probably the coves along the shore fur-
nish as good sports for fishing as now
exist in the river. The geologist, too, will
find the vicinity of these falls full of interest
During high water, the roar of Turner's
Falls may be heard from six to ten miles.
The magnificence of the cataract is greatly
heightened at such a season.
In order to visit Turner's Falls, one must
turn aside from every great public road;
and although but four miles from the vil-
lage of Greenfield, this circumstance shows
why they ate so seldom resorted to by
travellers.—Hitchcock's Geological Report.
Old Brandy.—We are informed by the
collector from Great Egg Harbor, that dur-
ing the late gale, four pipes of brandy and
some pieces of silk were found on Peck's
beach, which no doubt came from the
brig Perseverance, wrecked on that beach
eighteen years ago. The liquor possesses
all the good properties of age, but tasted
strongly of bilge water. It was sold on
the 25th by the commissioner of wrecks,
in Cape May county, for 63 to 76 cents a
gallon. The silk was as bright and nearly
as strong as new. The Perseverance was
from Bordeaux, bound to Philadelphia,
bilged and sunk in the year 1815.—Phil'
adelpkia Coffee House Books.
It is said the police duties in London
are much more active during the sitting
of Parliament, as the thieves, when that
body is prorogued, follow the aristocracy
into the country. Every class of animals,
like those of the vegetable kingdom, are
infested with a particular class of parasites
and vermin that feed upon them.
It is not, perhaps, generally known in
this country, that one of the most gifted
and powerful writers and poets of the age,
Allan Cunningham, was a mason by trade,
and is at present, and has been for years,
occupying the humble birth of foreman in
the workshop of the celebrated sculptor
Chantrey, at London. Allan is about pub-
lishing a new edition of his Life of Burns,-
and other works.
The herring, salmon, and other fisheries
of Great Britain alone, amount to £700,000
per annum, and employ over eighty thou-
sand persons.
S.ome robbers at London were lately
discovered upon the roof of a house, from
which, contrary to their usual custom, they
were about making a descent, into the
apartments below. The night being dark
the people set fire to the chimney, by the
help of which the culprits were pursued
and taken.
A member of Parliament presenting a
petition of the weavers, complaining of
the pressure of the times and want of em-
ploy, said they had worked so hard and
spun so much yarn, that they had not a
shirt to cover their backs.
From the recent numerous murders
committed in England, by administering
arsenic, and the pretext set up by the ac-
cused that the poison was purchased to
destroy rats, and from the narrow escape
from death of three children while asleep,
who were attacked by a ferocious rat, we
should imagine that the country was over-
run with the vermin.
The new police lately created in Lon-
don, being under the direction of the Gov-
ernment, has awakened the jealousy of
the people, who apprehend- that it may
become an engine of despotic power and
tyrannical espionage, as in France and
some other countries.
The back numbers of the Congressional
Globe are exhausted, or will be before this
sheet reaches subscribers. Therefore, those
who may subscribe hereafter, cannot be
furnished with a complete file.
