THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE    CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   *BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Coj.gr.ess, 1st Session
SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1834
Vol  1 ...No. 6.
[The conclusion of Mr. Pulk's speech on Thurs-
day, January 2d, commenced in the last number
of the Congressional Globe, cannot be continued
m this for want of room ]
IN SENATE.
Mosdit, January 6, 1834.
A message was received by the hands of Mr.
Donelson, his Private Secretary, fiom the Presi-
dent of the United States, stating that he had
received a communication from the consul of the
United States at Tangier, advising him that he
had obtained a present, in his official character, of
a lion and two horses; but conceiving: that he had
no right under the Constitution, which he felt
himself bound to support, to accept these presents,
he thought it to be his duty to submit the animals
to the control of the national authorities.
Mr. CLAY remarked that he had an idea of
moving that the message be referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture; but upon reflection he
lloved that it be referred to the Committee on
foreign Relations, which was agreed to.
Mr. WAGGAMAN presented the credentials
of the Hon. ALEXANDER PORTER, a Sen-
ttor from the State of Louisiana, in the place of
the Hon. Josiah S. Johnston, deceased, which
were read, and the new Senator appeared, was
qualified, and tooklus seat
Mr WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, making appropriations for the service
of the Government, with amendments, which
were considered, and, after some explanatory re-
marks by Mr. WEBSTER, was ordered to be
read a third time.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of John
Pushell.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill in favor of the widow and
heirs of Felix Adram.
Mr. POINDEXTER,* from the same commit-
tee, reported unfavorably to the petition of the
Common Council of---------.
Also, unfavorably to the petition of Stephen P.
Payne, for a township of land for missionary ser-
vices rendered by him.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Secretary of State, responsive
to the following resolution ot Mr EWING, which
was inadvertently stated by our repoiter to have
been presented to the Senate on Friday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State lay be-
fore the Senate a copy of the commission under
which William J. Duane lately acted as Secretary
of the Treasury, and a copy of the commission
under which Roger B. Taney now acts as Secre-
tary.
Which was read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
hereby is, requested to transmit to the Senate, a
copy of the evidence furnished him by Mount]oy
Bailey, to prove that he was entitled to his com-
mutation of five years' full pay, as a captain in the
Maryland Line in the war of the Revolution, and
that he never received the same from the United
States agreeably to the proviso in the act of Con-
gress oí the 26th May, 1830, entitled " An act for
the relief of Mountjoy Bailey "
Which was adopted, the standing order being
dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr McKEAN presented memorials from cer-
tain State banks in Pennsylvania, abking that the
public deposites might be restored to the Bank of
the United States, which, on his motion, were
ordered to lie upon the table, and be printed
Mr TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion.
Resolved, That the Committee of Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of an ap-
6
propnation for erecting a light house at Michigan
City, on Lake M.chigan, m the State of Indiana,
and of establishing a port of delivery at that
place
Mr. SHEPLEY offered the following resolu-
tion-
Resolved, That the Committee on Milita-y Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the repair of the
military road constructed by the United States in
the State of Maine, leading from the river Matta-
nawcook to Houlton.
Mr. SHEPLEY submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be di-
rected to communicate to the Senate any informa-
tion within the Department showing the injury
done by storms during the month of December
last to the pier on the western side of the en-
trance to Kennebunk river, in the State of Maine,
and the necessity of an immediate repair; and to
furnish an estimate of the sum required to make
the necessary repairs.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, in pursuance of notice
the other day, introduced a bill granting a certain
amount of p blic lands for the benefit of female
schools in particular ¡gtates; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The resolution of Mr. HENDRICKS—
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
oT making a further appropriation for the construc-
tion of the Cumberland road, in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois.
The íesolution of Mr. HENDRICKS—
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing
upon the pension list applicants who shall be able
to prove thiee months' service in the revolutionary
war, agreeably to the requisitions of the law of
1832.
The resolution of Mr. SWIFT—
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from St.
Alban's, in Vermont, toPlattsburg,m New York.
Were severally taken up and adopted.
A bill for the relief of Noah Stayley;
A bill for the relief of John Kimberm;
Were severally ordered to a third reading.
A bill for the relief of Andrew Knox being un-
der consideration, Mr BLACK moved an amend-
ment, and suggested that it he upon the table, but
at a subsequent hour it was taken up on motion of
Mr. Poindexter, and, with the amendment, or
dered to be engrossed.
The bill for the relief of Eli Robmson being
called up, Mr MOORE moved that it be made the
special order for Monday next, but at the sugges-
tion of Mr. NAUDAINitwas laid upon thelable
upon the motion of Mr. MOORE
Petitions and memorials were presented during
the morning, by Senators S1LSBEE, SPRAGUE,
McKEAN, and LINN, among them the memo-
rial of certain citizens asking the construction of
a breakwater at Sandy Bay, in Massachusetts.
The Senate then proceeded to the special older
of the day.
REMOVAL OP PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. CLAY on the 28th
ultimo
Mr. BENTON continued—[We are compelled
to omit his remaiks in the Congiessional Globe
for want of room ]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jaiiumy 6, 1834.
Mr. SELDEN presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of New York, on the
subject of the currency. Mr S remarked that
a memorial had been published m the newspapers
without the knowledge or approbation of the
Board of Trade. This board, he would add, rep-
resented the great body of New York merchants
who were engaged in the internal trade of the
country. The memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BINNEY presented a similar memonal
from the Board of Trade in Philadelphia, and
remarked that, as the memorialists had gone more
at length into the causes of the existing distress
consequent upon the present derangement of the
currency, and suggested remedies to alleviate it,
he desired to have it read. It was read accord-
ingly, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial from a
meeting of merchants held in Philadelphia, of
which Mr. Robert Patterson was chairman, on
the same subject, which was also referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial from
Commodore Barron, stating that he had invented
a steam plough ship calculated for the destruction
of ships of war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mi  PINCKNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instrue'ed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making compensation to the heirs and
legal representatives of John Gordon, deceased,
wno served as an officer during the revolutionary
wai, in the legion commanded by Colonel Henry
Lee, and that the papers accompanying this reso-
lution be committed to said committee
On motion of Mr. FOSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of placing the names of Thomas Leverett,
William Brooks, and Benjamin Joiner, of the
State of Georgia, on the roll of revolutionary
pensioners, and that the papers and documents
herewith presented be referred to said commit-
tee.
On motion of Mr. LYTLE,
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation in aid of the marine hospital of
Cincinnati.
On motion of Mr. LYTLE,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to wqune into the
expediency of authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to contract for the transportation of the mail
by steamboat navigation from Louisville to New
Orleans.
The CHAIR presented a message from the
President of the United States, which was read as
follows.
Wasiiikgtov, January 6, 1834.
To the House of Rep> esentatii.es-
I communicate to Congress an extract of a letter
recently received from James R Leib, consul of
the United States at Tangier, by which it appears
that that officer has been induced to receive from
the Emperor of Morocco a present of a lion and
two horse?, which he holds as belonging to the
Unued States. Theie being no funds at the dis-
posal of the*E vecutive applicable to the objects
stated by Mr Leib, I submit the whole subject to
the consideration ot Congress for such direction
as in their wisdom may seem proper
I have directed instructions to be given to all our
ministers anu agents abroad, requning that, in fu-
ture, unless previously authorized by Congress,
they will not, under any circumstances, accept
presents of any description from any foreign State.
I deem it proper, on this occasion, to invite the
attention of Congi ess to tne presents which have
heretofoie been made to our public officeis, and
which have been deposited, under the orders of
the Government, in the Department of State.
Those articles are altogether useless to the Gov-
