82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
eminent; and the care and preservation of them
in the Department of State are attended with con-
siderable inconvenience.
That provision of the Constitution which pro-
hibits any officer, without the consent of Congress,
to accept any present from any foreign power,
may be considered as having been satisfied by the
surrender of Die articles to the Government, and
they might now be disposed of by Congress to
those for whom they were originally intended, or
to their heirs, with obvious propriety in both
cases—and in the latter would be received as grate-
ful memorials of the character of the present.
As, under the positive order now given, similar
presents cannot hereafter be received, even for the
purpose of being placed at the disposal of the Gov-
ernment, I recommend to Congress to authorize, by
law, that the articles already in the Department of
State shall be delivered to the persons to whom
they were originally presented, if living, and to
the heirs of such aa may have died.
ANDREW JACKSON.
The House suspended the rule, for the purpose
of enabling Mr. LEWIS, of Alabama, to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether the provisions of
the treaty of March, 1832, with the Creek tribe of
Indians, in the State of Alabama, be inconsistent
with the sovereign right of jurisdiction of said
State, within its limits; and whether the execution
of said treaty has so far conflicted, or is likely to
conflict, with the operation of the laws of said
State over the country ceded by such treaty, and
if so, to inquire whether some act of legislation,
consistent with the rights of said Indians, may
not be necessary to prevent such conflict; and
that said committee have leave to report by bill or
otherwise.                                            •
Mr. L. said he felt it his duty to submit to the
House the reasons that induced him to bring this
subject before the House. It was for the purpose
of preventing any conflict between the Executive
and tjie authorities of the State of Alabama. It
might be sufficient for him in the outset to state,
that long before the execution of the treaty made
with the Indians in Alabama, the lands in question
had been under the jurisdiction of the State, and
the laws of Alabama were in full force over the
country, when the Government of the United
States claimed the right, under the act of 1807, to
send there the deputy marshal to impede such im-
provements as were made by resident inhabitants
of the State, and to remove them as intruders.
This power in the treaty was objected to at the
time the treaty was made by the people of Ala-
bama, but it was supposed that all matters con-
nected with it would be subjected to the decision
of the judicial tribunals of Alabama. The recent
act of the Government, however, amounted to a
total abolition of the State jurisdiction. It was
hoped, that as the execution of the oiders for
the removal had been delayed, there would not
be any further action on those orders, and the
people of the State had a right to believe so. The
subject had not been alluded to in the annual
message, as he contended it was the duty of the
President to have done, that Congress might have
its attention called to such a state of things, and
havetaken such measures as would have prevented
the possibility of any conflicts. But he supposed
this was not done in this instance because the
Executive thought proper to do what was now be-
come an every day practice, to exert the military
power of the Government at his will against the
constituted State authorities, without deigning to
inform Congress. Upon consultation with his
colleagues, they agreed with him in'opinion, that
it was hardly possible that the Government would
proceed in the steps they have taken to remove
the persons from the lands, as it was impossible
that the contemplated locations would be made
before the 15th of this month, the time named in
the order for removal. He had, however, applied
to the Secretary of War to delay the execution of
the order, that the locations might be made, and
the removal rendered unnecessary, and he had
received his answer, that the time could not be
lengthened, and that the order was not revoked.
He, under these circumstances, felt it his duty to
offer this resolution. He bad a further object in
submitting it, that it might immediately arrest the
action of the Executive,*who would, he hoped, not
feel it his duty to enforce the orders whilst the
subject itself was before the House, and when he,
asa Representative from the State of Alabama, had
applied for a repeal of the law under which the
right of removal %vas claimed.
He could not anticipate that any objections
would be made to the resolution, as it was one
simply of inquiry, and was presented with a view-
to prevent any collision by force, and did not com-
promise the rights or merits of either side of the
question. It might be objected that Congress had
no jurisdiction in this case; that it had no power to
violate a treaty svhich had been duly ratified; but
if, on inquiry, the treaty itself was found to be un-
constitutional, he maintained that it was not only
the right, but it vías the duty of Congress to repeal
the act, and they could, if necessary, indemnify
any party who might have claims for indemnity
upon the country m consequence of it. Gentlemen
might speak of the obligations of treaties, and of
the necessity that existed for fulfilling their stipu-
lations; but he thought a stronger and higherduty
was imposed on them, namely, to preserve the
Constitution of the country—to preserve the rights
of the States, which, resting on the Constitution
as their basis, could not in any respect be impaired
without a gross violation of that Constitution. He
hoped the House, considering the collision which
had already taken place, and what was still likely
to take place, if the orders of the Executive were
not delayed, would be induced to reconsider the
basis upon which the treaty was founded, and thus
prevent a resort to military force, the ultima ratio
regwn. He would remark,%i anticipation of ob-
jections as to the powers of Congress in cases
where treaties were made, as it was a mooted point
whether Congress had the power to withhold an
appropriation for a treaty that had been ratified,
that treaties could not be made except between
sovereigns, and that he maintained the Creek In-
dians could not be considered a sovereign State or
people at the time the treaty was made, as they
and their lands were then subject to, and under
the acknowledged lawsof Alabama. He believed
that a timely survey of the lands would have pre-
vented all this difficulty. Hedid not impute blame
to any person for this delay; but felt that it was
unfortunate, and that a greater delay had taken
placethan wasexpected. Thepeopleof Alabama
had no right to suppose that the present conflict
could have arisen between them Snd the present
Executive, knowing that the President had on so
many occasions notoriously asserted the complete
right of the States to extend their laws over the
Indian tribes within their limits. But if theactof
1807 had been, or is to be now, enforced, he would
show not only that the President did not on other
occasions believe it his duty, but if he did, that he
knowingly and willingly violated his duty in not
acting upon it. The President had, in the conflict
between the State authorities in Georgia, and the
Cherokee ana Choctaw tribes, expressly recog-
nized the right of that State; he did not enforce
the law against the State authorities in that case,
because be believed it to be incompatible with their
rights. Georgia took the Indian lands, had them
surveyed, and since disposed of by lottery, and
yet their acts were not called in question, nor any
military force displayed, as was recently done at
Fort Mitchell. The Indians had not originally
made any other stipulation in the treaty than that
" they were to remain on the lands until then-
crops were gathered." The State had reason to
suppose that they would have removed immedi-
ately upon that being done, and were justified in
extending their laws and taking the country under
theirjurisdiction.
So far from deserving punishment these settlers
were considered as pioneers, and were encouraged
as such both by the Government and the State of
Alabama.    No  Government land had   been  so
profitably sold as that which was settled by those
pioneers.    It was not true that they injured the
lands in any respect, or incommoded the Indians.
They had also the express pledge of the Gov-
ernment that theyshould not be removed-till the ]
selections were made.    Vet military force has ,
been  employed to remove persons as intruders i
who settled  by express   permission  from   the !
Secretary of War.    Their numbers had now in-1
creased to thirty thousand, and he submitted to •
the House, with what propriety their instantane.
ous removal had been ordered, after repeated dec-
larations from the Government that theyshould
remain till the selections were made. Mr. Speak-
er, it is a matter of curiosity to look at the cause
of that change of policy. Why has the President
so suddenly changed his views? It is not pre-
tended that the public lands have sustained any
injury from the settlers, or that they have set up
an adverse title to that of the United States, or that
they have interferetl with the rights of the Indians.
On the contrary, the interests of the Indians have
been promoted by the settlement; many of the
Indians had reservations to sell, the value of which
was increased by the competition of the settlers.
But still those settlers were to be driven away—
for what purpose? To enable a few Government
pet agents and surveyors to purchase these very
reservations for a trifle. It was under the influ-
ence of those individuals that the order for the re-
moval of the Indians had been given. The char-
acter of the settlers, for this purpose, had been
skxndered by these men, and the feelings of the
Indians towards the sellers had been grossly mis-
represented. The great body of the Indians never
did oppose the settlement of these people among
them No two people, he would undertake to
say, distinct in language, color, and habits, ever
lived together more harmoniously. The rights of
the Indians were respected and protected. The
laws were equitably enforced against all persons
who infringed, in any way, upon their rights.
Public opinion there would not tolerate the least
injustice to an Indian. He knew the characterof
the settlers of that country—they were his con-
stituents, and he knew that they were unjustly
represented as intruders on the*pubiic lands. Their
character was as respectable—he called his col-
leagues to witness—as that of any portion of the
people of Alabama. They had been slandered
by those who were interested in procuring their
removal. These people were not intruders with-
in the meaning of the laws. They had settled
under the protection of the Government of the
State of Alabama and of the United States, with
a view to become purchasers of Indian reserva-
tions. The deputy marshal now undertook, upon
ex parte testimony, to decide who were intruders.
The'jurisdiction of the courts of Alabama, in all
cases of trespass, was wholly set aside. If a
white man intruded upon the Indians, relief was
given by our laws; but it was now to be given
summarily by the United States marshal. The
Executive was impatient of the law's delay, and
he orders the marshal to decide, and to enforce
his decision by the bayonet of the United States
as soon as it is made. One individual had already
lost his life in consequence of this usurpation of
authority—a more atrocious act than the murder
of Owens was never perpetrated in any country
calling itself free. Here Mr. L. read an account
of the transaction, as given by the deputy mar-
shal. Thus a citizen of Alabama was shot down
by order of a deputy marshal under the instruc-
tions of the President. With the deputy he had
nothing to do. His case was before the proper
tribunal. My business is with the President,
by whose order the act was done. I hold the
Government responsible for the deed, until it dis-
avows it. The Secretary of War justified the act.
Is the Army and Navy to be prostituted, to such
purposes of oppression ? If so, I will vote fortheir
abolition. We want no such aid to the Executive
power. They ought to be disbanded to-morrow,
if they are kept up, not for foreign foes, but to
enforce Executive decrees. If the Army was the
bulldog of the President, ready to make an attack
and draw blood at his bidding, he submitted
whether the military power did not govern in Ala-
bama, and whether the republican form of govern-
ment guarantied to each State by the Constitution,
now existed there ? Where is the law ? In the
mouth of a deputy marshal. Who executes it? A
hireling soldiery.
The act of 1307 was incompatible with State
sovereignty. It was passed at a time when the
condition of lands and Indians was very different
from what it now is. He had not gone so fully
as he could have wished into this subject. He
came forward to demand for his constituents a res-
toration of the right of trial by jury, and of ft
republican form of government.
