90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
Pearce and others, for the abolition of slaveiy in
tne District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
After a short time Mr PRESTON moved to
reconsider the vote of reference, with a view to
lay the same on the table for a few days. Mr.
PRESTON said, as the petition lelated to a ques-
tion which was of a very interesting character in
the South, he desired an opportunity of examining
into it.
Mr. SPRAGUE made a few remarks against
the motion.
After some further conversation between Messrs.
CHAMBERS, PRESTON, and SHEPLEY,
Mr. PRESTON withdrew his motion to recon-
sider
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reponed a bill with amend-
ments concerning certain public roads; which was
read and committed.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented communi-
cations from the Secretary of the Navy and the
Secretary of War, in reference to expenditures
made in those Departments; which weie read and
laid upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter from theSecietary oí War, respon-
sive to the resolution offered by Mr. SHEPLEY
on the 7th instant:
"That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate any information within the
Department showing the injury done by storms,
duung the month of December last, to the pier on
the western side of the entrat ce to Kennebunk
river, in the State of Maine, and the necessity of
an immediate repair; and to furnish an estimate of
the sum required to make the necessary repans "
The following bills were read a thud time arid
passed:
A bill for the relief of George Clnnn;
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Robert Labari;
A bill for the relief of Phinens Sprogue and
others;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Lobdell;
A bill foi the relief of John Hone & ¡sons;
A bill making appropi rations for constructing
certain roads m the i'enitoiy of Ailtansas,
A bill for the relief of Felix Spencei;
A bill foi (he lelief of John Haital,
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Felix Adram,
A bill granting certain privileges to the Balti-
moieand Ohio raihoad,
A bill granting puvileges in constructing a lat-
eral branch of the same company-
Mi. POINDEXTER, after reading the message
of the President of the United States of the 6ih
instant i elating to the presents made to the Amer
lean consul at Tangiei by the Empei or of Morocco,
made a few explanatory observations pievious to
introducing the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to cause to be laid before the
Senate a schedule of the several articles received
by the ministers, consuls, or other agents of the
Government of the United States at foi eign courts,
as presents from the Governments at which they
were respectively accredited, and by them depos-
ited in the Department of State; specifying each
article, and its estimated value, and the name of
the minister, consul, or agent to whom the present
was made.
Mr POINDEXTER asked its consideiation at
this time; when, no objection having been made,
it was considered and adopted.
Mi W1LKINS adverted to an order made the
other day by the Senate, requiring to be printed,
for the use of its members, 5,(JU0 copies of the
reasons of the Secretary of the Treasury for the
removal of the public depositeB. Another paper,
in conformity with a call from the Senate, had
subsequently been furnished by the Secretary.
As both reports were upon the same subject, Mr.
Wilkins moved that a similar number (5,000) be
printed for the purposes of distribution
Mr. CLAY objected to the motion, and hoped
the Senate would not make the order, at least at
this time. We, said Mr. C , asked of the Secre-
tary documents, sir, and he chose to respond to
our demands by an argument.   I repeat, sir, we
called for documents, fcTr doctniieiiis, and he has I
' given us an uncalled forargument. J object to the
1 printing because it would be an implied approba-
tion of the unwarrantable attempt of the Secretai y,
a precedent which I, for one, sir, am not disposed
to sanction.
Mr Cl&y concluded by moving that the resolu-
tion lie upon the table; which bemgassented to by
Mr  Wi^kins, such order was taken upon it.
Petitions and memoiials were presented by
Messrs. TYLER, SHEPLEY, and SWIFT,
which obtained the usual reference.
The following resolutions were proposed, and
lie one day of course:
By Mr ROBB1NS,
Resolved, 1 hat the Joint Libiary Committee be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of a piop-
osition to be made by Congress to the I'ailiament
of Great Bntaijj, to interchange and exchange
copies of the acts and proceedings of their respect-
ive bod es, from year to yeai, and also the expe
diency of doing the same thir g with regard to the
legislative Chambeis of Fiance
By Mr  HENDRICKS,
ResoUed, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate, arepoit of the agent
recently employed in examining the Cumberland
road west ot the O no river
The Senate then proceeded to consider the
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The resolution of Mr. SPRAGUE—
That the Committee on the Librai y be instructed
to inqune into the expediency of subscnbing, for
the use of Congiess, to a new statistical work
proposed tobe published by Geoige Watterston—
Was adopted
The resolution of Mr MANGUM—
That the resolution adopted on the 14th of May,
1830, directing the Secietary of the Senate to con
tiact with the pnntei of the House of Represent-
atives tor copies of the documents printed by
ordei of the House, be, and the same is hereby,
rescinded,
Was, on motion of Mr FORSYTH, laid upon
the table—ayes 25, noes not counted.
The resolution of Mi. KENT,
That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inqune into the propnety
ot so modifying the law regulating the Post Office
Department as ti aumonze the transmission by
mail of such books and public íecoids, whethei
bound or in boards, as the Executives of the re-
spective Stateb are Hi the habit of inteieianging
with each other, upon such tei ms as will best com
poit with the nnpoitance nf the subject
Tne íesolution of Mi   PORTER,
That the Postmaster General be directed to re-
port to the Senate the number of failures which
have occuned during the last twelv1 months m
cailying the mail between the city of Washington
and New Oileaus, by the southern route, and the
number and amount of forfeitures enforced by him
in consequence of these failuies during the same
period,
Being under consideration, Mr. GRUNDY pro-
posed the following amendment, viz:
After the word " route" insert " the names of
the contractors who may have failed to fulfill their
contracts, together with," and before the words
" the number,"&c.
Which being accepted by Mr PORTER, the
resolution, as modified, was adopted
The Senate then proceeded to the special order
of the day.
THE REMOVAL OF DEPOSITES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Clay on the 26th
ultimo.
Mr SOUTHARD said that the adjournment
took place yesterday just before he had closed the
consideration of the last act performed by the
Secretary in his withdrawal of the deposites from
the United States Bank He was then showing
that the Secretary could not perform what he had
undertaken to do. He now proceeded to show
that the Secretary had, since the meeting of Con-
gress, forbidden the Bank of the United States
from performing its accustomed duty to the Gov-
ernment as  commissioner of loans.    A most
1 marked insult to Congiess.   Mr. S. then went
I into a minute statement to show that the Post-
master Geneial had been authonz'd to borrow,
and had borrowed,from certain State banks about
j¡,400,000, to meet the deficiency in the reitnue of
| that Department, besides over d>-af ts, the extent of
which he did not know, and (he continued) all
l this scheme was going on while the Secretary was
placing the money of the Government m irrespon-
sible places.   Mr. S. contended that if the char-
ter of the bank was to expire in fifty hours, he
would compel the agents of the Government to
restore the deposites to the place from whence
they were taken.    But the Senate weie to investi-
gate the reasons of the Secretary, and in doing so
he shou'd  not undertake  to examine the   issue
formed between the Piesident and the Secietary
in relation to it—he would let thfm try that them-
selves     We are to look to its consequences, not
1 upon the Government itself, and the people of the
United  States.     The President of  the United
States and the bank were but as a feather com-
pared to the mteiesis of this Union and the vio-
lated laws of the land     He was willing, for the
sake of the argument, to regard the reasons of the
Secretary as true, and that he wis acting by his
own impulse, and upon his own judgment, but it
required gieat faith to believe it when it was con-
cluded that we had the positive assertion of Mr.
Duane that he was to act by the orders of the
Piesident,and upon hisresponsibihtyalone.    Let
the feeling be what it may, the issue he meant to
tiy wat, between the violated laws of the country
and the punishment, he might call it, due to the
violators of them     It was necessary to look first
to the Secretary's pnnciples for his reasons; for
if they be untiue or unsoui d, his  conclusions
must be false, also.    The Secretary speaks of the
Tieasury and the Tieasury Dermrtment as one
and the same thing.    Now, there is a great dis-
¡ Unction between the Secretary of theTreasuiy,
| who is required to peiform certain general and
known dui'es, and the Treasurer, a ministerial
officer, from whom certain specific duties are ie-
quned     We shall see what he says by adverting
to pages ore and.two of his repoit.    Mi   S  then
read an extract showing the duues of the Secre-
tai y in the absence of any legislauve provision
applicable to the act he felt called on. to perfoim
Mr S continued.    He admits that the deposites
are safe in the Bank of the United S ates, but the
bank having violated its charter, he has a r'ght to
I remove them as he thinks proper     The power
thus claimed is an ouginal power, emanating out
of that belonging to his office, and the President's
power emanating from his general power to ste
the laws faithfully executed.   Mr-S  took leave
to say that the reasons were unbound and unjusti-
fied by the law or the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury.    Mr. S   here read at lergth extracts
I from the several lav/s establishing and regulating
theTi easury Denartment, for the purpose of show-
ing that the general powers and duties of the
Secretary were defined and pi escribed, and that
they gave no color to the power assumed  by him
for the removal of the deposites, and then con-
tended that the power to take the money of the
nation and appoint th  agents of the Government
belonged to the Congress of the United Sta'es alone,
I and that the Secretary has assumed duties which
I did not belong to him.    What, he wouM ask, is
] the character of that power'   Is it not as purely a
legislative power as any other known to the Con-
| stitution >   Does not the Constitution place it m
the hands of Congress to deal with and manage
and control the purse of the natirm '    It is a legis-
I lative power, and of the very highest legislative
character under our Government.    But if the Sec-
retary were to argue that it was an Executive
I power, what then >   Must it not be conferred ' and
| if it is not conferred, how can he act >   TheSecre-
t tary will find no relief from those who claim this
as an executive power.    But his claim is for an
unlimited and an unrestricted power, and he ex-
presses his wonder that Congress should have
confeired such a power upon hm.    In this, Mr.
S. said, he would most cordially join him; he
really wondered at the assumption of a power
which was not granted by the laws.    But suppose
' the Secretary had said in his report that the Piesi-
j dent ordered him.to remove the deposites, and he
I had done it in pursuance of such order, would this
