98                                    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Jan. 10.
Mr SELDEN said his motion was, that if there
was a surplus in the Treasury adequate to redeem
the debt, it would be better toaoply it to that pur-
pose than have it fluctuating in unavailable funds,
and if there was not sufficient in the surplus rev-
enue, that the deficiency would be supplied by the
sale of the bank stock
Mr STEWART said this would be a singular
remedy—to sell bank stock bearing an interest of
seven per cent , in order to redeem stock bearing
an interest of only five percent , making the coun-
try a considerable loser by the difference received
and paid
Mr MERCER, of Virginia, took the same view
of the question, and said jt would go to make the
country a loser of two per cent yearly on a much
laiger principal than the debt amounted to.
Mr POLK said, as the resolution was a mere
matter of inquiry, he could not oppose its being
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
That committee will judge whether it is expedient
to use'the surplus revenue (if any) to extinguish
the debt, or whether it would be well to dispose
of the bank stock that the national debt might be
redeemed
The resolution was agreed to—yeas 126, nays 81
The House, on motion, resolved that when they
should adjourn this day to adjourn over until
Monday next, and having refused to suspend the
rule by which this day is set apart for the consid
eration of private business, the following engrossed
bills were read a third time and passed
A bill for the relief of William Walker and the
hens of Samuel Brown,
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes;
A bdl for the relief of Alexander Boyd,
A bill for the relief of Ezekiel Foster,
A bill for the relief of the owners of the sohootier
Three Sisters,
A bill foi the relief of Philip Bessom,
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Rowe, deceased,
A bill foi the relief of Horatio N  Crabb,
A bill for the relief of Tohn G  Reynolds,
A bill for the relief of John Percival and others,
A bill for the lelief of Frances and Judith Taylor,
A bill for the relief of the íepiesentatives of
Geoige Hurlbut, deceased,
A bill for the íehef of the heirs of Presley
Thointon, deceased,
A bill for the íehef of Thomas Minor,
A bill for the relief of the repiesenlatives of
Enos Grannis,
A bill for the relief of John Lobdel!, and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones
1 he bill granting pensions to several persons
therein  named was taken up foi consideration
After some discussion,
Mr GILMER moved to recommit the bill, with
instructions so to amend it as to cause the pension
to LeslieCombs,of Lexington, Kentucky, to take
effect fiom the yeai 1832, instead of the year 1813,
(the time of the alleged disability )
Some further debate ensued     The question was
then taken   and the motion to recommit agreed
tc—yeas 109, nays 20
On motion, the House adjourned.
[In our report of Thursday's proceedings, it is
state 1, by mistake, that Mr CASEY reported a
"bill for thecontinuationo''the Cumberland road,"
&c , and a bill "for the location and survey of I
the Cumberland road," &.c These bills were
both reported by Mr SLADE from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals ]
[We omitted, in its proper place, to say that
Mr Bfnton concluded his remarks bv submitting
the following resolution, which he moved to insert
in lieu of the 2d resolution ofieied by Mr Clay
On the following day the resolution was consid-
ered and rejected ]
"Resolved, That Nicholas Biddle, Piesident of
the Bank of the United States, and-----------, be
summoned to appear at the bar of the Senate, on
the------day of------, then and there to be exam-
ined on oath touching the causes of the late large
curtailment of debts due to the Bank of the United
States, and the manner of conducting the said cur-
tailment, also to be then and there examined
touching the application of the moneys of the
bank to electioneering and political objects "
We hate received files of Buenos Ayres
and Rio Janeiro papers, the fotmer to the
19th Octoher, and the latter to the 15th
November, inclusive
Buenos Ayres was in a state of great
confusion and excitement. T e Goveinor,
on the 15th instant, issued a pioclamation
addressed to the inhabitants of the Prov-
ince, to the effect that if in time of tran-
quillity it be necessary for the Executive to
act so as to give confidence to the people,
and security for the preservation of con-
stitutional liberty, it was more than ever
so at the present moment, fiom the scan-
dalous insurrection promoted by some de-
luded men, and every measure would be
taken to restore older and tranquillity.
Troops had, in consequence, been ordeied
to the capital. Riots and tumult were
frequent in the city.
The Congress of Buenos Ayres, on the
15tli October, passed a law suspending for
fifteen days the liberty of the preso, and
forbidding, under the heaviest penalties,
the publication of any article of a political
nature in the journal  , the. editors are
compelled, therefoie, to withhold any
comment on passing events.
Another conspiracy against the Gov-
ernment of Chili had been discovered and
suppressed in the capital of that Republic
in Septembei last. Some discharged mil-
itary officers were at the head of it.
In an article on Rio Janeiro, in the Eng-
lish journal published at Buenos Ayres, a
complaint is mide that the Americans
have lately completely driven the British
out of the coffee maiket of Rio by their
superior enterpuse and skill in specula-
tion.—Bait. Daily Mv.
Another Invention —An article called
the patent India rnbbei floating mattress,
invented by J D Elliott It is cased with
India lubber water-proof cloth, and filled
in part with cork shavings. It is said to
be soft, elastic, and comfortable to sleep
on, and will not imbibe or retain infec-
tion or dampness. It will be a grand
article at sea or on rivers, as it is suffi-
ciently buoyant to support two persons,
and will keep six from sinking in the
waterf by laying hold upon it Commo-
doie Elliott, of the navy-yard, Boston,
recommends them highly as beds and as
life preservers.—JV*. H. Sped.
Louisiana —The message of the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana alludes to the dreadful
ravages of the cholera throughout that
State during the year, and of the yellow
fever immediately after, in the capital of
the State, and adds that the expiring year
is the most sickly that Louisiana has ever
expenenced since her first establishment.
It then pioceeds to congratulate the Le-
gislature on the universal restoration of
health, and the agncultural and commer-
cial prosperity of the State.
" The products of our agriculture," says
the message, " will equal those of the last
crop, our commeice has never been more
flourishing, and New Oileans, where edi-
' fices of the value of more than two mil-
I lions are now rising up, is every day
' acquiring a development woilhy of the
city vvnich must be considered not only
j the capital of Louisiana, but of the whole
valley of the Mississippi.
"The eAperts of New Orleans, for the
year 1831, will probably be as follows:
Cotton—45 900 bales, at $55.......$24,750 000
Tobacco—30 000 hhds , at $40......    ] ,200,000
Sugar—70,000 hhds , at $65 .....___    4 550,000
Molasses—4,500,000 galls , at 20 cts .       700,000
WeSern produce..................   5,400,000
§36,700,000
Deduct for home consumption.......   2,000,000
Total of exports for 1831......$34,700,000
" Of these exports, the produce of Louisiana and
the charges of transit will amount as follows
Cotton—180 000 bales, at $55.......$9 900,000
Sugar—70,000 hhds , at $65........    4 550 000
Molasses—3,500,000 galls , at 20 cts .       700,000
Charges on produce in transit, and on
the produce of Louisiana, exported
at........................   5,000,000
Total value of the produce and profits
of Louisiana....................$20.150 000
"To which may be added near $2,000,-
000 profits made this year by our mer-
chants on the last crop of cotton. Whence
it results that the produce of Louisiana
and profits of her commerce amount in
value to more than.one half of that of her
whole exports, and that New Orleans
alone realizes profits equivalent to one
third of the total proceeds of the industry
ot the State.
" The policy which England has just
adopted in relation to her colonies, how-
ever disastrous it may be to those intended
to be benefited by it, can produce no other
than a favorable effect on that branch of
our agriculture which, in consequence
of the eaily frosts which we have experi-
enced, is the least flourishing at the present
time The English colonies will, for the
future, produce less sugai, and the increase
which must necessarily take place in price
may compensate us henceforward for the
injury produced by the diminution of the
duty on that article."—Courier.
"When all other means fail in arresting
hojmorliage, a little oil of tobacco has im-
mediately succeeded. That which col-
lects in the stem  of pipes which have
been long smoked will answer perfectly.
The discovery was made by Humel, a
chemist at BerLn, and his mixture is eight
ounces of distilled water, two drachms of
oil of tobacco, and a few drops of ethenal
animal oil. This has been found so effect-
ual, that, by a recent decree of the Min-
ister of the Interior at Munich, all apothe-
caries aie ordered to keep it prepaied."
The back numbers of the Congressional
Globe are exhausted. Those° peisons,
theiefoie, who may subscnbe for it here-
aftei will receive only the number contain-
ing the proceedings of the week in which
their subscriptions are ? eceived at this office,
and all the future numbers as they ai e pub-
lished.
