THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,    BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1834.
Vol.1.....No 7.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Januaiy 13, 1834
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication fiom the Secretary
of theTieasury,in compliance with the resolution
of Mr Prli i\ GiiuY=Efc, adopted on Friday, which
was lead as follows
Treasury Department,
Januaiy 13, 1834.
Sir- In obedience to the íesolution ot the Senate
of the 10th instant, directing "the Secretary of the
' Treasury to inform the Senate of the construc-
' tion which has been given by that Department to
< the act passed at the last session of Congress,
' entitled ' An act to modify the act of the 14 Ji of
•July, 1832, and all other acts imposing duties on
' imports,' and also to furnish copies of such m-
* structions as may have been given to collectors
' íegulating their duty under said act," I have the
honor heiewith to transmit a printed copy of the
letter of instructions from this Department to the
officers of customs, dated April 20, 1833, stating
the pnnciples on which the duties were to be cal-
culated under the act of the 14th of July, 1832, and
that of the 2d of Maich, 1833, modifying said act,
and also a printed copy of the instructions given
by the Comptroller on the 26th ultimo.
No other instructions have issued from this De-
paitment in relation to the subject mentioned in
the resolution
Under the construction of the law as given by
the Department in the circular letter of April last,
the duties on manufactures of cotton, or of which
cotton shall be a component pait, are to be calculated
according to the act of the 11 h of July, 1832, and
the act of the 2d of March, 1833, reducing the
duty, will ooerate upon the rate of duty calculated
in the minimum principle; and mstiuctions will
forthwith be given to the collectors accordingly.
No decision has been made by the Department
since that of the 20th of April, 1833, before re-
feired to.
I understand from the Comptroller that his in-
structions were intended by him to carry into effect
that decision according to what he supposed to be
its intention.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,                   R. B. TANEY,
Seaeturyofthe Tieasury.
Hon. Martin Van Bufen,
Vice President of the United States, and
President uflhe Senate.
Mr. CLAY said he was glad to see that the
erior in the interpietation of the act of last session
was now corrected, and that new instructions,
conformable to the meaning of the act, would
issue. That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Comptroller had given to the act the interpre-
tation imputed to them, he had received, he might
say, a half peek of letters and communications to
prove, arid not only that, but also a communica-
tion from one of the officers of the customs in the
city of New York, informing him that such were
the instructions which had been issued to him
ñora the Depaitment He was glad to see that the
error was corrected,and that the construction given
would be lepealed, and otheis conformable to the
spirit and plain meaning of the act would be is-
sued. He moved the refeienceof the repoit to
the Committee on Manufactures
Mr CALHOUN added thereto the motion to
print
Mr FORSYTH thought the Committee on Fi-
nance the most appropuate committee. The
question involved had reference to the revenue
, alone He th refoie moved to amend the mo-
tion so a<; to send the lepoit to that committee.
It was veiy obvious that no decision of the head
of the Treasury Depaitment had been made on
the subject, except that which was nude in April
last by Mr. McLane—and i' seemed that in carry-
ing out the decision of the Secretaiv, the Comp-
troller was mistaken He thought the gentle-
man [Mi   Clav] was in error in supposing that
the Comptroller and Secretary were both equally
mistaken.          •
Mr. CLAY thought that, as it regarded the
reference of the report to the proper committee, if
the Treasury Department meant to do what they
said they would do, it was of no consequence
what committee it were sent to. But it related,
in a much greater degree, to the manufacturing
interests of the country than to the revenue. He
thought, therefore, that the Committee on Manu-
factures was the most proper committee. As
respected the adjustment of the mistake between
the Secretary and the Comptroller, the gentleman
(Mr. F ) might settle that as he thought proper.
But had the present Secietary been so devoted to
the removal of the deposites, and the regulation
of the present depositories of the public money,
that he could not attend to it' There had been
at least as culpable an omission in his not super-
intending the carrying out the instructions of his
predecessor as there was in the Comptroller.
Mr. FORSYTH replied, that he had no doubt
but the Secretary had been properly employed in
his official duties—what the nature of them might
be, he (Mr. F ) would not pretend to say. But
the gentleman from Kentucky himself had fur-
nished him with a good deal to do. The Secre-
tary certainly had not attended to the details of
this matter. They were properly left to the sub-
ordinates in the office. It would be impossible
for him to attend to the details in his office—that
would require ten men But he (Mr. F.) was
anxious the error, whatever it were, should be
fixed on the proper person, because it would do
him no harm As regarded the refeience of it to
the Committee on Finance, it was obviously the
most proper one, as immediately affecting the rev-
enue, for the minimum duties by this construction
were got rid of entirely, and great difficulty was
likely to be given in carrying it into effect, and it
would require some general rule to be made by
that committee on the subject.
Mr CLAY said there could not be the slightest
difficulty in carrying the act into effect The act
of 1832 subjects cotton fabrics to a duty of 25
per cent ad valorem, and a further duty, in the
form of mínimums, of 30 cents and" 35 cents. The
compromise act of last session provides for a bien-
nial reduction of 10 per cent, upon all duties im-
posed by pi evious acts He held in his hand a
calculation in figures, which was as clear as the
sun at noon-day, made by a collection officer him-
self, going to show conclusively that there was no
new legislation necessary, if the act was earned
out according to its plain import As to the de-
tails which it was said the Secretary could not
attend to, he (Mr C ) would say, that when im-
mensely impoitant duties, affecting the collection
of imposts on manufactures, were committed to
him, he would have thought he could find time to
attend to them. But if he could not find time to
attend to his duties as Secretaiy of the Treasury,
how was he able to attend to those duties which
were exclusively assigned to the Treasurer of the
United States>
Mr. TORSYTH would not attempt to defend
the Secretaiyfiom the gentleman, he was determ-
ined to find fault with him Mi r thought the
cucular of the Comptroller was the mei e practical
application of the iule as it was established, and
he was mistaken in it. It was not the Secretary's
duty to superintend the cairying out the provis-
ions of the act. l'he act declares that if the
duties shall exceed 20 per cent, on the value, a
reduction of one-tenth shall be made Now, what
is the value spoken of Upon what is the calcu-
lation to be made ¡> The minimum value is sup-
posed by the Treasury to be totally destioyed,
but the actual value of the article is to be taken
into view in fixing the duty.
Mr CLAY' said theie was not the slightest
change made in the ad valo-en The act of last
session assumes that the collection shall continue
the existence of duties imposed by ¡aw prior to
the act of last session.
Mr. PRESTON observed, that as far as the
South were concerned, they were disposed to carry
into effect the law of last session, in its plain and ob-
vious terms, whatever might be the consequences,
with the most perfect good faith. As regarded
the reference of this report, it was a quest.on ex-
clusively of revenue, and instructions to revenue
officers, and therefore most peculiarly appropriate
to the Committee on Finance It might be that
the law was for the purpose of fostering manufac-
tures; but as it now was, it was solely a revenue
law.
Mr. CLAY remarked, that as he waa perfectly
indifferent what committee the communication of
the Secretary was referred to, he would move to
lay it on the table, for the purpose of asking the
last instructions which had issued from the Depart-
ment on this subject.
Mi FORSYTH thought it would be more con-
venient for the committee to write for the instruc-
tions.
Mr CLAY said he wanted to see the instruc-
tions.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
And afterwards, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
it was ordered to be printed.
Mr BIBB, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, reported sundry bills, which were ordered to
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, containing a íeport from the several
banks of the District of Columbia.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lards, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Andrew
Knox; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Moses Shepherd;
which was read and committed.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by their Clerk, stating that they
had passed certain bills, and asking the concur-
rence of the Senate.
Mr KANE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported certain bills, which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram A.
Hunter, which was read and committed.
Mr WILKINS presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commeice of Philadelphia, ascribing
thepiesentpecumaiy distress of the country to the
i emoval of the deposites from the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, which, on motion of Mr POINDEX-
TER, was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read, and severally referred to ap-
propriate committees:
A bill for the relief of William Walker and the
hens of Samuel Brown, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John
Berrien, deceased.
A bill for the relief of George Huilbut.
A bill for the relief of Captain Thomas Ap Cates-
by Jones.
A bill for the relief of John L Lobdell.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Minor.
A bill for the rel.ef of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Presley Thornton.
A bill for the relief of Frances and Judith Tay-
| lor.
' Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs SHEPLEY, WRIGHT, WILKINS,
TYLER, and S1LSBEE, which, without reading,
weie severally referred.
The following resolutions were offered pending
the morning session, and lie one day
By Mr CLAY—
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
directed to inquire into the expediency of affording
