100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan   14,
The motion not being withdrawn, Mr. W.
called for the yeas and nay& upon it, and they
were ordered.                   ri?           .«^W
Mr. WILLIAMS.©* North CareiffiVlEoved
that the memb°r frajliE¡W hanlM&to submit
his information tAWe.House <£-£>v
TheCHAJ^aW the motion Was not in order.
Mr. TOrJtXJ&MS ¿fclflpnoved a call of the
House. VFied t03^gyr"76
The Clerk caU¿aa6e* roll, atfL 210 members
having answejad IflHneir naméSpm motion of Mr.
W ILLIAMgyhe contin jftge*of the call was dis-
M^yM>ERCER desired that the first article of
the amendment of the Constitution of the United
States be read before the question was taken
The Clerk read i , as follows:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an
« establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free
• exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
' speech or of the press, or the right of the people
'peaceably to assemble and to petition the Gov-
• eminent for a redress of grievances."
Mr. WHITTLESEY called for the reading of
the resolution under which the memorialist (Noah
Fletcher) was appointed to office, and it was read
by the Clerk.
The question then being taken on the motion to
lay the whole subject on the table, it was decided
in the affirmative, as follows—120 to 83:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Barnilz, Baylies, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, John Bell, James Blair, John Blair,
Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Brown, Bunch, Burd,
Burns, Bynum, Cage, Cambreleng, Carmicheal,
Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chmn, Claiborne, Samuel
Clark, Clay, Coffee, Connor, Coulter, Ciamer,
Bay, Dickerson,Dickinson, Dunlap, Fowler,Wil-
liam K Fuller, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H
Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M
Harper, Hat rison, Hathaway, Hawkins, «awes,
Heath, Henderson, Hubbard, Abel Huntingdon,
Inge, Jarvis, Richard M Johnson, Noadiah John-
son, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh,
King, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Law-
rence, Lay, Luke Lea, Thomas Lee, Leavite,
Loyall, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K.
Mann, Mardis, M. Mason, Mclntire, McKay,
McKim, McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller,
Robert Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Osgood, Page,
Parks, Parker, Patterson, Dutee J Pearce, Pey-
ton, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Plummer, Polk,
Pope, Ramsay, Schenck, Schley, Selden, Shinn,
Speight, Standifer, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turnll, Van-
derpoel, Van Houten, Waeener, Ward, Ward-
well, Webster, Whallon, C P  White—120
NAYS—Messrs John dumcy Adams, Heman
Allen, Chilton Allan, Ashley, Banks, Barber,Bar-
nnger, Bates, Beany, Bouldm, Bnggs, Burges,
Chambers, Chilton, Choate, William Claik.Clow-
ney, Crane, Crockett, Dailmgton, Amos Davis,
Davenport, Deberry, Demmg, Denny, Damns,
Dickson, Duncan, Evans, Edward Everett, Hor-
ace Eveiett, Ewmg, Fillmore, Foot, Foster, Philo
C. Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Gordon, Gorham,
Grayson, Grennell, Hiland Hal], Hard, Hardin,
James Harper, Hazelime, Hiester, Jabez W.
Huntingdon, Seaborn Jones, Lewis, Love, Mar-
tmdale, Marshall, McCarty,McKennan, Mercer,
Milhgan, Moore, Muiphy, Patton, Pinckney,
Potts, Reed, Rencher, William B Shepard, Au-
gustine H. Sheppard, Slade, Sloarle, Spangler,
William P. Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Tomp-
kins, Tweedy, Vinton, Watmough, Edward D.
White, Frederick Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey,
Wilde, Williams, Wise, and Young—83
On motion of Mr SLADE, of Vermont,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedí- ,
ency of placing the name ot  Joseph Plumb, of
BangorJ m the State of New Yoik, on the roll of
revolutionary pensioners
On motion of Mr DEMING,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establ shmg a post road from Dan-
ville, through Waklm and Lamaile village, in
Hardwick, to Wolcott, m the State of Veimont
On motion of Mr. MclNTIRE,
Re solved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post road from Great
Falls, in the State of New Hampshire, to Wells,
in the State of Maine.                                .
Mr. TURRILL submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into the expediency of causing
a survey to be taken of the coast of Lake Ontario
and of Lake Erie, in which shall be designated the
islands and shoals, with the places of anchorage;
and also the courses and distances between the
harbors, capes, or headlands, together with such
other matteis as may be deemed proper for com-
pleting an accurate chart of every part of said
coast.
Mr. GILLET moved to amend the resolution
by including " the river St. Lawrence, to the 45th
degree of north latitude," which was accepted as
a modification by the original mover.
Mr MERCER then moved to refer the subject
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, instead of the
Committee on Commerce; which was agreed to,
and the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr McKENNAN, of Pennsylvania, with con-
sent of the House, moved that it be
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be di-
rected to procure 300 copies of Elliot's Debates
on the adoption of the Federal Constitution, for
the use of the new members, and the residue for
the future disposition of the House.
Mr. PINCKNEY, of South Carolina, warmly
opposed the adoption of suchaiesolution,as being
contrary to law for the House alone, without the
sanction of the other two branches of tke Govern-
ment, to make any appropriations for any pur-
pose. He could see no reason why gentlemen who
wish to furnish their libraries With any particular
book, should do so at the expense of the nation.
If for theirown particular use, then why not them-
selves purchase desired works > He was so determ-
ined against all appropriations made for books,
in the manner proposed by the íesolution, that he
would move it should be laid on the tabie He,
however, waived pressing his motion, to permit
Mr CLAY, of Alabama, to speak on the sub-
ject This gentleman said that such a resolution
was directly against an act of last session, allotting
provisional funds for contingent expenses. That
act appropriated a sum for either House; that
for the Hoase of Representatives was $ 100,000
for contingent expenses, including printing, &c ,
among the contingencies. He said, therefore, that
the House had no power to act upon the resolu-
tion proposed.
Mr. HAWES, of Kentucky, considered that
the new members of the House had equal right to
obtain copies of the work as had the old. He
would ask one question—Did Mr. Clay receive,
or return the copy presented to him, which had
been ordered by act of Congress >
Mr WAYNE, of Georgia, moved that the res-
olution be referí ed to the Library Committee.
Mr ELLSWORTH, of Connecticut, did not
wish to renew the agitation of a topic so often
debated before; and which always produced the
same results He wished tnat the resolution should
be so modified as to call for only as many copies
as would be necessary to furnish each new mem-
ber with a copy
Mr PINCKNEY again pressed his motion to
have the resolution laid on the table, which was
lost by a large majority.
The debate was then resumed by Messrs
COULTER, SUTHERLAND, J Q,. ADAMS,
&c , after which the resolution was amended so
as to embrace sufficient copies not only of Elliot's
Debates, but also of the volume on the Land
Laws, and of the Journals till the end of the 13th
Congress, formerly published by order of Con-
gress.
Mr HARPER presented the memorial of the
Philadelphia Boaid of Trade relative to the depos-
itee, which was in part read, but owing to the
lateness of the houi and the pressure of business,
it was lefened to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Af'er the presentation of other petitions con-
cerning different individuals, or for purposes
merely local, from the membeis representing the
various Slates, m their customary order,
The House adjourned about 4 o'clock
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 14, 1834.
A message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. Donelson,
his Pnvate Secretary.
Mr. NAUDAIN reported a bill for the relief of
John Thompson, without amendment.
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, made a report upon the
resolution offered the other day by Mr Linn, in-
structing that committee to make an inquiry into
the expediency of carrying the mail between
Louisville, Kentucky, to St. Louis, Missouri, in
steamboats. Mr G stated that he was instructed
to move that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration. He thought it danger-
ous for Congress to legislate upon the subject.
It appeared an intrusion upon the privileges and
rights of the Department, and would lead to the
derangement of public business and establish a
bad precedent.
The report was adopted.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Scott, which was, on his motion, or-
dered to be printed
Mr BROWN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Thompson;
which was read.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. PRENTISS and LINN.
Mr. MORRIS presented the following resolu-
tions from the Legislature of the State of Ohio,
relative to the Bank of the United States; which
were read and ordered to be printed.
Whereas there is reason to apprehend that the
Bank of the United States will attempt to obtain
a renewal of its chaiter at the present session of
Congress; And whereas it is abundantly evident
that said bank has exercised powers derogatory to
the spirit of our free institutions, and dangerous to
the liberties of these United States, And whereas
there is just reason to doubt the constitutional
power of Congress to grant acts of incorporation
for banking purposes out of the District of Colum-
bia, And whereas we believe the proper disposal of
the public lands to be of the utmost importance to
the people of these United States, and that honor
and good faith require their equitable distribution:
therefore,
Resolved by the General Assembly of ihe Slate of
Ohio, That we consider the removal of the public
deposites from the Bank of the United States as
required by the best interests of our country, and
that a proper sense of public duty imperiously de-
manded that that institution should be no longer
used as a depository of the public funds.
Resolved, a'so, That we view with decided dis-
approbation the renewed attempt in Congress to
secure the passage of the bill providing forthe dis-
posal of the public domain upon the principles pro-
posed by Mr Clay, inasmuch as we be'ieve that
such a law would be unequal m its operations and
unjust in its results
Resohed, also, That we heartily approve of the
principles set forth in the late veto message upon
that subject; and
Resolved, That our Senafors in Congress be in-
structed , and our Representatives requested, to use
their influence to prevent the rechartermg of the
Bank of the United States, to sustain the Adimn-
ístiation in its removal of the public deposites, and
to oppose the passage of a land bill containing the
principles adopted in the act upon that subject
passed at the last session of Congress
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit copies of the foregoing preamble and res-
olutions to each of our Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress.
JOHN H. KEITH,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
DAVID T   DISNEY,
Speaker of the Senate.
January 2,* 1834
The following resolutions were offered, and he
one day on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing at some suitable point on the Ohio river,
within the State of Indiana, a marine hospital for
