104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
trict of Columbia; which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, with a report and some surveys by Captain
McNeil and others, which was ordered by the
House on the 24th ultimo; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals; and, on mo-
tion of Mr. EVERETT,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 15, 1834
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill author-
izing and regulating the transportation of acts
and laws of the beveral State Legislatuies in the
mails; which was read.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that he should
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the
benefit of South Hanover College.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the Secretaiy of War, stating the im-
practicability of furnishing the documents called
for in the case of Mountjoy Bailey, which was
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasuiy, lela-
tive to imports; which, on motion of Mi. WEB-
STER, was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. EWING presented the petition of certain
citizens of the State of Ohio, piaymg that slavery
may be abolished in the District of Columbia,
which was referred, without leading, to the Com-
mittee on the Distuct of Columbia.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the memorial of sun-
dry citizens of Maine on the same subject; which
had the same reference.
Mr. ICING, of Georgia, presented the memorial
of several citizens of Savannah and Macon, m
Georgia, relative to the construction of an iron
steamboat; which was ieferred to the Committee
on Finance.
Petitions, generally of a private nature, were
also presented by Messrs. EWING, WAGGA-
MAN, RtVES, SMITH, BELL, and WEB-
STER, which were severally referred, without
reading, to the usual committees
Mr. KANE gave notice that he should to-mor-
rowask leave to bring in a bill for the construction
of a canalfrom St. Andrew's Bay to Apalachicola
river.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Daniel Halsey and
William Palmer, which was lead.
Mr. POINDEXTER introduced a bill for the
relief of Elizabeth Magruder, which was read,and,
on his motion%referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr CLAY moved that certain papers which
had recently been discovered, belonging to Pas-
chal Hickman, be referred to the same committee
which had chaige of his petition.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Richard Wilde, deceased; which was read,
and, with the accompanying report,ordered to be
printed
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time, and
referred to appropriate committees:
A bill for the relief of John Webber;
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Alexander
Boyd;
A bill for the relief of Ezeltiel Foster & Co ;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the schooner
Three Sisters;
A bill for the relief of Philip Bessom,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joseph Rowe,
deceased;
A bill for the benefit of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company, [authorizes the construction
of a lateral road to the District of Columbia, and
appropriates $350,000 to that object ]
A bill for the relief of Hoiatio N. Crabb;
A bill for the relief of John G Reynolds;
A bill for the relief of Master Commandant John
Percival
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the Seeietary of the Treasury, m com-
pliance with a resolution of Mr SPRAGUE, ask-
ing information relative to tonnage employed in the
trade between the United States and the various
West India Islands, &c ; which, on motion of
Mr. WEBSTER, was ordered to be printed; but
afterwards, at the suggestion of Mr SHEPLEY,
Mr. FORSYTH moved the reconsideration of the
order to print, which gave rise to some conversa-
tion between Messrs. SHEPLEY, WEBSTER,
and SPRAGUE; when the question to reconsider
was lost
A message" was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk, stating
that they had passed certain bills, in which they
desired the concurrence of the Senate.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The resolutions offered yesterday and the day
before oy Messrs HENDRICKS-, POINDEX-
TER, MOORE, ROBBINS, and WEBSTER,
weie severally lead and adopted.
The resolution of Mr. ROBBINS, that the Sec-
retary of the Senate purchase fifty sets of the
Amencan.Annual R-gister, and deliver one set to
each memher of the Senate, being under consid-
eration, Mr. ROBBINS made a few explanatory
remaiks, wlvch weie inaudible in the gallery.
Mi SPRaGUE objected to the adoption of
theiesolution in us present form, and offered an
amendment, that the "copies be deposited in the
Libraiy of Congress "
Mr 1I1LL objected to the resolution. Hesaid
there was enough of tuch books in the libraiy to
answer the purposes of Congress Theie was no
paruculai merit in the work in question. It was
tin<;eil wuh. party feeling, and we might as well
pinchase, said Mi II , o'd files of newspapers.
Beside^, ioe work colli be had at the bookstores
for a gieat deal less cost, f<$l 750 )
On motion of Mr FORsYfíl, the resolution
was refrired to the Committee on the Libiaiy.
The joint resolution for the purchase of ten
copies ot the Laws of the United States, in seven
volumes complete, being the same laws which
were originally contained in the first six volumes
theieof, to be deposited in the library of Congress,
was ordered to be engrossed.
The following resolution, offered by Mr Mc-
KEAN, was adopted, the rule having been dis-
pensed with, which would have required it to lie
one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route fiom the
post office at Franklindale, m the county of Brad-
foid, through Granville or Spenyfield, to the post
office at Ridgeberry, in the State of Pennsylva-
nia.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
ROBINSON, which lies one day
Resolved, That the Committtee on the Judiciary
be instructed to lnqune into the expediency of
more explicitly fixing the amount of the fees of
the attorneys of the respective districts of the
United States, and of equalizing said fees accord-
ing to the services rendered
Mr POINDEXTER sated that he had yester-
day moved, and it was so ordered, that the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky, inquiring into
the expediency, by the Committee on Finance, of
"afibiding temporary relief to the community from
the present pecuniary embairassments,"should he
upon the table He stated that if it was the pleas-
ure of the Senate, or the wish of the gentleman
from Kentucky, he would now move to take the
resolution up; he preferred himself that the main
debate upon the resolutions of the same Senator
(disapproving of the couise of the Secretary of
the Treasury in removing the public deposites) be
allowed to proceed.
Mr CLAY assented to the wishes of the Sen-
ator from M ssissippi
The VICE PRESIDENT having announced
the special order to be
THE REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. CLAY on the 26A
ultimo.    _
Mr SHEPLEY then resumed his speech, and
continued until three o'clock, when he gave way
to a motion by Mr. KANE for an adjournment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 15, 3834.
The SPEAKER presented a letter from Mr.
DAVIS, stating he had informed the Legislature
of Massachusetts that he had resigned his seat in
Congress.
He also presented a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in accordance with tho
íesolution passed yesterday, relative to the rules
and regulations adopted by the Treasury Depart-
ment, in pursuance of the 9th section of the act of
July, 1832, on the tariff. The following is a copy
of the circular sent to the collectors from the Comp-
troller's Office:
Treasury Department,    )
Comptroller's Office, January 15,1834  )
Sm. In giving the instructions in the circular of
the 28th ultimo, in relation to the item of forty
bales of blue cotton cloths, I was under the im-
pression that, according to the views expressed
by the Secretary of the Treasury in his circular
of the 20th April, 1833, the reduction of duties
provided for by the act of 2d March, 1833, was
to be ascertained by calculating the duty ot 25 per
cent, imposed by the act of 14th July, 1832, on
the actual or real value of this description of
goods, instead of the minimum, or assumed, or
artificial value of 35 cents per square yard, when
costing less than that sum.
The Secretary of the Treasury has, however,
decided that such was not the intention of the
circular of the 20th April. 1833, and has directed
that the duty of 25 per cent , imposed by the act
of 14th July, 1832, is to be calculated on the min-
imum principle, or assumed value of such goods;
and that the duty of 20 per cent., under the act of
2d March, 1833, is to be estimated on the real or
actual foreign cost or value of such goods, the dif-
ference between the two amounts thus produced
constituting the excess upon which the one tenth
is to be deducted.
You will, accordingly, be pleased to makealter-
ations and additionsm relation to the item of forty
bales of blue cotton cloths, in the form of the im-
porter's entry subjoined to the circular from this
office of the 26th ultimo, in the manner specified
in the accompanying statement.
Respectfully,------------------, Comptroller.
Mr MUHLENBERG, of Pennsylvania, pre-
sented a bilí for the relief of the heirs and legal
repiesentatives of Philip Turner; read twice and
committed.
Mr WARDWELL, of New York, a bill for
the relief of Benedict Galvert and Robert Rush;
lead twice and committed.
Mr BAYLIES, a bill for the relief of the heirs
of P. Sampson, read twice and committed
Mr GRAYSON, a bill for the relief of Nathan-
iel Theresa; also, a bill for the relief of Henry
Whitney; committed
Mr POLK presented a bill from the Committee
of Ways and Means for the relief of Jonathan
Walker and John Clay De Kraft.
THE PENSION LAWS.
The order of the day was then declared to be
the resolution of Mr Chilton, to appoint a select
committee to inquire into the expediency of so
extending the general pension law as to embrace
within its provisions those persons who were
engaged in the Indian wars down to the year 1794;
and the amendment on it by Mr. Bodldin, to
appoint a committee to inquire into the moral
effects of the pen&ion system upon the commu-
nity, and how far it ought to be abolished or re-
pealed .
Mr. McCOMAS admitted that the effect of the
present pension laws is calculated to corrupt many,
but not a majority, or rather to corrupt some, but
not many But who will reject a law because in
its effects it may produce a few evils; although in
its general operation it is capable of producing ben-
eficial results, which greatly overbalance any con-
comitant evils' Such a principle, if adopted in
practice, would upturn the very foundations of
society itself. He sees no satisfactory reason
why the heroes of the frontier war should not be
entitled to the relief provisions of the pension laws,
and thinks the distinction between them and those
who fought in the Revolution to be invidious. The
soldiers of one period and campaign are well re-
