110                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Jan. 16,
But this refusal, in his estimation, would have
been a sufficient reason for his dismissal, and he
would for that reason alone have been dismissed.
He was an agent, and not an independent branch
of the Government, and he was bound in all re-
spects to give effect to the judgment of the Presi-
dent. But clinching office with a death-grip, he
at the same time opposed the will of the President.
As a subordinate officer it was his duty to aid the
President, instead of opposing him in the execu-
tion of the laws; and if his views did not permit
him to afford that aid, it became him to stand out
of the way.
It has been assumed that the Secretary of the
Treasury is the fiscal agent of Congress, and not
of the President.   The gentlemen from South
Carolina and Pennsylvania both concurred in this
position, and all those who had spoken on their side
of the question had expressed the same opinion.
He thanked gentlemen for being so intelligible on
this subject.   They make their whole argument
dependent on the position that the Secretary of the
Treasury is independent of Executive control—
that the -President has no right to control him in
the performance of his duties.    The order, pre-
judgment, and consideration with which the act
was done, has been said to characterize it as a le-
gislative act.    But these were not characteristics
exclusively belonging to any one department of
the Government, and it was not to be inferred from
the character of the act itself to what department
it pertained.   Let us look a little further and see
to what branch of the Government'the Secretary
of the Treasury belongs.   The allegation is not
that the act of removing the deposites is judicial,
but legislative in character.    It appeared to him
that it could not be legislative, for the reason that,
by the Constitution ¡ all legislative power was vested
in   Congress.    Congress was   the law-making
power, and it-was a power inalienable in its charac-
ter, not to be exercised through agents, but by the
legislative body itself.   The execution of these
laws depended on other branches.   The legisla-
tive power terminated in the framing and passing
of laws—their execution was confided to another
branch.    But three departments of power were
known to our Constitution—legislative, judicial,
and executive.    If the act of the Secretary was
neither judicial nor legislative, it must have been
executive.     Where was the   executive   power
lodged ?   The Constitution of the United States
vested it in the President of the United States of
America.   Not a part of the executive power, but
the whole mass, was lodged in the President alone,
and it could not exist elsewhere.   There it was
vested, and there it must remain until the Consti-
tution was altered by an amendment.    A law of
Congress could not transfer the power from the
President, in whom the Constitution has vested it.
Legislative and judicial power could not be exerted
by a substitute, but it was not so with executive
power.   The powers in the executive head may
be exercised by executive agents.   On the Presi-
dent devolves the high duty of seeing that the laws
be faithfully executed.   He, and not Congress,
nor the judiciary, nor subordinate officers, were to
discharge that high trust.   That all the executive
power should be exercised by one individual in
person was impossible, and the President had sub-
stitutes to give effect to his orders in every part of
the country.    No one man can take into view all
the cases to which the laws must extend, and hence
aids and assistants must be provided for their exe-
' culion.    War demanded its armed legions, and
the officers of the civil departments were-spread
into every part of the country.    It was perfectly
clear that all the officers of the Departments of
State, War, Navy, and Treasury were aids of the
President in giving effect to the laws of the country.
Hence, what was said by the Executive a few
years ago was well applied to them all.    It was
necessary that they should form a unit, that they
might oppose no obstacle to his execution of the
laws according to his own views.   The Secretary
of the Treasury could not, in the nature of things,
under the Constitution, beany otherthan an exec-
utive officer.    As such officer, all his official acts
must necessarily be of that character, and of course
subject to the final direction of the President, in
whom is lodged the whole executive authority.
Not that the Secretary was bound to obey illegal
orders; but that the exercise of judgment and dis-
cretion, in the execution of the laws, was conferred
upon the President, and upon him alone, and that
the President in the first instance is to determine
what is a faithful execution of the law.
But it is said by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDdffie,] that if this act of the
President be not arrested,it will certainly destroy
the liberties of the country. Why, sir, we have
heard acts of legislation denounced before from the
same quarter, and in the same terms. We hold
our liberties too cheap if they stand, in our estima-
tion, upon such a basis as the gentleman from
South Carolina has indicated. The tariff was de-
nounced in the same phrase. The bloody bill, so
called to frighten children, and render it odious
among the people, was also to put an end to our
liberties. But we yet live, move, and have our
being, and are in the enjoyment of as much liberty
as any other people in the world—the bloody bill,
the tariff, and political prophecy, to the contrary
notwithstanding. It was strange that this single
act should be considered as destructive to our lib-
erties. If the President is corrupt, let us impeach
him: but while he is the President, let him have
fair play, and fair treatment. We might canvass
his acts and pass judgment on them, without im-
puting to him corrupt and unworthy motives.
Other branches of the Government may impute
sinister motives to our acts, and any such impu-
tation of one branch upon another was reprehen-
sible.
The doctrine for which he contended was as
old as the Constitution, and was as well settled as
anything which pertained to the history of the
Government. The bank had kindly lent to us the
light of its instructions, and had informed us that
the act of the Secretary was a legislative act, and
the Secretary was independent of the President.
The opinion seemed to have been adopted here,
and was argued upon as one which was settled.
We were enlightened on this subject by the Rich-
mond resolutions, which tell us that the Treasury
is a legislative branch of the Government. We
must now go back and show how the Treasury
Department was organized, however uninteresting
may be the detail. In May, 1789, the House of
Representatives came to a resolution to establish
three executive departments, the heads of which
should be removable by the President. Bills were
brought in by the committee in pursuance of the
resolution on the 4th of June, for the establish-
ment of the three departments—of War, of Foreign
Affairs, and of the Treasury. The House acted on
these as executive departments, and intended all
as executive in their nature, and dependent upon
the Chief Executive. They were all run in the
same mould. The bill establishing the office of
Foreign Affairs was theone first acted upon. That
bill contained a clause providing that the Secretary
should be removable at the pleasure of the Pres-
ident. A motion was made to strike out that pro-
vision, and upon this motion arose the debate re-
ported by Lloyd. It was contended that the power
of removal ought to be exercised by the President
and Senate. The motion was negatived—23 to 34.
In this shape the bill was reported to the Housej
where two motions were made to strike out the
provision of removal, and to insert in another
clause the words " when the principal officer is
removed," &c. The mover [Mr. Benton] con-
tended that these words were a sufficient recogni-
tion of the power of removal, and the motions were
carried by the same vote which had been given in
the Committee of the Whole.
Thus the amendments proposed by Mr. Ben-
ton substantiated the principa that all executive
power is vested,constitutionally, in the President
as the head of the executive; and its being inserted
in the acts creating the departments merely proves
its recognition more plainly. Hence it is, there-
foie, that since that period, in the judgment of
the country and Government, this department has
been recognized as an executive department. No
new power was conferred by the bill; the old
power, conceded by the Constitution to the Ex-
ecutive, was but recognized or confirmed But it
was reserved for this dayand this bebate to ques-
tion the principles or deny the propriety of its
application.
Returning, however, to the bills constituting
(according to the resolution) the departments of
foreign Affairs, of War, and of the Treasury, he
thought that the enacting clauses of each bill elu-
cidates the meaning of the others, or the objects
contemplated by the Legislature of that period, in
instituting those departments. These bills were
passed by the same Congress, and at the same
period, and were founded on the same resolution.
Therefore the clauses of the bills creating the War
and Treasury Departments are to be interpreted
in precisely the same manner. Theactappointing
the Department of Foreign Affairs passed on June
24th, that for the War,Department on June 27th,
and that for the Treasury on July 2d, making
but an interval of eight days; so that Congress
certainly did not forget the clauses or meaning of
the clauses of the first act when it had passed the
last. Nor is it to be presumed that they meant
differently on the same resolution, when the acts
were expressed in terms precisely the same. There
is no change of opinions indicated in the recorded
proceedings of the day. Passing over the bill
appointing the War Department, we come to that
regulating the Treasury Department. Now, as it
has never been questioned that the War or the
Foreign Affairs Departments belong strictly to the
executive, not the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment, it cannot with good reasons be contended
that the Treasury Department belongs to the legis-
lative, not the executive branch. In ail these de-
partments a head is appointed, with powers to
nominate his subordinates; and over all is the
control of the President, expressed in his being
empowered, as the Constitution had asserted, to
appoint and remove these heads of departments
as he judged best for the public interests. There
is equally a recognition of the heads of the depart-
ments; there is equally a power of removal.
Again, during the same session of Congress, an
act was passed regulating the salaries of the execu-
tive departments; and in this act are specified the
salaries of the different Secretaries, with their sub-
ordinates; among whom are classed the Secrets--'
of the Treasury with his subordinates; evidently,
therefore, recognizing the Treasury Department as
a department of the executive government.    In-
deed, all the acts of the first Congress are thus in
accordance.   They exhibit an indication of the
same principle, of one fact, one truth, that the
Treasury Department is a branch of the executive
government; and that the head of that department
is amenable to the power of the head of the exec-
utive.   Nor can we form this conclusion from the
acts only of that Congress; but we find the same
indication of principle interspersed in the discus-
sions on those bills us reported in Lloyd's Debates,
much of which has been before referred to, as
clearly proving the agreement between the sayings
and doings of that Congress.   Ames says that the
Constitution has placed all executive power in the
hands of the President; and that if it were posri-
ble for him to perform all the executive duties,
then would he alone engross all executive power.
But as this is impossible to be done by any one
man, he is obliged to employ auxiliaries for the
various operations and minutiae of Government,
subject to his control, but removable whenever he
loses confidencein them. To the same effect speaks
Stone, when he says that the President appoints
agents or subordinates for the convenient despatch
of'business.   And so says Mr. Madison, when
asserting that, by the Constitution, the President
is bound to see that the laws are faithfully execu-
ted; and,if so, that it is therefore indispensable he
should be invested with sufficient power to accom-
plish this end.   But if the officers of the executive
departments are independentof the President,and
these departments are armed with separate or dis-
tinct powers, he could not see how the President
could effect theobjectdesigned in the Constitution.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania thinks
differently from those gentlemen.     He says, in
answer to the argument, that if the President is
empowered to see the laws properly executed, and
that therefore he extends his control over the de-
partments, he may extend it also over the judici-
ary, reasoning that, by a  known rule in  logic,
wnat proves too much proves too little.    But that
gentleman forgets that the President is empowered
to judge of the means whereby the laws are exe-
cuted in the executive branch of the Government,
as he is responsible for their faithful performance;
but he is not bound to adjudge concerning the
means employed by the judicial. True, he has the
