1634.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
formidable as an institution like the United States
Bank' Could he suppose that a portion of the
public moneys, amounting to no more than foi'r
millions, distributed among the State banks,cculd
seduce them to be the tools of the Executive?
What was lately seen in Virginia in regard to this
matter' The deposites were not considered there
so great and desirable a boon as was supposed.
But he would say to that gentleman that this was
not the true issue presented—it was not the alter-
native. He admitted that when the plan of a
metallic currency, which would do away with the
necessity of a United States Bank, should be pre-
sented, that then the question of constitutionality
of the bank would come up. Mr. R. thought
nothing was more practicable than this. There
was íonerent vice in a paper currency which it
was the duty of every patriot to provide against,
it was a vice, too, which was not obviated by the
operations of the United States Bank—a vice
which the Constitution, as a hard money Consti-
tution, intended to provide against Mr. R
thought the means by which the metallic currency
might be established would be easy; but first the
Bank of the United States should beputdown,and
then, by correcting the inequality in the relative
value of gold and silver, gold would take the place
of small notes for travelling and other ordinary
purposes, the small notes might then be discoui-
aged, and the revenue of the country prohibited
from being paid in notes under the denomination
of ¿10 or ^20 Believing that this grand reform
was called for, and that Congress ought to pi epare
the way for it, he would pledge himself to intro-
duce a plan for that end. The issue was now
piesented between the Constitution having m view
a metallic currency and the Bank of the United
States, he was anxious that the preliminary meas-
ures should have their effect. Yet, notwithstand-
ing all this, if he could be persuaded that the faith
of the Go\ernment had been violated by the |
removal of the deposites, he would vote, at all
hazatds, to sustain that faith. The act of the '
Government, of necessity, involved the whole
conduct of the bank, and brought it up for consid-
eration. His idea of the power given to the Sec-
retary of the Ti easury was, that it was to be exer-
cised by him in case of any misconduct whatevei
on the part of the bank.
In answer to the argument that the bonus paid
by the bank was the consideration given for the
deposites, Mr R. contended that it was given as
the quid pío quo for the chartered privileges, the
banking monopoly; the Government having re-
strained itself from establishing any other bank;
that the deposites were not considered as a source
for enlarging its discounts indefinitely, nor as a
privilege or advantage altogether, but a charge for
safe-keeping, and further, that it was the intention
of the Govei nment to reserve to itself, by the 16uh
section of the bank charter, the absolute control
over the public moneys, that the Secretary had
the general authority to deposite or withdraw them
whenever he should think propei; that it was
most extiaordmary thafCongress was not more
explicit in their language, if their meaning had
been otherwise than to give the broadest and most
extensive power to the Secretary, The language
was as general as it could be to empower the Sec-
retaiy to remove, for any reasons glowing out of
the conduct of the bank. Mr R. then went into
a detailed account of the conduct of the bank in
relation to the payment of the three per cent Gov-
ernment stocks, amounting to six millions. That
although it had due and timely notice from the
Secretary of the wishes of the Government in this
particular, and although it had nine millions of
public money in its vaults, it was unable or
unwilling to pay six, that at the bank's request
tne Secre ary postponed the time of payment, and
then, when the ultimate day of payment was ap-
proaching, it sought to attain its object in another
manner to thwart the wishes of the Government
by seciet arrangements with her creditors That
by these acts it pioved itself incapable of paying,
and mtei posed to defeat the great ob)ect of the
Government Mr R contended that if, in making
this arrangement, the bank had become insolvent,
the Government would have lost then funds, and
therefoieth s conduct itself was sufficient to justify
the removal of the deposites Mr R argued at
length upon the palpable violation of the charter
by the bank, in excluding the Government direct-
oisfiom a participation in its affairs; thattheGov-
ernmen t stock was entitled to a representation, that
those directors were provided by Congiess foi that
purpose, that the charter required the business of
the bank to be transacted by not less than seven
members, and yet that the whole business of dis-
counting was confided to the committee, on ex-
change, composed of directors elected by the pres-
ident himself; that the whole of its operations
were coveied by a veil of impenetrable mystery,
and that the manifest object of Congress in seeking
to guard against such an event, by providing the
transaction of business shou'd be by seven direct-
ors, was frustrated and lost. He further contended
that the institution was designed for the good of
the people and the nation at large, and nothing else,
anJ above a'l things it ought to abstain from the
politics of the country Yet in a period of sixteen
months its private accounts rose from forty to sev-
enty millions of dollars, all of which was justly
considered by the President and Secretary as
having been done for political effect, since it was
this enormous extension of its loans which pre-
vented the bank from paying her honest debts.
And in answer to the argument that these loans
were made necessary by the extraordinary amount
of imports at that time, he contended that excess
was stimulated by the excessive liberality of the
bank. Then the authority given to the president of
the bank to expend its funds for the pui chase and
circulation of political pamphlets was unexampled
in banking operations. It was apublic institution,
and had no right to make any such defence, except
as regarded the public interests. The press and
the various other public channels by which public
opinion could be operated upon, were amply suffi-
cient for defending it Some of the publications
which had issued at its expense, particularly that
alluded to by the gentleman fio-n Missouri, was
filled with party politics throughout, and with the
most abusive epithets and eoaisest ubaldry The
interests of the bank weie involved in the elec-
tions^—its profits depended upon its recharter. It
was the first instance in banking where a political
fund had been placed under the direction of the
president foi any purpose. He was glad the at-
tention of the people had been called to the subject
by tne Executive, and he should regret if Congress
would countenance such an appiopriation of its
funds. He thought enough had been said to show
that the bank had foifeited all claim to the advant-
ages of the deposites, that the Secretary was justi-
fied in removing them; and having shown a legal
authority in him for doing the act, he might termi-
nate the discussion, but that it was necessary to
consider certain grave and important constitutional
questions which had been urged.
Mr R then proceeded to reply at length to the
chaige of the Executive invasion of the legislative
power over the purse—the alarming cry of the
union of the purse and sword     What, he asked,
I was the power of the purse'    It was the power
' of raising a fund by means of taxes, and appro-
priating it     In England the sword was in the
hand of the King.   He had the power of declaring
war, although the Parliament withheld or fur-
nished the supplies as they pleased.   It was not so
here    All this was withheld from the President,
and placed within the power and control of the
Congress of the United States, both the purse and ¡
the sword were in Congress     Before the United '
States Bank was established the Secretary of the
Treasuiy could  deposite  the   money where   he
pleated, and was this an encroachment on the |
public purse >    In reply to the argument that the
bank itself was the Ti easury, Mr   R contended I
that if it were so, it was only so sub modo—while
the Secretary choose the money should remain |
theie.   But this was a mistake.   Tne Treasury '
had no fixed locality, it was not a given place,but
the chaige and condition of keeping the moneys. I
The Treasury was where the moneys weie, in the
j lesal custody of the Treasurer     By the act estab- ,
lushing the Treasury Department  the Secretary
was  required   to   furnish a true  account of the
1 moneys in the Treasury, not in any one bank or ,
particuhr place, but wherever they might be
! Whit, then, he inquired, was the true effect of the
| iemoval of the deposites' Wei e they not in the
i Ti easury, subject to the control of the Treasurei '
I Were they any more out of the Treasuiy in the ,
State banks than in the United States Bank' And
yet we were told they were in the uncontrolled
power of the President of the United States, and
general denunciations were uttered against the
Executive for the exercise of this power, which
were not justified by a sober view of the case.
Mr. R. read more at length from the opinions
of Patrick Henry, part of which had been cited
by Mr. Clay, to show that those opinions were
not many manner applicable to the removal of the
deposites. He also adverted to the argument that
the President had not only usurped the power of
the purse, but had interfered with the appropriate
duties of one of the departments. He said he
was as much opposed to the executive power as
any man, but he would always maintain the proper
distribution of power made by the Constitution.
Mr. R. then went into an elaborate exposition of
the theory of executive power. He reverted to the
debates in the Convention of 1789, which forme'd
the Constitution, to show that the members of that
enlightened body were in favor of a single execu-
tive head, to whom was committed a sole and
undivided responsibility; that throughout the de-
bates it would be seen that the Constitution, and
not the laws, gave the President the power of
superintending and controlling the officers of Gov-
ernment in the performance of their duties. He
read from the opinions of Mr. Jefferson, Mr.
Madison, Fisher Ames, and others, expressed in
various letters and public documents, proving that
they considered the Chief Magistrate as responsi-
ble for the acts of all the executive departments;
that this responsibility was looked to as the great
security of the people; and that of consequence he
possessed the unqualified power of superintending
and controlling the executive departments; and
that his general duty was, to see that the laws
were faithfully executed, not by force, but by the
intervention of the subordinate officers of Gov-
ernment.
Mr EWING then took the floor, and moved
an adjournment; which was carried.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 1834.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Franklin, its Clerk, stating
that that House had passed several bills, the titles
of which were read, and the concurrence of the
Senate asked.
Mr. BIBB, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of the executor
of Stephen Morris, deceased.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented" the fol-
lowing resolutions, passed by the Legislature of
New Jersey, which were read -and laid upon the
table, and, on motion of Mr. HILL, were or-
dered to be printed:
STATE OF NEW JERSEY.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Whereas the present crisis in our public affairs
calls for a decided expression of the voice of the
people of this State, and whereas we consider it
the undoubted right of the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States to instruct those who represent their
interests in the councils of the nation, in all mat-
teis which intimately concern the public weal, and
may affect the happiness or well-being of the peo-
ple. Theiefore,
1    Be it i esohed by the Conned and General Assem-
bly of this Stale, That while we acknowledge, with
feelings of devout gratitude, our obligations to the
great "Ruler of nations for his mercies to us as a
people, that we have been preserved alike from
foreign war, from the evils of internal commotions,
and the machinations of designing and ambitious
men, who would prostrate the fair fabric of our
Union, that we ought, nevertheless, to humble
ouiselves in His piesence, and implore His aid for
the perpetuation of our republican institutions,
and for a continuance of that unexampled pios-
penty which our countiy has hitherto enjoyed
2    Resolved, That we have undiminished confi-
dence in the integrity and firmness of the vener-
able patriot who now holds the distinguished post
of Chief Magistrate of this nation, and whose
purity of purpose and elevated motives have so
often received the unqualified approbation of a
large majority of his fellow-citizens.
