THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE    CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,    BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1834.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 27,1834.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. Uonelson,
his Private Secretary.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSFN rose to present a
memorial of the citizens of Newark, New Jersey,
on the subject of the agitations in the business  and
cunency of the country.
Mr. P. said the memorial was signed by 1341
citizens of that place, comprising the great mass
of the business population of that place, without
distinction of party, or political feeling, deplonng
the late direction ot theSecietary of theTreasury,
to which they ascribe the shock which the public
credit and confidence has sustained. Itproclaimed
the voice of the hardy sons of honest industry in
that place, who feel that a severe b'ow has been
struck at their interests and prosperity. Mr. F.
thought there v/as no political economist on earth
who would not agree with them, that when this
blow was struck, it was such a bio was would pro-
duce the effects complained of. And why v/as it
not so' At that period we had arrived at a cusís,
as has been most appropriately and ti uly said by
other gentlemen, of the most unexampled pros-
penty, when public business and pursuits were
stiamed to the utmost stretch of public confidence,
and a stroke at this must affect the whole credit of
the community He said the memorial was signed
without distinction of party, that it was far above
paity; and it was so. The paper contained the
names of some of the President's best friends, who
had adhered to him through good and through evil
report. What motive could they have for making
such lepiesenlation' What motive could any Sen-
ator have to pluck a feather fiom his crown' They
would lathei (he spoke with confidence for lum
self) add another laurel to his well earned v/ieath,
not as a victory, but rather that he should íetrace
a step which had proved so calamitous to the
country Mr F. would wish to peisuade him that
such a course would place his fame far above the
leach of calumny. It was strange it did not occur
to him, wnen he was fulmi.iatirg his anathemas
against the bank, that their effects never would
reach it. There sits Mr. BiJdle, in the presidency
of the bank, as calm as a summer's morning, with
his directo's around him, receiving his salary,with
everything moving on harmoniously: and has this
stroke reached him' No, sir. Tae blow has Mien
on the fuends of the Piesident and the country
But he thought the sympathies of every Senator
wou'd be excited when he called it to the recol-
lection of the Senate that himself and his col-
league had íeceived instructions fiom the respect-
able Legislature of New Jersey, lelative to the
course they should pursue upon this question—■
instructions, in teims unequivocal and not to be
mistaken, requiring them to approve thecouiseof
the Secretary in the lemoval of the deposites
The subject v/as one of great interest, and he
paused to ascertain the claims and character of
those who had given the instructions Was the
Legislature invested wuh a powei to instruct their
Senators here what to do' No: if so, we had
better change places. He felt that he trod en deli-
cate ground, but he was not afiaid of it Wheie
the Liegislatuie pronounced the full expi ess-ion of
public sentiment, he would feel himself bou id to
give that expt ession his support, or to afford them
an opportunity of chousing some one who would
comply with then wishes Bat whde he held in
one hand the instructions of the State lepresenta-
tives, he held in the odier a much deeper and
louder voice, that of the people They u>eie pei-
fect antipodes to eich othet. Wheie, then, shall
we go' And he would say, he would eo for the
people, where their will could be ascei tairte I. By
this'he was wilbng to use or fall, and ne felt that
he should be sustained in it by his constituents
But he would not leave this subject without ad-
mitting one exception. It v/as no part of his be-
lief that a Representative must follow the voice of'
9
his constituents, or resign his trust. But he thought
there were occasions when the public exigencies
required that such a charge must be thrown upon
him, and, in such a case, he had nothing to con-
sole him but the vindication of his own conscience.
In this instance he would follow the diptates of his
own judgment, and he believed he should be sus-
tained by his constituents, in winch, he thought,
his coHeague joined him The reasons for the
difference of opinion between the resolutions of
the Legislature of his own State and himself, he
would not now give, but he designed, at some
future time,, to ask leave of the Senate to state
them.
He requested that the memorial should be read;
which being done, he moved its reference to the
Committee on Finance, which was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Secretary of the
Treasury, in conformity with the resolution of Mr.
Benton, inquiring whether the Secretary had
received recently reports from the directors of the
Bank of the United States. The department was
not in possession of the information sought for by
the íesolution.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the committee of con-
ference of the two Houses on the appropriation
bill, made aiepoit; which, on his motion, was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed. Mi.
W. lemaiked that the committee had agreed, and
when the lepoit was called up, he should explain
the leasons which led to that íesult.
Mi bILSlSEE presented the memorial of sun-
diy citizens of Boston, praying the establishment
by Government of marine seminaries; which was
reieiifcd to the Committee on Naval Aliairs.
Mi. POINDEXTER, agiecably to notice, m-
tio 'deed a bill foi the benefit of the inhabitants
of Payetteville, in the county of Washington,and
Teiiitoiy of Á i Kansas; which was lead and re-
tened to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mi POINDEXTERpresented amemonalfrom
the Legislature of Mississippi, asking Congress
fur a giant of land for the constrac'ion of a canal;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. POINDEXTERalso presented a memorial
from the same Legislature, piayipg that public
lands which might remam undisposed of for two '
years after they were thrown into maiket, might |
be surrendered to the counties in which they were ,
situated, for the purposes of education.
Mr  POINDEXTERalso presented a memorial
from the same Legialatuie, praying that ceitain I
modifications may be made m the act constituting
the City of Natcnez a poit of entry, which was
referre 1 to the Committee on Finance.                     j
Mr. POiN DEXTERalso presented amemorml '
fiom ihe^ameLegislatuie, piaymgaid in the con-
stiuction of a load through the interior of the
Suite, a'so suggesting some íegulationm thetians-
portation of the mads, and to make Vicksbuig,
on the Mississippi, a poitof entry, which v/as re
fened to the Committ e on Roads and Canpls        '
Mr POI\DEX CER also presented amemonal
fiom the same Legislature, asking that provision
may be made changing the location in ceitain
cases of school lands, which was refened to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mi   UPTON, agreeably to notice, introduced*
a bill to enable the inhabitants ct Michigan Tem-
toiy to ñame a uuisuiutinn pieparatjiy to admis-
sion into the Union, wh eh Ho read and referred
to a select committee of ine
Mr. Tii>to\, Mr Grundy, Mr Porter, Mr
NAUDAiv.and VIi   Ew,\r,,composethecommittee
Mr LINN tn>de a report horn the Committee
on Enrolled Bills.
Pe'itiotis v/ei  presented by Messrs ROBIMNS,
WEBSTER, KANE, and SOUTHARD, of a
piivate natine; wh.ch weie leterred to the uaual
committees
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of in-
habitants of several ot tbe waids m the city of
Washington, asking Congress to make an appro- '
Vol   L.-.No. \
piiation to macadamize certain streets and avenues
in said city; which was referred to the Committee
on the Distnct of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making appro-
priations foi the Cumberland road passing through
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; which
was read a first nvd second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT here announced (he
special order to be the motion of Mr. CALHOUN
for the repeal of the Force bill
Mr. CALHOUN not feeling disposed to inter-
rupt the debate now in progress on the removal
of the deposites, declined calling it up, but inti-
mated that he should do so this day two weeks.
The resolutions offered on Friday were adopted,
with the exception of that of Mi. POINDEXTER,
calling for the mfoimation from the Secretary of
the Treasury relative to the public lands, Mr.
FORSYTH having made a statement of the causes
which prevented the Commissioner of the Land
Office from complying with the call of the 19ih of
December.
Mr. POINDEXTER was under the impression
that the Commissioner had misunderstood the
character of the information sought for; and from
the statement of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Fousyth,] had gone into unnecessary labor. The
resolution meiely called for abstracts. He hoped
in a few days the Senate would get the informa-
tion, and he theiefoie «hould not press the subject,
and moved that it be laid upon the table; which
was sgited to.
The VICE PRESIDENT then announced the
special oidei of the day to be the
REMOVAL OP THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. FOPvSYTII rose and addressed the Senate
until the usual hour of adjournment; when, with-
out concluding, he gave v/ay to a motion for ad-
journment
On motion of Mr. MANGUM,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Junuuiy 27,1834.
Mr. LYTLE, of Ohio, presented a memorial
containing resolutions fiom a meeting of citizens
in Cincinnati. The memorial stated that the reso-
lutions had been passed at a meeting convened by
a call from upwards of six hundred citizens. The
resolutions urged the re^toruiion of the deposites
to the United States Banls; and concluded by a
resolution that their 1 epresentative in Congress be
iti'iiuc'cd to support the prayer of the petition.
On presenting the memorial, the following re-
marks were made by Mi   Lttll:
The Ilou'-ewi'l discover tb^t by this memonal,
I am specially inUiuclcl to sustain the views of
those who have pitsenied (hat pij er. As a pub-
he servant, at.know!eJ_ tig as I do the u^ht of the
people to msti act the 1 LlepresenlatiVc, and pledged
as I am, and ever wish to be, to sustain mat doc-
trine to its fullest legitimate extent, I c'aim the in-
dulgence of tin-- House, wh'ie I as¡>i<"n a few rea-
sons why 1 am coi «named to question the right
of my nistructois, in this pmi ular instance, to
instiucf me as they have done, and dis'mctly to
dec \ie that Icaii'v!,andiidl not,obey them When
the voioeuf a mijotUy 01 my constituents is heard
t j J11 eo me. in u e path of .ny legiblatu e duties, it
sh1!' le moat luipliciily obeyti', 1 will promptly
yie!d lo that authopt* . and if I cannot conscien-
tiously pursae .'s mándate, I wii( be tne last man
on eann to onstiutta fan e\piesMon of tne pop-
ula' wi'l But It 1 owins, as 1 tic, that 'h3se reso-
lutions only emm'i'e 'rom a mmonty. a meagre
miPO'!ty,or those ch.rfl , wt.o opposed my election,
too, 1 would be most tai'rles  to the ptinciples
winch f have hete (¡e laied should evergotern an
hones ¡ep e-entat've, if 1 d'd obey them. No, sir, .
1 ha/etbu&eproofs wnil 1 lenow,which deilased,in
a 'anguage not to be misunderstood, that upon this
subject my constituents are still with me in feeling
