1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
Mr WHITTLESEY leported bills for the re-
lief of Samuel Butler, and ol Fiancis Lasselleand
otheis
Mr BINNEY,a bill making appropriations for
the support of West Point Academy for 1834,
also, a bill to extend the provisions of the act to
lelease ftom duty non intended, and actually used,
for the purpose of railroads, &c
Mr SUTHERLAND, bills making appropria-
tions for life-boats, light houses, beacons, monu-
ments, and buoys, for 1834.
Mr. BELL, of Ohio, a bill for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Swain
Mr. CAMBRELENG, a bill to repeal certain
duties on goods imported, &c.
Mr. HUBBARD, a bill authorizing the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury to refund certain dutieSFpaid
on goods imported by D. Watson & Co.
Mr. WARD WELL, a bill authorizing the Sec-
letaiy of War to establish a pension agency at
Milledgeville, Georgia; and
Mr. POLK, a bill making appropriations for
the support of the army for 1834. All which bills
weie read twice and committed.
Mr POLK, ftom the committee appointed by
the House to meet the committee appointed by
the Senate, to confer on the disagreement.of the
House to the amendment proposed by the Senate
to the bill commonly called the House appropria-
tion bill, reported that the committee had unani
mously agreed to strike out that part after the 16th
section of the bill, and proposing for adoption, in
lieu thereof, in substance, viz: that neither House
shall subscribe or purchase any books, &c, in
future, unless an appropriation shall be especially
made for that purpose, that ¡$5,000additional shall
be appropriated to the joint library of Congress,
and that all books and printing, heretofore ordered
by either House, shall be paid for out of any
moneys not otherwise appropriated. Mr. Polk
having moved to refer the report to the Committee
of the Whole on the state oí the Union,
Mi. J. Q, ADAMS rose, not to offer any ob-
jection to the report itself, but to inquire as to a
qjestion of order, whether the conferees had the
right to submit the proposition just read' It
seemed to him that they had entered upon an en-
tirely new subject. An appropriation to sub-
scribe to the library, which had not any reference
to the question upon which the disagreement took
place—the power of either House to make appro-
priations for the puichase of books, for if it was
in order for them to do this, he thought they might
as well have repoited a complete and general ap-
propriation bill
The SPEAKER said that there was nothing in
the report to prevent its being sent to the com-
mittee. The subject-matter of it was a question
upon which the House were to decide He
thought that the proposition might have been en-
tertained by the committee of conference, as being
connected with the subject upon which the House
had disagieed, namely, the punting and purchas-
ing of books, but it was for the House to say
■whether the committee of conference had trans-
cended the powers vested in them by the House
Mr POLK remarked that the propositions were
substantially connected with the subject-matter in
dispute between the two Houses. The committee
having u lammously agreed that, m future, neither
House should use their contingent funds for the
purchase of books, &c , it had been suggested to
them that there might arise a necessity to purchase
various impoitant works foi thelibrary, for which
there would not be adequate funds, and as this
concession did not arise from the giving up of an y
pnnciple, but was necessary to promote that har-
mony which should ever cast between the two
Houses, they had agreed to recommend that an
additional subscuption of $5,000 should be made
to the Congress libraiy for that purpose for this
year. Someof the Libraiy Committee happened
to be on the committee of conference, and tne ap-
preciation had been consideied coming within
tne duties assigned them, and connected with the
same subject.
Mr. WILDE inquired if he was to understand
that a decision had been made as to the pomt of
order'
The SPEAKER repeated, that it was for any
membei of the House, when the leport was m
committee, to urge objections if he thought proper.
The report was then referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
House suspended the rule, and went into that
committee, Mi. CLAY in the chair, for the pur-
pose of taking it up.
Mr. FILLMORE asked for the reading of the
clause
Mi FOOT called for the reading of the entire
bill     It was read accoidingly.
Mi WILDE said, although he would not object
to any subscription to be made for the Library, yet
he apprehended that the committee of confeience
having been appointed for a certain puiooseonly,
it was not competent tor them, under such limited
authoiity, to recommend to the House to strike
out any part of a bill which had previously re-
ceived us sanction. There was, in fact, no differ-
ence between the present recommendation for the
subscription to the library, than if it had been
submitted as a distinct pioposition; however good,
therefore, was their intention, it was manifest
that they had exceeded their authority, in conse-
quence of which excess, their acts, like the acts
of other agents, became void.
Mr. EVERETT contended that the lines recom-
mended to be stricken out formed an integral part
of that which was the subject of disagreement, and
that the committee had not gone beyond the point
assigned them.
A desultory conversation then arose, in which
the power of the committee of conference to make
the recommendation, &c , was combatted by
Messrs. WILLIAMS, ARCHER, FOOT,and J
a. AD A MS, and sustained by Speaker STEVEN-
SON and Mr. POLK
A motion was made by Mr. WILLIAMS, for
the committee to rise, and was negatived—ayes 05,
noes not counted
The question was then taken on the committee
concuriingiu the report, and decided m the affirma-
tive—yeas 88, nays 79
The comamttee thereupon rose and reported the
same to the House; and,
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS,
The House adjourned.
Bohtha Laws, deceased; which was read a first
and second tune, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed
Mr TiPTON gave notice that he should, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to enable the
inhabitants of Arkansas to form a constitution pre-
vious to tne admission of that Territory into the
Union.
A communication was presented by the CHAIR
from the War Department, in relalion to the de-
struction of the beacon on S'ee'e's Ledge; whicn,
On motion of Mi SHEPLEY, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a communication from the same depart-
ment relative to the number Of Indian emigrants;
which,
On motion of Mr. WHITE, was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed
The bill establishing land distncts m the State
of Illinois was read a second time, and,
On motion of Mr. KANE, was refeired to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Ml. WRIGHT, from theCommittee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Martha Bailey and
others, with an amendment.
Mr. BROWN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Henry Warrow.
Petitions and memorials were piesented by
Messrs. MOORE, McKEAN, TIPTON, and
SWIFT.
The following bills were read a third time and
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 28, 1834.
A message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by Mr  Donelson, his Private
Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting certain documents relative to the removal of
the deposites from the Bank of the United States,
which,
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, was laid on the
table.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from cer-
tain citizens of Pennsylvania, approving the course
of the Secretary of the Treasury m removing the
deposites, and praying that they may not be re-
stored to the Bank of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr.FRELlNGHUYSEN.from the Committee
on Manufactures, reported a bill relative to duties
upon hardware; which was read.
Mr KING, of Alabama, temporarily occupying
thechair, piesented a communication from theSec-
retary of the Treasury, in compliance with the
resolution of Mr. Shepley, calling foi information
relative to the amount of tonnage employed in the
| West India tiade.
I     After the letter had b°en i*ad a*d scnssion en-
! sued,in which Messrs SPRAGUE.SHEPLEY,
KN1GH r, and S1LSBEE participated, when the
i comnjumcation and documents weie referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordeied to be
printed.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr Feínkiin, its Clerk, ac-
companied with sundry enrolled oilU which had
íeceived the Speaker's signature.
Mr TIPTON presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, praying for the estab-
lishment of a harbor within the limits of that
State, which was refened to the Committee on
Commerce
Mi TIPTON, ftom the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the administrator of
A bill for the relief of Joseph M  Harper;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Shirbley.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
TALLMADGE-
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
declaring by law the effect of hens of judgments
obtained in the courts of the United States, and of
limiting such liens to the same extent as judgments
in the supreme or superior courts of tne several
States.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order
of the day, being the
REMOVAL   OF THE DEPOSITE3.
Mr. FORSYTH resumed, and concluded hia
speech.
Mr. SPRAGUE and Mr GRUNDY simulta-
neously rose to move an aojournment The Chair
decided in favor of Mr. SPRAGUE, upon whose
motion
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Januai-y 28, 1834.
The standing committees reported bill —
For the relief of the heirs of William Pollard;
For the relief of Sutton Stephens;
For the relief of Thomas D.xon &, Co ;
For the relief of John Barton,
For the relief of Noah Chittenden;
All of which weie refened to the Committee of
the Whole House, and made the order of tne day
for Wednesday
On motion of Mr HALL, of North Carolina,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of taking immediately such measures as may re-
store a metallic cunency of gold and silver coins
to the country, and, at as early a day as piactica-
ble, leport on the subject by bill.
On motion of Mr  McKIM,
ResoLed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to mquie into the expediency of making
anappropuation for the purchase of a site, and the
erection of a marine hospital, in or near the city
of Baltimo'-e.
On motion of Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania,
Revoked, Tnat theCommittee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route, commenc-
ing at the Spring; House, in Montgomery county,
thence by Auiff's to Heisier's Tavern, on the Al-
len town load, thence by Thomas White's, Franco-
ma Post Office, Gerhart'b Tavern, Trumboweis-
ville,Everhart's,HeiL?el's,toFrysbury,ontheold
Bethlehem and Allentown road, m Lehigh county.
