134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of the
Legislature of North Carolina, praying that the
title to Indian lands lying within the boundaries of
that State may be extinguished; referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FRELlNGflUYSEN presented another
memorial, signed by about one hundred citizens
of Newark, New Jersey, b;ing similar in its char-
acter to that submitted by him yesterday; which,
without being read, was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. W1LKINS presented two petitions from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the abolition of
slavery within the District of Columbia; which
were referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr.WiLKlNSrose to present a petition which
had been transmitted to him on the great subject
which was now agitating Congress and the coun-
try. The petition was most respectably and nu-
merously feigned by citizens of the city and vicin-
ity of his residence, his neighbors and friends—
though not his political friends—and was productd
in consequence of what he had said the other day
on this subject. At the meeting which was held
in Pittsburg,and which was very respectably, and
lie would say numerously attended, a resolution
was passed which bore on him for an expression
which he used on the occasion referred to, and out
of that meeting grew the petition he held in his
hand. It represented that he was mistaken in his
remarks, and that they were received at Pittsburg
with the utmost regret and astonishment. They
represent that distress exists in the westerncountry
to a very great extent, and they ascribe it to the
hue removal of the Government deposites from the
United States Dank. He did not know that they
spoke of the actual distress existing, so much as
of the alarm and consternation which prevails, and
the distress which will arise from the removal o!
the deposites.
The petition attributes the breaking up of the
internal and domestic exchanges and the business
of the western country to the removal of the de-
posites. Cut, notwithstanding the respectability
of the meeting, and the facts stated in the petition,
he did.not acquiesce with them in the bciiel thai
the distress did prevail in the western country to
which he referred. He admitted that the commerce
and business of that country had been interrupted
by the measures which had been adopted by the
Bank of the United States in consequence of the
removal of the deposites. Cut his constituents
were mistaken in ascribing this derangement of the
western exchanges to the removal itself, and for
this reason, because the resolution of the Bank of
the United States, which broke up the western
exchanges, passed the direction of the Bank of the
United States two months before the removal, and
the distress complained of is founded on rumor.
This resolution passed on the 13th August. A vol-
vmiaiy and unnecessary act on the part of the bank
produced these effects, and broke up the western
business.
The bank had the whole internal exchange of
the country in its own hands, and by one stroke
of the pen it was all broken up, and dissolved on
the 13 li of August before the deposites were re-
moved at New Orleans.   Why, sir, these mistakes
were very natural, and likely 10 occur when gen-
tlemen assembled in a tavern lo  decide on great
constitutional questions.    At this meeting gentle-
men vvereappomied to give their opinions on these
lmporiuutqijestions/m which thegreatestdiversity
of opmam  exists here.    The resolutions of the
gentleman from Kentucky are of amost grave, in-
tricate, and difficult character to decide; and yet,
at this mee;i ¡r,-i committee of five gentlemen are
appointed, who retire to a bar-room,perhaps,and
thence repoit resolutions deciding these most im-,'
¡lortant national questions.   They allege that there i
was no authoiily m the Secretary of the Treasury '
for removing the deposites; and that, on this point, j
it was a m >st unwarrantable assumption of power. ¡
if these remaiks had  been applied to the Presi-|
dent there would haye been some plausibility in |
them.    But when declared of the Secretary, that I
no law or authority existed for this assumption of I
¡lower, they were as mucn mistaken as when they
say that the internal exchanges were broken up by
the lemoval of the deposites.   There is no distress
in the wcitciQ couiitry. tie woald tell his constit-
uents to look at their bank note exchange list; to
their prices current, their grain, their flour, their
coal, their glass, and to the whole circle of their
manufactures; to their sales of real estate since the
removal of the deposites, and it will be seen that
they are mistaken.  Prom the day when the French
and Indians first settled there to the present time,
the highest prices have been since tlie removal.   He
¡ was mortified that the intelligent enterprising citi-
] zens where he lived should believe their prosperity
I depended on the United States Bank or the State
banks.   Their means and resources are infinitely
beyond what the bank can control. Let them look
at their machinery, their fuel, their raw material,
their enterprise, theirindustry, their steam power,
their capital, which the bank cannot deprive them
of.    He would ask them to depend on their own
> skill,industry,and enterprise, which were sufficient
1 to place them far bsyond anything the bank could
! do against them.  Tnere was another fact, which,
j as Pennsjlvama was deeply interested in it, he
i would allude to.   lie observed in the published list
! of the prices of stocks that those of the State of
Ohio were at 112, while those of Pennsylvania were
¡only at 101.   Why was there this difference? This
' quotation was from the Philadelphia prices, regu
j lated by the Philadelphia brokers, who have an m-
| teiest in the depieciation of the stock cf Pennsyl-
i vama.   Dut why is she placed by her own city, and
j her own met:..polis, in this mortifying situation?
| Either of the stocks are reimbursable at the same
| period.    Bat with all respect for the enterprise of
; our sister State, Ohio, he asked why was this dif-
! ference?   May it be net ffleeted by a combination
j between the brokers of Philadelphia?   Pennsylva-
I ma is looked on as debatable ground at this time.
| Jtis designed to operate on the Legislature of the
J State to induce them to act for the purpose o^ com-
¡i ¡jelling a restoration of the depositee.    But it will
¡j not do.    He thanked the gentleman from Massa-
ji chusetts [Mr. Webster] for the complimentary
I j allusion to Pennsylvania, made in his remarks the
ij otherdvy.   And liev/oulJ assure him Pennsylvania
II  would go on with her great system of internal im-
I; provements.  No combination of ¡my kind or ehar-
l dder could «top her till she shall tlepuveher neigb-
|| bor, the emphe State, of the great western trade
lj which she now enjoyed. Under the supefintend-
I: enco of a wise, vigoious, and economical State
¡' administration she would proceed. Weweronow
¡Í eng.iged in an honorable emulation for the rich
!| dowry which Ohio now holds m her lap; and thf=-y
Ij would proceed till they had secured it.
II lie moved that the petition be read, and then
b referred to the Committee on Finance.
i| Mr. WEBSTER sail he was not in his seat
!¡ when the gentleman [Mr. Wilkixs] began his
reuniks.    ¿lit he understood tnat the memorial
i which had  been presented was respectably and
I   numerously signed by citizens of Pittsburg, com-
j! plaining of the late Treasury measures. These per-
'! sons, thus respectable and numerous, declare that
jj they experience severe evils and great distress.
j! The gen:letmm, their representative, denies it, and
j] says "they feel no distress at all.    Now, when the
II  patient is in ;>goiiy,and the doctor says he is per-
il fecily well, one of two things follows as a matter
¡I of course: it is either a confirmed case of liypo-
¡' chondna, or there is a want of skill in the pracli-
l! tioner.    fie proposed to look to the diagnostics
and the prescription, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether the patient was crazy, or whether the
physician did  not understand the case.    Dut as
there was not time now before the arrival of one
o'clock, when  the special order wou'd be taken
I tip, for him (c make the few rcmaiIrs which  he
I proposed in reply to the gentleman, he would move
¡ to lay the memorial on the table till to-morrow,
I when he would ask the indulgence of the Senate
j for a few minutes.
!     The motion was agreed to.
!     Mr. WEBSTER asked permission, which was
j granted, to take up the bill reported by the Cora-
'. nuttee on Finance to enable an enterprism" indi-
| vidua! in Georgia to import a quantity of iron free '
' of duty, for the purpose of making an experiment j
' in the construction of an iron steamboat.    The '•
I bi'l was considered, and ordered to be engrossed '
for a third reading.                                       °             j
OUDERS OF   THE  TlAY.                      j
The resolution of ¡Mr. TALLMADGE, sub- ''
mitted to the Senate yesterday, was taken up and
adopted.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. TIPTON,
HILL, and LINN; which were severally referred
to the usual committees.
The following bills were ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time:
A bill for the relief of John Bids, with an amend-
ment.
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small.
[After thisbill had been ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, Mr. POINDEXTER, after
making several remarks, and expressing a wish
that a principle involved in it might be settled, as
several other bill  were in a similar situation, moved
the reconsideration of the order which had just
i been taken.
| Some remarks were made by Mr. KANE, chair-
; man of the Committee on Private Land Claims,
i in reply; when
j Mr. FORSYTH suggested that there was no
i need of a reconsideration, as the argument which
i the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. P.] wished
I to make, might be offered to the Senate upon the
i passage of the bill; upon which
! Mr. POINDEXTER withdrew his motion with
the understanding that the bill would not betaken
up during his absence.]
A bill making appropriations for certain roads
in Michigan Territory,-with an amendment;
A hill for the relief of Calvm Smith;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas II.
Boyle;
A bill for the relief oí the heirs of Lawrence
Milhgan.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order
of the day, being Mr. CLAY'S resolutions upon
the
REMOVAL OP THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. SPRAGUE  addressed  the  Senate tmti1
half past three o'clock, when he concluded -«hia
speech.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
WtujiESDAi, January 29, 1834.
Mr. CASEY reported a bill for tne relief of
: Joseph Bates; and
!     Mr. CLAY, a bill for the relief of Samuel II.
. Dobson; which  were severally read  twice  and
committed.
j     Mr. BOCKEE reported-a bill to incorporate the
: Columbian plorticultural Society in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice and ordered to
I be engrossed for a third reading.
I     Mr. C. P. WHITE reported a bill to restulate
the value of certain foreign silvercoin in the United
States.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS inquired if there was any
report accompanying the bill from the commit-
tee?
Mr. C. P. WHITE replied that there was not,
as the subject had been reported upon by the com-
mittee two sessions ago.
xhe bill was then read twice and committed.
Mr. J Q.. A DAMS said thatas many new mem-
bers complained they were not enabled to procure
a work, ihe publication of which was ordered by
the last Congress, and which was essentially ne-
cessary for them to have, he was induced to submit
a resolution on the subject now, lest any difficulty
might arise hereafter as to its being procured, by
the new understanding, as to the provision in-
serted in the House appropriation bill, in respect
to the purchase of books, &c.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be di-
rected to purchase a sufficient number of copies of
the Legislative and  Documentary History of the
D-uik of the United States to lurnish one copy to
each member and Delegate who was not a member
of the last Congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GORHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee orr the PostOff.cc
and Post Roads be instructed to irquire into the
number of failures of the mail between the city of
Washington and thecity of Boston, in -Massachu-
setts, which may have occurred witliin the last
