136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 80,
■whether the decision of Congress was correct, but
of finding means to carry out the predetermined
will of the Executive. Was this all? No, sir.
Such was the hurry to complete the removal, lest,
perchance the representatives of the people should
a"ain oppose it, that it was ordered before the
arrangements which were deemed necessary with
the State banks had been completed. It was ad-
mitted by the Executive that certain arrangements
were necessary to the removal of the deposites;
but he would not await their progress, lest Con-
gress should interpose and prevent the execution
of his will. The Executive had hoped to obtain
the aid of Congress in the execution of his scheme.
He was disappointed. Has he then stopped and
laid aside his plan ? No. It wa3 his character to
defy all obstacles which were opposed to his will.
The President assumed the responsibility, and
said to his executive officer, Do this thing, or I
will remove you. Suppose the President had
signed the order with his own hand for the re-
moval ? There was no man in the country who
would not have regarded it as a gross outrage.
Suppose the Secretary of the Treasury had said
that he had acted in obedience to the President,
and that that was his reason for the act. Suppose
he had said that he knew the act to be wrong,
and hostile to the interests of the country, but he
had done it because the President ordered him to
do it, or quit his office. How would that report
have sounded in this Hall? It would have been
received asan insult and an outrage by every per-
son who holds a seat here. What is the case now?
This case has not occurred, but something that is
not very far short of it. He knew well it was sup-
posed that there were in this House men who
wear the harness of party. He did not say it was
so; but if it were true, he was sure that those
manacles would be rent asunder and hurled at any
Executive or any Secretary of the Treasury who
should .come here with such a reportas he had
supposed. Añera few words moreMr. A. yielded
the floor to
Mr. GRENNELL, who expressed a hope that
the House would indulge the member from Vir-
ginia with an adjournment, as he was laboring
under evident indisposition.
The House then adjourned.
JN SENATE.
Thursday, January 30, 1834.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in compliance with the
resolution of Mr. Poindexter of the 19th De-
cember last.
Mr. KANE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of an
individual whose name was not distinctly heard
by the reporter.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted to the Senate resolu-
tions of the State of New York, approvirg of the
course of the Secretary of the Treasury with re-
gard to the removal of the deposites. Mr. W. in
presenting the resolutions addressed the Senate as
follows:
I hold m rny hand, Mr. President, and am about
to ask leave to present to the Senate, certain pro-
i eedii)<rs of ilie Legislature of my Siate, in ivhich
that beciy expresses its sentiments in regard to the
removal (as it is called) of the public moneys from
their deposite in the Hank of the United States,
mads by order of the Secretary of the Treasury;
in repaid to the rscharter of the Bank of the Uni-
te.! States, and in regard to the existing pressure
upon the money market in some portions of the
country, vith iu> views of the character and causes
of that pre <eui c; and in which, also, the Legislature
expresses ¡is pleasure ¡is to the course which the
representative!! of the Siate, upon this floor, shall
pursue when culled to act upon these questions.
f >i prcsen'io;, a few days since, the proceedings
of hmi'ed porti ins of the people of their respective
States upon the same subjects, honorable Senators
took occasion, no doubt properly, to inform the
Senate of the number, character, and standing,
pcliticalas well as personal, of those whose senti-
. ments ¡luy Inn! before us-; to tell us as well who
t :ey wen*, as who tney were nit. 1 beg the in-
dulgen.;:: of ihs-Si.u.;, >'. h:\z, ÚJÍIo*ir,g the exam-
ple set me, I detail some facts in relation to the
body whose proceedings it has become my duty
to present, tending to show the extent to which
the proceedings themselves claim the respectful
attention of Congress.
The whole number of members allowed by the
Constitution of the State of New York to its Le-
gislature, is one hundred and twenty-eight mem-
bers of Assembly and thirty-two Senators. The
members of Assembly are apportioned to the fifty-
five counties of the State according to their respect-
ive population, and the whole territory is divided
into eight districts for the election of Senators,
each district having four, and electing one of the
four every year. The proceedings which I am
about -to present, were passed in the House of
Assembly by a vote of one hundred and eighteen
for, to nine against, and in the Senate by a vote of
twenty-three for to five against them; thus show-
ing the very unusual occurrence, that of the one
hundred and sixty members elected by the people
to that Legislature, one hundred and fifty-five
were present and acting upon these interesting
and important questions.
But, sir, if this unexampled strength and una-
nimity of expression be entitled to weight, and it
surely must be, while authentic evidence of public
opinion is allowed an influence in our deliberations,
that weight is greatly enhanced by the peculiar cir-
cumstances attending the expression. All these
members of the popular branch of that Legislature,
and eight of the thirty-two Senators were elected
during ttTe first week in November last, one full
month after the removal of the deposites, while
the vote shows that more than thirteen to one of
the members of Assembly voted for, while but one
of the eight Senators, thus elected, voted against
the resolutions. Still the strength of this vote,
taken as an expression of public opinion, will be
much increased by an examination of its territo-
rial distribution.
It is well known here, and throughout the coun-
try, that the extreme western district of the State
of New York has been unhappily, but most se-
verely, agitated, in consequence of an outrage
several years since committed against the liberty,
and probably upon the life, of a citizen. The
effects of this outrage have been, not only the
engendering of the most bitter domestic feuds, but
the partial establishment of a geographical line of
separation in feeling between that and the other
sections of the State. It is, however, a source of
high gratification to myself to be able to state, as
I trust it will be of pleasure to liberal-minded men
to learn, that this unnatural warfare of feeling is
most rapidly subsiding; that the deep wounds
which have been created by it, in the social rela-
tions of that otherwise highly-favored section of
the State, are healing fast, and that the time is not
distant when the evidence of its existence and
effects will entirely disappear. In this section of
the State, however, not an expression of complaint,
as to-the pecuniary pressure, has been heard, and
from the best advices, 1 believe that, at this mo-
ment, its business relations of every description
are in a more prosperous and easy condition than
they have ever before been. Yet to the west and
northwest must we look for every vote against the
resolutions, and to this section alone for eleven out
of the fourteen of these votes. The remaining
three are, with one exception, senators not elected
at the election of November last, but in previous
years, and all are located beyond the reach of the
present pressure—in the agricultural, not in the
commercial sections. In those portions of the
State embracing our great commercial emporium,
(and which ! think ¡ may, without arrogance or
presumption, style the commercial emporium of
the United States,') and the extensive cities of Hud-
son, Albany, Troy, Schenectady, and Utica, and
an almost endless number ofincorporated trading
towns and villages, all surrounded by a dense,
intelligent, and watchful population," amount-
ing together to at least one million eight hundred
thousand souls, there was not found a single
member of the popular branch of that Legislature
absent from his seat, or not with cheerfulness and
alacrity recording his name in favor of the reso-
lutions. Of the hundred and twenty-eight mem-
bers composing this branch of the Legislature, it
is wormy of remarle that the cuy of New York
alone elects eleven, &nd that every representative
from that city, in either branch of the State Legis-
lature, responds to the resolutions which 1 now
lay before the Senate.
Of the members of this Legislature, personally,
it is not my intention to speak. Trie situations
they hold, and their public acts, are the legitimate
evidence of the capacity and respectability of the
individuals. It is as the organ, upon this occa-
sion, of this deliberative body, representing, as
they do, two millions of freemen, nearly the one
sixth part of the entire population of the Union;
a population, too, as commercial—nay,sir, I may
say more commercial—and employing more capi-
tal, than any other portion of the country, and col-
lecting and paying into the national treasury a full
one third of its whole revenue; a people having
as deep a stake, pecuniary and otherwise, in the
prosperity of this country, and as firmly and ar-
dently devoted to its welfare as any other equal
portion of its citizens; it is as the organ of such
a body, representing such a people, that I submit
to the Senate this part of their public proceedings
—that I ask to place their almost unanimous
opinions as to the conduct of-the President, of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and of the United
States Bank, upon your files, by the side of simi-
lar expressions from the States of Ohio and New
Jersey; also by the side of different expressions
from portions of the people from Boston ¡¡ind New
Bedford, in Massachusetts; of Salisbury, in North
Carolina, and Newark, in New Jersey, and such
other expressions of opinion as are, or as may
come, before the Senate upon the subjects; and at
this interesting crisis in the affairs of our common
country, I respectfully solicit from the Senate that
consideration for these proceedings of the Legis-
lature of my State which a liberal, just, and un-
prejudiced estimate of the views and feelings of
any respectable portion of the citizens of the coun-
try may demand, and no more.
Here, sir, I might resume my seat, and I should
do so'with pleasure, were it not that a part of what
1 have felt to be an imperative duty upon this
occasion remains to be performed.
In presenting the proceedings of a meeting of
a portion of the town of Boston, the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts availed himself of the
occasion to express his own views as to the exist-
ence of a public pressure, of its cause, and of the
appropriate mode of relief. He went further, sir,
and called upon all, and especially upon those who
sustain the Administration upon this floor in rela-
tion to the change of the deposites, to give their
views as to the future as well as the present pos-
ture of the pecuniary affairs of the country. As
an individual, and as one considering it one of my
highest duties to sustain the Administration in this
measure, I am ready to respond to the Senator
with entire frankness; but in thus accepting his
call, I must not be understood as for one moment
entertaining the vain impression that opinions and
views pronounced by me, here or elsewhere, will
acquire any importance because they are my opin-
ions and my views. I know well, sir, that my
name carries not with it authority anywhere, but
I also know, that so far as I may entertain and
shall express opinions which are, or which shall
be found, in accordance with the enlightened
public opinion of this country, so far they will be
sustained, and no farther.
Following, then, Mr. President, the example
which has been set for me, I shall abstain from a
discussion of controverted points, so far as that
can be done, and enable me to state unreservedly
my opinions, and to make my views intelligible.
First, then, as to the fact of an existing pressure
upon the money market: 1 believe that the recent
extensive and sudden curtailment, by the Bank of
the United States, in the facilities for credit, which
had before been lavished upon the community,
has caused very considerable embarrassment to
those in our commercial cities, who had extended
widely their moneyed operations, and who had
made themselves dependent upon these facilities;
but, at the same time, I believe that these incon-
veniences have been in an unimportant degree,
either directly or consequentially, extended 'to
other chsses of eiiizens. I therefore believe, fur-
ther, that the extent of the pressure has been
greatly exsggerated.and that the motives for that
exaggeration are to be found, primarily, in the
belief that the present Administration  may bs
