1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   141
eral Hamilton derive this right'   Congress had
not spoken on this subject,    it was part of iiie
executive duties, and now we hear it proclaimed,
that because the President had selected some of trie
State banks as depositories of the public money,
he has broken into the Treasury and seized and
plundered us contents.    In  General Hamilton's
time Mr. Haoersham,as had  been significantly i
sáid, made his  breeches pockets the depository |
of the public money; and y el, at that day, when i
there were as pure patriots as now—Jefferson, i
Madison, Ames, Sherman, and the Adamses— j
latently watching and looking to the administra- j
tion of public affairs, they saw nothing dangerous
in this.    It may be said, however, that there was |
no  party  spirit  then.    But  when  party  spirit [
raged, as it did at the latter part of Hamilton's
administration, there  were no  complaints then.
The department had always been  managed as it
now is, and the Government could not operate in '
any other way      In 1791, when Congress estab-
lished the first Bank of the United States, were
not the executive powers of the Government then J
ascertained'   Mr. Hamilton was then controlling
and  regulating the  transmission of  the public
money from place to place, and Confess did not '
then provide that the deposites should be made in i
the bank.   If this had not been an improper use i
of the executive power, would not Congress have
discovered it then,and required them to be depos-
ited in the bank'    When they made the bank !
they did not require it, and why not'    Because J|
the executive department of the Government was j,
charged with the collection and disbursement of
the money, and held responsible for it.                      j
Having shown that, prior to 1816, Congress ¡
made no provision for the deposite of the public  (
moneys, he proposed to inquire whether anything ¡ |
had been done since on the subject.   It was right  '
and proper for Congress to decide whether the
bank was or was not the proper pla.ee of deposite,
and when that was done, when they said the ex- i
periment should be made, they also made a pro- "
vision, lest the bank should act unwisely, or lm- ij
properly, that it should be so unless the Secretary
should order and direct otherwise.    A set of ex-
pressions more powerful to clothe the Secretary
with full power, could not have been devised.    If
it had been intended that nothing should be au- |
thonty for him to remote the deposites but the
danger of the public money, and that that should f
be the only reason for it, it was the easiest thing
in the world so to have declared.    Who, then, can i
construe powers so general as to level them down
to a particular case' llewassurpnsed thatthegen-
tleman from SouthCaiolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] pos-   j
sessin°- such powers and compass of language, and
so eminently possessing the multum in paivo in
his writing and speaking, could draw such an ar-  ,
gumentfiom such a clause.   And is it likely that '
that gentleman, and otheis of that day, who par-
ticipated in the passage of the bank charter, would
have given the power to any men to be used for
such dangerous purposes' He could guenocredit
to it.    He believed the power was given to the
fullest extent, and it had been used by eveiy Pies-
ldent of the United States, and if the presentCr.ief
Magistrate was an usurper, so was every Piesi-
den?, from  the organization of the Government
down to the present t,me.    Talking of executive
usurpation, he asked, was it never seen when the
chaiter was to expue, that Congress never devised
a place for keeping the public money '    It was a
strange disregaid and neglect of pubhc duty.   But
the explanation ot  it is, that the chaige of the
money was an executive duty.    How weie your
loans made last war'    Did Congress make tnem '
No.    The Executive raised the money, and took
it, and disbursed 't to. your sold'ers and sadors.
How do you erect fortifications but by the Exec-
utive'    Every expenditure is made by the Chief
Maltrate, under a law.    Now, to show these
measures of the President and  Secretary were
nothino- new, but had been dune by Mr Gallat.n
Ion" before, and by these same tiansfer diaits,
too? which were so obiecuonaule, he referred to the
14 h volume of the State Papers, document 40.
I Here Mr. G. read an extract to show that the
public money had  been diawn and deposited in
tneStateoanks ] Ai d how was it done'he asked. ,
Why, by the executive authority.    This was the
case now. The draft was drawn in the usual form;
for instance, on the Bank of the United States in
favor of the Manhattan Bank, and the money
placed to the credit of the Treasurer of the United
S.ates there; it is put there for legal disbuisement,
and is only a change from place to place. He was
surprised, therefore, to hear that the Traasurer had
violated his bond for this act, when he was bound
to draw his draft at the requisition of the Secretary.
If the Government has a million of dollars in a
State bank in Tennessee, where thei e is no branch,
what can the Treasurer do with it? The Secre-
tary has ample authority to say when and wheie
it shall be placed. But the Bank of the United
States has delivered up the money on these trans-
fer drafts, and why have they done it' ^ hall it
be said that it was done out of respect to theTieas-
ury ' But it has refused to deliver up the pension
fund m its possession when required. He only
mentioned this to show that where the bank
thought it had a right to retain the public money,
it did so. Had the cashier of the bank said, you
have no right to take this money' No. But it
has merely objected that certain rules were not ob-
served in remoimg it. So that the bafík has given
up the controversy. Did not Mr. Crawford loan
money to a considerable amount to banks in
Georgetown and Alexandria' He did; and it was
for the purpose of enabling them to protect them-
selves from the pui poses of the Bank of the United
States, and that act was approved of, although a
loss of some forty thousand dollars accrued to the
Government from the failure of one of them, and
yet his fame did not suffer by it. But further au
thonty is at hand; that of Mr. Rush, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury under the late Administra-
tion; he has said that the Piesident did possess
the power of iemoval,and that it was safely vested
in him. Mr G. thought he might say, then, that
pnoi lo 181G, the President possessed and exer-
cised the power of removal, and that theie was
nothing in the act of 1S16 to repeal or gainsay
it.
Then as to the second branch of the subject,
whether the time for the removal was well select-
ed And here he would say distinctly, that if he
was in favor of the recharter, he would vote for
the restoration of the deposites, for he could see
no difference in the questions. But suppose to-
day the deposites were to be restored: would you
not cramp and embarrass the State banks, and
afterwards in March, lt>36', we should have to go
through the same operation? And if it be true that
distress were produced by one removal, another
removal then would bring utter rum upon the
community. Now, as he intended to vote against
the recharter, it was useless to attempt to disguise
that this was a question of recharter. What claim,
then, he would ask, has this corporation upon
Congress for a recharter? Moneyed monopolies
weie contrary to the genius of our Government.
But if we could not do without a bank, destroy
this monopoly, let it come to an end, and give
others an opportunity to embark their funds in a
new one. He was against the lenewal, because
the bank had flaTaml^abused its chartei— among
oth r thi iga, under the'a'se piete^ee of defending
itself against attacks, of power. What is self de-
fence' Whv, to lenel attacks or invasion And
whit has the" Cnief Magistrate done' In 1829 he
said that the question of recharter was an lmport-
I ant one, and that he desi ed to bung the subject
before the Representatives of the people. Here
w 'S no attack. And yet for this the bank has put
foith all us means to accomplish auctory over the
Chief Magis rate of the Republic; and yet it calls
this a defence of lib rights Tue bank—a meie
cieature of ou' hands—sets itself up in opposition
to the Chief Magistrate of the country. Mr. G.
differed with his fuend fiom Georgia, [Mr. For-
' sYiii,] who thought that the bank did not pos-
seos political power. Men were not fieemen who
| depend on a moneye 1 power or were controlled by
! it; and if for this reason alone that it had exerted
this power and influence, he would vote against it,
that others might not be guilty of a repetition of
its offences We allege that the Government di-
sectors were excluded fiom any participation in
, the administration of the bank. Why were these
agents of the Government appointed, but that the
Government might know how its funds were ap-
| plied and administered ' Bat another thing: if
' the Government sell us stock, it still maintains the
power to vote at the Board of Directors. This
subject was fully debated when the bank charter
was before Congress; andalthough.it was objected
to by Mr. GoLDSB0R0UGH,the provision was still
retained for governmental inspection and con-
trol.
Among other things, Mr G. remarked that the
Senatorfrom Maine, [Mr. Sprigce,] to provethat
the people were prone to idolatry, that the people
of every nation were prone to idolatry, had made
a reference to the history of the Jews, when travel-
hngto theland of promise. If the honorable Sen-
ator had been more minute, he would not only have
reminded us of the history, but haveenablea us to
make the application to our own times. The his-
tory tells us that when Moses had remained in the
Mount longer than was expected, the people be-
came clamorous, and demanded of Aaron to make
them gods to worship and go befoie them; he re-
quired them to bring their gold, and then ear rings,
and their bracelets, and those of their wives and
their daughters. They did so, and poured them
down before them, and madeagreat pile, or BANK,
of them. Of these, Aaron made a molten calt and
they worshipped it, and they sat down to eat, and
to drink, and rose up to play, as many a thought-
less man now does who has obtained a discount in
bank and has the money in his pocket. But when
Moses came down from theMount he was exceed-
ingly offended, and he put HIS VETO upon the
whole proceedings. He burned the calf, and ground
ltmto dust,and scattered it upon the waters. Now,
sir, who are worshipping the golden image which
they themselves have made—let the people judge.
Not the Levites: they followed, and now follow
the counsels of Moses.
[Mr. G.'s remarks will be concluded on Mon-
day.]
When Mr GRUNDY conceded—
Mr. WILKINSand Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN
rose almost simultaneously.
The CHAIR decided in favor of Mr. WIL-
KINS, who remarked,
That as he had power now in his hands, he
wished to use it discreetly.    He rather desired that
there should be alternate speaking, and he would
| give way to the gentleman [Mr. Frelinghutsen]
if it were understood that he could be allowed to
I take the floor next He inquired whether such a
t bargain couU be made'
¡    Mr. WEBSTER observed that coalitions were
' dangerous.
j    Upon an intimation that the course suggested
by Mr. WILKIN'S might be pursued,he yielded
the floor to Mr.  FRELINGHUYSEN; upon
whose motion,
The Senate adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Janimy 31, 1834.
The standing committees of the House pre-
sented bills for the relief of individuals, and re-
ported unfavorably to the claims of others.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio,
Resoh'ed, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tabhshinga national armory on the western waters,
to include those in the State of Ohio.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following joint
resolutior:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, Tnat the membeis of the ptesent Congress,
who have not heretofore received them, be sup-
plied with the same books that have been ordered
to be furnished to the members of the Q23 Con-
gress; the cost thereof to be paid out of any money
in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SPElGEiT'S resolution having been read
a second time—
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, thought itshould
be modified in one of its clauses, which assigned
to a'l members of this Congiess who were not
members of the 221 Congress those books. Many
who had been members of the Senate last Con-
gress were members of the House this Congress;
and had not received the books mentioned. They
would therefore be excluded from the benefit con-
templated.
Mr. SPEIGHT is not tenacious of forms; if he
