150                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              Feb. 8,
Administration had very large majorities, and
show me a vote which haa been bought up, or
a vote which haa been controlled by the bank
Mr. S. also took up the constitutional question,
but was prevented by the restriction of the Chair
from going into it.
Mr. S. proceeded to read a tabular statement of
the depreciation of the stock of the different banks
in New York—The Manhattan Bank had suffered
a depreciation of 11 per cent, on its capital, or
$220,000, theMeichants' Bank 10, or $140,000,
the Mechanics' 6, or $200,000, the Bank of Amer-
ica 9, or $180,000 on its propcity—making a de-
preciation of the bank stock in New York, amount-
ing to upwards of three millions "Will not such
a loss of stock, m one particular, reach other stocks,
and eventually affect the whole system of internal
improvements now in progress throughout the
country ' Aheady has the stock of some of the
companies engaged in internal improvements suf-
fered in depieciation. The Delaware and Hud-
son has suffered a loss of $720,000, and the Ohio
Canal Company, a loss of 10 per cent., or of
$100,000 on every million of their property. So
will all engagements for internal improvements
suffer, for what affects the commercial interests of
the community must necessarily affect all otheis,
as commercial men and interests are more or less
intimately connected with all others And so of
other interests The stock of many insuiance
companies has sunk to one half per cent, of its
value Indeed, as banking capital consists chiefly
of a combination of debts, all capitals—and they
are many—in the country must suffer m propor-
tionate ratio as the banking capital becomes de-
Íireciated The evil will be, that all propeity will
ose one half its real value, and what had been de-
posited will be repaid only with one half, and what
was paid in money, will average twice as much as
when contract was made
Mr. S then made an exposé relative to the in-
vestment in our funds of foreign capital—which
will become úseles? under the present derange-
ment of the currency Foreign capital has been
invested from the confidence with which the faith
of the counti y appeared to be pledged for its secu-
rity, how much longer will that confidence con-
tinue when that faith is lost5 Will not then that
capital be reclaimed and required from us of its in-
vestors' Are we prepared to meet such a demand
on the monetary concerns of the country ? What
means has Louisiana to discharge her debt of for-
eign capital amounting to ten millions ' How can
Ohio immediately answer the call on her for five
millions owed in Europe' Or is Pennsylvania j
now able to íeimbuise her loan of twelve millions i
owed by her in Europe' Thus has the Govern-
ment sunk the credit of the country; and in con-
sequence, will militate against the commercial in-
terests of the country, by creating an tiirm among
the European creditors of the nation who may re-
quire that their American stocks shall be redeemed
or returned by a recall of their capital; and this
would produce the actual absorption of all the sub-
stantial capital of the country
There are fifty millions ot British capital now
afloat, or in use, in this country     Besides being
of material advantage to the internal improvements
and commercial interests of this nation, is not this
large sum the best security for peace with the Bnt-
ish  nation '   Are not these funds equivalent to
hostages against Bntish attack and aggression ' i
Would to God that every other nation had capital
so invested in this country, then should we have
the best hostages  for a continuance of friendly i
feeling with them, and be entitled to all the advan-
tages of an amicable understanding—not only a I
protection against aggression  and  insult, but a i
guarantee for respect and fnendbhip
!n conclusion, Mr S moved that the memorial j
be printed, and referred to a select committee of ]¡
five, and he asserted that it contained the names ii
of about 3,500 firms in New YorK, and over 6,000
signatures                                                                      I
Mr WILDE, of Georgia, moved an amend- ¡|
ment, that the select committee so appointed should
be instructed to mqiiue into the extent and nature I
of the pecumaiy distress, ard to what causes it
was to be attributed, to inquire into the derange 1
ment of tne cun ency of the country, and how pro- j
duced and to ascertain what remedies are bestn
calculated toiemovethe listress, and restore tne '
currency. In order to effect this judiciously and
accurately, impartially and extensively, he added
that they be empowered to examine documents
and persons as they adjudged necessary.
Mr. W. supported hisaméhdmentbyarguments
drawn from the urgency of some action to be had
efficiently and radically on the subject. The ex-
citement in the House had tended to increase the
excitement in the nation. If the distress did not
exist, then would the conduct of th'e Chief Magis-
trate be made the subject of approval, but if dis-
tress existed—and this no man can doubt who has
heard of the cries which has been made exten-
sively, who has known that various memorials
have been presented to Congress proclaiming the
distress by men of every party and by men of no
party—then will an inquiry be the best mode of
coming to a candid result, where opinions are so
various that asseverations are made on one side of
the House that the distress is imaginary, and when
on the other side the asseverations are equally
strong and strenuous that the distress is too real
In his opinion, we stand on the bunk of a dan-
gerous precipice, down which the measures now
pursued by Government are hkel; to hurl us with
a fearful, if not afatal, rapidity. Universal bank-
ruptcy and suspension of specie payments stare us
in the face. The present state ot things cannot
last. We shall go on from bad to worse, unless a
remedy be adopted, and adopted speedily The
inquiry should therefore be on the broadest basis
possible.
He next combatted the scheme of the Secretary
of the Treasury for adopting the agency of State
banks, instead of the United States Bank, and in
commenting upon the proposition of a metallic
currency, he said that a restoration to specie pay-
ments would be more injurious to the interests of
the country than restoring the deposites to the
custody of the Treasury.
Mr. POLK had been anxious to arrest the debate
on thepresentationoftheresolutions from Maine,as
being prematuie, he was equally anxious to arrest
the debate on the present memorial, as being also
uncalled for, and out of place He saw no reason
why the memorial presented by the gentleman
from New York should not take the direction of
all similar petitions, memorials, and documents on
the same subject. He moved, therefore, that it be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GORHAM said that the discussion and
distress will not end till Government retrace its
steps.
He entered< into an elaborate statement on the
question of a deranged currency, on specie pay-
ments, or a metallic currency, which our limited
time, by the prolongation of the debate, prevents
us now from giving.
Mr HUBBARD observed thathehad the honor
of being a memb r of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and he heard with utter astonishment
the remarks which fell from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that this memorial, with the in-
structions, ought to be referred to a select com-
mittee, and not to the Committee of Ways ard
Means, because, forsooth, the committee had pre-
judged the matter—had formed their oomion—
that the sentiments of some portion of that com-
mittee had already been given to the public, and
that the subject matter of this memorial would not
receive an impartial examination by that commit-
tee. Upon what authority, sir, has that gentle-
man presumed to declare, in the presence of this
House, such sentiments> Does he know the opin-
ion of one individual member of that committee
upon the question involved in that memorial '
Most assuredly not, fordunngall the meetings of
that committee, since the commencement of the
present session of Congiess, (and he was confident
that he had not been absent at a single meeting,)
the subject of the Bank of the United States had
not in any way or manner been presented to their
consideration. The question m relation to the
deposites, the renewal of the chartei, the cause of
thedistiess (whether real o¡ pretended he would
not say) have in nowise engaged the attention of
the committee at their bittmgs. How, sir, can the
gentleman say that the Committee of Ways and
Means have prejudged the i ase, or expressed
opinions upon the subject The gentleman from
Tennessee, I admit, sir, nas giien his opinion at
large upon the report of the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury, touching the removal of the deposites. He
was followed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
upon the same subject, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was followed by the gentleman from*
New York, all members of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and this morning we have been
favoied with the views of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, in relation to the Bank of the
United States And how stands the account' Has
the gentleman from Kentucky stated the case
fanly, that, inasmuch as the opinions of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee had gone forth to the
American people in his printed speech, he was not
a fit person to take charge of this memorial' Sir,
does not the gentleman from Kentucky well know
that the opinions of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had also gone forth to the American people,
in his printed speech The one, sir, follow ed close
in the track of the other. It follows, then, that
two members of that committee have expressed
their opinions one way, and that two other mem-
beisof the same committee had expressed their
opinions the other way, on the absoi bing question
now before Congress, in relation to the bank; and
the opinion of no othei individual member could
be known, unless it be that of the gentleman from
Georgia, (who is also a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means,) who has been pleased to
make to the House, this morning, some general
remarks in reference to the bank.
Although he (Mr. Hubbard) had intended,for
some time past, to have spoken upon the subject
of the deposites, he had not been successful in his
attempts to get the floor, yet he could not doubt
that, if this memorial should be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, it would re-
ceive its impartial, deliberate, and candid exam-
ination , that it would receive, from that commit^
tee, all the attention which "its importance de-
manded.
It has been said that it ought not to be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, because it
speaks not of the deposites or of the Bank of the
United States, and thegentleman from New York
has said that it is a totally different question.
Now, sir, what is the memorial' He could not
be mistaken as to its importance. It speaks of the
distresses which pervade the land; of the pressure
which bears heavily upon the various classes of
the community, and tells us that the moving cause
of this great calamity is to be found in the new
relation produced between the Bank of the United
States and the local banks. In other words, ithas
been produced by the removal of the deposites
from the Bank of the United States, and placing
them in the State banks Disguise it as you may,
this is the plain English of the memorial. And it
further says that the sovereign remedy for all these
evils is the reehartermg of the United States Bank,
or the creating of some bank with similar powers.
And yet, sir, it has been reiterated that the ques-
tion involved in the memorial is wholly distinct
and different from the question of removing the
public deposites, or of reehartermg the Bank of the
United States, and therefore it should not be sent
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
And what are the instructions proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia to accompany this me-
morial' Why, sir, the committee are to inquire
into the " truth of the recent complaints of general
pecuniary distress and loss of credit, and into the
truth of the alleged derangements of the currency
and commercial exchanges " And that, if the
complamts^be well founded in the opinion of the
committee, they are to report the causes of the said
evils.
And what is the pretended cause of the alleged
derangement of the currency and commercial ex-
changes > Nothing more noi nothing less than the
removal of the deposites There is then nodiffer-
ence in fact or in principle between this memorial
and the hundred others which have heretofore
been presented, and by order of the House re-
ferred—memorials and resolutions from Legisla-
tures, fiom chambers of commerce, from boards of
trade, and highly respectable individuals in differ-
ent parts of the country. And what has been the
order of the House in relation to all these ' They
have been referred, one and all, to the Committee
of Ways and Means. And why give to this
memorial a different direction' Why send it to a
select committee'
