152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
ment the moment that they were bound to submit
to one controlling voice. Those officers aremere
automata. And when we know that dismission is
inevitably the eonsequenee of disobedience, how
can we respect their opinions as free and independ-
ent > He had great respect for the Attorney Gen-
eral as a man, he knew his high character,and if
he had remained at Albany, and had not come into
this pestilential atmosphere, he would have con-
tinued to respect his opinion, but did the gentle-
man suppose that when he came here, where he
was in constant danger of losing his place, I could
respect his opinion >   No, sir, no, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that probably he was
not so fortunate as the gentleman from Kentucky
in being able to pronounce opinions upon ques-
tions so important as those embraced m the mes-
sage. The question arose out of the pension laws,
among which he thought the gentleman would
find a marked difference. The payment of one
class of pensioners was to be made by the bank—
of another class, by the Secretary of the Treasury.
He would only make a single remark further upon
the manner in which the gentleman had spoken of
the opinion of the Attoiney General. That gen-
tleman was his esteemed friend He was a gen-
tleman who could not be affected by the Senator's
íemarks to his prejudice The country knew the
character of the Attorney General too well to ap-
prove of such reflections upon his integrity. If
there was any man within his acquaintance whose
character Mi. W. respected, it was the Attorney
General. He knew him well, so well that he
might safely assert that neither authority nor
interest could coerce him into an opinion which
his conscience dictated to him was not right.
The message was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary
Mr WRIGHT rose and said he held in his
hand a memorial signed by citizens of the city of
New York, in which they express their opinions
in relation to the embarrassments in the money
market, and representing that they believe a Bank
of the United States to be useful and necessary.
He was bound to say that he received the paper
from a most i espectable committee of gentlemen
fiom New York, who were now in attendance
here. He felt bound to say, also, that the signa-
tures to the memorial, amounting to about six
thousand, embraced some of the most respectable
merchants, traders, and active business men in
that city, and that their expression was entitled to
as much weight heie as that of any equal number
in New York He knewmany of the gentlemen,
and their representations ought to have great
weight He moved that the memorial be* read,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and print-
ed, with the signatures appended.
After the paper had been read,
Mr WEBSTER said that the great number of
signatures to the memorial was a just testimonial
to the character and respectability of the signers.
He thought it equivalent to actual proof of the
existence of great distress in the commercial com-
munity He doubted whether, in the whole his-
tory of the Government, memouals had ever come
before Congress, where so much pains had been
taken forcibly to express the deep, wide spread
conviction of embarrassment, distress, and im-
pending ruin, as was exhibited in this It remind-
ed him more of some instances of occurrences in
a European Government, m some respects a pop-
ular one, but not so much so as our own House
of Representatives, not springing so directly from
the people He meant the Butish House ot Com-
mons, where in times past the House was invoked
bv petitions with vast amounts of names to them.
We well remember how the tables of the House
of Commons were loaded by petitions and memo-
rials at the commencement of our revolutionary
war He remembered an instance of a Whig
member from one of the northern counties of
England having presented a petition against the
war, and while the messenger was carrying it
along to the clerk's table, the end dragging on the
floor and not being visible, a member observed,
there was the head of the petition, but where was
the tail> He was answered that the tail had not
yet left Yorkshire The memorial proved this
fact, too, that the distress and embarrassment was
too serious to be scoffed at, it was too plain to be
mistaken.   They feel a piessure which they do
not know how adequately to describe, and a fear
of consequences which they cannot trust their lips
o express to their most intimate friends This
was the state of things, and the country was
now to pass on this great question. By some it
has been contended that it is the consequence of
the removal of the deposites, and the breaking up
of the bank; by others, that it is owing to the
conduct of the bank itself, and that it is in the
power of the bank to triumph over the danger
and relieve the community. He thought it the
duty of the bank to do all it could to relieve the
distress, to exert its whole power, even to the verge
of its own safety, to avert this distress, which
every man of business in the community feels
It was the duty of the bank to do this, but it was
the duty of the bank, too, to look at its own situa-
tion—its debts were spread over the whole surface
of the country, and any sudden expansion of its
capacity for relief must be followed by a sudden
contraction on every emergency, it required the
greatest deliberation in winding up its concerns,
or the greatest distress must inevitably ensue
The Government had taken its stand and declared
its purpose to be, to collect and distribute its rev-
enue through the State banks alone. Still, he
trusted the bank would discharge its duties, and
show that no fault remained on it, that it would
relieve distress to its utmost capacity, and show
that it could go no farther He knew not to what
extent these shocks of public credit and of property
would go, but ne thought he could perceive the
end of those public men who closed their ears
against the cries of distress which were coming in
fiom all parts of the country We have now
the fact before us of great distress and pressure
existing, and he besought gentlemen to believe it,
he implored them to believe it and to be assured
that through all ranks and ranges of the commer-
cial community there had not been such distress
for the last twenty years—he thought no man
could refuse to believe it, although it extended
now chiefly along the Atlantic coast, yet the wave
would roll inward over the mountains and across
the Mississippi valley until it pervaded all parts
of the Union
Mr. WRIGHT observed, he did not rise to com-
ment upon the memorial, but it was his duty to
say that too great an extension had been given to
the scenes of distress, and that the memorial was
not to be considered as conc'usive evidence of the
facts stated. He was aware that a controversy
existed on the subject, and he was unwilling to
discuss it in this incidental mannei He differed
from the petitioners as to the cause of the distress
and the proper remedy to be applied
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
SPECIAL ORDER----PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The VICE PRESIDENT havingacnounced the
special order to be the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the removal of the deposites, and
the resolutions of Mr  Clay thereon—
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN resumed and con-
cluded his remarks against the report
Mr WILKINS then took the floor and moved
an adjournment, but withdrew the motion at the
request of
Mr WEBSTER, who remarked that he was
perfectly wilhng*he gentleman should proceed, as
he had intimated the other day, but he wished to
move the reference of the report and the second
resolution thereon [Mr Clat'sJ to the Committee
on Finance, and he would venture to say, if the
gentleman would consent to the reference, that the
report should be made by to morrow morning He
wished the committee might have an opportunity
of expressing the opinions they had formed on the
financial part ot the report The resolutions were
twofold The first was of a high political character,
and not for the Committee on Finance, but if
the Senate wished it, they would not shrink from
expressing their opinions upon it
Mr. WRIGHT thought that if the whole sub-
ject went to the committee, it would form the basis
of a report, and could not be considered as the
direct subject of debate before the Senate when it
was letmned
Some fui ther remarks were then made by Messrs
WEBSTER, SPRAGUE, POINDEXTER, and
CLAY, on a point of oider, who contended that,
when the subject came back from the committee,
it would be substantially before the Senate as it
left it.
Mr. KING took the opposite ground, when
The VICE PRESIDENT decided that the sub-
ject would be open for discussion when it came
back, just as it was now.
The reference was then agreed to
Mr POINDEXTER then moved to take up his
resolutions, submitted on Friday; and he withdrew
his call for the ayes and noes.
The VICE PRESIDENT decided that the first
resolution and a part of the third could not be en-
tertained, because they were identical with other
resolutions before the Senate, [Mr. Clay's ]
Mr POINDEXTER then consented to moSify
them so as to destroy their identity.
Mr GRUNDY then moved that the Senate
adjourn, which was not agieed to.
The first resolution was then agreed to
Mr CALHOUN then moved that the third res-
olution be laid on the taole, which was agreed to—
23 to 14
Mr MORRIS then moved that the remaining
resolutions be laid on the table, which was agreed
to—yeas 21, nays 18
The bill to allow------Lamar, a citizen of Geor-
gia, to import iron for a steamboat, free of duty,
was read a third time, and passed, and then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Fefauary 4, 1834.
THE PENSION LAWS.
The order of the day was declared to be the
resolution offered by Mi. Chilton to appoint a
select committee to inquire into the expediency of
so extending the general pension law as to em-
brace within its provisions those persons who were
ergaged in the Indian wars, down to the year
1794, and the amendment of it by Mr Boux-
din, to appoint a committee to inquire into the
moral effects of the pension system upon the com-
munity, and how far it ought to be abolished or
repealed
Mr POPE, of Kentucky, observed that he bad
but a few remarks to make, and that they should
be hastily submitted. In fact, he should have con-
tented himself with giving a silent vote on the
resolution under consideration, had not the discus-
sion which it provoked assumed an objectionable
aspect. But he felt constrained to say something,
from the fact that the debate had unnecessarily
wandered from its legitimate sphere, and partaken
of a spirit foreign from that good feeling and
mutual harmony which should prevail in the
House. He felt impelled to speak, for the double
purpose of presenting a few reasons why he
thought the resolution shouid be adopted, and of
redeeming from unmerited, but perhaps unin-
tended imputation, the conduct of those who par-
ticipated in the struggles to which the resolution
refers. And although, during the discussion,
unwarrantable imputations have been cast upon
the pioneers and early warriors of the West, yet
this circumstance should not provoke him to per-
petiate injustice upon his unoffending fellow-citi-
zens of the North. He should not retaliate by
fulminating charges against the people of that
quarter—nor should he seek to place their con-
duet in our warlike struggles, in disadvantageous
contrast with that of their more western brethren.
His purpose was to vindicate the conduct and the
cause of his neighbors, of his friends, and of their
fathers, not to cast reproach, perhaps unmerited,
upon others. He was willing to admit that the
people of the North had been ever animated by a
d smterested attachment to country He was will-
ing to admit that the late war found their gallant
tars upon the deep, asserting, with the cannon's
voice, their country's rights—that it found them
boldly careering through every sea, and giving our
stars and stripes to the breezes of every clime;
but he asserted that it also found the western war-
rior bleeding at every pore, and expiring upon
every battle field
Mr Pope inquired why the usual courtesy was
not extended to the íesolution under discussion'
Why was it so bitterly opposed in its very niopi-
ency >   Why a committee weie not permitted to
