160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
this time in the breach; one who has always been
found ready and able to stand in the breach,
between the nation and the nation's foe, when-
ever stern necessity demanded. He stood in the
breach when he fought the battles of his country;
when he overpowered the Indian amid his scalp-
ing warfare, and firmly grasped his sword when
assailed by a foreign foe. He it was who then
stood in the breach, and amid the wild torrent of
thecountry'sconfusion,said "Peace!" and to the
raging tumult " be still!" Who could now revert
to the period when our cities were in flames, when
the foe had penetrated into the heart of the land,
and plunged the reeking dagger in the bleeding
bosoms of the country—who could look on that
period when the enemy " cried havoc, and let slip
the dogs of war," and not recognize and recollect
the arm that then interposed in the breach to save
the nation from plunder and the land from being
enslaved ? Shall he be thus subjected to abuse, for
whom every heart panted with grateful remem-
brances; for whom bonfires blazed from North to
South; for whom feasts in various cities were gen-
erously spread; for whom the chivalrous, grateful,
and patriotic feelings of every individual breathing
the spirit of American freedom—for whom even
the Legislatures of the States and the Legislature
of the Union expressed their heartfeltgenerosity of
ardent valor; shall he who thus stood in the breach
to redeem the nation's glory, and thus gained the
nation's gratitude, shallhe be stigmatized as being
a military man ?
He has stood in the breach to save the country
once in the field; he had again stood in the breach
to save her in the Cabinet.
Mr. WISE then rose and addressed the House
on the subject.
Mr. BOULDIN took the floor, and expressed a
desire to be heard on this question, and asked the
House the indulgence of an adjournment, the hour
then being twenty minutes past three.
Mr. BEARDSLEY demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion, and they were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, it
was decided in the affirmative by a vote of 113 to
103.
The House then adjourned.
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill, with an
amendment, for the relief of John Campbell and
William Johnson.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the resolution offered
by him some time ago, extending the time for
paying revenue bonds, in order to afford the com-
mercial community relief, was taken up.
The resolution was discussed at length, until
four o'clock, when it was laid on the table.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. POINDEXTER:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate the settlement of the
accounts of William Thorp, late sutler in the
army of the United States, made in pursuance of
" An act for the relief of William Thorp," passed
on the 22d day of May, 1826, specifying the items
in said accounts which have been disallowed, and
the grounds on which they were rejected by the
accounting officers, and also whether, in his opin-
ion, any further legislation is necessary to the final
settlement of said accounts on principles of equity
and justice.
By Mr. WEBSTER:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire into the probable effect of the
present state of commercial affairs on the revenue
of the United States.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Phankiiw, its Clerk, stating
that that House had receded from its amendment
to the appropriation bill.
Mr. CHAMBERS moved that when the Sen-
ate adjourn, it will adjourn until Monday next;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested the propriety, after
the morning business of Monday was over, that
the Senate should go into Executive business, if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.WiLKitjs,]
who had the floor upon the deposite question, had
no objection.
Mr.WILKINSnot objecting, Mr.WEBSTER
gave notice that he should, on Monday, at an early
hour, move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. MANGUM,
adjourned.
The bill was twice read, and,
On motion of Mr. POLK, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time to-morrow.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the select committee on
the militia, reported a resolution referring to that
committee the militia returns for the last year,
transmitted to the House from the President of the
United States.
THE PENSION LAWS.
The order of the day was then declared to be
the resolution of Mr. Chilton to appoint a select
committee to inquire into the expediency of so
extending the general pension law as to embrace
within its provisions those persons who were
engaged in the Indian wars, down to the year
1794; and the amendment to it hy Mr. Bouldiw,
to appoint a committee to inquire into the moral
effects of the pension system upon the com-
munity, and how far it ought to be abolished or
repealed.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, continued
his remarks on the subject—arguing the imprac-
ticability of appropriating any fund, or any part
of the revenues of the United States to the pur-
pose specified in the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky. To prove this, he entered into
a statistical survey of the revenue, as stated by
the Secretary of the Treasury in his message this
session—remarking on that part of it which dep-
recates any unnecessary appropriation of the
surplus funds of the past year, as it was appre-
hended that the receipts would be less for the year
1834 than for 1833. He also remarked on the
phrase of the Secretary that " no serious diminu-
tion is, however, apprehended." Mr. C. thinks
that if the present pecuniary pressure prevails
longer, it will have the effect of leaving merchants
in such an embarrassed condition that they would
have no facilities to make purchases, nor to send
to Europe for merchandize, whereon revenue may
be raised. What money they may possess, they
will in all probability lay out in internal manage-
ment, considering the adventitious value which
money must have, from the pressure on monetary
concerns. This will therefore produce a sensible
diminution in the revenue, which will fall short of
the receipts contemplated by the Secretary of the "
Treasury, fifteen millions receipts of duties, and
three millions from public lands. Indeed, if the
distress is continued, if some safety or stability is
not given to the currency of the country, it will
be immaterial where the public deposites shall be
placed.
With regard to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia, concerning an inquiry into the
moral effect of the pension system; frauds, im-
position, and false swearing, undoubtedly exist in
the enlargement of the pension rolls, owing to the
cupidity or the love of monsy of many who may
be indigent or indolent. That the pension laws
should have produced fraud and falsehood was to
be expected or apprehended; not merely in the
persons who may be more immediately benefited
by the fraud, but even by others who may be
instrumental in the imposition, by giving their
testimony; for such is the infirmity of human
nature, that the fading memory of the veterans may
unwillingly or unknowingly falsify the circum-
stances which they testify. The number of names
at .present on the pension roll proves that fraud of
an extensive kind must necessarily exist. Accord-
ing to censuses taken, [which the gentleman
quoted,] the whole number of persons in the Uni-
ted States, between the ages of 70 and 80, were
in one instance 50,000; and in another (the last
census) 57,000. Now, making the proper draw-
backs on this number for persons who could not
possibly have been in the war—such as emigrants,
&c.—the reasonable number remaining of persons
over the age of 70, who might be supposed to
have been engaged as soldiers in the revolutionary
war, would be only about 12,000. Yet are there
now 47,000 pensioners on the public bounty. An
inquiry into such a state of things is evidently
required. He thinks that the Secretary of War
ought to be required to make some investigation
into these impositions on the pension roll, and
have them rectified.
Mr. WILDE rose to make a suggestion to bring'
this discussion to a definite termination as soon as
possible.   The business of the House is impeded
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 1834.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill compensating in land
General Philemon Thomas, for services rendered
by him in West Florida.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same committee,
reported a bill, with an amendment, granting lands
for the benefit of South Hanover college, to enable
the trustees to establish a school for the education
of deaf and dumb persons.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same committee,
reported a bill relative to school lands for the ben-
efit of the State'of Ohio, without amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of the
clerks in the navy-yards at Brooklyn, New York,
praying additional compensation for their services.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the resolutions
of the Legislature of New York, relative to the re-
moval of the deposites, were taken up, and Mr. W.
then moved that the resolutions be referred to the
Committee on Finance and printed; which was so
ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a re-
port from the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund;
which was read.
Mr.TALLMADGE presented a memorial and
a series of resolutions from the manufacturers, me-
chanics, and laborers of the Second Ward in the
city of New York, condemning the course of the
Administration in removing the deposites from the
Bank of the United States, and ascribing to that
fact the present pecuniary distress of the coun-
try.
On Mr. CLAY'S motion,the memorial and res-
olutions were read,and afterwards,on his motion,
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. TALLMADGE, they were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Post
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February!, 1834.
Mr. C. P. WHITE submitted the following
resolution; which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be printed,for
the use of this House, one thousand additional
copies of the rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Navy, as communicated to Con-
gress by the President on the 23d of December,
1833.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of South.Carolina,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding a suitable building in the city of Charleston
in which to hold the Federal Courtfor the district
of South Carolina, and of allowing a salary to the
district attorney.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending to parties in suits commenced in the circuit
court of the United States, where rights claimed
under patents issued under the laws of the United
States shall come in question, the right to a writ
of error, or an appeal when the amount in contro-
versy, or the judgment recorded in said court, shall
exceed $500.
The SPEAKER communicated to the House
the annual report of the commissioners, of the
sinking fund; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MITCHELL, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Bull; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. POLK, from the same committee, reported
a bill exempting from duty a quantity of iron to
be imported by Mr. Lamar, of Georgia, for the
purpose of making the experiment of an iron
steamboat.
