THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
«3d Congress. 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1834.
Vol. I....No. 11.
by these preliminary discussions on presenting
petitions or resolutions, which will receive all the
consideration due to them from the committees to
which they may be referred, particularly all re-
garding an inquiry.
The hour allotted for morning business had
expired.
THE HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House, on motion of Mr. POLK, sus-
pended the rule by which this day is set apart for
the consideration of private bills, in order to take
up the bill making appropriation, in part, for the
service of Government for 1834—
Ayes 104, noes 44.
Mr. WILDE inquired the state of the ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER informed him, as he believed
he was not in the House at the time, that he took
the first opportunity to correct the decision given
by him, to say that this motion, submitted by the
honorable member from Georgia—for the House
to recede from its disagreement to the amendment
that was made to «he bill by the Senate—was in
order.
Mr. "WILDE then inquired'whether, under
these circumstances, the motion to recede would
be reinstated in the position it was when pro-
nounced by the Chair in error to be out of order?
The SPEAKER informed him that if the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote, by which the House
had refused to concur with the vote of the Com-
mittee of the Whole prevailed, his motion to
recede would be in the same situation for him to
effect his object.
A desultory discussion upon a point of order,
of no interest out of the House, arose, in which
Messrs. J. Q.. ADAMS, WAYNE, HARDIN,
MILLER, and EVERETT, of Vermont, partici-
pated.
After which,
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to
reconsider took precedence of any other motion,
and after which the motion to recede was in
order.
Mr. WILDE demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider; which were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
it was decided in the negative—yeas 103, nays
115.
Mr. WILDE then moved that the House do
now recede from their disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. POLK regretted the difficulty, he said, in
which the House was placed in regard to this bill.
An attempt had been made to effect a compromise
by the committee of conference, but the House
had rejected their proposition. But as another
conference was in order,andasit was now under-
stood what was the objectionable matter in the
compromise which had been rejected, he had risen
to move a new conference with the Senate.
The SPEAKER explained the state of the
question. The rejection of the proposition of the
committee of conference left the question pre-
cisely as it was before the conference was ordered.,
The House had the choice of three alternatives:
first, they could recede, in which case the amend-
ment of the Senate would be agreed to, and the
bill passed. The motion to recede had the pref-
erence of the two other motions. If the House
refuse to recede, they may ask a conference with
a view to a compromise; or the House may adhere
to their disagreement, which will be tantamount to
a rejection of the bill.             .    . ,            , . .    ,
Mr. POLK regarded the principle on which the
House had, in the first place, refused to recede, as
one which he could not yield. He should vote
against receding, and, in giving that vote, he should
insist only upon the precedents established by
Congress. If the motion to recede was lost, he
should propose a new conference, which he hoped
would result in a compromise. The committee of
the Senate, in the concession which they made,
manifested a disposition to settle the matter, with a
11
similar disposition by the committee on the part
of the House.
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, stated the con-
siderations which would influence his vote. He
believed that it was never the intention that any
but incidental expenses should be paid without an
appropriation by law, and in this belief he found
that he was supported by the earliest acts of Con-
gress.
Mr. WILDE spoke in favor of his motion to
recede. Appropriation bills were, he said, in-
tended for objects previously authorized by law,
and it was highly important that every item in an
appropriation bill should be, as nearly as possible,
indisputable. By putting into this bill matter
which, if proper in a distinct bill, was improper
here, we had got into this difficulty. He was in
favor of the proposition of the conferees, to in-
crease the library appropriation; but the easiest
way of getting out of the difficulty was to recede,
and to leave the matter of restricting the two
Houses in the use of their contingent fund, if it
was deemed so very important, to be provided for
in an express bill.
He deprecated the want of confidence insinuated
in the objectionable clause against the Senate, and
considered it improper that greater restrictions
should be placed on Congress, in the matter of
expense, than had been done in the other depart-
ments of Government.
Mr. BROWN would vote against the motion to
recede, because it was still open to conference.
Mr. HARDIN thinks it a mark of courtesy to
submit to partial amendments made in a bill by the
Senate, particularly such an amendment, of that
trifling nature, which has been made the subject
of so much minute discussion. The privilege of
printing, conceded to the Senate, is to disseminate
authentic information on every topic of political
importance. It is immaterial whether books com-
posed of documents of former years be ordered,or
whether an order be given for printing documents
relative to the present year. To order printing,
merely incurs a debt, not makes an appropriation.
The spirit of concession, and the advantages of
free orders for printing useful documents, ought to
have prevented the introduction of the restrictive
clause, or to have erased it, when discovered to be
obnoxious.
Mr. FOOT thought nothing very material was
embodied in the appropriation bill as to render it.
of such importance as it appears to be in the eyes
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.   The bill cannot reach the evil it is in-
tended to obviate, nor can the remedy reach the
disease.. Let a law, founded on the principle of
'■ restricting Congress from purchasing books, be
' reported, but let it not be appended to an appro-
: priation bill which is ineffectual.
t     Mr. TURRILL thinks the restriction useful. If
orders are made for books, a demand will be made
on the contingent appropriation to such an extent
that the regular printing, nor the appointed clerks,
&c , of Congress, will receive their salaries: another
appropriation must therefore be made.   Every
appropriation should have a specific object, and
' no demand should be tolerated on it, but for the
purposes distinctly specified.
Mr. HAWES thinks the House the proper
o-uardian of the treasury of the people, and respon-
sible for its proper expenditure. _ He would not
consent to any compromise of its dignity, nor
admit that the Senate should make demands at
pleasure on the Treasury.                   . .
Mr LYTLE referred to the provisions of the
bill, and contended that, as the House had at all
times the power to review any appropriations made
by it, it was absurd, unworthy, and undignified
for them not to recede.
Mr. BYNUM contended that the quantum of
money was of comparatively small importance in
competition with the principle that was involved
which was, in effect, whether the House would
yield to the Senate the control vested in them by
the Constitution over the purse of the nation. He
had voted for the original proposition, that one
House might be, as was contemplated by the fra-
mers of the Constitution, a check upon the other.
If it was not adopted, the result might produce a
contest for power between the two Houses at the
expense of the nation, and he trusted that the
majority, who supported the bill as it went from
the House, would continueto support a principle
which was sacred to the welfare of the nation.
Mr. BAYLIES said he was as well disposed to
contend, upon every proper occasion, for the dig-
nity of the House as any other member, but he
believed there was some misapprehension about
the bill itself. He had examined it, and believed
that the Senate could not appropriate any of the
money voted by the bill to improper purposes; it
was said that they might doso but the bill restricted
them.
Mr. MILLER would not have obtruded him-
self but that he wished to free himself from a charge
of inconsistency, in no w voting to recede, which he
had previously opposed. Pie had, since that, ex-
amined the bill, and discovered that the principle
for which he was contending was retained as fully
in thi bill as before; for the restriction as to the
printing clause secured that object, and it would be
in the power of the House, if the Senate expended
their money improperly, and should ask for more,
to withhold it. He confessed, if he had been.a
Senator, he would have stood out for their amend-
ment, and he especially supported it, because it
gave to the House the same privilege which it
gave them.
Mr. WHITTLESEY expressed his wish that
the question might be taken, that the House might
proceed to the consideration of private bills.
Mr. MANN, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The House then receded from their disagree-
ment by the following vote—
Yeas 111, nays-104.
So the bill was thereby passed, with the amend-
ment made by the Senate.
Several engrossed ftills were read a third time,
and passed.
The  following   bills were  ordered  to   be en-
A bill for the location of lands in the Territory
of Arkansas; and
A "bill in reference to preemption rights.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next. An
objection being made, Mr. WAYNE moved to
suspend the rule, in order that the motion to ad-
journ over to Monday might be made. The mo-
tion was lost, two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
A bill for the relief of Arnold Henry Dormán,
after some discussion, was postponed. On motion
of adjournment,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 1834.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the resolution offered
by him some time ago, extending the time for pay-
ing revenue bonds, in order to afford the commer-
cial community relief, was taken up.
Mr. C. proposed an inquiry into this subject
imly; and when the accents of distress were reach-
in" us from every quarter, it was due to the peo-
ple that every practicable effort should be made to
give relief; and he was particularly desirous that it
should come from the Senate, and that the Senate
should apply all its constitutional powers to that
end. When the resolution was first offered, the
fact of the distress was not-admitted. Its univer-
sality and severity was not now denied. While
he was up, he would offer a few remarks in refer-
. encetoan observation made by the gentleman from
I Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilkins] a few days since.
I He then stated a fact, which, if he were now pre-
