164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
to their control, but belonging to individuals, and
which, by a law common to speculating men, they
would always invest whenever they could honor-
ably expect a profitable return. But, nothwith-
standing this admitted abundance of capital in the
country, it is said "there is a want of confidence
and a want of credit,"and " hence the low prices
of our articles of export." Sir, said Mr. K., you
might as well say," hence the low condition of the
western waters" during the fall of 1833. What,
said Mr. K., has a want of confidence or a want
of credit in this country to do with the matter? The
capital is now idle in the hands of individuals, and
the capitalist who has money unemployed wants
neither confidence nor credit. He has money, and
always wishes to employ it profitably, when in-
vited by a market that offers a large profit. Why,
said Mr. K.,so far from the position of gentlemen
being true, it may be safely assumed that if every
dollar of currency were "by one fell swoop"
stricken from the face of the earth, within the limits
of the planting States; yes, from the Potomac to
the Sabine, unless it were driven beyond the con-
fines of the commercial world, and its circulation
forcibly prevented—the influence of such a local
disaster to the currency on the price of cotton in
the planting States would be merely temporary.
What, said Mr. K., plenty of capital in the coun-
try at the command of individuals unemployed, and
a tempting foreign market before them, offering, it
is said, large profits, and yet the capital will not
circulate in the purchase of it! Why, said Mr. K.,
you might as well expect to stop the flow and cir-
culation of the blood to the heart of the animal
during the continuance of respiration, as to stop
the flow and circulation of currency to those points
where it can be most profitably employed.
Cut an attempt has been made, (said Mr. K.,)
to account for the fall of cotton by the loss on
exchanges. To attempt anything like a lucid ex-
position of the nature and operation of exchanges,
(said Mr. K.,) would require both detail and
time; and he was disposed to save himself the
trouble of the one, and the Senate the consump-
tion of the other. But a few remarks would dis-
pose of this part of the subject. The gentleman
from Mississippi had said (if he understood him)
that, as one of the effects of the removal of the
deposites, foreign exchanges had fallen, and do-
mestic exchanges had risen; or rather, that the
premium on foreign bills had fallen, and the dis-
counts on inland bills had risen, which, thus ex-
plained, seemed to assert a depression in both
species of exchange, as the- effect in both cases
was to reduce the proceeds of the bill in the hands
of the seller.
If (continued Mr. K.,)thehonorable Senator in-
tended to assert that domestic exchange has been
unusually high or unequal during the fall of 1833,
he must insist that the honorable Senator was—
unintentionally, of course—mistaken in point of
fact. Mr. K. stated thathe lived in a central city,
about equi-distant between this and New Orleans;
andinentioned some facts, and referred generally
to the exchange tables, as found in the southern
papers, to prove that, from the city of his res-
idence, exchange north and south, had rarely, if
ever, been lower than since the removal of the I
deposites. What it was at New York or New |
Orleans, he knew not. But if it were as stated
by the Senator from Mississippi, when last up,
greatly against New Orleans, he could only say,
what the Senator and all others must readily per-
ceive, that the effect was in direct hostility to the
proposition which this fact was brought forward
to sustain. If Louisiana bank bills were ten or
twelve per cent, discount in New York, as had
been stated, and exchange were so heavily against
New Orleans, the inevitable effect must be to
transfer capital from New York to New Orleans,
for the purchase of cotton. When speculators
with §1,000 in New York could place $1,100 in
New Orleans for the purchase of cotton, they
would purchase cotton nowhere else, and such a state
of its currency would shortly make New Orleans
the greatest exporting and importing cuy in the
Union.
But (said Mr. K.) a practical answer to all this
theory is readily found in the relation between the
prices of cotton in the different ports of the Union.
The quotations in the different seaports would Í
show no unusual inequality in price. And he
would ask gentlemen why it was, that if cotton
were low in New Orleans, from the difficulty of
supplying funds from New_ York to purchase,
why did it not bear a.better price in New York,
the place from xohich the money is said to be supplied ?
These are both exporting and importing cities,
and there seems no unusual want of relation of
prices between the city supplying and the city
supplied, with capital to purchase this article of
export. And this alone would prove that nothing
could be lost to the producer by the inequality of
domestic exchanges. But (said Mr. K.) I will
make a more unanswerable inquiry still—why is
it, said he, that cotton does not bear a better
price in Texas, Mexico, and South America?
He hoped there had been no removal of the de-
posites there!
But (Mr. K. said) the shortest way to dispose
of this whole charge of loss on account of the
depression of exchanges, would be (for the sake
of argument) to admit the facts as charged, and
we would instantly see such a want of agreement
between the alleged cause and the alleged effects,
as clearly to show that there was no proper con-
nexion between them. He had seen in the public
prints, that some who had agreed with the views
of the gentleman from Mississippi, insisted on a
loss to the producer of 2j or 3 per cent, on this
account. For no one, he believed, contended for
a loss to the producer of the whole amount of the
depression of exchange, or attempted to impute the
entire decline in foreign exchange to the measures
of the Administration. But to be liberal in our
admissions, for the sake of argument, (said Mr.
K.) let us say 5 per cent. He presumed the Sen-
ator from Mississippi would not contend for more.
What would this amount to? In estimating cot-
ton at 10 cents per pound, it would amount to a
half cent per pound. How shall we account for
the balance of the loss ? It is alleged that the loss
is from 3 to 5 cents per pound.
But (said Mr. IC.) I must say a word on foreign
exchange-, though the loss on that is included in
the admission just made for the sake of argument.
It is said, I think, that the planter loses the pre-
mium on foreign exchange, which formerly added
to the price of his productions. [Here Mr. Poin-
dexter begged leave to explain. He said, that
by the depression of foreign exchanges, cotton
would not now be used as a remittance to the
same extent as formerly, as the depression de-
stroyed the competition among that class of pur-
chasers who purchased cotton for remittance
instead of exchange.] Mr.K. resumed. He said,
with the explanation he perfectly understood the
argument of the honorable Senator, and thought
it easily answered. No one had shown how the
condition of our own money market had exerted
any agency in depressing foreign exchange. It is
never dealt in as an article of speculation; it is
only needed for the payment of our foreign debt;
and the-price and competition depend upon the
demand, and the demand is regulated by the state
of trade between the two countries. It is admit-
ted, then, (said Mr. K.,) on all hands, even in the
complaining memorials upon your table, that the
balance of .trade is largely in our favor. This was
a state of things long desired by us, and the Sen-
ator might as well expect the laws of gravity to
be disturbed, and the waters of the Mississippi to
turn up stream, and continue in that direction, as
for exchange to be against us when the balance of
trade is in our favor. The premium of exchange
(he said) should not be expected to resist the
balance of trade.
So much, then, for the home prices of our arti-
cles of export in connection with the measures of
the Administration. We are, however, confound-
ed by another proposition, brought in aid of the
first; and though no attempt is made to explain it,
for an obvious reason, yet it asserts a most dis-
astrous state of things; and, unless it can be
explained by others—like all other inexplicable
phenomena, charged with mischief—it will be put
down of course to the account of the Administra- I
tion: I allude to the alleged want of proper felá- i
tion between the home and foreign markets.          !
Now, (said Mr. K.,) the relation between the !
home price of an article of export, and the foreign !
price of the same article, (which, being the market ■
of its greatest consumption, confessedly regulates
its price in all parts of the world, wherever pio-
duced,) depends upon a variety of commercial in-
cidents, but mainly and principally upon the con-
fidence of the dealer in the stability of the foreign
market. And it is a law of trade, that a rising
foreign market will usually be anticipated by the
dealer, provided he have a reasonable confidence in
the continuance of the causes of the advance. And,
for a like reason, a falling foreign market will be
anticipated by the dealer, provided he have a con-
tinued confidence in his belief of the causes of the
decline. Practical men reason in these matters
just as they reason in the every-day transactions
of life. They use the plain logical proposition,
that what has happened once, will most likely,
under the same circumstances, and duringthecon-
tinuance of the same causes, happen again. Hence
they say, that " if cotton fluctuated in price, either
on the rise or decline, a given amount, during the
lapse of thirty days previous to the dates of the
last European quotations, and we know, and feel
confident in the continuance of the causes of the
fluctuation, it is safe to conclude that the fluctua-
tion has been in an equal ratio for the thirty days
which it has required to receive the accounts."
Let us illustrate by a few practical references:
we should never resort to theory when we have
the lights of experience to guide us. What, then,
was the relation between the home and foreign
markets for cotton in the year 1825? Ask the
speculator of that year, or get information from
more infallible sources, and it would (if he mis-
took not) be found, that, during a portion of that
year, the home price was nearly equal to, quite
equal to, and .perhaps, for a short period, even
beyond the last European quotations. What was
the cause of this? Why, in that year, the dealers,
both in Europe and America, had become fully
convinced that the crop then in market was an
unusually short one; that the supply would fall
far short of the usual demand. The whole com-
mercial world was fully satisfied of this fact. And,
without recollecting that the high price of an arti-
cle of consumption will greatly diminish the con-
sumption itself, the belief was general, and much
encouraged by speculators, that the price would
continue to advance indefinitely, until it should be
checked by the distribution of the new crop! But
consumption was checked, the speculating bubble
burst, and the sequel was known. Cotton went
down at a few leaps from 32 or 3 cents to 7 or 8 !
Oh ! said Mr. K., what a glorious year this would
have been for the removal of the deposites ! The
President, with all his alleged usurped power, and
unrighteous popularity, aided by all his " collar
men," and his " collar presses," could not have
stood up a moment against the torrent of discon-
tent which the disappointments and distresses of
that year produced ! It would all have been attrib-
uted to the removal of the deposites.                 ,'
This relation, then, (said Mr. K.,) between the
home and foreign market, in 1825, was owing to
the universal belief in the causes on which the main-
tenance of prices was based. But what is the fact
in 1833-4? Why, said Mr. K., such has been the
want of confidence among American speculators,
in themaintenanceof prices at which cotton opened
in the fall of 1833, that thousands of experienced
dealers have not touched a lock of the article. And
those who ventured, at the higher prices of the
opening market, had so little confidence in the
maintenance of prices, that there has been a pre-
cipitate rush by holders to the European markets,
which has swelled the exportations, for the last
quarter of 1833, far beyond those of the corre-
sponding quarter of the previous year. This hasty
glut of the market would, of itself, have produced
some decline.
But, (said Mr. K.,) what has been the reason of
this want of confidence with the American dealers
in 1833, which has made them cautious of ap-
proaching the European quotations at the opening
of the market, and which has made them antici-
pate the decline, and endeavor to keep ahead of it,
after the decline commenced? The reasons are
well known. In the first place, they had the ex-
perience of 1825 before them. They knew that
cotton was at a price very far beyond its natural
price, that is, the price at which the article can
reasonably and profitably be made by the planter,
