174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 12, 3834
After the Journal of the preceding day had been
read—
Mr ARCHER rose and said- I rise, Mr
.Speaker, not to announce to the House—that were
superfluous—but to submit the íesolutions ren-
dered proper by the dieadful catastrophe of which
we were all appalled, and, I am sure I may add,
afflicted spectators, yesterday, by which 1 have
been deprived of an esteemed friend, and the State
to which we both belonged, at a moment of the
extremest public excitement, of one of the most
'valued and valuable of her Representatives on this
floor
I know, sir, that I should outrage the feelings
of the House, as I should violate my own, were I
to avail myself of this occasion to pay at large the
tribute of esteem to my depaited colleague and
fnend, which would, under other circumstances, I
be due to the annunciation of his loss He was
of a character which might well be fruitful of pan-
egyric, if it were now allowed metodwell upon it
It was his fortune to have raised himself from the
humblest condition in life to rank in his profes- I
sion—to a high judicial station at home—and toa
seat, and that no undistinguished one, on this floor,
by the aid of merit alone At an age approaching
to majority be was following the plough, and, so
far from regarding this circumstance with shame,
oi desmng to conceal it, he had the superior mind
to regard and to speak of it with exultation, as,
what it truly was, an honor AVithout fortune
or influential friends, or the aid even of education,
he had lifted himself to general esteem, to inde- |
pendence, and to a place which he regarded, as I
do, inferior to none m point of honoi—a seat in
this House
Sir, if I felt at liberty to pursue the theme, no
man would be better authorized, from knowledge, ,
to bear the high testimony which it merited, to Ins
character as a private and a public man, noi, let
me add, would there be any one who would be
more glad and proud to render this jutt tribute to
his memoiy and virtues But I d*ire not pursue
the theme, jus>t and giateful as it would be The
awful catastrophe we have been called to witness
and deplore, speaks to our hearts, and, let me
add, to our horrm, in a language which foibids it
I feel that I ought not, may 1 say that I cannot,
add more, and I content myself, therefore, after
this brief and impaitial notice, with sending to the
Chan the resolution1? 1 hold in my hand, such as
aieordmanly adopted on occasions of this descrip-
tion
Resolved, That the members of this House will
allend the funeial of the late Thomas Tyler
Bouidjn, at eleven o'clock to monow
lliiolved, That a committee be appointed to fake
order foi supeiintending the funeral oí TiiomisT.
Bouidw, deceased, late a membei of this House
from the State of Virginia
Resolved, That the .members of this House will
testify their respect to the memory of I nonus T
Bouldw, by wearing crape on the left aim for
thirty days
Otdeted, That a message be sent to the Sen-
ate to notify that body of the death of Tjiomh
T Bom m\, late one of the Representatives from
the State of Virginia, and that his funeral will
take place to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, in the fore-
noon, fiom the Hall of the House of Representa-
tives
Mr  Arciifr, Mr   Ci vytov, Mr Williams,
Mr Mum FNiiERG, Mr C P White, Mr Uar
pi r, and Mr Marsh ill, were appointed the com-
mittee to supenntend the funeiurceiemonies
On motion of Mi ARCHER, it was ordered,
that when the Hou&e ad|ourns, it adjourn to meet
to morrow morning at eleven o'clock
On motion of Mi DAVENPORT, of Virginia,
the House then adjourned
house or representatives.
Monday, Fcbruaiy 10, 1834
On motion of Mi  LYON, of Michigan,
Oideied, lhat the memonal of the Legislative
Council of Michigan   Peir.tory, praying for an
..ipproprution to improve the navigation over the
flats, in Lake St Clan, and also an appropriation
for removing the bar at the mouth of Clinton river,
in said Territory, be referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr LYON, of Michigan,                |
Ordered, That a petition from numerous citizens
of Cass and Berrien counties, in Michigan Tern
tory, pray ing that the location of the Chicago road
may be so changed as to run from Edwordsburg
to Niles, and thence to the mouth of St Joseph's I
river, in said Territory, be íefened to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals
On motion of Mr LYON, of Michigan,
Ordeicd, That the petition of sundry citizens of
Cass county, Michigan Territory, piaying that
the location of the Ch icago road may be so changed
as to run directly from Edwardbbuig, thiough
Berrien, to the mouth of the St Joseph's river,
berefened to the Committee on Roadsand Canals.
On motion of Mr LYON, of Michigan,
Oideied, That the memorial of a Ten itoiial Con-
vention, assembled at Jonesville, in Michigan Ter-
ritory, on the 8th of January, 1834, praying for
an appi opriation to survey and locate the route for
a raihoad across the peninsula of Michigan, and
also for an appropriation of lands or money to
construct said road, be íefeired to the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, to
whom was refeired the bill reported by Mr Dun-
can on the 16th ult , for making an appropriation
of a certain quantity of the public land to aid the
Tei n tory of Michigan in constructing such a work
as is here prayed for
On motion of Mr LYON, of Michigan,          ♦
Ordei ed, That the petition of Ensign J G Odall,
and also the petition of Henry Myers, for arrears
of pensions, be referred  to  the Committee of
Claims
On motion of Mr LYON of Michigan,
Ouleied, That the petition of sundry cit zens of
Michigan,praying for theerection of a light house
at the mouth of the Kalamazoo river, and another
light house at the mouth of Grand river, on Lake
Michigan, in Michigan Terrttoiy, be referred to
the Committee on Commeice.
IN SENATE
Thursday, Fcbruaiy 13, 1834.
The Senate was called to order at half past ten
o'clock.
Immediately after the reading of the Journal of
| yesteiday, Mr WHITE suggested that the hour
had ai rived when the Senate had agreed to meet
the House of Representatives to attend the funeral
obsequies of the Hon Thomas Tyler Bouldin,
and, on his motion,
The Senate adjourned
The Senators, preceded by the Sergeant at-
Arms, and headed by the Vice President and Sec-
letary of the Senate, pioceeded to the ijall of the
House of Representatives
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES..
Thürsd \y, February 13,1834
The House met eleven o'clock, pursuant to
adjournment
After prayers and the reading of the Journal, on
motion,
The House adjourned to meet to-moriow morn-
ing at twelve o'clock
j  FUNERAL OF HON. THOMAS T. BOULDIN.
The members of the Senate, preceded by their
officers, entered the Hall at twelve o'clock
The President of the United States, heads of
Department , and Judges of the Supieme Court
also attended, and took seats m front of the Chair
The remains of tne deceased were brought into
the Hall, pieceded by the committee of anange-
j mente, the pall beaiers, and the Virginia delega
| tion as mourneis
I 1 he Episcopal Chuich service was read by the
Rev Mr Hatch, Chaplain to the Senate, after
which an appropriate discomse was pronounced
by the Rev Mr Stockton, Chaplain to the House
of Representatives
The funeral procession was then formed, and
proceeded to the eastein portico, whence it moved
J to the Congressiona' Cemetery, m the following
11 ordei
The Chaplains of both Houses.
Physicians  and   Clergymen   who   attended  the
deceased.
Committee of Anangements-
Mr   Archer, Mr   Clayton, Mr  Williams, Mr.
Muhlenberg, Mr  White, of New York,
Mr. Harper, of N  Hampshire,
and Mr Mai shall.
Pall-Bearers:
Mr Pmckney, Mr Rencher, Mr Mclntire, Mr.
Bell, of Tenn , Mr Crane, and Mr Murphy.
The Family of the deceased.
The membeis of the House of Representatives and
Senatois from Virginia, as mourners
The Sergeant-at-Armsof the House of Represent-
atives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk
The Sergpant at Arms of the Senate
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice President and their Secretary.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments
Judges of the Supreme Court and then Officers.
Foreign Ministers.
Citizens and Stranger3
IN SENATE.
Friday, Feotuarij 14, 1834.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary
Mr HENDRICKS presented the memonal of
the Legislature of Indiana, praying that measures
may be taken by Congress for the improvement
of the navigation of the Ohio nvei The memorial
was referred to Committee on Roads and Canals
Mr HENDRICKS gave notice that he should
ask leave to-morrow to introduce a bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of the river Wabash,
in the State of Indiana.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported several bills of a private
nature from the House of Representatives, wmch
were read and committed
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the lelief of Anna Stone, widow
of John Stone
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the resolution inquiring into the e^ped.ency
of placing Mrs Allen Vtx upon the pension roll,
which was agreed to
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of the clerics in the navy-yard
at Brooklyn, New York, praying additional com-
pensation, which was agreed to.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, lepoited a bill incorporating a
company, and extending certain benefits, for the
puipose of cutting a canal in the Territory of
Florida, with an amendment
Mr POINDEXTERgave notice thathe should,
on Monday next, ask leave to introduce a bill pre-
scribing the time when the sales of public lands
shall take place
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the War Depirtment, transmitting state-
ments of contracts made by that department in the
year J 833
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated a
letter from  the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting weekly statements of the State banks, in
which the public deposites are now made, which,
on motion of Mr. WEBSTER, was ordered to
be pnn'ed.
Mi LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, re]X>rted a bill for the relief of Se-
bastian Butcnei and otheis, which was lead twice
and committed
Mr BIBB, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, leported a bill for changing the time of
holding the terms #í the United States Court of
the western district of Louisiana, which bill was
read, and considered in Committee of the Whole,
and, on its being reported to the Senate, was, on
motion of Mr. Bibb, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading
Mi  CLAY piesenled the memorial of sundry
