180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
And why'   Because no change was made in the
power of the Secretary over the public moneys.
If it had made a change it would have attracted
attention; but it was so unimportant that it passed
without, because Congress left the power as they
found it.   Mr. Crawford, too, contended for the
power, and whenever he spoke of the expediency
of exercising it, referred to this same 16th section,
and it was after that that he exercised it.    But it
had been said that the deposites were a part of the
charter, and could not be removed without a vio-
lation of the contract.   He acknowledged it was a
contract, but he denied that the deposites were any
consideration foi the contract.    The 14th section
of the charter imposed the obligation on the Gov-
ernment to receive the notes of the bank and its
branches as com,and asa legal tender in all debts
due the Government, and for this the bank con-
tracted to transfer the Government funds wherever
required.    The deposites could not have been con-
sidered then, because they were contingent and
could not have been viewed as part of the conti act
on the part of the bank.   By the 14th section the
notes of the bank were to be received, unless other-
wise ordered by act of Congress.   Mark the dif-
ference.   The 16th section, alluding to a lighter
matter, leaves the power with the Secretary, be-
cause Congress did not wish to impair the usage.
If the deposites had entered into the consideration
of the contract, why was it not said they should
remain there until changed by act of Congress?
The conclusion was irresistible that they were to
be left to the exclusive control of the Secretary,
and therefoie they never could have entered into
the consideration of the contract    The committee
of investigation into the affaiis of the bank, in 1820,
of which Mr. McDuffie was one, unanimously
agree m saying that whatever errors and abuses
the bank may have been guilty of, they offer no
remedy, but say that the Secretary has the power
to apply a prompt remedy—the removal of the
deposites. And m the debate upon the bank, on a
motion to strike out the provision  for the five
Government directors,  it  was  resisted, on  the
ground that all depended upon the power of the
Secretary to remove the deposites    This was the
argument of Mr. Wells, of Delaware-, who was
opposed to the bank and to the Government; and
none of those gentlemen applied the language of
the section, or restricted it to the misconduct of
the bank.    He referíed also to the report of Mr.
McDuffie in 1830, where the power is admitted in
general teims, and is in its nature a salutary coi-
rective.    Now there were two things admitted in
the repoit—the removal of the deposites for any
political  mterfeience of the bank, and that the
power may be used upon any light occasion, for
their withdrawal.   But the Secretaiy would take
care not to exercise it on any light occasion, be-
cause he was to give his reasons to Congress     A
regard for his character would restrain him from
its exercise on any light occasion.    Mr Crawford
in his correspondence, admits that they should not
be removed from capnciousness, but for good lea- I
sons.   The bank then had no reason to comolam,
because it was a contingent benefit, and the Sec- I
retary was amenable to Congiess for the exercise |
of the power.   Theargument was not correct that
the íemoval dissolved the connexion between the I
principal  and the fiscal agent.   These relations I
still remain, and the agency was retained bv the i
banks, knowing that the deposites were contingent, !
and that universal usage and precedent united,'
gave  the Seuetary  the   absolute   control   over
them.
The next objection was as to the manner and
mode of íemoval This, he did exactly as all his
predecessors had done—in the form of tiansfer,
which was always adopted. The objection of the
gentleman from Kentucky, that the Tieasurer
ought to have selected the place of deposite, was
quite novel Fiom the oidmance of '79, the Sec-
retary was to choose the place, and he has done so
from that day to this The Treasuiei to dictate to
the Secretary ' Is the Treasurer to say to the See-
íetary, I am determined to remove the deposites >
If so, the Secretary certainly might, if he pleased,
put them back again TheTreasurerputsno money
into the Treasury, but it is his duty to take caie
that none goes out of it without warrants lawfully
issuing. " The Treasury," means nothine local-
it means a fund, on which Congress may draw—
a credit established by the Secretary,>and when
established, then arises the jurisdiction of the
Treasurer. He has nothing to do with the custom-
house officers or revenue bonds. If he had,he
would have authority to say, deposite the moneys
here or there, where I choose to designate the
place. The Treasurer's bond has been refei-ed
to—that instiument is in the penalty of $150,000
But could a bond in that paltry sum have been
designed to secure the whole treasure of the United
States > It was simply to control his own «edit,
not to sign warrants improperly. If, when the
public moneys are taken from the Bank of the
United States, the Treasuier can say, go there,
or there, could not the Secretary ordei them back >
Who would incur the responsibility of íemoval,
if he had not also the power of fixing upon the
place of deposite'
The next objection was the contingent trans-
fer drafts; and when gentlemen spoke on this sub-
ject it was with considerable asperity, which the
conduct of the Secretary did not justify.    If we
examine his whole conduct, we will find that he
was governed by vast libeiality towards the bank,
and with an aident desire to promote thecommer
cial facilities of the country.   The forms of trans-
fer were precisely the same as were uniformly used
by the Government, and the same kind of draft
which carried the public deposites into the Bank
of the United States originally.    He was deter-
mined to diaw the money out gradually, but he
was driven, by the conduct of the bank, from his
amicable disposition towards it, and then the pub-
lic money was spread over the various cities of the
Union for the commercial good    But it has been
said that the Secretary's conduct was disingenuous
in refeience to the transfer drafts     Now, if the
Senate would look over his conduct, they will find
that theiefwas m it no concealment or dismgenu-
ousness whatever.  Jf the bank had condescended
to inquire, it would have known of the existence
of the drafts.    Why did the bank, on the 1st Au-
gust, 1833, begin a rapid and ruinous curtailment,
merely to meet these drafts >   Some of them were
contingent drafts, not to be presented till the sec-
ond week in November.   The paper read to the
Cabinet was published in September, and all knew
the removal would ensue on the 1st October.   It
was in consequence of the uncertain state of things
produced by the fear of the deposite banks that a
run would be made upon them by the Bank of the
United States, that these diafts were given them
only to be used in case of the contemplated rush'
[Mr W here read the lettei of instructions of the
Secretary to the Guard Bank; also, his letter en-
closing the contingent diafts, also, the letterdated
7th October, 1833, to the deposits bank in Balti-
more ]    These letters show the liberal disposition
of Mr. Taney towards the Bank of the United
States, and show that the tiansfei diafts were only
to be used in case of a run.   Where, then, was
the want of candor on tne part of Mr Taney, or
an llhbeial or disingenuous featuie in his conduct?
His instructors weie, use the diafts in your own
defence—wait till you aie attacked, if theie is no I
rush, no demand for coin, founded on the puuhc I
deposites, don't Ube them, but return them to me
How different the conduct of the  Bank of the
United States, when, the other day, a rush was
madebyiton  the Bank of the Metropolis here
It had accumulated  $150 000 of their bills and
lefused to take then brunch diatts, but took from
the deposite bank -¡,50,000 m com, when the bianch
had  a larger amount in us vaults and the parent
 ?nkJlad lts mllllons-    This was the ¡eturn fot
Mr. Taney's libeiality     If he could advise Mr
laney, and he would be governed by a spirit of
retaliation, he would tell the Secietary to stand by
the public deposilesandi eject these branch drafts
But he designed no such thing, although it had
been mamated that such was his intention     It
was a mistake, although it had been decided'that
they were not bank notes, yet he would not take
advantage of the decision     He was governed
the wishes of the countiy, and an
"New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] as to the situation
in which the disbursing officers of the Government
would be placed in case the public money should
be lost—thatit would be the loss of the officer, and
not the Government. But this is a fallacy The
fourth section of the act of 4 h March, 1809, pro-
vides that the " public agents shall k ep the public
money in the incorporated banks designated "
Now, when it is placed there by the disbursing
officer, agreeably to law and the directions of the
President, the officer would, in no case of loss, be
liable. And yet this law was passed during the
existence of the old bank, authorizing the public
moneys to be placed in any incorporated bank,
which showed that they never looked to the Bank
of the United States as the only depository at that
time
Well,  the  public   moneys have been   trans-
ferred to local incorporated State banks, and the
Secretary had made contracts for their disburse-
ment, which have been scrutinized, and their whole
valid.ty denied    The gentleman from Kentucky,
i alluding to the law prohibiting the heads of de-
t partments fiom making any contracts, says the-
| Secietary had no power to malte cont-acts with
( the State banks     To this Mr W had a short but
conclusive answer    The power to make these
arrangements was an incident to, and followed the
I right to lemovethedeposites     It therefore follows
that the power to make the contract, and to carry
it into execution, arises out of the high political
powei of the United States
Mr  W. heiegave way to a motion for adjourn-
ment
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 17, 1834.
Mi  ADAMS, of Massachusetts, reminded the
House that he had given rotice that he would this
day renew his attempt to have the memorial from
the city of New York, in favor of a warehousing
system, referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures     Mr   A   had since received a copy of the
memorial, and he proceeded to review its contents.
The general object of the memorial was, to change
the law of 1832, a law which had been sometimes
■ termed a compromise.    It had not been expected
that the subject of the tariff would be touched at
| the present session, nor was he disposed to bnno-
it before the House    Mr. A then moved a recon°
sideration of the vote by which the memoiial had
been referred  to  the  Committee of Ways and
Means.
¡     Mr. CAMBRELENG expressed his surprise
] that any gentleman should oppose this measure,
especially a gentleman who was so intimately eon-
I nected with gentlemen who were now so clamor-
j ous for íelief, and constantly, m both Houses,
demanding it from their opponents    Hewassur-
l prised that the very first measure of relief should
meet with hostility fiom that quarter.    The peti-
tioners ask nothing more than an extension of the
warehousing system, which was already adopted
in regaid to wine and spirits, to teas also, as long
as the duties existed.    Under the present law, if
the duties on certain merchandize were not paid
within thiee months after their importation, they
were to be sold at auction.    For this law he voted,
for no other reason but to prevent the effusion of
blood in the country.    It was certainly proper at
this time to remove some of the objectionable
features of that law.    What would be the result,
it the prayer of the memorial was not granted'
lhe dry goods which are imported must, in many
ciases, come to auction, and be sacrificed by forced
sales for cash, daily and weekly, at all seasons,
whereby not only the merchants, but the domestic,
as well as the foreign manufactuier, would be
greatly injured     The merchants ask permission
to deposite their goods in the custody of the cus-
toms until they can find an opportunity to dispose
oy  j of them advantageously, and to be allowed a ciedit
try>    We will curtail
.                               -— 0-.."id of the country?
Another objection, urged by the gentleman from
*T'..Yh0 c,ares fcr the £°od ofthe country?
He regretted to see the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Apams,] throwing this impediment in
the way of the petitioners.   There were, on the
