1831.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
after some remarks made by Mr. T., were read, '
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered ;
to be printed.                                                                j
Mr. CH3B presented resolutions of the House ;
of Representatives of Kentucky, protesting against :
the dangerous power exercised oy the President '
of the United States, in causing the public moneys
to be removed from the Bank of the United States, ',
and complaining of the use of the veto power by ¡
the Executive. The resolutions were lead, refer- i
red to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to I
be printed.                                                                     \
O.i motion of Mr. MANGUM, the order to '
print G,000 copies of the report of the Judiciary
Commnteeon the message of the President, rela-
tive to the pension fund, was taken up.                   I
¡Mr. CALHOUN called for the reading of the i
report.                                                                            ]
After the reading, which occupied an hour and
five minutes—                                                              j
Mr. MORRIS moved, as an amendment, that !
G,000 copies of the President's message, the opin- ■
ion of the Attorney General, and the accompany- ¡
ins documents, also be printed; which amendment
was adopted, and the resolution, as modified, was !
agreed to.                                                                      ;
Ac two o'clock the special order of the day was
taken up, being the report of the Committee on
Finance, and Mr. Clay's resolution relative to
THE  RE .10VAL OF THE DEPOSITES.         j
Mr. WILKIN8 having resumed his remarks,
said that he endeavored yesterday, in an humble ;
manner, not only to show that the removal of the i
deposites wos n lightful exercise of authority on
the part of the Secretary of the Treasury, but the ':
mod  sanctioned by the usage of the department, j
by all the statesmen who have heretofore acted in '
the department, and by the laws of the country.
The expediency of the measure bore the Secretary !
out in hia reasons for the removal.    And in justi- 1
fying him, Mr. W. would assume the following \
positions.   The attitude of the bank in respect to i
the near termination of its charter; the rapid cur- I
tailment of its accommodations adopted on the 1st
of August; that the State banks are the only proper ¡
depositoues, in the absence of all lav/ providing I
for any other; that the present distresses of the ¡
country were  not  owing to  the removal of the ;
¿eposites, but to the harsh, vindictive spirit of the I
bank; and lastry, that they ought not to be re- :
Itored to the Bank of theUnited States, because the j
crisis must be met, and the restoration would only '.
produce the same, and greater disorder, when they
should ultimately be removed.  When a head cf a
aepartment is about to discharge a duty devolved
upon him  by an act of Congress, which would j
seriously affect the finances of the country, he ,
must   find bis justification in  the laws imposing ¡
the duty on him.    That he is confined to acting,
not on rumor, but to the provisions on the statute
book, and  the Secretary was bound to look no \
farther than the charter, by which the bank was \
to close its concerns on the 4th of March, 183H, I
two years and five months from the order of re- !
moval.    The term being thus fixed, the Secretary
could not suppose it would be extended one hour
longer.    He knew the bank was created on the
termination of the war to correct the disorder of
the currency, and assist the financial operations of
the country; that the crisis and emergency had
passed, and that no consideration of th  same kind
existed  for the continuance of the charter now.
And he had stronger reason for believing that the
two years given it after the expiration of its char-
ter contemplated its determination, and that the
farther  provision  in the  lG.h  section, gave the
power preparatory to the fin'al closing of the bank.
But if we were disposed to tell the Secretary that he
ought to have looked to public sentiment for his
course of action, what is the conclusion?   Every-
thing justified him in the conclusion he came to.
Thebill for rerhartering the bank had been lost,
. and the very Chief Magistrate who vetoed it was
reelected by the people.    Air. W. did not think,
with some gentlemen, that his reelection was a
decision against the bank.   He thought the people
looked beyond the bank question, and that thou-
sands voted for General Jackson, who, to-morrow,
would vote to recharter the batik.    Bis reelection
proved that duiing his second term the question
of-rechai'tering was settled and at an end. Gemle-
| men on this floor declared, after the veto message
; was received, that the President had assumed the
I responsibility of putting an end to the bank, and
; that the country ought to prepare for the termina-
I tion of its charter.   This was lije condensed ar-
; gument of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
| the whole country, the*Government, and every
1 individual, were bound to prepare for its downfall;
; and was the Government to be the last to prepare?
Mr. W. contended  that the question  presented
¡ was the renewal of the charter of the bank, and
1 the bank ought to come forward and have it set-
• tied; for if it is not to be renewed, the deposites
i oughtnotto be restored.    Thequestion, then, was
1 merely one of time when the íemoval should take
place.    Jt was an experiment that was to be done,
and there was little time for doing it in.
!     It was an experiment to ascertain whether the
country could get along withcut the Dank of the
United State?, and whether the State banks were
sufficient for the purposes cf Government?    !f it
were doubtful, the earlier it was made ihe better;
and if it faded before the 4 h of March, 1836, it
would be testing the necessity of the bank to the
Government.    [Mr.  W. then lead from the me-
monalof thebank to Congress in ¡831-'2, to show
that it admitted that the eaiher the question was
decided  that the' country could prepare for the
change arising from the non-renewal of the char-
ter, the better for the nation and the bank.]    The
allegation that theSecretary ought to have waited
' the sixty days till the meetmgof Congress, had no
weight; for if the bank had the right to the public
money, nothing could give Congrets jurisdiction
I over it but the pievioua action of the Secretary.
Neither the President nor the Secretary could bring
it before Congress, nor could Congress sjy the
Secretary must act.    But it was the original mten-
lion of the Secretary to have waited for the meet-
ing of Congress, and his determination was only
changed by the improper and resentful conduct of
(he bank itself.    The declaration of theSecretary,
at pa*ge nineteen of his report, Mr. W. referred
to as fully showing this,    ¡n August, while Mr.
Duane was Secretary, and supposed to be protecting
the interests of the bank, they commenced an im-
mediate and ruinous system of curtailment, which
clearly justifies the wisdom of the act, and shows
that the immediate action of the Secretary was
; necessary.   And now the bank seeks to press the
country by the same means which it used to pre-
! vent the removal.    The most proper places, then,
' for depositing the public money—there being no
National bank, no pi i vate depository, and no pro-
vision for the approaching termination of the char-
ter—was the local banks.    This selection was in
I accordance with all usage and precedent.    All the
Secretaries, and Mr. Duane himself, pointed to the
State banks as the proper depositories for the pub-
lic money.   And it was argued by some of the
most distinguished men opposed to the old bank,
that the State banks were the most appropriate
depositories.    And  this, too, was argued by the
gentleman from Virginia, opposite, [Mr. Tyler,]
in the House of Representatives, when contending
for the greater safety of the public money.    And
if the State banks were safe then, (during the war,)
why was not. the argument as good now, when
| banking is better understood, when capitals are j
1 larger, and they have had ample experience since ¡
I the" war?   They are now on a more solid founda- ¡
I tion, they are all snecie-paying banks, and are in- I
finitely more substantial than the branch banks, j
: In regard to the contracts of the Secretary, they i
are discreetand cautious, and were made with pru- j
.. dence and liberality, and with a true regard to the j
i interests of the commercial community.    Look at |
;  his arrangements, and it will be seen that they se- j
'! cure the same control which was provided by Mr. j
I' Crawford, and followed up by Mr. Rush in 18:26; j
1  and it is not correct now to say that the people ,
have confidence only in the Bank of the United ;
i States: because, wherever there are branch banks, ,
it will be found lhat the individual deposites are
■ greater in the State banks than they are in the ;
¡1 branches, and this remark equally applies to the j
1,1 private and public deposites in «H the large cities. ¡
¡,      [Mr. W. here  read the l?.le statements of the j
'l Bank o'f the United States to this pointof his argu- ■
''   taent-]                                                              . ,     ,      O.I
¡i     AstothcSecretary'sarrangementswitiithebtate
i! banks, it was attended with no expense whatever
to the Government, but was borne by the banks
themselves. His next point was, that the conduct
of the bank was resentful a«d coercive, and al-
though distress and pressure did exist, that it was
much magnified by the newspapers and the dis-
cussions here, which, if terminated, the distress
would subside, and the strength and elasticity of
the country would enable the community to ac-
commodate itself to the new condition of things.
There was abundance of resources in the country,
and the report of the New York committee, who
have just returned home from a visit to this place,
distinctly declares that they believe there is no
project here for any national bank—that there is
no struggle between Chestnut street and Wall
street; and they exonerate both thefirst asid second
officers of the Government from any such view or
intention. There is no such object, and if he
(Mr. W.) believed it was to terminate in a contest
between Chestnut street and Wall street, he would
abandon the course he had now taken, and cease
to sustain theactof the Secretary. Therewasno
such project; he could not be mistaken, and the
moment that question was presented, he should
instantly determine in favor of Chestnut street, in
the good city of William Penn. No. The rivalry
between Philadelphia and New York was of a
higher and more honorable character—it#was a
struggle in the great internal improvements which
they were both prosecuting for the trade cf the
great West, from which Pennsylvania would not
depart till she had succeeded in obtaining it. These
distresses were local, not national, or extending
over the whole land. He could not believe that
they had fallen on that class of citizens so valuable
to the country, and which he greatly respected—
he meant the American merchant—for which he
would make any sacrifice except the rights of the
Government to the ambition of thebank. Where
is the real evidence of distress ? There are no more
bankruptcies now than there were when the bank
was in the full enjoyment of its power; they were
confined to brokers, stockjobbers, and those who
live on every morning's uiscount obtained at the
bank. The great mass of the people were undis-
turbed—the bone and sinew of the country were
unembarrassed—all the elements of prosperity are
among us, and our resources abundant; and
therefore the time was peculiarly appropriate for
the removal of the deposites. But the bank ef-
fected its ruinous curtailment when the late instal-
ments of the public debt which were paid had not
time to seek investment, and now we have the
same alarm resounded as when theboid bank went
down in 1811. What has produced the present
calamities of the country is an important ques-
tion, and he (Mr. W.) believed it was the bank,
which, in the spirit of resentment which it had
exhibited, in the language"of$the gentleman from
Massachusetts, broke up the amity existing be-
tween it and the local banks. If the'bank thought
proper to quarrel with the Administration, was
that a reason for breaking up the amity between
it and the State banks?
Mr. W. then proceeded at some length to ex-
plain the effect which the system of cash duties
had in producing the prevailing distress, when he
gave way, at half past three o'clock, to
Mr. MANGUM, who observed that a meeting
was about assembling in the Supreme Courtroom
in consequence of the melancholy death of Mr.
Wirt, which had just taken place; and, with the
permission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
he would move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILKINS having yielded the floor,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuemiay, Febiuary 18, 1834.
Mr. GORHAM presented a report from the
minority of the Committee of Ways and Means
on the subject of the pension agency by the Bank
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. J. a. ADAMS submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day for
consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House a statementof the
facts relating to the disallowance by the accounting
