186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Jabez W Huntington, William Cost Johnson,
Seaborn Jones, King, Lay, Lewis, Love, Loyall,
Martwdale, Marshal), John Y Mason, McComas,
McDuffie, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Moore,
Patton, Pinckney, Pluramer, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Rencher, Selden, William B Shepard, Augustine
H. Shepperd, William Slade, Sloane, Spanglei,
William P Taylor,Phiiemon Thomas,Tompkins,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Edward D.
White, P. Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Williams, Wilson, Wise, Young—112
Mr. CLAY asked the yeas and nay's on the
mam question, and they were ordered
The main question, on the motion of Mr. POLK,
to refer the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
to the Committee of Ways and Means, was then
taken, and decided m the affirmative, as follows
YEAS—Messrs John Adams, William Allen,
Baylies, Beale, Bean, Beaidsley, Beaumont,
John Bell, James Blair, John Blair, Bockee,
Bodle, Boon, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum,
Cambreleng, Carmichael, Can, Casey, Chaney,
Chinn, Samuel Claik, Clay, Coffee, Connor,
Coulter,Cramei,Davenport,Day,Philemon Dick-
enson, David W Dickinson, Dunlap. Ewuig,
Porestei, Fowler, William K Fuller, Galbraith,
Gholson, Gillet, Gilmer, Joseph Hall, Thomas
H. Hall, Halsey.Hamei, Hannegai', Joseph M
Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Abel Huntington,
Inge, Jai vis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah John-
son, Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Ben]imin
Jones, Kavanagh, King, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing,
Laporte, Lawrencs, Lea, Leavitt, Loyall, Lucas,
Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann, Mar-
dis, John Y Mason, Moset> Mason, McCarty,
Mclntire, McKay, McKim, McKmley, McLene,
McVean, Miller, Hemy Mitchell, Robert Mitch-
ell, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parks,
Parker, Patton, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Pey-
ton, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Piummer, Polk,
Pope, Schenok, Schley, Selden, Shmn, Charles
Slade, Smith, Speight, Standifer, Stoddert, Suth-
erland, William Taylor, William P. Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turnll, Van-
ierpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Ward-
well, Wayne, Webster, Whallon, Campbell P.
White—130
NAYS—Messrs J Q, Adams, Heman Allen,
John J Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ashley,
Hanks, Barber, Barnitz, Barrmgei, Bates, Beatty,
Jas M Bell, Binney, Briggs, Bull, Burd, Bulges,
Cage, Chambers, Chilton, Choate, Claiboine,
Wm Clark, Clayton, Clowney, Coiwm, Crane,
Crockett, Darlington, Wan en R Davis, Amos
Davis, Debeiry, Deming, Denny, Dennis, John
Dickson, Duncan, Evanij,Edward Everett,Horace
Everett, Felder, Fillmore, Toot, Fostei, Philo C.
Fullei, Fulton, Gamble, Gordon, Gorham, Gra-
ham, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall,
Ilaid, Haidin, James Harper, Hazeltme, Heath,
Hiestei, J. W. Huntington, William Cost John-
son, Lay, Lewis, Love, Martmdale, Marshall,
McComas, McDuffie, McKennan, Meicer, Mil-
ligan, Moore, Pinckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Renchei, William B Shepaid, A H Shepperd,
W Slade, Sloane, Spanglei, Philemon Thomas,
Tompkins, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough,
Edward D White, F Whittlesey, Elisha Whit-
tlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise, Young
—98
Mr JONESi of Georgia, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offei a resolution for the
instruction of the Committee of Waysand Means
Refused
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Wldnesday, Ftbivaiy 19, 1834
A message was íeceived from the President of
the United States, by Mr Donelsov, his Pnvate
Secretary
Mr KANE presented the petition of sundry
inhabitants of Illinois, praying the passage of a
preemption law whic'i was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands
Mr TIPTON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, lepoited a b'll for the relief of Lucy
Lootnis
Mr TIP f ON presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Indiana, asking an appropriation by Con-
gress for the improvement of the Wabash river,
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals
Mr POINDEXTER, fiom the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas S. Martin.
Mr.POINDEXTER.fromthesame committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of thememonal of the Legislature of Alabama,
relative to a grant of lands for the endowment of
male and female academies Mr P s'a'ed the
committee had the subject at large before them, and
they thought it unnecessary to report specifically
upon this memorial He moved that it be laid
upon the table until other bills of asimilai charac-
ter were taken up
Mi POINDEXTER, agieeably to notice, intro-
duced a billlimiting the time of advertising public
lands for sale at not less than foui, noi moie than
six months, which was read twice and commit-
ted
Mr LINN asked that the report of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, on the petition of
Colonel White, together with the petition and ac-
companying documents, be printed, which was so
ordered
Mr TOMLINSON presented the memorial of
the Selectmen of Norwalk, Connecticut, asking an
appronnation for the improvement of that liar
bor, which wasrefeired to the Committee on Com-
mei ce
Mr. TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pension , reported a bill, from the House of Rep-
resentatives, making appropr tions for the pay-
ment of certain pensioners, with various amend-
ments
Mi MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, íeported a bill from the House of
Representatives, without amendment, foi the relief
of the heirs of the late Dr. John Berrien.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the petition of
the officers and the crew of the privateer General
Armstrong, asking remuneration for services per-
formed dunng the late war, which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the proceedings
of a meeting of citizens of New York, disapprov-
ing of the course of the Secretary of the Tieasui y
in removing the deposites, and asking then resto-
ration to the Bank of the United States.
Also, the  proceedings of a great Democratic
Republican meeting, heldin the Park, city of New
Yoik, sustaining the Administration in its meas
ores in removing the deposites from the Bank of
the United States
Also, the pioceedingsof a numerous meeting of
Demociatic citizens at Tammany Hall, in New
York, (which wasbioughtto this city by a highly
respectable committee,) of similar import with
those at the Paik.
These several proceedings were read, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and oidered to be
printed
Petitions of a private nature were presented by
Messrs TIPTON and TALLMADGE, which
were referíed tc-the usual committees.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr TIPTON:
llesolvd, That the Committee on Public Lands
be directed to «iquire into the expediency of au--
thonzmg the Secretary of the Tieasuryto correct
an erroneous entry of the numbers of three sec
tions of the lands granted to aid the State of Indi-
ana in constructing a road fiom the Ohio river to
Lake Michigan
By Mr  EWING.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquiie into the justice and expe-
diency of paying to George C Johnson, out of
the annuities accruing to the Shawnee nation of
Indians, theamount of ten several bonds foi $2,000
each, which he holds against the chiefs and war-
riors of said nation.
Mr McKEAN presented a memorial from a
meeting of citizens of the county of Erie, in the
extreme west of the State of Pennsylvania, and
also another from a meeting of citizens m German-
town, in the extreme east of the State, both ex-
pi casing directly opposite views on the topic w Inch
now agifates the country He regietted to say
that both the memorials contained expressions
whicn did not meet his appiobation
He moved that they be separately read, and
referred to the Committee on Finance, and be
punted.
After the memorials were read,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said, it was with great
reluctance that he lose at any time to sayanyihmg
upon jjetitions or memorials presented to the Sen
ate But the characters of both these memorials
are so exceptionable, that the Senate owed it to its
own dignity and the preservation of its own char-
acter, to refuse to punt them, but should lay them
on the table, where they ought to he, under the
indignant frown of the Senate If we allow de-
nunciations of the Senate, and its presiding officer,
in such unqualified teims, where shall we stop'
It is right that gentlemen should state the substance
of petitions on presenting them, and if they are
found calculated to mislead the public mind, we
should refuse to countenance them. He regretted
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Mc-
Kean] thought it his duty to present these memo-
rials For himself, he would not have done so.
He made no exception to a decent expiession of
opinion The doois of the Sens'e and the ears of
Senatois weie open, and they would always
be heard. «But where denunciation, abuse, and
calumny chaiactenzed their petitions, we should
suffer ourselves to be merely the channel through
which denunciatory jmmphlets, not calculated to
promote the interests of the country, were sent
abroad, if they were to be received, printed, and
referred He was certain no Senator here thought
they ought to be received, and with permission of
the gentleman who presented them, he would
malte a motion to that effect.
Mi McKEAN said, he felt no anxiety thathis
motion should prevail. He had consulted his col-
league on the subject, who thought it was be'ter
to piesent them. He stated, on presenting them,
that they contained expressions which he depre-
cated, and he did so still. But he hadbroughtthe
memorials befoie the Senate, he disapproved of
their language, and he hoped he should receive no
more of them The gentleman [Mr King] might
make the motion if he chose
Mr KING then moved that the Senate refuse
to receive the memonals
Mr. FORSYTH observed that there were ex-
pressions in these memorials which weie certainly
very offensive, and in very bad taste. But he did
not know how the Senate could prescribe the
manner in which the people should express them-
selves either to this or any other body He had
no objection to laying these memorials on the
table, but he objected to refusing to receive them;
for there was scarcely one presented here which
did not contain some exceptionable expressions
He did not defend these, they weie very obnox-
ious, and in bad taste, but he held that the people
had a right to express themselves, and they had
also a right to choose the'Ianguage in which to
convey their expressions He hoped the gentle-
man [Mr King] would not press his motion, but
allow them to lie on the table
Mr SPRAGUE entirely concuired with the
gentleman who had justsat down, thattheexpres-
sions were highly offensive But in times like the
present, when the people were laboring under
severe pressure and distress, and the most gloomy
apprehensions of its continuance, he for one, would
notiefuse to hear them, in any language, and the
Senate weie bound to listen to them. The ex-
pressions in the first memonal which was read
referred to the Senate—they were certainly very
disrespectful in calling this an aristocratic body,
but we could not close our ears to them, and if
people were taught to view this body as dangerous
to the liberties of thepeople, letusheai theirvoice.
This was not the first time the Senate had been at-
tempted to be prostrated—had been struck at, and
we could not ward off the blow by íefusing to re-
ceive them He would not consent to print them,
but he held that the people had a light to send their
memorials heie, and we were bound to receive
them, and bound to give them such consideration
as they mented But the reflections upon the pre-
siding officer of the Senate weie peculiarly offen-
sive and objectionable, and he would be among tne
foremost to condemn it, because that officer had
