188-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
country—now represented as the best and most |
prosperous on earth—which relies for its prosperity |
on the restoration of the deposites.   The report of ;
the late New York committee, who were on a visit !
here, says the country is blessed with abundance,
and they spoke like men honorably relying on the
resources of the country.    Frankly believing the
original question to be changed, he would yield for
a moment, that it might not have been expedient
to remove the deposites; but as the act had been
fairly and honorably done, and the experiment
made, which must be made, the question presented
a new aspect, and it would now only add to the
disorders of the country to restore them.    If the
bank is not to be rechartered, and he presumed it
was conclusive that it would not be—why restore
the deposites?   If he could be satisfied that there
was a reasonable likelihood  of a recharter, he
would rise at midnight to vote for the restoration
of the deposites.
There was one point more which he would ad-
vert to. It was said that the bank ought to have
been proceeded against by scirefacias, thus giving
to the bank the advantage of a judge, and a trial
by jury. If this course was calculated to meet all
the errors and abuses charged against it, he would
admit the justice of the argument. The charter
says, either the President or Congress may direct
a scire facias to be issued in case of a violation of
the charter. But for other vast abuses, infinitely
above a mere violation of the charter, the proceed-
ing by scire facias is not to be used, but the removal
of the deposites resorted to. For interfering in the
politics of the country, for proceeding in various
ways to cripple the.commerce of the country, the
■scire facias affords no remedy. But suppose Con-
gress had ordered a scire facias, would not the
removal of the deposites also follow of course ?
Would you pursue the judicial proceeding, and yet
leave the deposites? Topreventagreaterdisorderof
the currency the Administration pursued the most
discreet course? For if the removal of the deposites
could affect the country so seriously, what would
have been the consequence of a total overthrow of
thebanlt? Mr. W.said hegave way tono despond-"!
ency—he feared no revolution, present or prospect-
ive. . The bank might control the currency of the
country, and produce distress for a time, but it ¡
would emerge from it with still greater strength; j
and while it was attempting to arrogate to itself ¡
power over the Government, he would appeal to j
¡lis own State to resist its unwarrantable assump- i
tion, and call on Congress to drive back so usurp-
ing an institution.
Mr. TYLER obtained the floor, and moved an
adjournment.    He gave way, however, at the in- '
• stance of
Mr. CLAY, who suggested that considerable
business had accumulated, nnd the usual hour of
adjournment not having arrived, he hoped that the
Senate would continue its session, and dispose
of a portion of it.                                                          I
Mr. TYLER withdrew his motion for adjourn-
ment.
Mr. WAGGAMAN submitted  a resolution,
which lies one day, restricting the issuing of any
notes within the District of Columbia, of a less ¡
denomination than five dollars.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The resolutions of Messrs. Chambers, Tipton,
and Hendricks, previously submitted, were taken
up and adopted.
The bill to repeal the force bill was then taken
up, and, on motion of Mr. CALHOUN, made the
order ot the day for Monday fortnight.                 . ',
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of sundry '
citizens of New York, praying an  extension of
time for the payment of levenue bonds; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
The special order, being Mr. Clay's resolution i
and the report of the Committee on Finance, was
postponed till Monday next.
On motion of Mr. TYLER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 19, 1834.
Mr. CEiANEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Manassah
U. Stith; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, from the select
committee on coins, reported a bill regulating the
value of certain foreign gold coins in the United
States.    Read twice, and committed.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill concerning the gold and
silver coins of the United States, and for other
purposes. Read twice, committed, and, together
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JARVIS, from theCommittee on the Public
Buildings, made a report on the subject of the
public buildings; which, on his motion, was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The following resolution, submitted on the 14th
ultimo by Mr. MARms.of Alabama, was taken
up:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of designating by law the future depository of the
public moneys of the United States; and, also, as
to the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the safe-keeping, manage-
ment, and disbursement of the same.
Mr. MARDIS then modified his resolution, so
as to make it read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary, for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. MARDIS said, that in submitting his views
on the subject of the resolution, he did not feel
called upon to prove that the Treasury Depart-
ment was an Executive department, or to consider
whether the President of the United States has or
has not been guilty of improper acts in relation to
the Treasury. He knew that grave charges had
been brought against the President in reference to
the transaction, but he did not think it incum-
bent on him to undertake the vindication of the
President from these charges. A long life, spent
iñ the faithful service of his country, was the best
and a sufficient answer to chem. Neither should
he institute an inquiry into the reasons of the Sec-
retary for the removal of the public deposites from
the United States Bank, nor into the several
charges made against the Bank of the United
States His views on these topics were sufficiently
indicated by his recorded votes on the proposition
sent to the Committee of Ways and Means. He
had introduced this resolution on the thorough
conviction that the public deposites would not be
restored to the Bank of the United States, and
that the Bank of the United States would not be
rechartered. If he was right in this supposition,
then it follows, as a necessary consequence, that
some other depository of the public money must
be sought for and regulated by law. Sir, (said
Mr. M.,) am I right in these conclusion? I ask
the House to refer to the state of public opinion
on the subject of the bank in 1832. The subject,
at that time, was not much agitated. We could
learn the sense of the community through their
representatives on this floor. Was not the gen-
eral feeling of Congress and of the community
then in favor of the bank ? Is it not recollected
that there was a decided majority in favor of
renewing the charter of the>bank? It was then
thought an idle matter by somegentlemen to inves-
tigate the concerns of the bank. The feelings of
the House then corresponded with those of the
community. The people were then in favor of
rechartering the bank. Has any individual for-
gotten the state of feeling then exhibited in Con-
gress? Has any one forgotten the indictment
against the bank then filed by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Clayton?] Has anyone forgotten
his predictions at the time? 1 have the charges
before me, seven in number, and all of grave im-
port. It now becomes a matter of great import-
ance to see what they are. Mr. M. proceeded
to read them, as follows:
"1. The illegal issue of seven millions of branch
' bank orders as currency.
"2. Usurious contracts relative to depreciated
' bank notes at the West. [Mr. Clayton read a
part of the reported case in the United States
Supreme Court, Bank of the United States us.
Owings el a¡., which proved, he said, a distinct
case of usury; and there were many other instances
ill Ohio and Kentucky, involving nearly a million
dollars in each of those States-.]
"3. The practice of compelling borrowers to
' draw domestic bills at an usurious discount, in
' cases where simple loans of money were re-
1 quested.
"4. The non-user of charter from 1819 to 1829,
' in not issuing notes from the branches of the
'South and West.
" 5. Building houses for rent. [Mr. C. con-
tended that purchases of plantations, or any spec-
ulations in real estate, were contrary to the char-
ter.]
" 6. Of the capital stock there was not a due
' proportion of coin. [He said the Government
deposites were $16,000,000; those of individuals
$8,000,000; the circulation above $20,000,000.
To meet all these, they had not more than
$7,000,000.]
"7. Foreigners voting for directors through
trustees."
These charges were submitted to the House by
the gentleman from Georgia, at the time when the
proposition to send a committee of investigation
to Philadelphia was under consideration. Were
these charges, sir,sustained? Thegentleman was
a member of the committee, and he had pledged
himself to examine into the matter. What was
his report? Why, that he had found all these
allegations to be true. This report, in connection
with another important document, was sentabroad
to the people in every part of the country. It had
everywhere aroused the public mind to a sense>of
the dangerous character df the institution. Does
any one say that these charges are not sustained?
The gentleman assured the country that they were
all made out. Last year the gentleman added
another item to the list of charges. When the
question was raised whether the Bank of the
United States was a safe depository of the public
money, the gentleman said that it was not a safe
depository. What was the result, sir, of all these
investigations? The people of the United States
sustained the bill of indictment which the gentle-
man had filed. They had rendered their verdict
upon it, both by the reelection of the President
and by the return of Representatives to this Hall.
¡ He would ask gentlemen to look for a confirma-
j tion of the fact to the representation of New York,
of Ohio, and of Pennsylvania. .The charges of
! the gentleman from Georgia had been sustained
by the people, and there was now a general feeling
of hostility against the bank. The people had
pronounced their verdict by sending to this House
a decided majority against the bank. Now, he
understood it to be the wish of thegentleman from
Georgia to enter a nolle prosequi in the case. This
may be considered as proper practice in the State
of Georgia, but he doubted whether it was a prac-
tice which would be found to prevail in any other
State, even if it was the practice there.
But, sir, am I not right in the conclusion that
there has been a great change of sentiment in rela-
tion to the bank since 1832; that the bank will not
be rechartered, and that the deposites will not be
restored, unless there should occur some great and
! unexpected change in thepublic sentiment? Butwe
are told by gentlemen that there is to be a great
change of public sentiment. A great revolution is
expected. The people are modestly told that they
are laboring under agross delusion on the subject,
and that they are to be enlightened and freed from
a tyrant's grasp. By whom are they thus told?
Is it true that the President of the United States
alone has produced an entire revolution in public
sentiment? Would it not deprive the gentleman
from Georgia, and the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Archer,] of much of the credit due to them,
hf attributing the change of popular sentiment
wholly to the President? Did not the gentleman
from Virginia, last year, tell the people that the
Bank of the United States was an unsafe depos-
itory of the public money? Will he now tell the
people who confided in him that he formed an
opinion last session without proper information?
No.   The nature of the evidence which he sent
