THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      _____________Feb. 26,
Mr, CHILTON thought, under all the circum-
stances, that it was only an act of courtesy to
accede to the motion
Mr. POLK explained the grounds upon which
the Committee of Ways and Means had acted in
reporting the bill, m conformity to estimates fur-
nished from the War Department,and said although
he did not think it necessary himself to recommit
the bill, yet as there was a general desire to have
a discussion upon it, and as he could not have
anything to fear from that discussion, he would
at once withdraw his opposition to the motion
Mr. McDXJPPIE thereupon, by unanimous
consent of the House, withdrew his call for the
yeas and nays.
So the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill making appropriations for Indian annu-
ities for 1834 having been taken up—
Mr. HORACE EVERETT withdrew a motion
made by him for its recommitment.
The question then being, Shall the bill pass>
Mr. McKAY desired to Know if theie was any
intention, on the part of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to re|-ort a bill for the regulation of mter-
couise with the Indian tnbea
Mr. H. EVERETT replied that it was his in-
tention to do so
After some conveisation, in which Messrs
McKAY, FOLK, FILLMORE, ASHLEY, and
H. EVERETT took part-
Mr McKAY moved to recommitthe bdl to the
Committee on Indian Affairs—negatived—70 to
102
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE
Wedvesday, February 26, 1834.
A message upon executive business was re-
ceived fiom the Piesident of the United States, by
Mr  Donelson, his Pnvate Secretary.
Mr. CHAMBERS presented the memorial of
3 55Scitizensof Balumoie,composedofmeicbants,
mediamos, manufactuiers, cLc , attubuung the
depression in the money market ex lusively to
the conduct of the Bank of the United States, and
expressing the greatest confidence in the Execu-
tive It was ihewish of the memorialists that the
deposites might not beiectoied, and that the Bank
of the United States might not be íecharteied
Mr C. íeniaiked 'hat the committee, now in this
city, was composed of gentlemen oí respectability
and woith On his motion, the memorial was
jead, referred to the Committee on Fmanct, and
ordcied to be printed
Mi WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a report on the petition of James
Vernon, which was read and oideied to lie on tne
table
Mr WEBSTER moved, in pursuance of notice,
that the Senate proceed to execu'tve business
Mi. CHAMBERS, in consequence of the .ndis-
position of his colleague, [Mr Kent,] hoped thii>
motion would not be pressed
Mr WEBSTER then waived the motion, but
signified his determination to renew it at an early
hour to-monow.
On motion of Mr GRUNDY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the election of a member of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, vacated by
the resignation of the Hon. Mr Riycs, of Vn-
gima, when Mr  Robinson was appointed
Mi. McKEAN presented amemonal signed by
1,878 citizens of Berks county, Pennsylvania, in
favoi of a restoration of the deposites.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of inhabit
ants of the Northern Liberties of Philadelphie, of
the same tenor
Also, one from citizens of Schuylkill county,
opposed to the restoration of the depos'tes
Ihe memoiials and proceedings weie read,
•when Mr McKEAN moved that they be referred
to the Committee on Finance, and be printed
After some remarks bv Mr   McKEAN, Mi
CLAY, and Mr   CLAYTON, the motion was
agreed to
Mr WHITE submitted the follow.ng resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy
Affairs be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of providing by law for the appointment of a
chaplain to be attached to the battalion of mounted
íangers, laised for tb.8 defence of the fronfers
Mr. CLAY presented a copy of a memorial fiom
a large number of <*itizens of the city of Louis-
ville, Kentucky, which had been presented in the
House of Representatives, complaining of great
pecuniary distress in that city, and attributing it to
the removal of the deposites Mr C took the oc-
casion to speak at length of the prosperous state of
affairs in Kentucky, when helefthomem Septem-
ber, as compared with the representations he had
received of its situation now. That such was the
panic existing there, that all who had bank notes
were getting specie for them and hoarding it up as
fast as they could, and that the only remedy was
a restoration of the deposites and the recharter of
the bank. Mr C. said that the existence of dis-
tress was now admitted by all. That although
the gentleman fiom Georgia spoke a shoit time
ago of the exemption of the city of hit, residerce
fiom the prevailing pressure, yet that he (Mr C )
had this morning seen an account of a town meet-
ing held theie on this very sub]ect. Up admitted
that the cause of the distress was a subject ot much
dispute, but that whatever the cause might be, it
was the duty of all to consider whether it was
practicable to afford relief, and if it was, to apply
it without regard to party. The President and
Secretary had both said that a leading motive with
them for removing the deposites, was to compel
the bank to wind up its concerns and close its
doors But now it was stud that the bank was
the cause of the distress, because it had begun to
wind up, and that it could grantrehef by not doing
so He had no doubt but it could give íelief, but
it must be under different cucumstances from what
gen'lemen thought If itcouid berechartered,and
receive an assuiance that it would meet wi h no
attack from the Executive, he believed it could
give lehef in thirty days He comp'ained of gen-
tlemen calling on the bank for relief, if it were
guilty of all the ehaiges which were brought
against it
Mr C then adverted to the safety fund bank-
ing system of New York, and the attempt by the
Pi esident, and Secietary of theTieasuiv, to intro-
duce the same system among the deposite banks,
and took up and examined the list of banks in that
State, ana spoke of the insecurity and danger of
the whole system That of the sixty nine banks,
thirty had less than ten thousand dollars in specie,
six of them less than five thousand dollnrs, and
one—the Bonk of Ithaca, with nearly three hun-
dred thousand dollars of bills in circulation—had
foui thousand dolíais in «pecie He thought such
a state of thingsain i elation lo those banks might
exist in times of public confidence and security,
but in case ofoveitrading, ora panic,such as now
prevailed, they must blow un Although he was
in favor of a recharter of the bank, yet he trusted
no proposition for that purpose wou'd be submit-
ted till the violated laws and Constitution of the
country should be vindicated, fhe struggle we
were engaged in, was an arduous one, but it we5
one between a single man with asiaw'ingauny of
forty thousand officers on the one side, and the
people on the other Still he doubted not that the
people would ultimately prevail Mr C then
commented on the leportcf thePhiladelph ur-om-
mittee who viMted the President a short timesirre
for the purpose of explaining to him the'r views of
the prevailing dis'ress m thecoromunity, and con-
demned in unmeasured teims the reply of the
President as reported by those gentlemen
Mr TALLM4BGE said he was unwilling to
occupy the time of the Senate on a meie incidental
question, and more especially was 1 e reluctant to
¡nte-fero with the Senator, [Mr Hill,] who was
entitled to the floor on the ma,n question of de-
bute But he could not fo> bear- to sav a word or
two in relation to the Safety Fund System of New
York, which had been the subject of animadver-
sion by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mi Ci 4y,]
it was a topic which the Senator seemed to cher-
ish wi'h much care It had afforded him occasion
for remark from the very commencement of the
session to the present time In the mam debate
on the dtposites, be hail dwelt upon it in a man-
ner calculated to excite the public mind against
those banks in the State of New York, which
were denominated Safety Fund Banks. Mr. T.
sa'd he had intended, at a proper time, to reply to
the Senator on that subject, and the opportunity
might yet offer to enable him to do it At pres-
ent, he would confine himself to a few remarks,
as the time had already arrived to proceed with
the special order of the day.
It would, no doubt, afford gratification to some
gentlemen, if the safety fund banks were in a
woise condition even than they themselves have
repiesented them; or if disaster should befall any
of them The Senator fiom New Jersey, [Mr.
Southard,] as well as the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr Ewj\g,] had, on a former day, alluded to
them, and the latter gentleman, whilst he consid-
ered all State banks unsafe and unfit to sustain the
currency of the country, was pleased to say, he
deemed the safety fund banks of New York more
unsafe than any others, that they were far behind
the banks of Omo and the western States, and we
are now told, on his authority, that the want of
confidence in the banks of his own State, is such,
at this time, that the people of the country are call-
ing for specie, and carrying it away by bagsfull.
This alaim, Mr T. said, might be true, still he
had confidence m the banks of Ohio, but did it
show the condition of those banks to be preferable
to the safety fund banks ? Mr T. said, when he
heard gentlemen talk so much about this system,
and decry us safety, he could not persuade him-
self that they possessed any very accuiate inform-
ation in relation to it Fie had hoped that some
one of those who had taken this subject into their
special charge, would, whilst they weie arraigning
it before the Senate, condescend to explain it Mr.
T said he would yield the floor to the honorable
Senatoi from Kentucky, if he would vouchsafe an
explanation
Mr. CLAY said, he understood by the safety
fund system, the sixty-nine banks were connected
together and responsible to each other. That
they each contributed a ceitam percentage to
protect the people against a blow-up of any one,
or all of them He had understood that they had
raised a fund of some $280,000 for that purpose,
and tnat the responsibility was only to the extent
of the fund so raised The gentleman thought it
hard that others shou d notice this system, and if
it was continued only to New York, and no other
Sta'e was to be affected by it, perhaps it would
not be proper to notice it But as every State was
more or less affected by the banking operations of
the others, it was light to look to the condition of
those banks, and especially, too, when the Secie-
tary of the Treasury announced his purpose of
trying the same system in other parts of the Uni-
ted States. The gentleman did him great injus-
tice by saying that he would see with satisfaction
the fall of the New York banks. He would be
happy if the gentleman "ou!d make out that they
were safe Mi. C. had seen the report of the
commissioners of the safety fund, and there was
one item in it of which he had not heard a satis-
factory solution by any New York gentleman to
whom he had spoken on the sulject—it was the
item of the five millions Fie was not quite so
ignorant of the trade of New York as the gentleman
seemed to suppose He was aware that the banks
in the interior draw on the city banks, and wmle
publ'C confidence was not impaired, it might goon
safelv But row, if the farmer would say he did
not want their psper. but must have ppecie, what
wou'ci become of them > Tne gentleman thought
he knew nothing of the safety fund system, and
he hoped he would have no occasion to know any
BO" of It
Mr TALLMADGE resumed—
From the Senator's explanation, he perceived
his knowledge of the system was as imperfect and
as limited as he had anticipated Th< very appli-
cation of it which he has made to the State banks
e-nployed by the Secret iry of the Treasury for the
deposite of the public funds shows that he has a
veiy inadequate idea of the sys'em He objects
lo the uys'em being extended through the Un'on
by the Secretary of the Treasury under Executive
management Fie has told us that a fund is pio-
vided by the contribution of tne banks of a certain
pet cent , and that that fund .s responsible for any
deficiency of an mso'vert bank Wheiem (said
Mr T ) does the ¡senator find any resemblance or
