1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   2*07
less was he disposed now, when so much was said
 3 to the tendency of power and patronage, and of
responsibility to the Executive, to cast from us any
dunes which have been performed, or any respon-
sibilities which have hitherto rested here, unless
the reason for such transfer shall appear obvious
and conclusive.
It was more than fifty years since the passage of
the resolution referred to by the committee as the
foundation of commutation claims. The subject
of making suitable provision for the officers of the
armv of the Revolution was one of the deepest and
most intense interest, not only to the officers them-
selves, but to the country generally, from 1778,
down to the passage of the commutation resolve of
1783. Mr. P. apprehended that individuals having
substantial claims against the Government did not
often remain long in ignoiance of the fact, and he
was curious to know how it happened that these
claims had slumbered during the whole of this pe-
riod. Considering the frequency and earnestness
with which the subject was urged upon Congress
by the Father of his country, and the anxiety with
which it was regarded by the officers themselves,
it was not to Ve presumed that any were so listless
as to remain in the dark with regard to their own
rights. In his judgment, it was reasonable to sup-
pose that the number of legal and just claims would
by this time have been so far diminished as to
leave little for the action of Congress or of any de-
partment.
Since, however, that which might naturally
have been expected to occur, seemed not to have
obtained in this particular instance, he knew not
that he should have raised any serious objections
to sendmgthe claims to the Treasury Department,
provided they were to go there relying upon their
merits, and depending for their allowance upon
evidence, ordinarily required,of revolutionary ser-
vices, and not upon presumptions. If the bill did
not embrace the rules that are to be regarded as
fixed principles, and to which he trusted he should
be able to satisfy the House there were strong, if
not insurmountable objections, it would still be
exc.-ptionable. He understood that it was not
formerly the practice of Congress to allow interest
upon these claims, even where they were brought
by satisfactory evidence within the provisions of
the resolution of 1783; and it struck him that a dif-
ferent practice never should have obtained, except
in cases where the claimant furnished sufficient
reasons for his delay, showing that it was attribu-
table to no fault or negligence on his part. If cor-
rect in this view, it would be clearly wrong to
sanction the principle generally, as is provided by
the third section of the bill.
In speaking of what he considered to be the
most objectionable features of the bill, Mr. P. said
he should confine himself chiefly to its operation
upon those who were entitled to half pay for life
under the resolve of 1780, at the second important j
change in the arrangement of the army after its \
establishment. And to some portion of the history j
of thesubsequentactionofCoagressupon thesub- i
ject, it might be proper for him to call the attention
of the House. By the resolution just referred to,
those who were reduced by the arrangement which
then took place, as well as those who served to the
close of the war, were entitled to half pay for life.
That this provision was made under very peculiar
circumstances, was matter of history, and it was
well known to all within the reach of his voice, that
it was regarded with jealousy and dissatisfaction,
both by the soldiers, whp had behaved with equal
valor and endured equal hardships, and by the citi-
zens generally. They regarded it as anti-republi-
can—they thought it setting up, in the then young
republic, invidious distinctions, and establishing
for that generation, at least, a privileged and pen-
sioned class, inconsistent with the equal rights for
which they had been contending, and at variance
with the genius and sphitof such agoyernment as
they hoped to see established and maintained.
In March, 1783, a change was made; and what
was the moving cause of that change ? A memo-
rial from the officers themselves. The preamble
of the resolution recites that, " Whereas, the offi-
'cers of the several lines, under the immediate
' command of his Excellency General Washington,
' did, by their late memorial transmitted by their
' committee, represent to Congress, that the half
' ray> granted by sundry resolutions, was regard-
' ed in an unfavorable light by the citizens of some
' of these States, who would prefer a compensation
'for a limited term of years or by a sum in gross,
' to an establishment for life," &c. To satisfy the
memorialists and the country, five years' full pay
was granted, in lieu of half pay for life; and it is
for this commutation that petitions are now pour-
ing in upon you, and claims, arising under the
resolution just referred to, and those, the adjust-
ment of which the bill proposes to transfer to the
Treasury Department, with rules of evidence,
which might possibly facilitate, as the committee
suppose the allowance of some just claims, but
which will at the same time open a wide door for
imposition and for the assertion of rights which
have no legal or equitable foundation, and which
may still be honestly urged by the heirs of de-
ceased officers. Sir, said Mr. P., is it not admitted,
by the report, that this will be the operation to
some extent? Speaking of these rules, the com-
mittee say:
" It is possible that their universal application
' may lead to the allowance of some claims which
' do not come strictly within the original terms; but
' this will be no new evil; and it is certain that if
' they are not applied many just claims must be
1 rejected for the want of technical proof."
To the correctness of this last clause he must be
excused for withholding his assent.
If evil has heretofore arisen, oris liable to arise,
from application to the said rules of evidence, is
that now to be used as an argument in favor of
transferring duties from the House to one of the
departments, and transferring them with instruc-
tions binding the Secretary, and making certain
the continuance of the evil' He trusted not. If
presumption and not evidence was to be the ground
on which claims are to beallowed, in any instance,
would it not be more wise to retain them here,
where a spirit of liberality, and yet a sound dis-
cretion, may be exercised in each particular case,
according to its circumstances, than to give them
a direction anywhere else accompanied by instruc-
tions which it wa3 admitted might lead, and which,
in his humble judgment, would inevitably lead, to
the acknowledgmtnt of many unjust claims?
Again the committee sny—
" If there is any apprehension that the principles
' here declared are too liberal,it must be recollected
'that  the tendency of legislation for  individual
'claims is constantly to enlarge the basis of right,
' while the effect of transferring them to another
' tribunal more judicial in its character, will prob-
' ably be to retain that basis essentially within the j
'limitsfixed at the moment of transfer.    If, there-
'fore, it should be supposed, or even admitted, |
1 that the principles asserted in the bill sre more j
' liberal than the present practice of Congress, it !
1 may be considered certain that, in its continued !
1 action, they would soon be surpassed in liberal- j
i'ity."                                                                  ¡
That is, if we are acting upon too liberal prin- i
] ciples—toomuchupon presumption—we had better ¡
at once send out these presumptions tobe theguide ;
! of others than longer to trust ourselves. Why? !
| Because "the tendency of legislation for individual !
¡ claims is constantly to enlaige the basis of right;" |
I and we are in danger of being further from those j
| principles which should govern prudent legislators,
I watchfuloftheinterestsof those whom they repre- |
! sent as they would be of their own, than we now j
are. Mr. P. said, however just this might be m [
' pomtof fact, he was notyetprepared toadmititas ¡
I a principle of action, and while no one would lend ¡
j his support more readily to any claim that might j
I come here sustained by proper evidence, he trusted ',
■ the correctness of such a proposition might never I
' find support in any vote of his.                                j
j     Speaking of the operation of the limitation acts, j
I the committee say further:                                   .     ¡
j     " Driven from the ordinary means of redress, m- (
| ' dividual claimants, from time to time, resorted to
Í ' Congress for relief. Atfirstit may have been mat-
I «terofronsiderationandofseriousquestion whether :
| ' relief should be afforded after the limitation had
I 'expired, and the party was at least held to account
| 'for his delay; but in the process of time it became, |
; ' as it is now, a matter of course to grant relief m '
I  ' every case in which the claimant brings himself,
j « by proof, within the terms of the «solutions on ¡
|| ' which the claim is founded, and has not been j
II  'already paid."
Mr. P. trusted that wrong practice and prece-
dent, founded in error, were not to be regarded as
a guide here. He solemnly believed that if pre-
cedent and practice were to be relied upon, gen-
tlemen might readily find justification for going-
almost any length in any direction.
In the case before the House, it was so exceed-
ingly probable, that all claims founded in right
were adjusted, and so fallible and uncertain was
human, testimony, after a lapse of fifty years, that
he had no hesitation in declaring it as his firm
conviction that the former course was the proper
one; and that applicants, who came in after the
extension act of 1792, should always have been
held to account for their delay. It was not, of
course, intended to give commutation to those, or
the heirs of those, who received certificates in 1784,
or who have, at anytime since, under any circum-
stances, received commutation.
Before, then, examining more particularly the
presumptions which this bill directs the Secretary
to assume, let us consider, for a moment, what are
the natural presumptions in the case. The com-
mutation, provided for by the resolution of 1783,
was originally directed to be adjusted by commis-
sioners or other accounting officers, appointed by
Congress; and it was supposed that certificates
were almost universally granted in 17é4. Why
should it not have been so? They were ready
upon application, and the production of the proper
evidence; and he put it to the House whether the
provisions of that resolution, and the rights accru-
ing under it, considering the circumstances under
which it was passed, upon the application of the
officers themselves, must not have been known to
every officer living within the limits of the Uniied
States. Mr. P. thought it utterly incredible thatit
should have been otherwise. Whenever there had
been any action upon the subject of pensions, in
latter tunes, what period had elapsed before that
action, whether favorable or unfavorable, and al-
most every pai ticular attending it, had, through one
channel or another reached the humble dwelling
of every survivor of that noble band. But upon
the supposition of their remote situation from the
accounting officers, some might, by possibility,
have-been precluded from obtaining their rights,
an act was passed on the 27th of March, 1792, sus-
pending the operation of the limitation acts for two
y ears, and, under this extension, remaining claims,
or such as were presented, were adjusted at the
Treasury Department, by what were then termed
certificates of registered debt. Again, he inquired
whether it was within the bounds of reasonable
probability that any claims were held up after this
period, if they were ever intended to be enforced?
Sir, (said Mr. P..) itis to be remembered that during
all tins time, it was not as it unfortunately now
is. There were hosts of living witnesses among
the officers with whom the claimants served, and
the soldiers whom they commanded. Nor is the
advantage which the officer had, from his position
over the private soldier, of proving every particu-
lar connected with his service,and its duration, to
be overlooked. Men engaged in the same great
cause, and serving in the same camp, were no
strangers to each other; never, perhaps, was there
a band bound together by such ties of affection,
intimacy and confidence. Genius and honor and
unshaken valor then went hand in hand, and were
in exercise, not from low considerations of per-
I sonal aggrandizement, but to vindicate a nation's
. rights. The links that bound men together at that
day, exists not now. Their intimacies and their
friendships were those which, perhaps from our
very natures can only spring up and flourish
amidst the mutual dangers'and privations of a
camp. At the period of which he spoke, every
incident of the exciting and eventful struggle
' through which they had just passed, must have
been fresh and vivid in the recollection of all;
i nothing need then have been left to doubt, nothing
to presumption. But this is not all. From 1794
down to mis hour, there had been the same oppor-
tunity to obtain equitable rights, by application to
Congress, that, exists at present.
'. With these facts before us, (said Mr. P.,) it the
natural presumption be not that all just claims have
been satisfied according to the provisions of the
resolution of 1783, he confessed that the conclu-
sions at which he had arrived were singularly
erroneous.
