210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. POINDEXTER. Unless the gentleman
meant to say that he (Mr. P.) intended to convey
here what he knew was not true, common cour-
tesy required of him to say so. But when the
gentleman made an imputation, and, on being
asked for an explanation, refused to disavow it,
he (Mr. P.) feljt bound to consider the matter
ended, and he did consider it at an end.
Mr. BLACK said he was in favor of calling for
the information which the resolution contemplated.
But there was one or two matters in which his col-
league [Mr. Poindexter] had done great injustice
to the President of the United States. The sales
of the Choctaw lands were advertised sixty days,
and he thought no inconvenience resulted from
that notice, instead of a longer period. He thought
all purchasers were as well prepared as they would
have been with longer notice, and that no injury
resulted to the citizens of the State from it. In
regard to the company formed for speculating
there, he believed his colleague did the persons
implicated great injustice. He (Mr. B.) was there,
and was a close observer of the sales, although he
bought no land. After the first day a company
■was formed, but it was not from Tennessee. The
proportion of persons concerned was not greater
than one in six from Tennessee, and there was ho
agreement among the company not to bid against
each other. He knew many of the persons en-
gaged in it, and he would say, confidently, there
were no men more honest or honorable. He knew,
also, Mr. McLamore, and he knew that his pecu-
niary abilities at that time were extremely limited,
and he believed him to bean honest and honorable
gentleman, and there was nothing whatever im-
proper in his conduct.
Mr. MOORE said he felt no interest in the sub-
ject of the resolution, being local in its character.
He should not have arisen to say a word except
for some of the topics accidentally lugged into the
debate.
The first fact stated by his colleague, and re-
peated by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Black,] he had heard for thé*'first time, that gentle-
men from Alabama had participated in theirecent
speculations in the purchase of the public lands
referred to, and he was bound to presume if any
purchases were made by those they were with the
view to establish cotton farms, and not for the
purpose of speculation. Indeed, one gentleman of
the first respectability he knew had purchased with
this view only.
But whilst his colleague is willing to exonerate
theTennesseeans (no doubt properly enough) from
the censure, he has transferred it to Alabamians;
and the gentleman from  Mississippi, whilst he
says Alabamians were concerned, justifies, and
says   the transaction  was altogether   innocent.
Now, this might be so. He did not know the char-
acter of the land speculation to which reference
had been made.    But there was a species of land
speculation known to have existed in the country
in which he resided which he considered censu-
rable, and ought to be deprecated by all; and that
he might not be misunderstood, he would endeavor
to explain this system, which is as follows: The
moneyed men and capitalists throughout the coun-
try meet at the land office, form a common stock,
with  their  funds for the mutual benefit of all,
the effect of which is to put down all other com-
petition, for the poor settler, although he may be
prepared to purchase hisimprovement attheGov-
ernment price; although he may have prepared
himself with a sufficiency at one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, yet, by this immense common |
stock, he is driven out of the market, and com-1
pelled  to make the best terms he can.   This *
company then ascertain the highest price he can,
or is willing to give, for his improvement, and if
he can be screwed up to any point over the mini-
mum, then they promise him if he will not bid,
they will purchase the  tract, including his im-
provement, and transfer it to him at the stipulated
price.   Having thus removed him from the com-
petition in bidding, they obtain itat the minimum, ]
and put in their own pockets all they get from him '
over the said minimum.   Now, said he, this is !
the system of which his constituents complain, :
and of which he did not approve.   The other !
fact was as to the sufficiency of the notice.    The ■
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Black] had said ¡
the notice, as regarded the sale in that State, had >
been sixty days, and he viewed it as sufficient,
and this he said might be so; he would not pre-
tend to dispute it. But, as regarded the notice in
Alabama, it was not more than half that time. It
had been made the subject of complaint, and he
thought that, considering the distance and the lo-
cality of the country to be sold, such notice made
more in favor of the capitalist than the actual
settler, who might find it necessary to make an
application to the State bank for the one thing
needful.
And here he would beg leave to say to the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum,] that although he would be highly
pleased to see him settle a cotton plantation in
Alabama, yet the fact that foreigners were not
accommodated had not excited his sympathies at
all. Again, it had been said, that an expeditious
sale was necessary as a means f preventing the
difficulty that was threatened between the author-
ties of the State and the General Government.
The life of a citizen had been sacrificed by order
of a deputv marshal, which had given rise to an
apprehension of the most serious results.
it is true it had been said that this misfortunate
individual was a turbulent man, and had attempt-
ed to blow up his own house in order to injure
others, &o.; but he believed this was mere rumor,
and not sanctioned by evidence. The sales of the
lands, however, it had been said, removed all diffi-
culty, and therefore justified the very short notice
that had been given, and he was not disposed to
controvert this point. What he wished mainly to
say was, that he had not been consulted as to the
time of sale, nor had he given any advice relative
to it. He was glad, however, that the sales had
been suspended, because if the bill which has been
reported by the Committee on the Public Lands,
and is now progressing in the Senate, shall become
a law, (and he hoped it would,) the settlers would
be protected from the iron grasp of the speculator,
by means of the preemption right which this bill
gives them. And experience had proved that the
Government could lose nothing by this mode of
disposing of the public lauds; for if any of the
lands were worth more than the minimum, the
surplus was pocketed by speculators.
Mr. KING replied that he never said or intend-
ed to say that any one was consulted. He said
he knew nothing of the intended sale till he heard
that gentlemen were consulted. He presumed
that the letters of gentlemen in the other House
stated things correctly. In carrying the treaty
into effect, an individual intruded and thereby lost
his life, while he was himself attempting the'lives
of others. The President used every possible ex-
ertion to locate the reservation as soon as possible,
but the great source of controversy remained, and
the lands were brought to market to narrow down
the controversy. A portion of the population
might have been dissatisfied with the sales; he did
not know how that was. As to a settlement of the
difficulties, he did not know how that could be
effected by the plan of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, which provided for a distribution of the
proceeds of sales among the several States.
Mr. WHITE said from the terms in which gen-
tlemen had spoken of the Tennessee company, he
felt bound to make a few remarks, lest his silence
might be misinterpreted into an acquiescence in
the correctness of the statements.   The gentle-
man   from   Mississippi   [Mr.   Poindexter]  had
spoken of a Tennessee speculating company.   Por
himself he could not say whether such a company
existed or not.    But about twelve months ago a
story of the same kind was in circulation.   He
was shortly afterwards in Nashville, and made
inquiry of several gentlemen thereinto its truth,
who assured him that there was no such company
there.     Last  fall, shortly  before" he left   home
for Washington, he was in Nashville again, and '
while there, several gentlemen went to Missis- I
sippi to make purchasesof land,andhe was satis- |
fled from what he learned, that no one of them was I
a member of any company whatever.   Thepeople I
of Tennessee, like those of other States, were an !
enterprising, money-makingpeople, but their char-
acters were as fair and respectable as any others.
It might seem invidious to say they were more so;
he therefore made no claim to go higher.   There
was a greater variety of character and population
there, and some might no doubt be found who had
gone to purchase land in Mississippi, believing
they could better their condition in life. And
there may also have been a company formed in
Tennessee; but so far as he knew, he believed that
the gentleman's information that there was such a
company, was founded in mistake. If it were so,
he had no information whatever about it. The
place of his residence was two hundred miles from
the place where the company was said to be form-
ed. Being from Tennessee, it might have been
inferred if he had been silent, that he possessed
knowledge of a fact which he would not avow.
Mr.McLamore'snamehad been mentioned. That
gentleman was a nephew of the President, and it
had been said was a member of the company. He
had had a long and intimate acquaintance with
Mr. McLamore, and he willingly added his testi-
mony to his character. His land transactions were
as numerous as those of any other man in Ten-
nesses—he was an active, business-doing, and
faithful man, and was the only man within his
acquaintance who dealt largely in lands, who
never was subjected to any imputation which
would take from his character as a man of honor
and integrity. It had been said that the notice of
sale was short, and that the Tennessee company
was formed of nephews and relations of the Presi-
dent of the United States. And in the absence of
any disclaimer on his part, it might be thought that
he admitted the charge. But he was persuaded,
if inquiry were made into the motive for the short
notice, it would be found that there was none other
than what the public ought to approve, because
the object was to promote the public interest. He
was perfectly satisfied if any Tennesseean, either
a relative or not of the President, had, either di-
rectly or indirectly, intimated to him a wish that
he should give him an advantage in the purchase
of land over any other citizens of the United States,
he would have received such an answer from the
Prtsident as would forever after have placed him
beyond the pale of his friendship. And in regard
to the short notice, if it should be found that the
motive was the public interest, he hoped the Pres-
ident would be acquited on that point. Pie was
desirous that the Committee on Public Lands
should inquire into the whole subject, and if
it should be discovered that there had been vio-
lations of the public interests, that the names of
the guilty should be held up to the scorn and in-
dignation of the community. And while he con-
fidently indulged the hope that no countryman of
his would be found guilty, God forbid that he
should screen him from exposure, if his guilt
should be made to appear. It had been said that
the agent for locating the lands in the Choctaw
country was concerned in the purchase of lands.
But he thought it would appear that in this, too,
the gentleman was mistaken. But if it be known,
and if it can be authentically made known to the
President, from that time forth he would be in-
stantly dismissed, and a person appointed who
would promptly and faithfully perform his duty.
Mr. W. said he felt it his duty to say thus much,
and perhaps he ought to apologise to the Senate
for this consumption of their time. And he would
further say, that if it was in the power of the com-
mittee to devise a plan which should effectually
guard against frauds, hereafter, in the sale of the
public lands, it would meet his hearty concurrence
and support.
Some further remarks were made bv Messrs.
POINDEXTER, BLACK, MANGUM, and
MOORE, when the resolution was adopted.   ^
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 3, 1834.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of one
thousand six hundred and forty citizens, and the
proceedings of a public meeting m Newcastle, Del-
aware, praying that measures may be devised for
restoring the deposites to the Bank of the United
States. After some remarks, made by Mr. C,
the memorial and proceedings were read, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POINDEXTER rose, not to revive the dis-
cussion upon the public lands. He would not
argue it now, but contented himself with saying,
that the subject would undergo a most rigid inves-
