1634.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
tigat on  before the Committee on Public Lands,
when the subject came before them
Tv/o of the kadnig journals of this city, from
motives highly proper m tnem^elves, refrained
from publishing any report of the unpleasant de-
bate which took place in the Senate on Friday last.
For one, he íejoiced at the discretion which had
been c^hioitcd by the geniemen at the head of
those ,ou>"  N, but the third, the official journal,
had published a report of that description which
contained scaicety a semblance of the truth. As
to his remarks, the lepoit did not give one tenth of
what fell hum li'm, and that so changed as to give
a very different view fiom that which he had really
given. Other gentlemen had been as much mis-
lepresented Hehad made this statement m order
Unit no undue impresión might be made on the
public mind from th.s publication It would have
been better that the report had been suppressed
altoge'her As far as i elated to himself, he had
deemed it his duty to make these remarks. If
other gentlemen were satisfied, be it so. He took
occasion to say thus much, and concluded by sub-
mitting the following resolutions, and asked their
immediate consideration:                                            j
1     Resolved, That the Secretary of the War I
Depaitment be directed to communicate to the
Senate the name or names of the agent or agents
appointed by the Piesidentof the United States to
incite the reseivations granted to individuals of
the Choctaw tribe of Indians, by the treaty of
Dancing Rabbit Creek, and, also, copies of such
instructions as may have been given to the agent
oi agents so appointed, and of any correspondence
winch may have taken place between any officer
in the Depurtmentof Wai and said agent or agents,
or any other peison or pel sons whose conespond-
ence may be in the depaitment, touching the loca-
tions vf said reservations, and the mannei m which
the duties of said agent or agents may have been
pei foimed.
2    Resolved, That the said Secretary be diiected
to tiansnnt to the Senate a copy of the registei
of the names of such Choctaw Indians as claim
leseivations of lands under the fourteenth and
nineteenth articles of said treaty.
Mr. POINDEXTER moved the consideration
of the resolutions now, with a view to give the
Secretaiy of War time to make out the papers
Mr. GRUNDY said he was much pleased with
the movement wh.ch was now made, because if
there was anything wiong in the matter to which
the íesolutions alluded, he was as desirous to
expose it to public íepiobation as any other man
His object m rising now, was to move that the |
reeolutnns be punted He wished to have an
opportunity of consideimg the subject with a view
of ascertaining if some iuitnei direction on the
subject could not be given to the committee
Ihe consideration t f the resolutions was agreed
to, and they weie adop'ed
On motion of Mr GRUNDY', the resolutions
weie then ordered (o be punted
Mr. POINDEXTER. also submitted the follow-
ing resolutions:
1    Rrsohed, That the Committee on the Public
Lanas be instructed to mqmre in'o the cncum-
stances attending the íecent sales of the pib'nc
lands in the S'ates of Miss ssipm and Alabama,
a id whetl ei the proclamation of the Piesident of
the United States, causing the puolic lands m the
di^tiicts of country acqutied from the C íoctaw
tune of Indians, in Alabama, to be offered at pub-
lic sale, were issued and piomulgated areasonable
length of time puoi to tlie day on which said sales
were du ected to be conn enced in each of said dis-
tii ts, to give pi ipei notice to the peop'e of the
U.iued otites of the days appointed í n-said sales,
2    llesolied, Thai, the same committee inquire
vhet'm any fraudulent prtctices to the mjuiy of
the pub'ic intei°st took place at said sales, by
ie£ son of combination of companies oi individuals
i Heidictmg, oi unfavoiable to a fair comnehtion
between b'ddeis for the public lands, offered for
sale in the sa d dist icts, and if so, whether the
offi eis suoeunten ling end sales had knowledge
< f, oi p utici iited in such fraudulent practices or
combin Uinns
3    Res ¡tied, That the said committee be in-
structed to i iquire whethe, the registers of the land
offLes and the íeceiveis of tne public moneys at
any of the land offices of the United States, or
either of them, have, id violation of law and of
their official duties, demanded or accepted a bonus
or premium from any purchaser or purchasers of
the public lands at publ.c or private sale, for the
benefit of such officer or officers, as a condition on
which such purchaser or purchasers should be
allowed to enter or purchase any tiact or tracts of
land offered for sale by the United States; and
1 also, whether any register or receiver as aforesaid
has been guilty of fraud or partiality m the sales
of the public lands, by adopting rules and regula-
| tions in their respective offices inconsistent with
| the laws of the United States.
. 4. Resolved, That the said committee inquire
whethei the public lands at any land office in the
State of Mississippi have been sold otherwise than
for cash, and whether any register or receiver in
said State has, at any time, taken in payment the
promissory note of any purchaser or purchasers,
bearing an interest to acciue to the benefit of such
registei or receiver.
• 5 Resolved, That, in prosecution of said inqui-
ries, the said committee have power to send for
persons and papers, and to examine witnesses
before them on oath touching the matters aforesaid.
Mr ROBINSON presented the petition of in-
habitants of Barkland, Illinois, praying the estab-
lishment of a land office, which was referied to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the memorial of in-
habitants of Adams county, Illinois, praying the
constiuction of a railroad from Buffalo to the river
Mississippi, which was refeired to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr ROBINSON presented the petition of in-
habitants of Crawford county, Illinois, praying
the establishment of a post route from Chicago to
Viticennes; which was refeired to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr ROBÍNbON, in pursuance of notice, ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to authonze the
State of Illinois to dispose of the lands reseived
for the use of public schools, the bill was read
and ieferred to the Committee on Pubhc lands
Mi. POINDEXTER asked that the bill regu-
lating the manner of advertising the public lands,
when offered for sale, be read a second time, in
order that it might be referred, which was agieed
to, and the bill referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands
Mr KING, of Alabama, gave notice that he
should, to morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill
comoensa'mg the íegistei and receiver of the land
office in West Florida
Mr KING, of Alabama, submitted the follow-
ing resolu'ion, the immediate consideration of
which he asked, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authoi zing by law the sa'e of four sections of
land, being Dart of the giant made to the French
emigrants for the cultivaron of the vine and olive,
and parcelled out to eacn gi antee in small allot-
ments
Pet tions of a private nature were presented by
Messis ROBINSON, POINDEXTER, MAN-
GUY!, and McKEAN.and severally referred to
apmopiiate committees
Mi McKEAN presented a memoual, signed
by inhabitants of 0<iford, Lower Dublin, and the
unincorporated paitsof the Northern Liberties, in
favor of the restoration of the deposites to the
Bmk of the United States,
Also, a metronal from inhabitants of Roxbo-
rou,'h and Manyunk, of the same charactei;
And also, one of a simtlai natuie, from the city
and county of Lancaster.
All of which were read, lefeired to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordeied to be printed
SPECIAL ORDERS.
M    CHAMBERS moved to postpone all the
special oide-sfoi  the purpose ot taking up the |l
bill  piovidmc compensation for  Fiench spoha- '
t o is     Mr  C. said he made this motion in pur- ,
suance of not ce mat he would do so on to uay.
The importance of the bill, the pecumai y interests
involved in it, íequired at the hands of the Senate
as early a consideration of it as was practicable. |
He did not urge the bill m violation of the wishes N
of the Senate.   Whatever the decision might be,
, he would of course acquiesce in it.
After some conversation between Messrs. CLAY,
! CHAMBERS, and GRUNDY, all the special or-
ders were postponed till to-morrow, except that in
relation to the
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
Which having been announced by the VICE
PRESIDENT,
Mr. HILL rose and spoke at some length in
support of the reasons of the Secretary; when, at
four o'clock, without concluding, hegav* way to
Mr. WRIGHT; upon whose motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Maich 3, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Messrs. HIESTER, WAGENER, ANTHONY,
GALBRAITH, HARRISON, BINNEY, HAR-
PER, DENNY, McKENNAN, POTTS, KING,
RAMSEY.STEWART, SUTHERLAND, LA-
PORfE, BEAUMONT, HENDERSON, and
WATM0UG1I, of Pennsylvania,
. Mr  M1LLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs. McKIM, STODDERT, and HEATH,
of Maryland, and by
Messis. ARCHER and GORDON, of Virginia.
Mr. HIESTER presented the proceedings of a
meeting held by the citizens of Lancastei county,
Pennsylvania, in favor of the restoration of the
deposites to the United States Bank. Read, refer-
red, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HIESTER also piesented fourteen peti-
tions,signed by 2,800 citizens of Lancaster county,
also praying for the restoiation of the deposites.
Referred, and ordered to be printed
Mr. WAGENER piesented the petition of 350
citizens of Northampton county, Pennsylvania,
praying the reeharter of the Bank of the United
States, and the restoration of the deposites. Re-
feried, and ordered to be printed
Mr. BINNEY presented the memorial of 1,700
citizens of Northampton county, Pennsylvania,
representing the existence of great distress in the
countiy, and praying the reeharter of the United
States Bank. Read, referred, and ordered to be
punted
Mr. HARPER presented the memorial of a
bank in Pennsylvania, playing the restoration of
the deposites. The memorial was referred, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENNY presented the petition of the Bank
of Pittsburg, praying the reeharter of the Bank of
the United States.
Mr. DENNY also presented the resolutions
adopted by a meeting of citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, declaring that great pecu-
niary embanassment pervaded the western coun-
tiy, and that the only and the proper remedy for
the evil was the restoration of the deposites to the
United States Bank Read, referred, and ordered
to be printed, with the names
The SPEAKER piesented the proceedings of a
large meeting of citizens of Chester county, ascrib-
ing the public distress to the removal of the de-
posites, representing the necessity of a reeharter
of the Ban'c of the United States, and also propos-
ing a geneial convention of the citizens of Penn-
sylvania, to be held at Harrisourg, with a view to
express their sentiments on this subject.
Mr PO ITS said he could bear testimony to the
fact that this meeting was emphatically a meeting
of the people It was composed of peisons of all
parties, and jt was the laigest meeting ever held
tn the large and flourishing county of Chester.
The individuals who took part in the proceedings
of the meeting, were among the most intelligent,
highminded, and honorable men in the county, and
were attached to different political parties. On
motion of Mi P , the proceedings weie ieferred,
and ordei ed to be printed
The SPEAKER presented the proceedings of
a meeting of citizens, held in Philadelphia, on the
subject of tne iemovu.1 of the deposites and the re-
cnaiter of the bank, declaring the opinion that the
deposites werf removed and the bank charle' ve-
toed, with a view to the establishment of a national
bank in the city of New'York.and recommending
such  an  alteration of the  Constitution as will
