212                                    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          March 3,
remove all constitutional objections to a national
bank.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the pro-
ceedings were read.
Mr. SUTHERLAND presented a memorial
from the citizens of Roxborough, Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the restoration
of the deposites, and for rechartering the Bank of
the United States. He called for the reading of
the memorial; and knowing the persons who
signed it, he wished to bear testimony to their
high respectability. They were men friendly to
the present Administration; they were men who
felt that it was their right as freemen to give their
sentiments on the present state of things. But he
would take occasion to remark, that although they
had signed and sent this memorial, not one of them
would be found abandoning the Administration in
the day of trial.
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, said he was
happy to have it in his power to concur with his
colleague in bearing testimony to the respectabil-
ity, intelligence, and patriotism of the memorial-
ists. The memorial was agreed to at a meeting
composed of six or eight thousand persons, and
•with only one dissenting voice. This would be,
he hoped, sufficient evidence, if any was wanting,
that the present was no longer viewed as a ques-
tion of party, but that it originated in motives that
were entitled to the consideration of the House.
The memorial was then read, referred, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from inhab-
itants of Pottsville, Schuylkill county, Pennsylva-
nia, against the restoration of the deposites and
recharter of the bank.
Mr. STEWART presented forty-one memorials
from divers places, praying aid for the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal.
Mr. SUTHERLAND presented a memorial
said to be signed by nearly-four thousand work-
ingmen, in the Third Congressional District, ask-
ing that the deposites might not be restored, and
protesting against the recharter of the bank.
Mr. WATMOUGH remarked that he had heard
some floating rumor that such a memorial was to
be presented. Fie claimed to know something of
the sentiments, and of the inhabitants of the dis-
trict, and he desired that his colleague would state
what he knew of the persons who had signed the
memorial. The people of the district felt that the
presentation of the memorial was such an imputa-
tion upon their character, that theycalled a meet-
ing, which was to be held on Wednesday next;
that when this should have been presented, the
character of the persons signing it should be placed
in their proper light.
_ Mr. SUTHERLAND said, if the men who
signed the memorial were not to be found, as was
apprehended by his colleague, when the great
question came up hereafter, it would be, perhaps,
so much the better for him, as to the contest that
was approaching. He did not himself know the
memorialists; but he might be allowed to say, that
the memorial was presented to him by as gallant
a soldier as was in the country, and that it was
Rent on by a committee of the workingmen from
the district. He could state further, as he was
instructed to do, that they were men who were
determined to hold on to their opinion in support
of the President still more than they had done.
He had intended presenting it last petition day,
when the gentleman who gave it was here, and
who brought with it a letter to him from the gen-
tleman who was now editor of the Workingman's
Advocate. He would move for the printing of
the names, to gratify the gentleman,'that he may
hereafter see the memorialists have not such a
character as he would represent them; that they
are not mere men of straw.
Mr. WATMOUGH rose to order. The gen-
tleman misrepresented what he had said; he had
not said they were men of straw.
The SPEAKER remarked that Mr. S. had not
attributed this expression to him.
Mr. SUTHERLAND made the remark in
answer to what was said by the gentleman when
he wished he might know where these persons
were to be found. He moved the printing of the
names for that purpose.  
Mr. WATMOUGH desired this equally with
his colleague, and he hoped that he would be as
well prepared as he was at the approaching con-
test, to account for every word and every act
which he had done or said in the House or else-
where in reference to the interests of their constit-
uents. He wanted to be convinced of the fact
whether those 4,000 persons came from the North-
ern Liberties.
Mr. SUTHERLAND could not, from his own
knowledge, say they did; but he supposed they
lived there, or round about it.
Mr. WATMOUGH. Round about, indeed!
Why, the whole number of voters in the district is
not 3,000. He knew that the whole of the Third
Congressional District had an almost unanimous
voiceupon thissubject. They had,hitherto, come
forward in mass, and they were about doing so
in detail. He was not going to impute anything
derogatory to the character of any man, or detract
from that of a gallant soldier, but the circum-
stances of this memorial were so remarkable, it
was only right that the matter should be fairly
stated. It did not appear that there was any public,
meeting called to give it sanction.
Mr. SUTHERLAND had always tried to keep
from intermeddling in the affairs of other districts.
He knew, therefore, but littleof the memorialists,
or about the manner in which it was got up; and
when doubts were attempted to be cast upon them
and it, he felt he owed it to himself, and to the
House, to state that he presented it because he was
requested to do so. He alluded to the gallant sol-
dier, because, from the knowledge he had of his
character, he was convinced he would not do a
thing so derogatory to his character as bringing a
petition with false names. Although he did not
himself know the persons,he had no hesitation in
saying that he believed the sentiments contained
in the memorial were felt by a large body of the
workingmen in the district.
The memorial, with the names, was then ordered
to be printed, and referred.
Mr. WATMOUGH presented two memorials
from the mechanics and workingmen of the
Northern Liberties, and from the farmers, mechan-
ics, &c, in the smaller districts, in favor of the
restoration of the deposites, and rechartering of
the bank; which were read, referred, and, with
the names, ordered to be printed.
, Mr. MILLIGAN presented the memorial of
sundry inhabitants of New Castle county, Dela-
ware, praying the restoration of the deposites to
the United States Bank.
Mr. MILLIGAN said, that when the subject
to which the petition referred should be brought
before the House by the Committee of Ways and
Means, he should feel it his duty to throw aside
the character of listener which he had hitherto
sustained, and advocate the views of his constit-
uents before this House. At present, it was his
purpose to say that the petition was signed by one
thousand six hundred persons, embracing a ma-
jority of the voters of the county, and to bear tes-
timony to their respectability, intelligence, indus-
try, and enterprise. They were influenced in their
views by no party considerations, and they were
men of different occupations, and of every grade
of wealth. Mr. M. proceeded, at some length, to
explain and support the views of the memorialists,
after which, on his motion the memorial was read,
referred, and ordered to be printed.
.Mr. MILLIGAN also presented the proceed-
ings of the meeting at which the above memorial
was adopted, which was also read, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. McKIM rose and said:
I am requested to present two memorials signed
by 3,624 citizens of Baltimore, stating that they
approve of the course of the Administration in
relation to the Bank of the United States, and
praying that the charter of said bank may not be
renewed.
I shall not, Mr. Speaker, trespass on the time
of the House, by detailing the various trades and
professions of the signers to this memorial; it is
sufficient for my purpose to say, that they are
American freemen, and as such, entitled to be
heard, and to have equal weight and consideration
m proportion to their numbers, as to any memorial
yet presented to this House.
On motion of Mr. McKIM, the memorial was
read and ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GORDON presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Virginia, requesting the Representa-
tives and instructing the Senators from that State
to exert their efforts to procure the restoration of
the deposites, &c. The Legislature considered
this as a great question, and regarded the action of
the President on the subject as violative of the
Constitution. The people of Virginia heretofore
yielded to no portion of the people of this nation
in admiration and respect for our Chief Magistrate.
But the Legislature of Virginia, standing on con-
stitutional grounds, now opposed his assumptions
of power, and the voice of the Legislature was, he
believed, reechoed by almost all the people of the
State. They characterize the measures of the Pres-
ident as a dangerous and alarming assumption of
power, and they say that they have seen an inten-
tion or a tendency to concentrate all power in the
hands of the Executive. They witness the exer-
cise of legislative functions by the Executive, and
they see the rights of this House trampled under
foot.
The Executive Magistrate was authorized by the
charter of the bank, in case of a violation of the
charter, to issue a scire facias and try the question;
but, prejudging the question, he has himself de-
cided it, instead of the judge. The laws direct that
the Secretary of the Treasury, if he have good
cause, shall remove the deposites. The President
abused his power of appointment, to thrust from
office a Secretary who had decided that he had no
sufficient reason for removing the deposites, and
put in one whose opinions were known to coincide
with his own. The President had done that in-
directly which he had no power to do directly.
The President had no right to go into the Treasury
except under the orders of Congress—he had no
right to interfere directly in any way with the
Treasury. The Legislature admitted, and he him-
self admitted, the right of removal from office; but
to make use of the power of removal to effect an
illegal act was, in their and his opinion, a danger-
ous assumption of power. A power to put in arid
outforty thousand officers, would become, if wield-
ed for political effect by the President, utterly in-
consistent with the political freedom o'f the country.
This golden ladder of preferment, with forty thou-
sand rounds, held out to every climber-up thepros-
pect of reaching to the top. Human virtue could
not withstand the temptations which power and
patronage presented to their followers. He should
feel himself degraded to stand here as a representa-
tive of the people, if such a construction of the Con-
stitution should prevail as would give the President
the power to put out and in, without just cause,
almost every functionary of the-Government. He
did not believe that it was the intention of the Pres-
ident to grasp the liberties of the country; he be-
lieved he viewed the Bank of the United States as
a monster standing in the way of public liberty.
But the State of Virginia, though likewise opposed
to a national bank, viewed the question as one
concerning the powers of the different branches of
the Government. All legislative power was vested
in Congress. The veto power of the President
was not a legislative power, but merely a negative
power. The Constitution directs that no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury without an ap-
propriation by law.
It had been assumed that, in the interval between
the collection and the disbursement of the revenue,
the President might do what he pleased with ft.
But Mr. G. contended that the President had
nothing to do with the public money excepting as
appropriated by law. The assumption violated
the groundworks of free government, and he ex-
pressed his surprise and regret that the represent-
atives of thepeople did not condemn the course of
the Executive insianler. He had no doubt, how-
ever, that the members of this body acted from
honest convictions of their duty.
Mr. G. then alluded to the President's proclama-
tion, the principles and objects of which he con-
demned. That was the first measure as to which
the people of Virginia differed from the President.
Sixty days before the meeting of Congress, after
various transmutations in the Cabinet, a blow was
struck which carried alarm through the whole com-
munity. The deposites were removed. The meas-
ure he deemed unnecessary, as the bank had been
