224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
who is ex officio a member of this committee, and
undoubtedly directs its operations, is also clothed
with unlimited power to set the press in motion for
the purpose of promoting the views of the bank.
For months, those presses which are known to
have been sustained by enormous loans, and those
which have received the most liberal allowances
for printing, have been incessantly engaged in an
effort to spread alarm and dismay throughout the
¡and. It is impossible not to suspect that the secret
management of the bank, and the use of its funds by
its president, are in perfect concert with their de-
pendentanddevoted presses,all aiming to createa
general panic, and produce the same result. That
result is the restoration of the deposites, and, its
certain consequence, the recharter of the bank.
If anything was wanting to confirm these sus-
picions, the alleged refusal of this bank to co-
operate with the State banks in their laudable
efforts to relieve the existing pressure upon the
community, in the larger commercial cities, is suf-
ficient to remove all doubts from the minds of the
most incredulous.
It is due to the country that the source of the
embarrassments which oppress a portion of its
commerce shall be laid bare. Should they appear
to spring solely from the management of the
bank, wantonly and wickedly directed to produce
them, it may become the duty of Congress to re-
sort to all the means within their constitutional
authority to check its career.
If it shall appear that the bank, by means of
its money and the papers under its control, has
wilfully and intentionally produced these embar-
rassments; and if its power has thus been abused,
it cannot be endured that, for two years longer, it
shall be suffered wantonly to excile alarm in the
country, to direct a pressure first on one point,
and then on another, enlarge at one place and con-
tract in another, for the purpose of continuing
lo the end of its existence the evils which there
is too much reason to believe it has already in-
flicted on the community. If, upon examination,
it shall be found that it has been guilty of such of-
fences, its charter cannot be too soon terminated,
and a scire facias would be imperatively demanded
to put an end to its machinations against the peace
and interests of the people. The Government
owns seven millions of its stock, equal to one fifth
of the whole amount. It is the duty of Congress
to see that it be not used to oppress the people and
subvert the principles of our Government. Of
every hundred thousand dollars spent by the
president of the bank, or distributed to advocates
under the name of loans, and forever lost, $20.000
belong to the people of the United States. That
their property may not be wasted, that the cause'
of their distress may be ascertained and a remedy
applied, and above all, that their own funds, and
the money and power of this corporation may not
be employed to subvert the principles of then-
Government by controlling thetr elections—the
committee deem it necessary that there should be
a thorough investigation into the alleged abuses
and corruptions of that institution, and particularly
into the details of its management for the last six
months. To this end, they propose a resolution
to invest a committee of the House with power to
make such investigations.
1.  Resolved, That the Bank of the United States
ought not to be rechartered.
2.   Resolved, That the public deposites ought not
to be ••"stored to the Bank of the United State3.
,'i Resolved, That the State banks ought to be
continued as the places of deposite of the public
money; and that it is expedient for Congress to
make further provision by law, prescribing the
mode of selection, the securities to be taken, and
the manner and terms on which they are to be
employed.
4. Resolved, That for the purpose of ascertain-
ing, as far as practicable, the cause of the com-
mercial embarrassment and distress complained
of by numerous citizens of the United States, in
sundry memorials which have been presented to
Congress at the present session; and of inquiring
whether the charter of the Bank of the United"
States has been violated, and also what corrup-
tions and abuses have existed in its management;
whether it has used its corporate power, or money
to control the press, to interfere in politics, or in-
fluence elections; and whether it has had any
agency, through its management, or money, in
producing the existing pressure—aselectcomimttee
be appointed to inspect the books, and examine
into the proceedings of the said bank, who shall
report whether the provisions of the charter have
been violated or not; and also whatabuses or mal-
practices have existed in the management of said
bank; and that thesaid committee be authorized to
send for persons and papers, and to summon and
examine witnesses on oath, and to examine into
,the affairs of thesaid bank and branches; and that
they are further authorized to visit the principal
bank, or any of its brandies, for the purpose of '
inspecting tne books, correspondence, accounts, ;
and other papers connected with its management
or business; and  that the said committee be re- j
quired to report the result of such investigation, i
together with the evidence they may take, at as
early a day as practicable.
Mr. Ewing, of Indiana, has written us
a note, correcting some mistakes which
occurred in reporting his remarks of the
24th ult. The remarks he made, we un-
derstand, were mistaken as well by the
reporters of the other prints, as by the re-
porter for the Globe. Mr. E wing's voice
is not distinctly audible at some times
throughout the Hall. This we have felt
it our duty to say in justice to the report-
ers. In justice to Mr. Ewing, we give
the following extract from a note which he
has written, correcting the misapprehen-
sion in regard to his expressions :
" 1 do not think it necessary now to write out all
that I uttered on the occasion alluded to, but every
member within hearing upon this floor, will, I
think, verify my declaration, that I did not ' cor-
roborate,' but, on the contrary, felt myself called
upon to correct and refute some of the inferences
of my colleague, particularly his idea that' there
is no distress felt in Indiana,'and that 'memo-
rials about distress are got up by the United States
Bank.' I disclaimed any such belief, and dissented
from the grounds assumed. At the same time
I distinctly declared that I was no advocate of the
existing United States Bank, nordid I believeany
few corporate individuals should have the author-
ity or the name of the existing institution. That a
free people, entitled to equal rights and equal priv-
ileges, were not satisfied to continue dependent for
a safe circulating currency upon either State or
United States individual corporate bodies That
it is known I am the advocate of an institution that
would strengthen the Union, and advance the in-
terest of every section. That the institution I
proposed, (now referred, and not yet reported
upon,) would enlarge the resources, and increase
the capital of local banks, at the same time by cer-
tain facilities perform all the functionsof exchange
and transfer, without the agency of brokers; and
that paper speculators only should oppose the
establishment of such an institution. That if such
an institution be lefused, I should in that case dis-
approve of allowing public money to be deposited
in State banks under the influence of any execu-
tive officer. That the people had experience
enough of such places of deposite, and lost enough
by a depreciated and corrupting currency during
and after the last war, &c.
" I do not consider it necessary to say more to
show that I did not, and could not corroborate the
statements made by my colleague on behalf of
Indiana; but it is proper here to aid, that I have
various letters from my constituents, which mani-
fest their apprehensions at the existing state of
things, and express great fear of loss when the
spring trade opens, and they reach market with
the last year's crop. I only hope their fears may
not be realized; and wishing the truth to reach
them, I now ask of you to give this note a circu-
lation equal to the matter which rendered its pub-
lication necessary,   lam, &c,
"JNO. EW1NG."
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Extract of a letter from Commndme J. D. Henley.to
the Secretary of the •N'avy, dated
"U. S. Schooner Experiment,
" Pensacola Bay, February 18, 1834.
."Enclosed is the copy of a communication
from Lieutenant Commanding Paine, of the Ex-
periment, relative to the report of a piratical brig
having been cruising off St. Thomas's, which
appeared in the Kingston paper of the 21st of
December last.
" Lieutenant Commandant Paine and the officers
of the Experiment disavow having made any such
report to the editor of the Kingston paper. If there
were any truth in the report, it is indeed remark-
able that I, being in the Vandalia, in the port of
St. Thomas, and in that neighborhood for twelve
or fifteen days, at the same time that the Experi-
ment was, heard nothing of said piratical vessel.
" I must, therefore, believe the report entirely
unfounded.                                                          •
"Lieutenant Commandant Paine states, that
on the day he left Havana, (which was a few day's
before the occurrence off Cape Antonio, reported
by the schooner Davenport, Norton, from Kings-
ton,) a small British cruiser ako sailed, with the
view of cruising off Cape Antonio for slave ves-
sels; and I think it is highly probable that the
firing and other movements, deemed suspicious
by the Davenport, was nothing more than an
attempt on the part of the cruiser to bring that
vessel to in order to ascertain her character.
"The Vandalia and St. Louis, as I have here-
tofore informed you, have both orders to touch at
Havana and St. Thomas; and the Gram pus, on her
return, to cruise on the northern coast of Cuba, as
far down as Cape Antonio. In the meantime, I
propose visiting said coast myself in the Experi-
ment, so that if there be pirates in either quarter,
they will be carefully looked after."
Extract from a letter lo a gentleman in this city,
dated
Philapelphia, March 4, 1834.
"This afternoon the whole city has been thrown
into confusion. Just as the Baltimore boat, Wil-
liam Penn, came to the Point, she took fiie; the
State-House bell rang, and in a few minutes the
wharves were crowded.
" The sight was beautifully grand, but the anx-
iety of all was great for the safety of the passen-
geis. It was past seven o'clock; and the boats
which went from the city have just returned, and
the report is, that four or five of the passengers
are drowned. How it caught, or ho v.' many were
on board, no one can tell. All is confusion and
anxiety. The boat is now floating up past the
city, all on fire; and ten to twenty thousand per-
sons looking at it."
" We understand that seven of the Ohio banks
have been forced to stop payment, and that others are
tottering."
LA^TÑjycOMMEECÍAXTAGENCY
AT NATCHEZ.
'T'HE subscriber offers his services to the public
•*- as agent to purchase or sell lots and houses,
plantations and uncultivated lands; and particu-
larly to purchase Government lands at the public
land sales, or to make entries at the different land
offices of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas
Territory, of Missssippi, Red River, and Yazoo
bottoms or uplands, from Baton Rouge to Mem-
phis. To purchase or sell all kinds of stocks and
other interests, liquidate claims on accounts, or
otherwise make collection of debts, and remit as
may be required. Also, to purchase cotton for
the western and northern manufactories, and re-
ceive and sell cotton bagging and rope.
His residence has been at Natchez nearly nine-
teen years, during which time he has become
extensively acquainted with the lands alluded to
and its inhabitants, having been the greater part
of that time actively employed in commerce, and
for the last three or four years collecting inform-
ation relative to the above lands.
Letters (post paid) on ahy of the above sub-
jects, will be attended to promptly.
WOODSON WREN.
Sept. 16, '33.—swlyr.
