THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES^
23o Conguess, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1834.
Vol.1.....No. 15.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 10, 1834.
Mr. SILSBEE, after a few remarks, presented
a series of resolutions passed by the Legislature of
Massachusetts, complaining of the state of the cur-
rency of the country, recommending the restora-
tion of the public deposites to the Bank of the
United States, and praying the recharter of the
said bank. Mr. S. asked that the resolutions
might be read, referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and printed.
After they were read—
Mr. WEBSTER said he fully concurred in the
sentiments expressed by his colleague. These res-
olutions were undoubtedly the opinions of the peo-
ple of Massachusetts.  In every town and parish,
the removal of the deposites was disapproved of
if not severely reprobated; and himself and col-
league would not be the true representatives of
Massachusetts, if they'did not hold language clear
and strong, that the cause of the distress was to be
found in the removal of the deposites, and if they
did not declare, in her name, that her interests
were greatly injured, and the distress on all parts
of her population was deep and severe.    She ex-
pected them to say this,and also to say, that they
look to Congress alone for prompt relief.   In one
of the resolutions, an opinion that a national bank,
and the restoration of the deposites, are the appro-
priate remedy, is intimated.    It was now several
weeks since he had given a pledge here that he
would submit to the Senate some measure of relief,
it was now three months since the existence of a
pressure was asserted.    It was then denied, but
now no one seriously denied or doubted the alarm-
ing state of the country.   He could not but sup-
pose that the Executive saw and lamented the dis-
tress; but yet no new remedial measure was pro-
posed from that quarter, except the experiment
which was going on; and it was fair to receive the
late report, made by the Committee of Ways and
Means in the other House, as a manifestation of
the views of the Executive, made in authentic lan-
guage,and having themerit of being unequivocal,
that the deposites were not to be restored, and the
bank was not to be rechartered.   This being the
case, it seemed to him time to redeem his pledge—
tiie subject had been before the Committee on Fi-
nance, and he was authorized to say it met the
approbation of a majority of the committee.   He
therefore gave notice, that on Monday next he
would introduce a bill for rechartering the Bank of
the United States for some limited time.    He saw
the difficulty attending such a proposition, but his
sense of duty would not allow him to shrink from
the effort.    He had two objects in view, in sub-
mitting this measure. The first was, to give to the
community prompt relief, and this it was the duty
of Congress to do.   He knew of no remedy but
the restoration of the deposites and the recharter
of the bank for a limited time. And when he spoke
of prompt measures, he laid out of the question a
new bank, because that could not be done before
the 4th of March, 1836.    The remedy proposed
would be a prompt and efficient one.  Secondly, a
great object to be regarded was, to propose meas-
ures in such a light as to conciliate anything, and
to give up everything, so that the object could be
attained, and relief given—such measures as the
whole country would say ought to be adopted.
When he considered the present state of opinion
in the capital, and entertained by the Executive,
he was convinced that  any measures  proposed
would be attended with difficulty in their accom-
plishment, and should be submitted to the people,
and receive the destiny of the people; and under
the imnulse of intelligence in thecommumty, which
would'be sui e to be attracted to any such measure,
fall attention would be given it; and his only hope
and wlsh was, that their decision would decide this
question.    His opinion, also, was, that while the
presentstageofthings continued in thecountry, the
adjournment of Congress ought not to be thought
of.    Our constituents would not, and ought not, to
welcome us to our homes, till relief shall have been
given. We have the power of giving relief, and
they look to us for it. The State governments
are not competent to it. The evil arises from po-
litical action, and the remedy must be by political
action. No vote of his, therefore, should begiven
to vacate our seats here, or to consent to their
being vacated, till something efficient and satisfac-
tory be done.
Mr. FORSYTH said, he congratulated those
who were constantly pouring their memorials
here, that their prayers were at last likely to be
heard and to be attended to by the appropriate
organ of the Senate. Not one petition had been
presented which had not urged that prompt atten-
tion to the subject was necessary. .The honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts had said that we
were not permitted to speculate; but such had been
the progress and condition of things here for three
months, there has been nothing but speculation.
We are told legislative action is necessary, and yet
we are to speculate another week, and then we are
to have the proposition. Why not submit it now ?
After a delay of three months, we are at last come
to the object of the petitioners and of gentlemen
here—it is the recharter of the bank. And that
no difficulty might arise as to himself, he would
distinctly announce the terms on which his aid
would be given towards that object. First, the
rate of interest must be reduced to five per cent.;
next, the power of the State governments to tax
the funds of the bank in each of the States, where
situated, should be distinctly recognised, and the
vexed question of the power of the Government
directors must be distinctly understood, and must
be admitted to be what the President understands
it to be. It could not receive his approbation,
without a greater control over it were given to the
Government than was contemplated in 1816. It
was with surprise and regret that he heard the an-
nunciation of the honorable gentleman, that we
ought to sit here till the existing distress should be
relieved. Were we to sit here till August or Sep-
tember, to compel the House of Representatives
or the Executive to action ? Were the coordinate
branches of the Government to submit their judg-
ments to our behests? He thought it passing
strange; and more especially so, when we were
told that the State governments possessed no
power of relief, but that it was in us alone, who
hold all the power we possess from the State gov-
ernments. But are we to be told that the State
governments don't desire relief? Can any man
shut his eyes to the fact, that the majority of the
State governments and of the people have said
that this bank charter shall cease to exist ? If the
fact were otherwise, and the people say it shall
exist, it will exist, and provision could be made
for it two years hence. And it appeared to him
that the object of the honorable gentleman was to
! raise a question which was to be settled two years
i hence. Mr. F. believed the question was already
I settled, and he believed every effort which was
i made to raise it, only the more strongly confirmed
I it. He trusted we should not sit here till August
| or September, when the question could be as well
i settled at home.
I     The debate was further continued by Messrs.
1 WEBSTER, KING of Georgia, CHAMBERS,
! and FORSYTH; when the resolutions were re-
ferred, agreeably to Mr. SILSBEE'S motion. _
The Senate then proceeded to the first special
order, being the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Elizabeth Robinson, daughter of Lieuten-
ant Wilde, a revolutionary officer.
Mr. MOORE moved the recommitment of the
bill to the Committee-on Revolutionary Claims.
A considerable debate ensued, upon the pro-
priety of allowing interest on the claim, nrwhich
| Messrs. SHEPLEY, MOORE, NADDAIN,
! FORSYTH, LEIGH, BIBB, CHAMBERS,
I CLAYTON, WHITE, TALLMADGE, TOM-
LINSON, and SPRAGUE, participated.
I     Mr. MOORE withdrew his.motion to recommit
it to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.   Lost.
Mr. FORSYTH revived the motion to recom-
mit to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of George
Read, and, on his motion, the report accompany-
ing it was ordered to be printed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Stephen Pieasonton, upon
which a similar order was made.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on En-
grossed Bills, made a report.
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, leave of absence
for three weeks was granted to Mr. Bell.
On motion of Mr. FORSYTH, a few minutes
after four o'clock,                   •
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 10,1834.
Mr. J. Gl. ADAMS rose, and intimated a wish
that the call of the States for the presentation of
memorials, might be commenced as usual, with
the understanding that the memorials presented,
in reference to the bank, should be accompanied
only with very brief remarks, explanatory of the
circumstances under which they were adopted.
He wished himself to have an opportunity of pre-
senting certain resolutions adopted by the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts. If the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Gholson,] who was entitled to the
floor to-day, would yield it for the purpose of
calling the States, there would, he presumed, be
ample time left for the gentleman to address the
House on the subject of the Virginia resolu-
tions.
Mr. GHOLSON replied, that the honorable
member from Massachusetts must be aware that
Virginia had already once yielded the right of
proceeding with this discussion for the convenience
of the House. Being disposed, however, to ex-
tend every courtesy to the venerable member, he
would, with the consent of the House, waive his
right to the floor till one o'clock.
Mr. MOORE, of Virginia, objected, he said,
to the further postponement of the Virginia reso-
lutions.
Mr. J. &. ADAMS said, he was now more
anxious than he was before to obtain an opportu-
nity to present his resolutions; for, if not only the
gentleman in possession of the floor, but every
other member from Virginia was to express his
sentiments to the House on the subject of the Vir-
ginia resolutions, it was evident that it would be a
long time before the States could again be called.
VIRGINIA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GHOLSON having the floor from the pre-
vious day, rose and said, he, too, had received
from Governor Floyd aletter similar to that which
his colleague [Mr. Pattok] had animadverted
upon, but it had not occurred to him thatthe
letter contained anything so objectionable as his
(Mr. P.'s) remarks would seem to convey. And
it never could have induced him to arraign—as his
honorable colleague had felt it his duty to do—
the conduct of the Governor of his native State,
before Congress, or to charge upon him that he
had manifested a disposition to extend beyond its
due limits his official authority.
Mr. PATTON remarked that he had been mis-
understood; he had expressly disclaimed imputing
improper dispositions to Governor Floyd.
Mr. GHOLSON resumed. The Governor of
Virginia was blamed for designating the resolu-
tions as he had done; far expressing his pleasure
on having to communicate that the resolutions
disapproved of the recent act of the President in
removing the deposites. But whilst he (Mr. U.)
hailed this concurrence in the opinion of the Cjiov-
15
