230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
to him. When the charter was framed, it was in
the power of Congress to appoint any  individual
officer to remove the deposites and give his reasons
for the same. Suppose they had appointed the
reporter of the Supreme Court: does any one sup-
pose that he would have attempted to deprive
Congress of its rights over the public deposites, or
that any such attempt could be for a moment sus-
tained ' Was it not, then, an abuse of power to
attempt to deprive Congiess of its rights by con-
trolling the action of its agents, and for a purpose
which was bringing ruin and dismay throughout
the land >
Mr. C. said, that to give the bank" a blow and
make it reel, and then say go on, was mocker.y. i
To require the bank to do what it had always '
done, after taking away ten millions of dollars
from it, was unjust and ungenerous. But the
consequences did not stop with the United States
Bank- they reached the State banks, and com-
pelled them to redeem their discounts. Mr. C.
referred to the paper read by the President to
show, he^aid, that the President did not believe
that the Bank of the United States would be al ¡e
to go on and continue its accommodations to the
community after theremoval ot the deposites; yet
now he told the merchants and mechanics of New
York and Philadelphia to go to Nicholas Biddle
for relief. Suppose the President had laid a powder
magazine under the vauhs of the bank, laid atrain,
and asked the voteofCongiess to apply the match:
would it not send a tremor to the heart of every
merobei ' But the case was the same in principle,
but not in effect. Wrong in both cases was at-
tempted to be done tu the bank, and no man could
leconcile one act to his conscience more than the
other Righteousness, it ought ever to* be remem-
bered, exalteth a nation, and injustice is a reproach
to it. He characterized the act of the Presidentas
an abuse and perversion of power, and appealed
to his friends of the State-Kights party for aid in
resisting the punciples on which the act was
founded. After the glorious triumph which they
had achieved, he imploied them not to submit to
this new abuse of executive authority Mr C.
passed to some statements respecting the Post I
Office Department, and said that it was íepoited i
that contracts were given, and new loutes made
where they were not needed, for political purposes,'
and for the advantage of political fuends,and that'
to pay the expenses of these revenues, large loans I
were íequued I rom the deposite oanks, &c.            I
Mr CONNOR here interrupted Mr Clayton,
and stated that the loans referred to by the gen- ¡
tientan had been, for the most pari, repaid. He
would take this occasion to say, in reply to a
member who remaiked that the Post Office Oepait-
ment had involved the Government to the amount
of $"100,000, that (he department had not involved
the Government to the amount of one cent             ,
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded     His object was,
he said, to defend the bank from the charge ot
interfering with elections    What he hud men-
tioned he gave only as common report, and he |
put it agpinst the reports of the corruptions of the I
bank     He went on to state that it was also le-
ported that the malls were  irregular, and   that |
many necessary routes were discontinued m con-
sequence of the favoutism which he had refened
to     It was alio said, and he would pledge him- '
self to prove that repoit, that postmasters  are1
removed fiom office upon secret intoimaMo1 , with- i
out a heating, on account of their political onin-1
ions     He should believe all those repoi rs, unless
the Post Office  Department should   requne and
submit to rigid investigation of all these subject?,
wm^h investigation should pioceed at the svnei
time with that which the President was claiming
into the affairs of the Emit of the United S'ates.
Mr   C , after a few further remarks in relation to
his former opposition to the bank, concluded his I
speech.
Several members addressed  the Chair smral- l
taneously, and the floor was obtained  by Mr.
BURGES.
The House then proceeded to the oiders of the
day.                                                                               i
On motion of Mi POLK, the House w«nt into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mi WAYNE in the chau, on the bill makm^,
appropriations for the Aimy of the United
for the yeai ld34.
The bill having been read by sections,
Mr. McKAY remarked, that as the expenditure
for the support of the Army was progressively
increasing, he wished to show distinctly what was
the expenditure in each year; for this purpose
he moved to strike out 1,381,772 dollars for the
support of the Army and support of officers, and
to make a separate provision for the pay of ar- <
rearages for 1833, (which were included in this
sum ) He wou'd move to insert forsupport, &c,
for 1834, $1,286,986, and for the arrearages of
1833, $,94,786.
Mr POLK assented to the amendment being
made in such a shape as would effect the purpose,
and defended the present appropriation as neces-
sary under various increases which had been made
to the service.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The next section being an appropriation of
$59 179 for forage,
Mr. McKAY objected to it as too large, and
moved to reduce it to §54,331.
Mr. POLK contended that the establishment
requned the sum appiopnated, after which,
Mr. McKAY having withdrawn his motion, the
appropriation was agreed to.
The appropriation for the medical staff having
been read,
Mr. E. EVERETT moved to amend the bill
by inserting, for extra allowance to Suigeon Beau-
mont, $1,825
Mr. E íemarked that he was instructed by the
Joint Library Committee to propose this as a remu-
neration for expenses incurred by him in making
experiments on a soldier of the Army to lllustiate
the digestive system of human economy.
Mr. POLK, not knowing anything of the cir-
cumstances further than was stated, wished the
subject to be repoited on by some of the commit-
tees.
Mr. JONES objected to the allowance, and de-
sired to know upon what principle it was sought
to be granted
Mr. E. EVERETT felt it unnecessary to go
into a constitutional argument. He thought the
claim perfectly just and proper to make an appro-
priation for.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he had looked into the
work giving an account of these experiments, and
he considered that they wete of an extremely
valuable character He would not, theiefoie, too
nicely scrutinize such an appropriation, and winch
appeared to have been done by an officer m the
line of h-is duty.
Mi. CHILTON bore testimony to the merits of
the work, and supported the amendment, as the
experiments made would be the means of saving
thousands to the public.
Mr. CROCKETT said: Sir, I ask, as there is
an  experiment trying upon  the currency, what
possible objection ought there to be to one on
science'   Sn, I begin to think it is time to object
| to all appropriations as unnecessary.    Whatisthe
I use of them untd we know where the money is'
if the money can be taken at will, miy it not be
| distributed oy the same hand '   It is all a mockery.
. What  is the use of law at all5    I am soiry the
| gen'leman fiom Georgia opposes this claim, for,
1 although I will vote for one experiment, I will vote
agunst the other.
1     The amendment was agreed to; ayes 80, noes
,50
1     Aftei several other sections were pone through,
!     Mr  McKAY pronosed to reduce the miscella-
neous appropriation ¿,50,000, but be'oieany action
i could be haden this,
Mr. WÍLDE moved that the committee do rise;
I which motion prevailed, aj e_ G6, noes 61
|     The committee thereupon rose, and  íeported
, progress
The bill, asamended, was ordered to be printed,
, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
WiDfisDAY, Mi,ch 12, 1834
Mr   ROBINSON  piesented  t*-e  memorial of
Mdrcu-s Bill, wh.ch was refened to the Commit-
tee oh Private Land Claims
Mr. HENDRICKS, fiom the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Wabash river; and,
on his motion, the report and documents, together
with the memorial of the Legislatuie of Indiana,
were ordered lo be printed.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of the
tin-plate workers, workers in sheet-iron, &c, of
Philadelphia, praying the restoration of the public
deposites to the Bank of the United States.
Also, the memorial of a similar class of mechan-
ics in Southwaik, Philadelphia, of a ¡ike tenor.
And, also, the proceedings and memorial of a
public meeting in Cailisle, Cumberland county,
Pennsylvania, of like import.
Which memorials and proceedings we't sever-
ally read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordeied to be printed.
Mr LEIGH presented the memorial of sundry
inhabitants of Petersburg, Virginia, praying the
íestoration of the public deposites to the Bank oi
the United States.
Mr LEIGH said, he desired to present a me
mortal from citizens of the city of Peterabuig
Vnginia, on the subject which had so long agitated
this sreat country.   It was signed by merchants
manufacturers, artisans, and some members of th 
learned professions, of that city; a place as much
distinguished for its devotion to Republican prin
ciples as any other in the Union.    He could no'
say which of the signers were, and which were
not, friends of the present Administration, but he
could not refrain fiom expressing his surprise and
dismay that the friends of those who were com-
plaining found it necessary to say that the signers
of these various memorials were friends of the
Administration.    Was it come to this, that the
friends of the Administration were entitled to more
+ respect here than its opponents'   These signers
I were merchants of high standing1 and intelligence,
i and he prayed the Senate to remember that in
j commercial countries the usual course was lo call
i together all persons who were supposed to be ac-
j quainted with-"the evils they were laboring under,
i as well as the proper measures of rediess.    Let
gentlemen attribute to the Piesident any degiee of
' general knowledge, or of human sagacity they
please, still he (Mi  L ) would prefer the testimony
, of one single meichant as evidence of the truth of
his sufferi igs, to the opinion of the Piesident of
the United States.    Those who feel distress tell
i us the remedy, and yet the opinion of the Presi-
dent is íegArded as overwhelming evidence to the
*] contiaiy     The language of this memorial was
sound,  moderate, and temperate, bearing on its
face marks of deliberation.                      j_
i He (Mr. L ~) had heaid, since he had the honor
of a seat here, gentlemen seizing opportunities
from remarks on the face of the memonals, to
detract fiom their force and beanng Fie meant
| no disrespect to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Forsvth,] to whose remaiks he alluded; but he
felt it a duty to him to suggest that, while he
recognised the right of petition, the seizing of op-
portunities to reduce to contempt the representa-
tions of petitioneis, tended to impair that right
I more tuan anything else the gentleman could do.
He knew the confusion prevailing in primary
assemblies of the people, but still the result of their
dehoerations was the real sentiment of the people;
and in proportion as you detract fiom their force,
you detract from the first principles of lepresenta-
tive government. Did any one doubt the people
were often actuated by impulses' And yet their
representations aie the best to repiesenl the real
will of the people. He hoped when memonals
were presented herearter, there v/ould be no de-
traction fiom th m when their temper and tone,
i and remarks, accoided with the business in which
the,r signers were engaged, These memorialists
say their distresses anse fiom the curtailments of
the Bank of the United States, and that this is the
j necessary consequence of the removal of the de-
| posites No system of public credit can consist
\vi<h anyone man's absolute and unlimited power,
in government Frederick of Prussia, in an essay
on political subjects, entertained the idea that it
I was impossible to establish a bank in a govern-
i ment of civil monarchy. But he was detei mined
to tiy it He established a bank, and by his fos-
tenngcare it did linger out his reign, but how long
af'erwards it continued to breathe, Mr. L. could
