1834.
THECONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
not tell Bank credit was one of the most sensi-
tive of all pla* ts. At the touch of arbitrary power
it shrinks its leaves, but remove it and it expands
again and revives But let power remain inex-
orably piessed on it, and the plant must perish.
He had seen the evidences of efforts which were
made to reverse the sentiments of Virginia on this
subject, and if it succeeded he must yield, not with
any concern for himself, but rather for his chil-
dren The effort was made to get a majority by
claiming to have a majority here; and a gentle-
man had thought proper to say, that he knew
better the sentiments of Virginia than he did. He
mentioned this for the purpose of making this
remark—that for a State-rights man to say a sin-
gle word to iletiact from the dignity of a S'ate
Legislatme, was todo more harm to State-rights
than ail the powers qf this Government united
could do Poi himself, he believed Virginia was
not changed from the complexion presented by
her Legislature, and would not be found chained
again
He would not fatigue the Senate by an argu-
ment on the constitutional point of this subject,
but follow the President to the sequel of this trans-
action. As soon as the ortler for removing the
deposites was given, trarsfer cnecks were issued to
the State banks on the United States Bank, to use
as might suit their purposes. And this was done
with the avowed purpose of enabling the State
banks to meet the demand of the branches of the
Unned States Bank upon them, and so by lending
money leheve tneir distress. When the Manhat-
tan Bank (for illustration) presented Us check on
the branch in New York, it was debtor to the Gov-
ernment some $200,000 It then received credit
for that sum and balances due from other State
banks transferred to it, to meet the balance. So
that this draft was put in the hands of the Manhat-
tan Bank to trade on till called for by theGovern-
ment, and thu3 as complete a loan was effected for
its use, as if the President Had loaned directly out
of the Treasury. Could gentlemen point out in the
Constitution any authority for thus lending the
people's money, or any implication of authority'
Is the lending out of this money to be upheld as
a proper exercise of Executive power in such a
limited Government as ours In any days of the
British Government such an exercise of powc
would cost the minister not his head, (for sangui-
nary punishments are much curtailed there,) but
certainly his i ights as a fieeborn citizen of the coun-
try He would have been impeached and declared
n capable of furtner seiving the Crown in any
capacity whatever It was immaterial whether these
evils were designed or not. lie did not suspect
the President of design, and not suspecting him,
he acquitted h>rn of U But he stated the fact that
here was an assumption of power, and it was the
duty of fieemen to opoose it, by whoevei and
wherever asserted He desned to be informed
whether theie was any statute of the United States
giving the Postmaster General powei to borrow
money on the credit of the United S'ates. He ,
thougnt not And yet we had seen it avowed that
the Postmastei General had borrowed some four
or five hundied thousand dollars—a power which
is only given toCongress Here, then, is tlie Execu-
tive Government lending the people's money to
the State banks to pay their debts to the United
fotates—the money lent out by one hand and bor-
rowed by the other, the Secretary of the Treas-
uij lending money without interest, and the
Postmastei Genera! bonowmg money at six per
cent
Rut we had been told that if the removal of the
drposites had been put upon an error in judgment,
instead of an usuipation of power, there would
ha\e been two thirds of both Houses of Congress
in favor of the restoration Why, then, not retiaee
his. steps' If the Piesident of the United States
would letract this error of his own accord, and
restoie the deposite', and thereby confidence to
the country, not all the fame he received from the
victory of JNev. Oi leans would equal that peal of
thani s which would resound from all quartets of
this Union for the art But alas, the>-e is no hope
of it If the newspaper reports are to beiehed on,
nothing wi'l cause him to relent, and it the-efore
behooves Congress to take such steps as the best
m'erests of the countiy require and demand
AL   rORbYITi replied     [Tne notes of the
reporter were given to Mr Forsyth, who has not
returned them, and it is now impossible to pre-
pare his sneech in time for this paper ]
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said he cared not to
interfere in the controversy between his honoi able
colleague and the honorable Senator from Virginia,
touching the lespect due to memorials, or to ex-
amine the motives of those by whom they were
usually got up and sent here     He would only say
, that he not only acknowledged the right of the
í citizens of all parties to be heard in this form, but
1 approved the practice on all subjects of importance
to the interests of the country. But he must say,
(what few would deny,) that when looked to as a
test of public sentiment on questions purely politi-
cal in their character, these memorials should be
most carefully watched and dil-gemly guarded, to
prevent imposition.    And perhpps (said Mr K )
1 a better illustration of this truth will not be re-
quired than a reference to the very memorial now
I before the Senate, which, notwithstanding heaven
and earth had been moved for many weeks to stir
up the people to sign it, contained (as he under-
stood and believed) the names of a mere fraction
1 of the voters in the district from which it came.
I We must not too readily suppose that memorials
i represent the feelings of the whole district from
i which they come.    We only hear from those who
I are dissatisfied with the Government. Opposi-
tions are always better organized and more active,
than thosetwho are satisfied with the established
l order of things—who rarely move so long as they
continue satisfied with their condition.
But (said Mr K ) enough of this I will leave
the discussion on this branch of the subject to the
two honorable Senators who commenced it, and
return to the subject of the memorial no* befoie
the Senate, on a question of reference The object
,, of this memorial, I believe, (said Mi   K ,) is the
*recharter of the Bank of the United States, and
the restoration of the deposites
[Heie Mr Ltigh ínteirupted Mr. K , and said
the memoiial only prayed the restoration of the
deposites ]
Mr K said he was glad to be thus corrected
The correction would shorten what he had" to say
upon the memorial, and he had, in fact, a few
days since, on another memoiial from Massachu-
setts, expressed briefly his opinion upon a rechar-
ter, and professed a friendship—rather a cool one,
to be sure, for a national bank under existing cir-
cumstances. I am glad this single question is
presented,as it gives me at once a pioper occasion
to refer to some remaiks which I made a few days
since, and which seem to have been, by some gen-
tlemen, imperfectly understood, or entirely per-
veited and misapplied
Sir, (said Mr K ,) what 1 said, I said, and have
no disposition to letract or mouify it But why
(said Mr K ) are the remarks referred to con-
stantly called " admissions1" I call them statements,
for which I am alone responsible. By what au-
thority (said Mr K ) do gentlemen so connect a
party with me as to embatrass it either by my
statements or admissions' What I did state, Mr
President, and am willing to repeat, is, that I had
travelled in several States in the South and South-
west, and that the measure adopted by the Admin-
istration in the removal of the deposites, at the
time the act was done, was very generally disap-
i proved as inexpedient But was I not sufficiently
expVit as to the nature and reasons of this dis-
approbation     It was not because the people in
I the South generally believed that the President
acted from bad motives, not because they believed
he had violated and trampled the Constitution
under foot, not because in so doing he had usurped
dangerous powers, and united the purse and the
sword, not because they are in favor of the Bank
of the United States; not because they believe
that the institution has not abused its functions, by
conupting presses, and purchasing up politicians,
and in many other ways, not because they disa-
gree with the President in the gieot end of destroy-
in  this ins'itu'ion, which they think datjgerous to
liberty No, sir Whatever my own opinion
may be, I think the great majority of the people
to whom I referred are with the President on all
I   these points     But they disapproved the act, be-
1 cause, whatever may have been the conduct of the
bank, they knew it possessed immense power, and
•  was fixed on the countiy till the 4th of March,
1836. They also, perhaps, had not full confidence
in the patriotism of the combination of parties
opposed to the Administration, who they feared
would avail themselves of this pretext to use this
most powerful engine in the cause of party, and
thereby inflict cruel calamity upon an unoffending
community. They therefore said, let the lion
sleep, and quietly expire for want of congres-
sional breath, peaceably die for want of a charter.
I stated fuither, sir, (said Mr. K ,) (but with
the added caution that I only Btated my conjec-
tures,) that I thought these were the sentiments of
a majority even of the friends of the Administra-
tion when Congress assembled, and if the question
of restoration hod been viewed only as one of
expediency—had not been made a party question,
and forced upon the fnends of the Administration
in a form to make it one upon which the existence
of an Administration which was preferíed for
higher reasons, was to depend, and a vote taken
on the subject before these apprehended mischiefs
had occurred, and by which they might have been
prevented; in that case, a majority of two thirds
of both Houses might have voted a restoration of
the deposites I say so still, without professing,
either before or now, to make anything more than
a conjecture of my own. It is said all around me
that 1 am mistaken on this point. I think it very
likely, sir, and so stated before. But what I am
most anxious in this place to noticeand correctis,
the misconstruction of my admission, as it is called
by the honorable Senator from Maryland. I did
not say, or eien intimate1—1 did not then, nor do I
now, believe that there is a majority of two thirds
or any other majority, in either House, who believe
it would be expedient, or beneficial to the countiy,
now to restore the deposites, unless the Bank of
the United States is to be rechartered. Nay, sir,
I will go further. As it seems I have bound one
party, I will now bind the other. I stated when
last up that if I ¡iked the project for a renewal of
the charter for a short time, I would vote for it.
My favoi to this, and all paper issuing banks is,
to be sure, a cool one, but if the gentleman gets
my vote, I piesume he will not care much with
what feeling it is given. I am, then, sir, the gen-
tleman must admit, at least in a modified sense, a
bank man; and, therefore, for a much stronger
reason than any he showed, have a right to bind
him and the whole bank party. I say, then, dis-
tinctly, that there are, in my opinion, few, in or
out of this House, even of that party, who care a
snap of the finger for a restoration of the deposites,
unless the recharter of the bank is to accompany
or follow that measure All must know, or at least
believe, that restoration, without «charter, must
only add an additional shock to the cunency, and
prolong the distresses of the people I cannot per-
mit honorable gentlemen to escape from the obli-
gations of my " admission " 1 certainly have
better authority for making this "admission "than
that which they have attempted to use against the
friends of the Administration.
Sir, (said Mr K ,) having endeavored to relieve
the friends of the Administration from the embar-
rassment of what is called my "admission," I
will proceed to notice the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, who thinks it strange I
should not have heard of the constitutional objec-
tions until they were raised in this Hall. I state
so again, and I presume the honorable gentleman,
does not intend to call in question the trxith of this
statement
Mr LEIGH Certainly not.
I did not (said Mr IC ) state that the objections
had not been before made, only that I had no rec-
ollection of having seen or heard them, by which
alone I intended to prove that among plain people
the objections were not obvious, an'd for that reason
alone should not be readily trusted, as, in fact, no
reasoning was to be trusted but that which was
natural and easy This very power had been be-
fore exercised, was a power which seemed literally
gi\en by the bank charter, and had even been
exercsed, without a whisper of complaint, he be-
lieved, for purposes the most obnoxious,(according
to thevews of the honorable Senator,) that is,/or
the assistance if the State banks What discourses
may Lave been early made, or views expressed by
the learned circles of Richmond, Kentucky, or
elsewhere, and which had escaped his observation,
he kne*r not.   He only meant to say that a con-
