232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
struction which required the penetration of prac-
tised politicians, or even the aid of a learned pro-
fessor, whose very professional duties led to the
habitual use of subtleties, should not readily be
countenanced by those who have a real regard
for the Constitution.
Why, Mr. President, (said Mr. K.,) I can truly
say, even now, that although I have listened atten-
tively here for two months, and paid strict atten-
tion to the subject, I do not now distinctly under-
stand any definite and welt understood ground
upon which the power of the Secretary to íemove
the deposites is denied. There is such a confusion
of ideas on the subject—so much difference of |
opinion, and such a mixture of objections to the j¡
power itself, and the insufficiency of the reasons
for it's exercise in this particular instance,'that I
find it impossible to understand gentlemen upon
this point. This may be, and probably is, owing
to my own obtuseness of intellect, but may be
taken as some evidence of the danger of this novel
construction of the charter. He had, however, no
disposition to enter into an argument on a point so
much discussed already, and if he had, he could
not be expected to refute arguments which he
could not clearly understand. Suffice it to say,
then, Mr. President, that the power exercised
by the Secretary is plainly given in the bank
charter.
But it seems we are very unexpectedly sur-
rounded by strict constructionists, who, to prove
their principles, instead of reading a charter, make
acharter. New friends to the Constitution. Yes,
sir, gentlemen who for years have been mutually
charging each other with a habitual contempt of
the Constitution, all at once claim to be the only
exclusive guardians of that instrument; and to
show their new-born affection, instead of expound-
ing the Constitution, they go into elaborate argu-
ments to prove what the Constitution ought to be.
The continual cry is, " the Constitution, the Con-
stitution ! the bleeding Constitution !" There are
no constitutional measures but their measures.
There is no people but their people. Allis tyranny
that keeps their party out of power. All is op-
pression that forces the equal and regular oper-
ation of the laws. "Liberty!" " Liberty !" is the
cry of these exclusive patriots. An oppressed, en-
slaved , and degraded people are called on to rescue
the Constitution and recover the liberty they have
lost; and in the very next breath we hear the com-
plaint that the Senate alone can save the country,
as the majority of the people are against them. In the
name of reason, sir, what kind of liberty is this?
It can be no other, by their own confessions, than
the liberty of governing—the liberty of a few to govern
the great body of the people; and not the liberty of the
great body of the people to govern themselves.
Those who prefer the present Administration
are continually taunted with the question, " And
will you submit ?" I answer, aye, sir, I will submit
to the laws of my country and the Gpvernment
of my choice. But, sir, I will tell you what I am
not disposed to submit to: I never can, willingly,
submit to the dictates of an ambitious and dis-
appointed faction.
But, sir, we have just heard again the oft-re-
peated alarm that we are living under a despotism.
Paper currency, it is stated, cannot be sustained
under despotic government. And why, sir, these
continual insultsoffered to themojority of the Amer-
ican people for sustaining the Government of their
choice? Sir, gentlemen may cease their lamenta-
tions, and the band of leagued tyrants on the other
side of the water, to whom they afford so much
joy, may hush their triumphs. The people of this
country will protect their own liberties, and march
on to the highest destiny of nations. Yes, sir; they
may meet with impediments—the extremes of
political doctrine may hang heavily on each skirt;
they may be loaded down with bank paper—trip-
ped up or jostled by bank monopolies—and meet
with the various obstacles thrown in their way by
party dissensions, but still, sir, the great body of
this nation will move on with thegathering strength
of agrowing giant—not to "despotism,"sir—not
to tyranny; but until they shake tyranny from
the earth, and crumble the despotism of the world
to atoms.
Sir, (said Mr. K.,) the people of the United States
ere free, and under God, I think they are determined
to remain so.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
McKEAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing relief to Ann Holland, widow of Thomas Hol-
land, deceased, a revolutionary soldier.
At half past two o'clock the special order of the
day was announced, being the
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. TALLMADGE rose and addressed the
Senate until half past three o'clock, sustaining the
Secretary of the Treasury in removing the depos-
ites from the Bank of the United States; when he
gave way to
Mr. CLAY, upon whose motion
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF EEPRESENTAT1VES.
Wednesday, March 12, 1834.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. POLK rose and said, that as the docu-
ments appended to the report presented by the
Committee of Ways and Means, which were or-
dered to be printed, had not been yet laid on the
table by the public printer; and as the object of
postponing the consideration of the report was to
j have them printed for the information of the House,
before there was any discussion on the subject, he
felt it necessary to move that the further consider-
ation of the report be postponed until Tuesday
next.
Mr. WILDE hoped the motion to postpone
would not prevail. Every member already had
the principal documents, and was therefore pre-
pared to proceed with the discussion. He de-'
sired to submit his views, and he would suggest
that, as he was prepared now to go into it, which
would take up some time, and as Friday and Sat-
urday were set apart for private business, the
subject would at all events have to stand over till
Tuesday.
Mr. ELLSWORTH said that it could not be
doubted, when the state of the public feeling was
considered, that this subject ought to be proceeded
with, as it was the duty of the House at once
to decide, if it was to be so decided, that the
deposites were to remain where they were now
placed.
Mr. DICKSON, of New York, viewing it as
all-important that the House should have full in-
formation preparatory to full discussion, was in
favor of the postponement,.for the reason given
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. CHILTON would not stop now to remark
upon the change of attitude which those who for-
merly so strenuously opposed delay on this sub-
ject now presented in seeking for it. He felt com-
pelled, however, to agree with them, because he
wished the great question should be settled coolly
and dispassionately, and because, if it was in
order to refer to what wis done elsewhere, he
might say there was a proposition made (in the
Senate) which might restore the lost and murdered
tranquillity of the country. He did not desirethat
his acquiescence to postpone should be considered
any acquiescence with the views by which the Ex-
ecutive was influenced, but as a means to have the
present question satisfactorily settled.
Mr. WAYNE rose only to remark that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
had no disposition to delay this discussion; but he
felt that if he pressed it, under the circumstances
he stated, that he would have left himself subject
to a very heavy imputation, and deservedly so, if
he pressed discussion without having documents
declared to be important, and which were ordered
to be printed. There were some of the documents
which had never been in print, and although anx-
ious, hinj^elf, that the discussion should go on,
yet he must say that he was not prepared to go
on with'it without these documents. He desired
that the postponement should be fairly understood
as desired, because that information to which the
members were entitled had not been printed;
for if the discussion went on witboutthis inform-
ation, they might be called on to vote on a sub- I
ject upon which they had not had information
which they had a right to call for. From these
views, and believing that the discussion could go
on next week, and, as he hoped it would,uninter-
ruptedly until its close, he hoped the postpone-
ment would be acceded to.
Mr. BURGES deprecated any further delay,
for nothing was so oppressive to the heart as that
feeling which ariseth from hope deferred.   They
could not justify themselves to their constituents
for delaying a discussion upon a subject in wjiich
delay was ruin to their hopes and prospects, and
he thought so certain as delay would be now
made, so certainly would the people  scrutinize
with severity their conduct.   He could not agree
that it was necessary to wait for the documents.
It was  not necessary to wait for precedents or
dicta to ascertain whether ¿he Secretary had vio-
lated the law and brought ruin and destruction on
the country, when it was openly maintained that
i it was not the Secretary who had the power over
i th&public purse, but the President.    Was it not
| perfectly idle under such circumstances to delay
| the discussion ?   If, however, as was intimated by
I the member from Kentucky, [Mr. Chilton,] that
j delay was sought under the hope that something
! might proceed from the President, he must say
j he would wait, and in sackcloth and ashes, to see
j whether any measure of  relief would proceed
! from such a tyrannical and usurping Government.
But, whilst distress was overwhelming the com-
munity, why should they wait?    What chance
was there for relief from that quarter?  He must
again deprecate further delay, and express his
hope that the public voice would not be stifled by
protraction.    He would arraign the conduct pur-
'• sued by the Executive, living or dead; if dead,
he would arraign his memory for the perpetration
of acts of such gross usurpation, that he ought to
have been hurled from office.    The delay sought
for would be followed by calls for the previous
question, by committees of investigation to set
during the summer; and thus there would be no
relief given to the community.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said,it appeared from
what had fallen from the member from Rhode
Island, that his opinion was made up on this sub-
ject, and that nothing that could be adduced would
justify what he was pleased to term acts of gross
usurpation. But he trusted that the House were not
prejudiced to the same extent which that honorable
member had avowed. He thought it was a most
novel proposition, that, upon a question of such a
grave character, there should be a desire to pre-
cipitate discussion, when information, ordered to
be printed, was within their reach. He would
make an additional remark; he had been hitherto
a silent, but notan inattentive observer of the past
discussion, and he must say, that for one, he en-
tertained the opinion that the distress which they
had heard, was attributable, in a great degree, to
the delay that had taken place in deciding this
question. He hoped, therefore, that when the
question should come up in a tangible shape, that
the honorable member from Rhode Island would
show the same disposition to act speedily upon it,
that he no^w did. In voting to postpone now, he
[Mr. Mason] was not for continuing the evils
which were brought upon the country, and which
were brought upon it by a variety of causes, but
he desired to have all the meanj presented to the
House, that voting upon the question, they should
be enabled to come to a right conclusion.
Mr. CHILTON ALLAN expressed his alarm
at the indications thrown out, and that there was
some intention to prevent ample discussion upon
a subject which, upon all hands, was agreed to be
so necessary. He desired that the discussion
should proceed, and that it should be sent into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for that purpose. He might however be mistaken
in what he was afraid was the meaning of what
had fallen from honorable members, and he called
on the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to say at once whether it is his intention to
send this into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POLK replied, that although he did not
know that the honorable member was authorized
to propound such an interrogatory, yet he would
answer it. He would avow, that he was unwilling
that the subject should be sent to any place where
a decision could not be had upon it; although he, at
