1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23$
REMARKS OF MR. MUHLENBERG,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
Tuesday, March 4, 1834,
On the Bill to provide for the settlement of certain
Revolutionary Claims.
lam pleased, Mr. Speaker, thatsomeof
our young friends have found an opportu-
nity of exhibiting their talents at speech-
making, and delivering animated addresses
upon a new subject. It is, however, to be
regretted, that both the subject and the
time appear to be ill-chosen. Indeed, I
cannot but express my surprise and regret
that there should be opposition to a bill of
the description of that now before you—a
bill providing for the settlement of the
most just and best founded of all revolu-
tionary claims: and particularly that the
opposition should only show itself in the
last stage of the bill, when amendment, can
no longer be admitted.
The report which accompanied the bill
when it was brought into the House, and
which was lead at the Clerk's desk when
it was under consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, amply explains the nature of the
claims to be provided for, and the principles
upon which they are to be settled. That
report has, also, no doubt, been read, ex-
amined, and considered by the great mass
of the honorable gentlemen around me in
their own chambers. It would, therefore,
appear unnecessary to take up much of
the time of the House in discussing the
provisions and merits of the bill. Its na-
ture and objects must be understood ; the
utility and even necessity of its passage be
generally felt. Under such circumstances
its fate might readily be left to the gooj
sense, to the justice and experience of
the House, without another word in its
defence.
As, however, there has been an opposi-
tion uulooked for, a sounding of trumpets ,
to the riiiht and left, to collect forces for a ,i
further onset, I must be permitted to say a
word in regard to the objects of the com-
mittee, and a word in reply to a few of the
objection  raised against the bill, leaving a
reply to the remainder to other gentlemen
of the committee, who will, no doubt, tri-
umphantly vindicate its provisions.
The committee under whose orders the
bill   was  reported, had  several  objects  m
lien-, which seemed to them laudable, and
which  it was thought might be accom- :
phshed by its passage.                                   !
One of these objects was, to save the ;
time of the House : a point considered as
of some importance. A large number of
a\<e>, about two hundred, all of a similar
character, and embraced in the provisions
of the bill, were reiened to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims during the pres-
ent session of Congiess. The mass of
these have l'-mamed unacted upon; they
Luc been he'd back in the hope of a
prompt ¡.ctii)!i and speedy passage of the
present genora! bill w Inch, provides for the
settlement of thi^ whol" c!a-s of claims at
the Treasury Department.    Should the bill
not pass, a majority of these cases must
necessarily be placed on the calendar in
as short a period as possible. This will,
of course, greatly increase the business of
the House, and in the same degree pre-
vent its action upon other private claims,
a large number of which have been pend-
ing for years without receiving any further
notice than being placed from time to time,
from year to year, upon the calendar, some
proof' at least, that they are just, that the
claimants are entitled to relief as they have
the favorable testimony of the investigating
committees. Sir, this delay in the settle-
ment of private claims is a growing evil.
Anything which may decrease their num-
ber, and thus-enable the House to give more
time to the remainder, should, I think, be
calculated to find favor in this Hall.
Another object of the committee was, to
accelerate the settlement of such of these
claims as are just and sustained by suffi-
cient evidence.    Probably—and I judge
from  some   experience,   Mr.   Speaker—
probably it would  take Congress five or
more years to pass definitively upon those
cases which are now before the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims,, if, as is at
present the practice, a special act is to be
passed in each individual case.    But, sir,
it is not to be  presumed that the cases at
present before the committee are the only
existing cases.    More will  no doubt be
referred during the present, and more at
the next session of Congress.    There may
be from fifty to one hundred  more  cases
scattered   through   the Middle,  Eastern,
and  Western   States,   the  present  cases
being principally from the South.   Should
the bill fail, I grieve for the delay of justice,
which must inevitably be the consequence.
In many highly meritorious cases it will be
equal to an entire denial of justice, and he
who fought your battles gallantly and shed
his blood freely, and sacrificed his all with-
out hesitation, to secure your independ-
ence,  will   go   down   to his   grave   with
sorrow, and bequeath no blessing to an
ungrateful country.    Whereas, should the
bilfbecomealaw, this whole class of cases
may be disposed of in a twelvemonth, and
thereby speedy justice be ensured to the
still  surviving meritorious  officer of the
Revolution ; or, if he has gone to rest with
his brave  associates, at least  to his de-
scendants, who have become impoverished
, by the sacrifices of their ancestor.
j      Another object of the committee was, to
'■ render the rejection of all unjust, unfound-
: ed claims of this class nearly certain ; at j
least more so than can now be expected. |
Whatever evidence may exist  in favor of
■ ■ these claims, is of course'sought out and
: invar tablv presented to Congress, or rather
' its committees ; whereasthat of a contrary
de-enption—that adverse to the claimants,
if there be any—is either not known to
them, or held*t>ack.    This  evidence, ad-
verse to the claims, is scattered throush-
out the   public offices.    The members ol
the committee are obliged to go h
search
of it   and ;et. after their utmost care anrt
assiduin, it may escape their search; they
may fail to apply at the proper source.
This difficulty would at once be obviated,
if, as provided for in the bill on your table,
a decision on these cases and a settlement
were left to the Treasury Department. All
the evidence in the possession of the Gov-
ernment would then at once be collected
to one point, and made to bear upon every
individual case. Few unjust claims would,
in this mode of procedure, escape a re-
jection, whereas now they may at times
escape the vigilance of any committee
upon whom the House may choose to
throw the burden of investigating them.
The bill before you, Mr. Speaker, would
then, should it become a law, save the time
of the House and the money of the Gov-
ernment. It would go far to ensure the
rejection of unjust claims, and accelerate
the settlement of such as are just, not only
of this class, but of all others left for the
decision of Congress. It would ensure
the same measure of justice to one citizen
which is granted to another, and could
not fail, by equal, exact, and speedy jus-
tice, of giving satisfaction to all parties.
But the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Pierce,] complains that all
proofs I'or the validity of these claims are
made to rest upon presumption, and mere
presumption. Far from it, Mr. Speaker.
The gentleman has misapprehended the
intentions of the-committee. Under the
bill, absolute, positive proof of service is
required to the year 1781, when the army
of the Revolution was reorganized under
the resolution of October, 1780; it is in
fact required to the virtual close of the war,
when the equity of the case would require
the admission o'f the claim. If presump-
tions are admitted after that period, who
will venture to assert that they are unrea-
sonable? It is unreasonable to suppose
that an officer who had served until the
war was considered as at an end, would
voluntarily resign his commission, and
that he would not hold to the advantages
promised him if he should continue in the
service a short time longer, when there
was in fact little fatigue and less danger
connected with the service! Surely there
is nothing unreasonable in such a pre-
sumption. Would not self-interest, honor,
the known attachment formed to military
life by a long continuance in it, lead to the
presumption that the great mass of officers
would hold to their commissions until a
disbandment of the army took place?
If there be presumptions as to any
part of the evidence, they are such, Mr.
Speaker, as have been admitted by wiser
heads than mine, or perhaps, than that of
my young, estimable, and talented friend
from New Hampshire. The fathers of
the nation—the Senate, have acted upon
them for many years past, and the House
has followed the example set by the Sen-
ate. Nav, sir, both Houses have for years
past, not" only acted upon some presump-
tive proof, tlíey have acted upon the ad-
tted fact, that service was not continued
■ -   •  ■    1781.
inn______ ,
longer than the capture of York in        _
Thus in the case of General Hamilton s
