THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PR£NTEP_ANP   PUBL2SBn^D_AT_TH_E   CITY   OF   WASh1ÑGTOÑTbY~BLAIR  &   RIVES:
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 22, 1834.
Vol. 1....No. 16.
The Senate did not sit on Saturday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 15, 1834.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a motion to grant
the use of the Hall, on Monday evening, to Mr.
Whitlow, for the purpose of lecturing upon Asiatic
cholera and dyspeptics. An objection being made,
Mr. JOHNSON moved the suspension of the rule.
It appearing by the vote, 80 to 21, that there was
no quorum, Mr. THOMSON moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. CARR called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. PARKER asked if a call of the House was
in order, and was informed by the Chair that it
was not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to a8journ, it was decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 7, noes 121.
The question being taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rule, to permit Mr. Johnson to make his
motion,
Mr. WATMOUGH asked for the yeas and
nays, which were refused.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. SHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported an amendment to the
bill respecting the Potomac Bridge; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensionsjjjeported a bill granting pensions
to certain persons therein named. Read twice,
and committed.
Mr. WARD WELL, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Peter Triplett.
Read twice, and committed.
The resolution of Mr. MARD1S, respecting the
public deposites, was taken up.
The SPEAKER informed the House that he
had received a letter from Mr. Bürges, a member
of the House, stating that he was prevented by
indisposition from attending the House to-day,
and requesting that the consideration of the reso-
lution be postponed till Monday.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
the further consideration of the resolution was
postponed till Monday.
Mr. POLK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to permit the Army appropriation bill to be
read a third time; and no objection being made,
the bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved the suspension of the
rule, in order to take up a joint resolution relative
to the purchase of certain books.    Agreed to.
The House proceeded to consider a joint resolu-
tion for the purchase of certain books, the question
being on an amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, for the purchase of additional
copies of Gales & Seaton's Debates.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted an amendment to the
amendment, which the Chair stated was not now
in order.
Mr. FOSTER said that when the subject was
up formerly, he stated that he would endeavor to
cause our constituents to be informed of the amount
of money which we appropriated to ourselves.
He wished to have a law providing what books
we should purchase, and stating what sums we
should appropriate for them. He was willing to
buy Gales & Seaton's nine volumes, and Elliot's
book, and Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman
Empire, and Hume's England, and Kent's Com-
mentaries, &c, pay for them out of a certain and
limited contingent fund, as far as it goes, and pay-
ing the balance out of our own pay. Some one
once asked whether members who opposed these
appropriations received the hooks. He replied to
the question that he did receive them. But if the
House would leave the money in the treasury,
instead of appropriating it to the contingent fund,
he would suffer the books to remain on the print-
er's shelves.   He then moved that the resolution
16
be recommitted to the Committee on the Library,
with instructions to inquire and report what books
ought to be purchased, and the amount which they
Will cost.
Mr. J. ft. ADAMS asked if it was in order to
move an amendment to the instructions requiring
the committee to report a biH.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not now
in order.
Mr. ADAMS had no objection to the object of
the inquiry, but he wished to have a bill, instead
of a joint resolution, reported. He conceived that
the resolution, as it stood, was unconstitutional.
His objection was not to the object, but to the
form of the proceeding. Mr. A. proceeded to
sustain his objections, when
Mr. SPEIGHT rose to a question of order.
The merits of the question were not now open for
discussion. If the gentleman would defer his re-
marks to a proper time, he would meet him on the
constitutional question.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to dis-
cuss the merits of the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS, is it not in order at any time
gand under any circumstances, to oppose the pas-
sage of a bill or resolution here on constitutional
grounds?
The SPEAKER decided that it was not now in
order to discuss the merits of the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS. I submit, sir, but am not con-
vinced.    '
Mr. FOSTER said, that as the members would
not, he hoped, be unwilling to record their names
upon a question whether the people should be in-
formed of the amount of money which we appro-
priate to ourselves, he asked the yeas and nayson
the question.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays,
twenty-four only rising in the affirmative.
Mr. FOSTER'S motion to recommit was re-
jected, thirty-seven voting in-the affirmative.
Mr. FOSTER said he was only sorry that the
thirty-seven members had not voted for the call of
the yeas and nays.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was concurred in.
Mr. SPEIGHT then offered his amendment.
Mr. J Q,. ADAMS opposed the amendment and
resolution. The Constitution (he said) declared
that no money should be drawn from the Treasuy
but in consequence of an appropriation by law.
Nothing could become a law but that which was
introduced in the form of a bill. Every bill, be-
fore it shall become a law, must be presented to
the President of the United States for his approval
and signature. This (said Mr. A.) is the first
instance of an attempt to appropriate money by
joint resolution. There was not a single instance
of the kind on the statute books. If the resolu-
tion passed, he hoped the appropriation would be
stricken out.
Mr. SPEIGHT would say but a few words on
the question. He would ask if the gentleman
means to say that no appropriations have ever been
made by resolutions? He would refer the gentle-
man to a resolution, which he himself introduced,
at the commencement of the session, for the pur-
chase of the bank book.
Mr. ADAMS. There was no appropriation in
that.
Mr. SPEIGHT subscribed, he said, to the doc-
trine of the gentleman, that no money can be ap-
propriated except bylaw. What is law? The
expression of the will <"f the Legislature, in joint
resolution, was an expression of that will, and had
all the sanction of law. He was surprised to hear
the gentleman assert that no appropriations have
ever been made by joint resolution. Appropri-
ations had been often made indirectly, and he be-
lieved directly, by resolution; and he could point
out to the gentleman a joint resolution of this
kind, which he himself sanctioned during his Ad-
ministration.
Mr. ADAMS. I would be glad if the gentle-
man would show it.
Mr. SPEIGHT had, he said, but one motive in
offering his amendment; it was to put the new
members on the footing with the old members, in
respect to being furnished with books. He pro-
posed to furnish the new members with the nine
volumes of the Register of Debates, and the old
members with the last volume. He also stated,
upon the authority of a letter from Messrs. Galea
&, Seaton, that this work must be discontinued,
for want of patronage, unless the patronage of
Congress should be continued to it. Inconclusion,
Mr. S. said, that unless we got books for the new
members, he should propose that the old members
should bring all the books which they have here-
tofore received, put them down in a pile, and
divide them among all the members.
Mr. FOSTER.    I will join you jn that, sir.
Mr. McDUFFIE suggested that if " appropri-
ated" was stricken out of the joint resolution, it
might obviate-the objection of the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts.
Mr. Speioht's amendment was read as follows:
strike out after Resolved, and insert " That the
' members of the present-Congress who have not
' heretofore received them be supplied by the Clerk
' with the same books that have been ordered to
' be furnished to the members of the last Congress;
' together with complete sets of the Register of
' Debates, to the ninth volume inclusive, and that
' such members of the last Congress as have re-
' ceived parts of the Debates be also furnished with
' volumes necessary to complete their sets to the
' ninth volume inclusive, and the expense be paid
' out of the contingent fund."
Mr. FOSTER expressed regret that the honor-
able member, [Mr. Speight,] with whom he had
so long felt pleasure-in acting, should have taken
the lead in making this proposition; buthebegged
to remind the House that upon a former occasion
they had, by a large majority, declared that these
boolts should not be paid for out of their contin-
gent fund.
Mr. POLK said he, for one, could not vote for
the amendment, because if he did he would there-
by be abandoning the great principle for which he
had always contended, viz: that the House had
no right to use their contingent fund for such pur-
poses, or cause any books to be ordered or paid
for except by a law or by joint resolution. He
would state that he was not opposed, but, on the
contrary, was willing to vote that the new mem-
bers should receive such books as had been voted
to the members of the last Congress; but he could
not give the former members any in addition to
what they had already ohtained.
Mr. GALBRAITH called for the reading of the
resolution and amendment.
They were read accordingly; after which
Mr. SPEIGHT said that he coincided in the
opinion avowed by the honorable member from
Tennessee as to the principle about the contingent
fund; but under the circumstance, he considered
that it was only an act of justice that the new
members should be placed on a similar footing:
with the old, and as the Senate did not choose to
come to the House for a joint resolution for the
purchase of such books as they desired, he would
not go to them.
Mr. PARKER was opposed to the amendment.
He thought at the time the House had receded
from their disagreement to the Senate's amend-
ment to the House appropriation bill that there
was an understanding that thenceforth all future
purchases of books should be provided for by billa
for that purpose, or by a joint resolution of both
Houses.
Mr. BARRINGER rose to set the member from
New Jersey right upon this. He had certainly
not supposed there was any such understanding.
The Senate, so far from having it, had, by their
acts soon after, completely negatived the idea that
there was any understanding of the kind, for they
had supplied themselves with hooka without re*
garding the disposition of the House on the sub-
ject.   The resolution, as amended, therefore, only
