1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'243
But he would not consent, though one of the
members for whose benefit the resolution was in-
troduced, to pay the public money for our own
private benefit. The member from Virginia might
be assured that, however it was in Virginia, there
were no oracles in New York.
Mr. POLK said he would show the House what
extent this system of pensioning publishers on our„
contingent fund had been carried in another branch
of Congress. He held in his hand a statement from
the Secretary of the Senate, showing that during
the last year that body voted for the purchase of
Gales & Seaton's Debates, §1,940, and for Duff
Green's Compilation of the Land Laws,&c., (1,600
copies,) oyer $46,000, and other sums for other
day. Can it be, that the State of* Virginia has
come to a premature old age? He trusted not.
But the course of the gentleman almost induced
him to believe—stranger as he was to this body—
that the day of public men in Virginia had gone
by.
Mr. McDTJFFIE rose. Though he stood be-
tween the two gentlemen, yet he had no intention
to interfere in their strife. He would say, since
they had got upon classical ground,
" Non nostri tamas componere iites;"
but he wished to bring down the gentlemen from
the high political and classical topics upon which
they had been discoursing, to the small matter of
works.    He questioned whether any member of >j figures which was before the House, &c.
the Senate looked at the amount of this expendi-
ture "at the time when it was made. The same
was the case with this House. He wished the
House to understand what they were doing, and
what they were likely to do. We had before us
the example of the Senate for purchasing 1,600
copies of a work, at the expense of $46,000, to be
paid out of a contingent fund of §36,000.
Mr. WISE asked whether the House had not
uniformly been furnished with books by resolu-
tion. He hoped that the abuses of the Senate—
he did not use the term in disrespect to that body—
would not be followed by the House. We were
told by the gentleman from New Yoik, that in
New York there are no oracles. He had not used
the word "oracles" in the uefphic sense. The
oracles to which he referred, were the stump ora-
tors of the country. If there were no such oracles
in New York, there were a plenty of them in Vir-
ginia; and he hoped in God that so long as there
was a green court-yard and a stump to be found
in Virginia, there would be no lack of such oracles.
During the spring elections in Virginia, it was the
custom for the competitors for office in the several
counties, to address the people. During the last
spring, he had himself, he believed, made as many
as twenty-seven stump speeches, besides having
one hundred and fifty cross-road skirmishes. But
it seems that the constituents of the gentleman are
Bo wise that they listen to no such sources of in-
struction. No doubt they are the salt of the earth,
and that wisdom will perish with them. But still,
if lie had not been much misinformed, there was
an'oracle in Albany, which does give law to the
gentleman himself, and to his constituents.
Mr. MANN, of New York, had not intended,
he said, to disturb the gentleman's equanimity, nor
to draw from him any reflection upon New York.
Sitting here as a listener, he had often heard the
gentleman speak about New York, its parties, its
discipline, and what not; but he had not regarded
it. He knew that it was quite common, of late, to
talk in the debates of New York politics, of New
York magicians, and of the machinery by which
the politics of the State were supposed to be man-
aged. Sir, the gentleman is totally ignorant of
New York. I referred, sir, to the gentleman's re-
mark, that the members from Virginia were ora-
cles in their own districts. 1 did notknow whether
he used the term in the Delphic sense, or the stump
sense; but, as the gentleman is a classical scholar,
1 thought he had allusion to the classics, and I
supposed—though, to be sure, it was rather an ex-
travagant supposition—that the members from
Virginia, a State distinguished in old times for its
eminent men, called himself an oracle among his
constituents. Let me tell the gentleman, and others
who think with him, to come into New York, and
go among the people. He will find them free, in-
telligent, virtuous, instructed, and as independent
in their opinions as any on the face of the globe.
Under the management at Albany, of which the
gentleman speaks, we had a free and enlightened
government, a system of public instruction which
was unrivalled in the world; a noble system of in-
ternal improvements; vast, increasing, and rapidly
developing resources and individual wealth, virtue,
find happiness. Let the gentleman look at all this,
and then say, if he chooses, that such a people are
governed by an oracle at Albany, or elsewhere.
That population, he assured the gentleman, was
not to be influenced either by stump speeches or
by oracles. Mr. M. continued his remarks, con-
trasting the former public men of Virginia—upon
whose political sentiments he was proud to say he
had formed his own—with those of the present
After some conversation between Mr. J. &,
A.DAMSandMr.POLK,in reference to the doc-
ument which the latter had read to the House,
relative to the expenditures of the Senate—
Mr. LANE said, if the object of gentlemen who
had occupied the floor for the last hour in opposi-
tion to the resolution, had been to convince mem-
bers of the inexpediency of its adoption, he could
only say, so far as it regarded himself, they had
been truly unfortunate. So far from having heard
anything to change, his first impressions had been
confirmed. That no one had contributed more
largely in producing that result than his honorable
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.]
We are told by that gentleman that the Senate
have, by a similar resolution, appropriated up-
wards of $40,000 in purchasing books for that
body.
This fact, so far from proving the dangerous
tendency of the resolution for which it has been
.thrown into the deoate, was conclusive to his mind
I of not only the propriety of its adoption, but of its
j necessity.
If the Senate, of whose integrity and intelligence
: he entertained the most exalted opinion, composed
i of forty-eight members, hail found it necessary for
i a full and faithful discharge of their duties to ex-
| pend that sum, how much greater the necessity,
and with  how much more propriety, may this
I House, composed of two hundred and forty mem-
bers, appropriate from the same fund, for a similar
purpose, the sum of §4,000 contemplated by the
resolution.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Chilton]
has told us gravely, he will vote against the res-
olution in any shape, though he had received the
same books now contemplated to be furnished new
members, in order to place them in that respect
on an equality with the old, by virtueof a similar
resolution.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Pinckney] informs the House that he has arrived
at the same conclusions, and therefore had made
the motion for indefinite postponement, with the
exception that he had paid for the books out of his
own funds. A most excellent reason for voting
against the resolution,-and especially for the gen-
; tleman from Kentucky.
' The gentleman from New York. [Mr. Mann,]
! in reply to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
I Wise,] informs the House, they have no oracles
\ in New York; that hisxonstituents will notcon-
j suit him as to what had been done in this House.
! If that be true, so much greater the necessity of
i these books, that his constituents may read and
', judge for themselves.                 *
! Mr. L. said he was differently situated; his con-
| stituents would no doubt make many inquiries in
\ relation to the action of this House and the part he
i had taken, and to answer, and satisfactorily to an-
! swer, any inquiry, he desired to have the books ¡n
! the way they have been furnished to the old mem-
Í bers. He considered the books for the new mem-
1 bers not only as an act of justice, but to enable
! them to discharge their respective duties here
i and at home. He therefore should vote against
i the motion to postpone.
1 After a few remarks in explanation from Mr.
i WISE and Mr. MANN,
I     Mr.  FOSTER repeated his objections to the
purchase of books by the contingent fund of the
House, instead of by a bill for that purpose,
i     The question on postponing the resolutions in-
definitely was decided in the negative—yeas 80
1 nays 115.
I     Mr. CHILTON called for the yeas and nays on
thequestion of agreeing to the resolution, as amend-
d by Mr. Speight.
The House refused to order them; and the reso-
lution as amended, &c, was agreed to, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 17,1834.
Mr. POINDEXTER, agreeably to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a resolution to
enable the Committee on Public Lands to employ
a clerk to record the testimony about being taken
before that committee, relative to alleged frauds in
the land offices; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated the
proceedings of a numerous meeting of freeholders
and voters of the country of Shenandoah, Vir-
ginia, approving of the course of the Administra-
tion, objecting to the restoration of the public
deposites, and against the recharterof the Bank of
the United States. The proceedings having been
read—
Mr. TYLER said he rose for the purpose of
moving the printing of these proceedings, and
their reference to the Committee on Finance. He
further said, that as one of the representatives of
Virginia here, he would have taken great pleasure
in making known the sentiments of any portion of
her citizens, if they had made known their senti-
ments to him, without any regard to their political
principles; and he would have been pleased, on
this occasion, to have been the medium of present-
ing their views. But although they had not in-
trusted him with this duty, he was not unadvised
of these proceedings. The people of the county
of Shenandoah were Whig from a period long
anterior to the Revolution. In that struggle which
terminated in the achievement of ourindependence,
the people of that county stood by the side of
those who fought for the country. And such was
their zeal, at that eventful period, that after the
consummation of the struggle, they even objected
to the name which the county then held. It was
then named Dunmore, after the last of the royal
Governors of Virginia, and they thought that the
name which it now bears, after the noble river
which flows through its soil, was more compatible
with their ideas of liberty. In subsequent con-
tests in which the country was engaged they had
been uniformly found with the Republican party,
headed by Mr. Jefferson. What they were at a
period anterior to our history, no one has a right
to question, nor would he now question it. It was
his misfortune to see some things in the present
posture of our affairs, with different eyes from
theirs, and if they had the same opportunities of
observation which he had here, he believed they
would not be' found differing. But be this as it
might, in relation to some of the principles con-
tained in these resolutions, he cordially agreed
with them. He was opposed to the Bank of the
United States on broad constitutional grounds.
And while he differed with them in the assump-
tion of executive power, he would equally oppose
the assumption of legislative power.
The motion to refer and print was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of the inhabitants of York
county, Pennsylvania, opposed to the recharter of
the Bank of the United States, and against the res-
toration of the public deposites.
Mr. W1LKINS moved that it be read, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.                *
After the memorial had been read,
Mr. WEBSTER said, indeed he agreed in
opinion with these people of York, that "truth
was mighty and would prevail;" and he thought
this salutary maxim was likely to be verified in
their own case. HÍ3 attention had been requested
to these proceedings by persons of York, who de-
sired him to say that this paper grossly misrepre-
sented them. He was requested to say this by
persons who were present at the meeting, who
were not willing that those puerilities contained in
the paper should be charged upon one of the great-
est counties in Pennsylvania. He had a paper m
his hands, signed by a number of highly respect-
