1834.                   ________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   247
Robbing, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague.Swift,
Tomlinson, Waggaman, and Webster—24.
So the Senate refused to receive the proceedings
of the York county meeting.
Mr* WEBSTER gave notice that he should to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to recharter
the Bank of the United States.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, at a quarter
before six o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 17, 1834.
Mr. William Jackson, elected a Representative
from Massachusetts, appeared, was qualified, and
took his seat.
The SPEAKER announced the Virginia reso-
lutions as the unfinished business of Monday last;
Mr. Pincknet, of South Carolina, being entitled
to the floor.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS asked leave of the House
to submit a motion to call the States for the recep-
tion of petitions and memorials.
Mr. P1NCKNEY would yield the floor, he
said, to the gentleman from Massachusetts, for the
purposj^of enabling him to present the resolutions
of his State, with the understanding that, after he
had presented them, he (Mr. P.) should have an
opportunity to proceed with his remarks.
After some further conversation, Mr.PiNCKNEY
yielded the floor, for the purpose of calling all the
States in order, in compliance with the wishes of
the House.                                 
Mr. JARVIS, of Maine, presented a memorial
from sundry citizens of Eastport, Maine, praying
the restoration of the deposites. Read, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial of similar
import, from citizens of some place in Maine, the
name of which we could not hear.
The memorial, without reading, was ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication signed by John C. Churchill and
others, of Portland, in Maine, submitting to the
House explanations in regard to some statements
made on the floor of the House by a Representa-
tive from Maine, in relation to a memorial some
weeks ago presented to the House, from a portion
of the citizens of Portland. The letter having
been read—
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, said, the communica-
tion which has just been read, quotes a portion of
the remarks which he had the honor to submit to
the House on the occasion of his presenting certain
resolutions emanating from the city of Portland,
relating to the public deposites. I ask the indul-
gence of the House in making a few observations
respecting it.
Leave being granted, Mr. S. proceeded—
Although the communication has been written
in a spirit ofcomplaint.it will be found, upon ex-
amination, not to controvertany of the statements
which he had previously made to the House. The
gentlemen, said he, who have sent it here, know
full well, and the community surrounding them
know full well, that the truth would not bear out
such a contradiction of me.                          «_
What, sir, says this communication? Why
that these eight gentlemen are not, and have not
been, opponents of the National Administration.
Sir, did I so represent them, be the fact how it
may? Not at all. The language which they
quote from me does, not so represent them; and
these gentlemen, therefore, only exhibitthemselves
in the suspicious attitude of pleading not guilty to
a charge which had not been made against them.
And what does the fact argue to an intelligent
mind ? Sir, a conscience void of offence fears no
accuser! A conscience that is guilty of offence,
needs no accuser.
But, sir, these gentlemen have not been pleased
to quote the definite language which I used. I
said, sir, that a majority of the signers of the resolu-
tions had their names no less distinctly associated
with every measure of opposition to the Adminis-
tration which had been at any time concerted in
the city of Portland. And do a majority of them
deny it?   Not at all.   Do even these eight gentle-
men deny it? Not at all. The gentlemen to
whom I thus alluded have been too open, too de-
cided, and, as I have no doubt, too lionest in their
hostility to the Administration, to deny it here or
elsewhere. They are, sir, as I willingly bear testi-
mony, not of that class of politicians in Maine who
are capable of professing a friendship for the Ad-
ministration which they do not feel. Besides, sir,
I have before me documents* which bear their sig-
natures to most decided, unequivocal, and unmeas-
ured denunciations of the Administration. Thus
was I fortified by truth in my representation.
I did not mean to include, and I did not include—
for I said only what I meant, and what I am now
ready to reassert—1 did not include, the writers'
of this communication among the open opponents
of the Administration, nor with the majority of
whom I spoke. But, sir, I might have said of at
least six in the eight gentlemen, that which will
account to the House for the extreme sensitiveness
which they now manifest at a charge which I did
not make against them. I might have said, sir,
that they were, and still are, members of a faction
in Portland, who supported a bought-up press in
that city that was opposed to the election of both
the Administration candidate for Governor in
Maine, and the Administration candidate for Con-
gress in Cumberland district—of a faction, sir, so
weak and impotent as to obtain no more than 407
votes of about 7,500 given in that district; and
this, too, notwithstanding they were marshalled,
*The following extracts from the documents to
which Mr. Smith alluded, issued at Portland, just
preceding the last presidential election, sanctioned
by the names of a majority of those who signed
the above-named " no party" resolutions as com-
mittee-men, and with whom theabove letter-writers
are now in communion on the bank question. The
first document commences in the following no
party strain:
" The subscribers, merchants and ship-holders
' of Portland, who have never before acted together
' but for commercial purposes, nor even attempted,
' as a body, to influence the political opinions of their
' fellow-men, although it will not be denied, per-
' haps, by any ship-holder here, that they have had
' the power to a much greater degree than has ever
' been' believed by their townsmen, who are not
' engaged in commerce, have come to the conclu-
' sion, after much and careful inquiry, that it is
' now their duly to manifest their political opinions,
' without reserve; and to call upon their fellmo-
' sufferers, who are engaged in navigation, or other-
' wise dependent upon trade or the mechanic arts
' for the support of their families, &c. * * *
' Hitherto, it has been comparatively of no conse-
' quence to the merchants of the United States
' who was President of the United States. Now
1 it has become a matter of life and death, as they
'believe."
Then follows a long appeal against the reelec-
tion of President Jackson.
The second document, emanating from the same
source, says: " We address ourselves to noparty,"
&c. " Most of us are no politicians. Many have
' never before meddled with politics, &c. Many
' are about leaving the stage, &c. However we
' may differ in all other things, we unite in a de-
' sire that this may be regarded as no party ques-
1 tion," &c. The document then proceeds to say
of the President, " after four years of trial, under
1 every advantage of popularity and predeter-
mined favor, multitudes of his warmest friends
' have been obliged to abandon him; while others
' declare that he has not only done all that was
1 foretold of him by his ungenerous adversaries,
■ but more and worse; and that had anything like
* the truth been apprehended, he would never
' have reached the place he now occupies." " Be-
' fore his elevation, he professed to love his coun-
' try, and to revere the Constitution; and even his
' adversaries believed him, and attributed his errors
' to a mistaken but honest zeal. Notwithstanding
' which, by a series of direct usurpations, &c,
' he has set himself above his associated co-execu-
' tive, the Senate of the United States—above the
' supreme judiciary— above the supreme legislative
' power—thereby constituting himself the common
'superior of the Senate, the judiciary, and the
' Congress of these United States of America."
and led on, and urged on, by an ex-minister pleni-
potentiary to the Netherlands—by a judge and
clerk of the district court of the United States, who
opened the court-room of the Government, night
after night, to caucus and discipline their little
squadron of political disorganizes in, and by the
city postmaster, and the collector of the port of
Portland, who had in his train some three or four
subordinate officers, appointed but a short time
before for the special purpose—yes,rfor no other
reason under heaven than that of wielding an
additional influence against the Administration
party.
Sir, called upon, as I have been by this letter,
to be thus particular in explaining the political
relationship of the gentlemen who have sent it,
I feel also bound to say, that such as the facts
stated imply, is also the character of their friend-
ship for the Administration. They do indeed
profess friendship for the Administration, but they
have recourse to measures, in conjunction with its
most relentless opponents, calculated to defeat it,
and overwhelm it in disgrace. They do, indeed,
profess friendship for the President, and their arms
are nerved amid proffered assurances of ready
support of him. But, sir, their arms are in fact
nerved only for an opportunity of thrusting home
more successfully to the vitals of his exalted fame,
the daggers which are concealed beneath their
robes.
Sir, it has been the signal fortune of President
Jackson, since presiding over the affairs of this
nation, to have many such sunshine friends in
different sections of the Union—men who aré
capable of betraying, under cover of a friendship
not felt, but lacking moral courage to meet him and
his measures in open combat, under the unfurled
banner of that hostility which rankles at their hearts.
But in despite of them, sir, he has triumphed as
man never before triumphed. In despite of them,
the gratitude and admiration of the American
people—of a free, intelligent, independent people
—have borne him on from one point of honor to
another, and from one position of glory to another,
until language itself fails in capacity to express the
full measure of exaltation, which the hearts of the
great mass of his countrymen most cheerfully
accord to.
But, sir, what more do these eight of the twenty-
four gentlemen say? Why, that they are not
friendly to a recharter of the United States Ba$k.
Sir, I did not so represent them. The language
which they quote from me does not bo represent
them. And again are they seen pleading not
guilty to a charge that was not made against them.
1 said, they are friends to the bank: and do not
their measures make good the declaration? It does
not require a magician to see that the bank has
many friends who are not yet committed in favor
of its recharter. It requires not a prophet to fore-
tell that the bank wiil'rely, as it does now rely,
upon many who are opposed to its recharter on
high constitutional grounds, for support of meas-
ures which are of vital importance to it. And are
not such persons to be regarded as friends of the
bank ?
Sir, there are but two sides to the great question
now agitating the country.
[The SPEAKER said it was not in order to dis-
cuss the merits of the bank question.]
I was intending only to say, sir, (said Mr. S.,)
that those who acted at all at this crisis, and who
act not in support of ¿he Administration, act on the
side of the bank, and in a spirit of friendship for
the bank. What, sir, do the resolutions of these
gentlemen ask ? A restoration—an immediate
restoration of the public deposites. And is not
this in a spirit of friendship for the bank? Is it
not in opposition to the Administration?—to the
great distinguishing feature of the Administration ?
a feature which, if not sustained, will overwhelm
the Administration with defeat? Sir, it is among.
this class of friends to the bank that I represent
these gentlemen. It is among this class that the
community in which they reside will assign them
a place.
In conclusion, sir, permit me to add, that if
there be any issue between these gentlemen and
myself upon this subject, most gladly will I go
with it, ata proper time, to the people surround-
ing them. That people know them even as I.know
them.   I respect, them, sir, as that people respect
