248_______________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          March 18,
,them. I hold, them as they hold them, "enemies
in war, in peace friends."
Mr. Smith concluded with a motion to print the
letter.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS presented certain resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, in relation to the currency and
the removal of the deposites from the Bank of the
United States. Mr. A. proceeded to read and
comment upon the preamble and the several reso-
lutions. In conclusion, he said he was not, on
this occasion, authorized to speak for any of his
colleagues. Each one of them was able to speak for
himself. Speaking for himself, he would say, he
entirely concurred in the views expressed in the
resolutions. He moved that the resolutions be
read, printed, and laid on the table. He, at the
same time, laid upon the table a resolution in con-
nexion with the subject, which he should call up,
when the subject was taken up, in its order. The
resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the resolutions of the Legislature
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in rela-
tion to the currency, &c, be referred to a select
committee, with instructions to report a plan for
continuing to the people the advantages resulting
to them from a national bank.
Mr. POLK rose and requested the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw his motion, for
a moment, to permit hjm to make a few remarks.
The motion was withdrawn, and Mt. POLK
having obtained the leave of the House, made
some remarks in vindication of the President from
the unjust and injurious imputations cast upon him
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. PINCKNEY rose to speak on the subject,
but his remarks were arrested by the Chair.
Mr. PINCKNEY asked leave of the House to
Continue his remarks, and the House refused leave.
Mr. ADAMS renewed his motion to lay on the
table and print; and it was agreed to.
MEMORIAL FROM BOSTON.
Mr. GORHAM presented a memorial from six
or seven thousand inhabitants of the city of Bos-
ton, which (he said) they were induced to send a
second time, asking forrelieffrom Congress, under
the present stateof things, which appeared to him
(Mr. G.) to be growing from bad to worse. He
moved to have th« memorial laid on the table, and
printed, with the names; giving notice, that when
the other petition from the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts on this subject should be taken up and
referred, he would then move that this should have
it similar direction given to it.
Mr. CLAY called for a division of the question,
as he considered it was perfectly useless to print
the names.
The memorial having been laid on the table and
ordered to be printed, the question then being on
the printing of the names—
Mr. GORHAM remarked, that hitherto, from
various motives, it had been the practice of the
House to have the names appended to the memo-
rials presented on this subject printed. It might
be necessary to ascertain names, that it might be
shown that the signers of the memorials consisted
of the greater number of the qualified voters, with
others in Boston. He would ask, what ground of
objection there could be to the printing of this
memorial more than any other?
Mr. CLAY objected to the printing of the names
on the ground of the utter inutility of the practice,
and as producing an expense which ought to be
avoided. It was a practice that had grown up this
session, so far as his observation had gone, and it
was time that it should be discontinued. He could
assure the gentleman from Massachusetts that he
would have made the same objection if the petition
had come from the other side of the question.
Mf. E. EVERETT advocated the printing, as
he said that the expense would be inconsiderable,
and as a counter petition would hereafter be pre-
sented, the names to which he himself would move
to have printed. It would give an opportunity to
scrutinize the character of the signers to each, and
determine the weight that should be attached to
each of the representations made by them.
Mr. PARKER considered that as the gentleman
from Massachusetts, who presented the memorial,
could state the character of the signers, this would'
be sufficient for the House; he had described that II
it was signed by all the qualified voters, and more,
too, in Boston; his word was therefore sufficient.
The practice was novel, and ought not to be en-
couraged, as leading to unnecessary expense, and
could do no good.
Mr. WHITTLESEY rose for the purpose of
correcting some errors into which the two honor-
able members, from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] and
from New Jersey, [Mr. Parker,] had fallen. It
was not a novel practice to print the names to
petitions. On the contrary, it was the early prac-
tice to have the names invariably printed, and it
was a new practice not to do so. Many frauds
had been committed in getting up petitions; he
therefore thought it wa3 necessary that the names
should be printed, that means of detecting them,
on whatever side they were presented, should be
afforded.                                                           .
Mr. BAYLIES said, that he must consider it
would be a very invidious distinction now to refuse
to this petition that which had been done to ail the
others that had been presented on this subject this
session. He was in favor of the printing, and
would consider it a mark of disrespect, which
ought not to be evinced, to withold it.
Mr. BEARDSLEY was opposed to the print-
ing.
Mr. BARRINGER was in favor of it.
Mr. J. a. ADAMS, and Mr. GRENNELL
spoke at some length in favor of the motion to print
the names.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, in order to arrest the
debate, moved to lay the motion to print the names
on the table.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion was
in order, and Mr. MERCER appealed from the
decision, but subsequently withdrew the appeal.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion to lay on the
table, under the supposition that the question on
the motion to print would be taken without further
debate.
Mr. WAYNE spoke briefly in favor of the
motion to print the names.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, renewed his motion
to lay the motion to print on the table, and there-
upon demanded the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative:
Yeas 79, nays 107.
The question recurring on the motion to print
the names,
Mr. REED demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The question being taken,it was determined in
the affirmative:
Yeas 108, n„ys 78.
Mr. LINCOLN presented, with some remarks,
a memorial from six thousand two hundred and
seven citizens of Worcester county, in Massachu-
setts, representing the prevalence ! that county of
great public distress, praying relief by the restora-
tion of the public deposites to the United States
Bank, and condemning the project of a specie cur-
rency. He called for the reading of the memorial,
and moved that it be printed and laid on the table,
to take such direction as should be hereafter given
to the resolutions presented from the Legislature
of Massachusetts.
The memorial was read and ordered to be
printed, &c.
Mr. H. EVERETT presented a memorial from
a number of delegates assembled in Wyndham
county, Vermont, in which,heremarked, although
they prayed for the restoration of the deposites to
the Bank of the United States, yet they had not
connected with ¡t any request for the recharter of
the bank. He considered that thjs petition came
to the House from those who were not subject to
any bank influence, and that in giving their views
as they were hot influenced in favor of the bank
by anything but an opinion of its general utility to
the country, he hoped it would be received with
the consideration to which it was entitled.
The memorial was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FILLMORE presented a memorial, with
certain resolutions, from seven hundred citizens of
Buffalo and its vicinity, called without reference to
party, adopted on the 19th February last.
Mr. P. was proceeding to address the House at
large, when
I The SPEAKER reminded him it was necessary
to confine his remarks to a brief discussion of the
contents of the memorial.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the indulgence of the
House, to give some explanation of the former
hostility which had prevailed in that district against
• the Bank of the United States.
The House having refused—
Mr. FILLMORE said he would only call for the
reading of the memorial and resolutions.
The resolutions were then read, remonstrating
against the removal of the deposites, and praying
Congress to avert from them the ruin which they
alleged was impending over them in consequence
of that, and praying for the recharter of the bank.
Fie moved to have the memorial laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed, with the names.
Mr. MANN, of New.York, wished to remark,
that there was a branch of the Bank of the United
States in the place from whence this memorial pro-
ceeded.
The SPEAKER here interposed, as it was not in
order to debate a motion to lay on the table.
The memorial was laid on the table, &c; and,
on motion of Mr. VINTON,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 18, 1834. *
Two messages were received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Donei.son, his Pri-
vate Secretary, one upon executive business, the
other communicating a letter from the Secretary
of State, relative to the adjustment of claims under
the Neapolitan treaty. The message and docu-
ments, on motion of Mr. WILKINS, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILK1NS gave notice that he should to-
morrow move the Senate to proceed to an election
to fill the vacancy in the Committee on Foreign
Relations, occasioned by the resignation of the
Hon. William C. Rives.
Mr. EWING, on leave asked and obtained,
withdrew the papers relating to the claims of the
heirs of the late Thomas Worthington, deceased.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the protest and me-
morial of a meeting composed of 6,841 citizens of
Boston, held at Fanueil Hall, protesting against
the removal of the public deposites from the Bank
of the United States, and praying their restora-
tion.
After some remarks by.Messrs. WEBSTER.
SILSBEE, and SPRAGUE, the memorial, &c..'
were referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said he desired, in
pursuance of notice previously given, to ask leave
to introduce a bill to continue m force for six years
the act incorporating the subscribers to the Bank
of the United States.   Presuming on the indul-
gence which the Senate always extends in such
cases, he would accompany the motion by a few
preliminary observations, and then propose the
reference of the bill to the Committee on Finance,
and when reported, to be disposed of as the state
of public opinion might seem to require.   The con-
dition of the country was most extraordinary.  In
a state of ordinary prosperity, it was suffering
severe distress.   Commerce, which was hitherto
active, was stopped; the manufacturing industry
of the country was suspended; the labors of agri-
culture were losing sight of their ordinary rewards;
and yet the resources of the country were abundant
and active, and the health of the country was
favorable, not only for retaining its hitherto pros-
perous condition, but for its rapid advancementto
still greater heights of prosf erity.    Our condition
was singular.    It was like a strong man chained,
who felt full of health and unabated strength, but
who had lost all power of performing his custom-
ary action—every limb bound down by manacles,
with inherent vigor rendering him competent todo
any thing if he was but at liberty. We had nothing
to do now but to unmanacle the country—to set the
country free.  It was truly a singular situation. A
sudden spell had smitten the body politic; its mem-
bers were powerless, and the blood had ceased to
circulate through its veins.   Six months ago the
aspect of the country was more gratifying than
