1834.___            _________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   249
had been exhibited for many years before. Com-
merce, manufacture, agr,culture, everything, and
everywhere throughout the whole land, was in the
higheststate of prosperity. A more healthy state
of general business never existed in the country
fiom the fall of le32 to the fall of 1833 It was
possible there had been some ovei trading, but
the general condition of the country was one of
unprecedented prosperity and activity. The com-
merce of the counuy was never suipassed. In
1833 the exports were ninety millions, and the im-
ports were one hundred and nine millions, and the
active coastwise trade, up to October, 1833, never
was surpassed. The Circulating medium, too, was
full, and supposed to be safe, and now the change
was such as to strike the minds of all. He had
inquired into the probable receipts into the treasury
for the current year, and he was much deceived if
the effects of this treasury measure would not so
afiect the receipts of the revenue as to make it a
little startling. The Secretary had estimated the
amount to accrue from the customs at fifteen mil-
lions, and the whole receipts into the treasury
at eighteen millions, which, added to the balance
in the treasury, would make a total of upwards of
twenty-one millions. The estimated expenditures
were twenty-three millions five hunditd thousand
dollars, by which there would be a deficiency of
about two millions; but no doubt this deficiency
would Be made up by uncalled for .appropria-
tions made for the year 1834. The subject, there-
fore, was worthy the consideration of Congress.
The Secretary makes no deduction for the reduc-
tion of the revenue from the late measures, but he
says, that in two yeais it will be necessary to
íeinstate the duty on articles made fiee by recent
laws.
He (Mr. W.) had made a sort of estimate of
the receipts at the custom-house for the last half
of the year 1834, and the result of it was, that the
deficiency would be near fifty per cent. He did
not say that this would produce distiess, but it
might delay the payment of the pubhcdebt. The
manufacturing interests, it was said, were last y ear
menaced by the hill called Mr. Verplanck's bill,
but what was that to this interposition of the hand
of the Secretary of the Treasury into the public
treasuje of the country ' Several cotton mills had
already broken in some of the manufactuung
States, besides several woolen factories. These
changes were going on everywheie. Go wheie
you would, you would not find men enjoying the
same cheerfulness and happiness as formerly. But
then it had been said, how was it possible such
great effects could result from such trifling causes'
And he thought every ordinary observer, every
thinking man, would perceive how it was The
State banks were actually less able to extend relief
to the country, with the deposites, than they were
without them The Government had ten millions
in the United States Bank, and in two months it
called out six millions, and the bank curtailed its
discounts to that amount. Now, the deposites of
a bank were one of its liabilities, and the State
banks felt the enhancement of their liabilities, with-
out a coi responding enhancement of their means
This, then, was an attack on the commercial credit
of the country, which was composed of bank notes,
bills of exchange, &c., and unless we were to
repudiate all the lights of experience, we ought to
maintain the beneficial exercise of this public credit;
and public credit, too, depended on the secuuty of
good government, and of sound laws. Ours was
a new country, and would continue to be a new
country for a century to come. Land would be
plenty in proportion.to personal capital, and it was
a country where a high state of commeicial credit
would be the most useful; and this snowed why it
was that the recent action of the Secietary had
this effect.
But we were told that there was a war waging
of the poor against the rich, against all monsters,
and asamst the men of small capital. And how is
jt> We don't leave the pool man where he was,
paying six per cent, for his loans, but we put him
■where he can be sciewed down to twenty five per
cent , and thus enable the rich man to put his foot
upon lm neck, and keep him down Hp had no
doubt that not less than twenty mil'ions of dollars
had been abstiacted fiom the prcketi of the poor,
in the shape of extra interest, by this moasuie of
the Secietary.    Weoughtto disaLuseoui country
| cf this ribaldry—a country which the world sees
needs credit and banks     But the bank is a honor
!l a sucking dove, according to circumstances We
had heard much from the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Wright,] of thedangerwhich the bank was
to the liberty of the counlry A bank with thirty-
five millions dangerous to the liberly of this people!
But how was it in the State of New York ? Was
it a death-grasp there > New York has-hei safety-
fund system—aleague of fifty-nme affiliated banks,
the whole of which was moved by the touch of a
single finger. They might be under the super
vision of one single intellect, and yet there was
no danger from this system to New York But
the whole twenty-four States of this Union cannot
resist the Bank of the United States with a capital
but little more than that employed in New York.
It was time to put an end to this notion of banks
being the instruments of political power. There
were thiee clsssesof persons who were fuerdly to
the bank; those who believed it to be constitu-
tional, and indispensably necessary—others who
believed it necessary, but that Congiess possessed
no power to establish a bank—and those who
admitted the power, but who weie opposed to the
renewal of *his bank. Then there was a class of
miscellaneous opinions—some in favor of a hard
money system; some in favor of more, and some
of less Government influence; and the question
was, whether theie was any common ground on
which so many could unite as to secuie an ade-
quate remedy by law for the necessities of the
countiy. Can vve agree on anything, and if so,
what is it' Probably a majority of those who
were opposed to the measures of the Secietary
were in favor of a national bank, perhaps of the
piesent one. He preferred a permanent measure,
that is, for fifteen or twenty years, but he hoped
all who agreed with him, that if present relief
could be obtained by means of the greatest con-
cessions to opposite opinions, they would join
him. To those who had constitutional sciuples
he would say, that nevei was a subject of reproach
or fault-finding with bim, but he put it to gentle-
men, whether a moie unconstitutional state gí
things could exist than now exists, if Congress
weietomakefoity barks' There weie also friends
to a new bank, and he would say he was not an
enemy to a new bank; if this bill should pass, he
would next Congiess join for a new bank But
gentlemen must Know mat project could afford no
effectual rehei—the object was to adopt some
measure capable of aifoidmg lehefin the present
emergency The countiy expected Congress to
do something—and he thought, if this could not
be accomplished, we could do nothing to effect
relief
The following is the bill which Mr. Wlbster
proposed to introduce:
A BILL to continue for the term of six years the
act entitled " An act to ineorpoiate the subscri-
ber to the Bank of the United States "
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repie-
sentahies of the United Slates of Jlme-iica tn Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to incoi-
porate the subscribers of the Bank of the United
States," approved on the 10th day of April, in the
| year 1816, shall continue in full foice and effect
\ for theteimof six years, from and after the period
therein limited for its expiration, to wit, the 3d
I day of March, 1836, and that all the rights, niter-
I ests, properties, powers, and pnvileges, seemed
by the same act, with all the rules, conditions,
restrictions, and duties therein prescribed and im-
posed, be and remain, after the said 3d day of
March, 1836, during the said six years, as if the
said limitation wjfthe said act had not been made-
Pi ovided nevertheless, That so much of the said act
as dechres that no other bank shall be established
by any future law of theUmted States, dunng the
continuance of the corporation thereby cieated,
shall not be continued by this act, but mat it shall
be lawful for Congress, whenever it shall see fit,
to establish any other bank to come into existence
and operation at any time on or after the 4th day
of March, 1836.
Jl id be it fui the) e lactetl, That all publ c moneys
accruing to the United Slates, and becomirg pay-
able fiom and aftei the passage of this act, ia
places wheie the said bank, or any of its offices,
is established, shall be deposited in the Dans of
the United States, and its offices, as heretofore;
provided, that at any time after this act shall h&ve
been accepted, Congress may, by law or joint
resolution, cause such moneys to be withdiawn
and íemoved to any other custody or place of de-
posite.
And be itfmther enacted, That, in consideration
of the benefits and privileges conferred by this act,
the said bank shall pay to the United States the
annuity or yearly sum of two hundied thousand
dollars, which said sum shall be paid by the said
bank on the 4th day of March, in each and every
year, during the said term of six years.
Jlnd be it fmiher enacted, That Congress may
provide by law that the said bank shall be re-
strained, at any time afier the 3d day of March,
1836, from making, issuing, or keeping in circu-
lation, any notes or bills of said bank, or any of
its offices, of a less sum or denomination than
twenty dollars.
And be ilfurthei enacted, That at any lime or
times, within the last three years of the existence
of said corporation, as continued by this act, it
shall be lawful for the president and directors to
divide among the several stockholders thereof,
such poitions of the capital stock cf the said cor-
poiation as they may have withdiawn from active
use, and may judge proper so to divide.
Jlnd be itfmther enacted, That so much of any
act or acts of Congress, heretofore passed -and
now in force, supplementary to, or in anywise
connected with, the said original act of mcoipora-
tion, approved on the 10th day of April, in the
year 1816, as is not inconsistent wnh this act, shall
be continued in full force and efferi dunng the said
six vears after the 3d day of March, 1836
Jlnd be it father enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the piesident and directois of the said
bank, on or before the fiist day of the next ses-
sion of Congress, to signify to the President of
the United S'ates their acceptance, on behalf of
the Bank of the United States, of the terms and
conditions in this act contained, and if they shall
fail to do so, on oi before the day abovemen-
tioned, then this act shall cease to he in force
Mr. LEIGH thought he ought to embrace the
piesent occasion to indicate the course which he
should feel himself bound to pursue on this great
and interesting subject. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massacht setts seemed to requne that
he should state the position in which he stood.
He would therefore state frankly the course he
should pursue, and theieasonson which he should
maintain it. The Legislature of Virginia had pol-
emnly declared its opinion that the United States
Government possessed no constitutional authority
to establish a national bank; and the Senate must
be aware that he accepted the trust which a seat
here imposed upon him, knowing that these were
the sentiments of the people of Virginia, and that
he should not so far misrepiesent them, as to vote
for this oi any othei national bank He concui-
íed m those resolutions of the Vnginia Legisla-
tuie fully.
He (Mr L ) thought there was no power in
Congress to establish a United Stites Bank In
the expiession of this opinion, he did not wish to
be unueistood to say that it wat. a palpable asfetimp-
tmn of powei by the Government It would be
presumption in*him to say, a<Yer the expression of
opinion of so many dis m^uished men, and a
mjjomy of the sovereign States of this Union in
favor of its constitutionality, that, it was plainly
wrong He believed he undeistood thea gurrent
undei which its constitutionality was uiged, but
it had not convnced hi^ understanding it was
no' claimed as an express delegation of power, but
only as an incidental power It was claimed as
incidental to the fiscal operations of the Govern-
ment; and he admitted it might be convenient for
that puipose. He knew very well that the events
of this year might show that the putting down
of this bank was only the prelude to raising up
another in New Yoik, to be conuolled by the
President of the United States.
Mr L then spoke somewhat at length upon the
danger of placing a national bank and the revenues
of the country at the power and within the dis-
posal of the'President, and condemned the re-
moval of the deposites, as an act which placed the
derosite banks under the Piesideot'^ contiol.
When Mr L. concluded, Mi. WEIGHT took
