254                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         March 21,
Bands of converts to those opinions. It had united
the whole South against executive usuipation,
created State rights societies in Pennsylvania,
encouraged Alabama to resistance, and aroused
the friends of the Constitution everywhere to a
sense of the impending danger of consolidation.
The President, Mr. P. declared, would never
have ventured to remove the deposites, if the force
bill had been rejected. The passage of that bill by
a large m8jouty,taughthim that he might venture
upon anything. That same body which had put
at his disposition the whole Army and Navy, to
enable him to crush n sovereign State, would, he
thought, justify him in grasping the money powei
of the country They who had made him a
despot, ought not to be surpused at his exertion
of despotic power Mr P then referred to the
remarks made by the member from Tennessee
[Mr. Polk,] in leply to the remarks of his col
league, [Mr. McDufitie,] in respect to dulled
majorities. The member from Tennessee spoke
of the test oaths of South Caiolina as an odious
and tyrannical exercise of majority power. But
the act alluded to was not a tett act. A test act
requned confoimity to ceitam íeligious opinions.
There was no act of this sort in any of the States
except the State of Tennessee, accoidmg to the
Constitution of which State, no petson can hold
an office who does not believe in the existence of
a Deity. He would not say that this wa? not a
proper provision, and no one would regret more
than himself the appointment of any man to office
who disbelieved in the existence of a Deity. But
the test law of South Caiolina was not of that
description All thecitizens of thatState wereon
a footing of perfect equality. All which the law
enjoins is, that the citizens shall take an oath of
allegiance to the State, and to support the Consti-
tution of the United States This was no new
piovision The States of Georgia, Vnginia, and
Massachusetts had similar laws.
Mr. P. here took up the íesolutionsof the com-
mittee, and contended that they did not meet the
question before the House He spoke of the pubhc
distress, the existence of which was-not, he said,
denied by any one, and of the clamors for relief to
which, he said, the committee had turned a deaf
eai. The deposites, he declared, must be i estored,
or a revolution would take place This House and
this nation would never approve of their removal
Yes, sir, I repeat, said he, that either these depos-
ites must be i estored, or a revolution is at hand.
The spirit which threw the tea overboard at Bos-
ton is at work m the noithern and in the southern
States. He dwelt long upon the Pi esident's words
—the measure is my own, I take the lesponsibihty;
and took up the Ptesident'sreasonforthemeasure,
which he commented upon at great length. He
aigued at length in support of the positions that
the removal of the deposites was a violation of the
Constitution; that it was a violation of the charter
of the bank-, and that it was the perversion of the
power of appointment—a power which, he said,
was not given by the Constitution, but which had
been unfortunately acquiesced in.
When Mr P concluded, at about three o'clock,
several gentlemen simultaneously addressed the
Chair
The floor was obtained by Mr. GILMER, on
whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 21, 1834
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill from the House of
Represen tatives authorizing the sale of school lands
in Illinois, without amendment, and gave notice
that when th  bill was called up, he was instructed
by the committee to move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
Mi POINDEXTER, from the same committee,
made a repon upon the petition of Robert Ste-
phens; which, without reading, was laid upon the
table
Mr. CL \ Y presented a memorial signed b,y about
3,000 cleiks in the city of New Yoik, ascribing
the deiangement of the currency and pecuniary
distress to the removal of the deposites, and pray-
ing their restoration to the Bank of the United
States.
Also, a merhoual of merchants and traders from
nine or ten different States, signed in Philadelphia,
of a similar chaiaetei
The memorials were read by Mr CLAY, and,
on his motion, weie refeired to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memorial of the
townsnip of Lawrence, New Jersey, praying the
restoration of the deposites,
Als,o,a memorial from thecounty of Monmouth;
The proceedings of a meeting of inhabitants of
Shiewsbuty,
A memorial of the State Bank of Camden, the
Faimei 's Bank of Mount Holly, and the Cumber-
land Bank;
A memorial signed by 1,695 inhabitants of Glou-
cester county;
All of the same import; which were severally
read, referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr.-SOUTHARD presented the memorial of
Henry Eckford, which was leferred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Allans.
Mr. EWING submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to examine and
report thepiesent condition of the Post Office De-
partment; and that they have power to send for
persons and papers, and to take testimony for that
pui pose; and that the Secretary of the Senate shall,
on applications of the committee, employ a clerk
to attend them.
The VICE PRESI DENTcommumcated a letter
from the Secretaiy of Sjgte, transmitting a legister
of American seamen for the yeai 1833.
Mr. KENT presented a memorial from three
banks in Frederick, and one in Washington
county, Maryland, praying the restoration of the
deposites to theBank of the United States, which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the first
special ordei to be the granting leave to introduce
a bill to rechaiter the bank of the United States;
when
Mr. CALHOUN took the floor, and spoke for
one hour and a half against the principles of the
bill, as being only a temporaiy txpedient, but in
favor of establishing a new bank upon the present
one, and prohibiting the issuing of notes under
$10, and the payment of Government dues in any
notes of banks under the denomination of $5.
When Mr  Calhoun concluded—
Mi. BENTON rose and expressed his satisfac-
tion that the Senator fiom South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] had restored the debate to the eleva-
tion that belonged to the Senate. He did not mean
to descend fiom that elevation, not of sentiment,
thought and style, to which he had no pretension,
but in the mode of conducting the debate, de-
scending to no personal, or "partisan object, but
keeping solely in view the g.eat interests of the
countiy, and the means of accomplishing those
interests. Mr. B said it was now six years
since he had begun to oppose the renewal of the
chaiter of this bank, but he had not, until the
present moment, found a suitable occasion for
showing the people the kind of cunency which
they were entitled to possess, and probably would
possess, on the dissolution of theBank of the Uni-
ted States This was a view of the subject which
many wished to see, and which he felt bound to
give, and which he should proceed to present,
with all the brevity and perspicuity of which he
was master.
1 In the first place, he was one of those who
believed that the Government of the United States
was intended to be a hard money Government,
that it was the intention and the declaration of the
Constitution of the United States that the Federal
currency should consist of gold and silver, and
that there is no power in Congress to issue, or to
authorize any company of individuals to issue, any
species of Federal paper currency whatsoever
Every clause in the Constitution (said Mr  B )
which bears upon the subject of money__every
eaily statute of Congress which interprets the
meaning of these clauses—and every historic rec-
ollection which refer to them, go hand in hand in
giving to that instrument the meaning which this
proposition ascribes to it. The power granted to
Congress to coin money, is an authority to stamp
metallic money, and is not an authority for emit-
ting slips of paper containing promises to pay
money. The authority granted to Congress to
íegulate the value of com, is an authority to reg-
ulate the value of metallic money, not of papa-
The prohibition upon the States against making
anything but gold and silver a legal tender, is a
nioial piohibition, founded in vntue and honesty,
and is just as binding upon the Federal Govern-
ment as upon the State governments, and that
without a written prohibition; for the diffeience in
j the nature of the two Governments is such that th"
l States ma,j do all things which they are not forbid
l to do, and theFedeial Government can do nothing
which is not authorized in the Constitution to do.
The power to punish the crime of counterfeiting
is limited to the current coin of the United States
and to the secuntiesof theUnited States,and can-
not be extended to the offence of forging paper
money but by that unjustifiable power of const! ue-
tion which founds an implication upon an implica-
tion, and hangs one implied power upon another.
The word currency is not in the Constitution; nor
any word which can be made to cover a circula-
tion of bank notes Gold and silver is the only
thing recognised for money. It is the money, and
the only money of the Constitution, and every his-
toric recollection, as well as every phrase in the
Constitution, and every eaily statute on the sub-
ject of money, confirms that idea. People were
sick of paper money about the time the Constitu-
tion was formed. The Congress of the Confeder-
ation, in the time of the Revolution, had issued
a cuirency of paper money. It had íun the full
careerof that currency Thewreckof two hundred
millions of paper dollars lay upon the land." The
framers of the Constitution worked in the midst
of that wreck. They saw the havoc which paper
money had made upon the fortunes of individuals
and the morals of the public. Trfey determined to
have nomoie Federal paper money. They created
a hard money Government; they intended the new
Government to recognise nothing for money but
gold and silver; and every word admitted into the
Constitution upon the subject of money defines
and establishes that sacred intention.
Legislative enactment (continued Mr. B ) came
quickly to the aid of constitutional intention, and
historic recollection The fifth statute passed at
the fiist session of the first Congress that ever sat
under the piesent Constitution, was full and ex-
plicit on this head It defined the kind of money
which the Federal Treasury should receive. The
enactments of the statute are remarkble for their
brevity and comprehension, as well as for their
cleai interpretation of the Constitution, and de-
serve to be repeated and remembered. They are:
That the fees and duties payable to the Federal
Government shall be received m gold and silver
com onlj; the gold coins of France, Spain, Portu-
gal, and England, and ail other gold coins at equal
fineness, at 89 cents for every pennyweight; the
Mexican dollar at 100 cents; the crown of France
at 111 cents; and all other silver coins of equal fine-
ness, at 111 cents per ounce This statute was
passed the 30 h day of July, 1789, just one month
after Congress had commenced the work of legis-
lation. It shows the sense of the Congress, com-
posed of the men, in great part, who had framed
the Constitution, and who, by using the word
only, clearly expressed their intention that gold
and silver alone was to constitute the currency of
the new Government
In support pf this const-uction of the Constitu-
tion, Mr. B referred to the phiase so often used
by our most aged and eminent statesmen, that this
was intended to be a hard money Government.
Yes, (said Mr B ,) the framers of the Constitution
were hard-money men; but the chief expounder
and executor of that Constitution was not a hard-
money man, but a paper-system man'—a man
devoted to the paper-system of England with all the
firmness of conviction, and all the fervor of enthu-
siasm God forbid (said Mr. B.) that I should
do injustice to General Hamilton—that I should
say or insinuate aught to derogate from the just
fame of that great man ' He has many titles to
the gratitude and admiration of his countrymen,
and the heart could not be American which could
dishonor or disparage his memory. But his ideas
