1834. ■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
of government did not receive the sanction of gen-
eral approbation; and of all his political tenets, his
attachment to the paper-system was most strongly
opposed at the time, and has produced the most
lasting and deplorable results upon the country.
In the year 1791, this great man, then Secretary
of the Treasury, brought forward his celebrated
plan for the support of public credit—that plan
which unfolded the entire scheme of the paper
system, and immediately developed the great po-
litical line between the Federalists and the Repub-
licans. The establishment of a national bank was
the leading and predominant feature of that plan;
and the original report of the Secretary, in favor of
establishing the bank, contained this fatal and de-
plorable recommendation:
" The bills and notes of the bank, originally made
'payable, or which shall have become payable, on de-
' mand, in gold and silver coin, shall be receivable in
' all payments to the United States."
This fatal recommendation became a clause in
the charter, of the bank. It was transferred from
the report of the Secretary to the pages of the
statute book; and from that moment the moneyed
character of the Federal Government stood chang-
ed and reversed. Federal bank notes took the
place of hard money; and the whole edifice of the
new Government slided at once from the solid rock
of gold and sSver money, on which its framers
had placed it, into the troubled and tempestuous
ocean of a paper currency.
Mr. B. said it was no answer to this most serious
charge of having changed the moneyed character
of the Federal Government, and of the whole
Union, to say that the notes of the Bank of the
United States are not made a legal tender between
man and man. There was no necessity (he said)
for a statute law to that effect; it was sufficient
that they were made a legal tender to the Federal
Government; the law of necessity, far superior to
that of the statute book, would do the rest. A
law-of tender was not necessary; a forced, inci-
dental tender resulted as an inevitable consequence
from the credit and circulation which the Federal
Government gave them. Whatever was received
at the custom-houses, at the land offices, at the
post offices, at the marshal's and district attorney's
offices, and in all the various dues to the Federal
Government, must be received, and will be re-
ceived, by the people. It becomes the actual and
practical currency of the land. People must take
it, or get nothing; and thus the Federal Govern-
ment, establishing a paper currency for itself,
establishes it also for the States, and for the people,
and everybody must use it from necessity, whether
compelled by law or not.
Mr. B. said it was not to be supposed that the
objection which he now took to the unconstitu-
tionality of the clause which made the notes of the
Federal bank a legal tender to the Federal Govern-
ment, was an objection which could be overlooked
or disregarded by the adversaries of the bank in
1791. It was not overlooked or disregarded: on
the contrary, it was denounced and combated, as
in itself a separate and distinct breach of the
Constitution, going the whole length of emitting
paper money, and the more odious and íeprehen-
sible because a privileged company was to have
the monopoly of the emission. The genius of
Hamilton was put in requisition to answer this
objection; and the best answer which that great
man could give it was a confession of the omnipo-
tence of the objection, and the total impossibilily
of doing it away. His answer surrendered the
•whole question of a currency. It sunk the notes
of the bank, which were then to be tendered to
the Federal Government, to the condition of sup-
plies furnished to the Government, and to be
consumed by it. The answer took refuge under
the natural power, independent of all constitu-
tions, for the tax receiver to receive his taxes m
what articles he pleased. To do justice.to Gen-
eral Hamilton, and to detect and expose the true
character of this bank paper, Mr. B read a clause
from General Hamilton's reply to the Cabinet
opinions of Mr. Jeffersofi and Mr. Attorney Gen-
eral Randolph, when President Washington had
the charter of the first bank under advisement with
his Secretaries. It was the clause in which Gen-
eral Hamilton replied to the objection to the con-
stitutionality of making the notes of the bank
receivable in payment of public dues.
"To designate, or appoint, the money, or thing,
' in which taxes are to be paid, is not only a proper,
' but a necessary exercise of the power of collect-
ing them. Accotdingly, Congress, m the. law
' concerning the collection of the duties, imposts,
' and tonnage, have provided that they shall be
' payable in gold and silver. But, while it was an
' indispensable part of the work to say inwlutt they
' should be paid, the choice of the specific thing was
' a mere matter of discretion. The payment might
' have been required in the commodities themselves.
' Taxes in hind, however ill-judged, are not with-
' out precedents, even in the United States; or it
'might have been in the paper money of the several
' States, or in the bills of the Bank of North Amer-
'ica, New York, and Massachusetts, all, or either
' of them; it might have been in bills issued under
' the authority of the United States. No part of
' this, it is presumed, can be disputed. The ap-
'pointment of the MONEY or THLYGinwhich the
' taxes are to be paid, is an incident of the POWER
' of collection. And among the expedients which
' may be adopted, is that of bills issued under the
' authority of the United States."
Mr. B. would read no further, although the
argument of General Hamilton extended through
several pages. The nature of the argument is fully
disclosed in whatisread. Itsurrendersthe whole
question of a currency. Neither the power to fur-
nish a currency, nor to regulate cmrency, is pre-
tended to be claimed. The notes of the new bank
are putupon the footing, not of money, but of com-
modities—things—articles in kind—which the tax
receiver may acceptfrom thetax payer, and which
are to be used and consumed by the tax receiver,
and not to be returned toihe people, much less to
be diffused over the country in place of money.
This is the original idea and conception of these
notes. It is the idea under which they obtained
the legal capacity of receivabihty in payment of
public dues; and from this humble conception, this
degraded assimilation to corn and grain, to clothes
and provisions, they have, by virtue of that clause
in the charter, crept up to the character of money
—become the real, practical currency of the land—
driven the currency of the Constitution from the
land—and so depraved the public intellect as now
to be called for as money, and proclaimed to be
indispensable to the country, when the author of
the bank could not rank them higher than an
expedient for paying a tax.
II. In the next place, Mr. B. believed that the
quantity of specie derivable from foreign com-
merce, added to the quantity of gold derivable
from our own mines, were fully sufficient, if not
expelled from the country by unwise laws, to fur-
nish the people with an abundant circulation of
gold and silver coin, for their common currency,
without having recourse to a circulation of small
bank notes.
The truth of these propositions, Mr. B. held to
be susceptible of complete and ready proof. He
spoke first of the domestic supply of native gold,
and said that no mines had ever developed more
rapidly than these had done, or promised more
abundantly than they now do. In the year 1824
they were a spot, in the State of North Carolina;
they are now a region spreading into six States.
In the year 1824, the product was $5,000; (n the
last year the product, in coined gold, was $808,000;
in uncoined, as much moie;and the product of the
present year computed at §2,000,000; with every
prospect of continued and permanent increase.
The probability was, that these mines alone, in
the lapse of a few years, would furnish an abund-
ant supply of gold to establish a plentiful circula-
tion of that metal, if notexpelled from the country
by unwise laws. But the great source of supply,
both for gold and silver, (Mr. B. said,) was in our
foreign commerce. It was this foreign commerce j
which filled the States with hard money imme- ]
diately after the close of the revolutionary war, :
when the domestic mines were unknown; and it
is this same foreign commerce which, even now,
when Federal laws discourage the importation of
foreign coins, and compel their exportation, is
bringing in an annual supply of seven or eight
millions of do'lars. With" an amendment of the
laws which now discourage the importation of
foreign coins, and compel the*ir exportation, there
could be no delay in the rapid accumulation of a
sufficient stock of the precious metals to supply
the largest circulation which the common business
of the country could require.
Mr. B. believed that the product of foreign
mines, and the quantity of gold and silver now in
existence, to be much greater than was commonly
supposed; and as a statement of its amount would
establish his proposition in favor of an adequate
supply of these metals, for the common currency
of the country, he would state that amount, as he
found it calculated in approved works of political
economy. He looked to the three great sources
of supply: 1. Mexico and South America; 2. Eu-
rope and Northern Asia; 3. The cost of Africa.
Taking the discovery of the New World as the
starting point from which the calculation would
commence, and the'product was:
1.  Mexico and South America... .§6,458,000,000
2.  Europe and Northern Asia____     628,000,000
3.  The coast of Africa...........     150,000,000
makinga total productof seven thousand two hun-
dred and thirty-six millions in the short space of
three centuries and a half. To this is to be added
the quantity existing at the time the New World
was discovered; and which was computed at
$2,300,000,000. Upon all these data the political
economists, (Mr. B. said,) after deducting $2,000,-
000,000for wasteand consumption, stilfcomputed
the actual stock of gold and silver in Europe, Asia,
and America, in 1832, at about seven thousand
millions of dollars, and that quantity constantly
and rapidly increasing.
Mr. B. had no doubt but that the quantity of
gold and silver in Europe, Asia, and America, was
sufficient to carry on the whole business of the
world. He said that States and Empires far greater
in wealth and population than any now existing—
farsuperiorin pubheand private magnificence—had
carried on all the business ofyprivate life and all
the affairs of national government upon gold and
silver alone, and that before the mines of Mexico
and Peru were known or dreamed of. He alluded
to the great nations of antiquity, to the Assyrian
and Persian empires, to Egypt, Carthage, Rome,
to the Grecian republics, the kingdoms of Asia
Minor, and to the empire transcending all these
put together, the Saracenic Empire of the Caliphs,
which, taking for its centre the eastern limit of the
Roman world, extended its dominion as far west
as Rome had conquered, and farther east than
Alexander had marched. These great nations,
whose armies ciushed empires at a blow, whose
monumental edifices still attest their grandeur, had
no idea of bank credits and paper money. They
used gold and silver alone. Such degenerate
phrases as sound currenpy, paper medium, circu-
lating media, never once sounded in their heroic
ears.
But why go back (exclaimed Mr. B.) to the na-
tions of antiquity? Why quit our own day ? Why
look beyond the boundaries of Europe ? We have
seen an empire m our own day, of almost fabulous
grandeur and magnificence, carrying on all its vast
undertakings upon a currency of gold and silver,
withoutdeigmngto recognise paper for money. Í
speak (said Mr. B.) of France—great and imperial
France—and have my eye upon that first year of
the Consulate, when a young and victorious gen-
eral, just tiansferred from the camp to a council,
announced to his astonished ministers that specie
payments should commence in France by a given
day!—in that France which for so many yeais had
seen nothing but a miserable currency of depre-
ciated -inundáis and assignats .' The annunciation
was heard with the inward contemptand open dis-
trust which the whole tribe of hack politicians
everywhere feel for the statesmanship of military
men. It was followed by the success which it be-
longs to genius to mspireand to command. Specie
payments commenced in France on theday named,
and a hard money currency has been the sole cur-
rency of France from that day to this.
Mr. B.here cited a passage from a letter of Mr.
Gallatin to Mr.  Ingham, then Secretary of the
Treasury, (December, 1829,) to confirm what he
said of the French currency..
The passage.
" For the last twenty-five years the coinage of
' France has been far greater than that of any
' other country. I hardly need to observe that
' this is due to the almost total expulsion of paper
' as currency.    The bank of France alone issues
