I8S4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
select that time for their application'   Was it rot
evidently  under the expectation  that, as their
lenewal would  be acceded to by Congress, they
cou'd deter the Piesident from the exercise of his
constitutional   veto,  01   make  him   immediately
responsible for that act to the people '   This was
evident, wnen such an application was not neces-
saiy at that timefoithen operations.   Itwasdone
to control the Government     Instead of curtailing
imn ci'iately after the veto, they commenced ex-
tending  their  issues  from  foity five to seventy
mi'l.ons.   What was this inciea&e for'  Evidently1
undei the belief thct they could influence public |
opinion in their favor     But the bank was mis- ,
taken in tins, for public opinion was not to be so j
iniiuenced      Eiowever favors might be conferred
on the individual, the bt.nk, as the event pioved, ¡
had been mislaken in the supposition that public
opinior was to be boujht up     Their curtailments I
then commenced, from which so much di&ticss'
was nrodured     !f, then, Congress were sat'f-fttd |
that the bark had, ,n any wav, contributed to pro- !
duce it for the papóse of effecting a renewal of1
their  chauei,   what ousht  to   be their course'
Ought they to íestore'he deposites, and thusgiart
them addiuona' power tobe used for that purpose' 1
Surely not.    Those only who considered that the .
interests  of the country would be advanced by |
renewing the chartei, miidit adopt such a course !
without blame; but others, who did notagreewith |
them, were bound by every sense of duty to keep i
fiom it all fuithei power to do evil                            |
Mi   G. referied to the clauses in the Constitu-
tion giving the money power to Congress, from i
which he contended that, as they had no specific '
power jiven to incorporate a bank, they were not
author.zed to do so by any doctrme of construction i
01 expediency, and that this was a right apper-
taining to the several States, which they had not j
yielded, and therefoie should not be exercis'ed bv .
the General Government.    lie knew it was said
that it was impossible for the Government to get
along without the aid of a national bank     But for
one he must say that those who beheveci that the
Sta'e banks could not discharge the vanoi s duties
required for the fiscal offices, 01  supply the com- I
munity  with  a  safe  cnculating  medium,   must
be disposed to doubt the stability of the Govern-
ment under which they lived.  The argument was,
that the State banks were incapable of doing this,
that then notes must be considered equivalent to
specie     This he thought it was perfectly in their
powerto do, by the same means which had la'ted
nto creditthe noies circulated by the United States
Bank     The gieat aigument upon which the chai- ¡
•er for the United States Bank was advocated was,
that it would restore the currercy, that it would
have the effect of making the State banks pay then-
notes in  specie; whilst now what did they see
m piactice by the bank '    Why, that when they
received the notes of the State banks, instead of'
demanding specie from ihem, they reissued it, so
as to make the cunency of the countiy one of
paper alone; and this being the practice of the old
United States Bank, had upon the State banks
precisely the same effect, which was to render
them less solvent than they otherwise would have
been.    It was said, however, that "it was idle,
perfectly ideal and visionary to  expect that the i
notes of the State banks could maintain as safe |
and  general circulation  as those of the present j
Bink of the United States "   He would assert,
however, that this was possible, and that ihe effect 1
of encouraging the State banks would be to make
them a safer currency than that of the United j
Sutes Bank was at present; for they would moie i
tilt dually compete with one another, and  thus
eech circulating in us own Sta'e or neighboihood, j
tncy would be the more likely to be called on to j
piy in spec le, and must theiefore be always pre-
paid! with specie for this purpose                            I
It was ,i--ked how the exchange could be car-
ried on without a bank, between on  part of the
country trd uiothtr How weie exchanges now
oirried on between New \ork and Liveipool' It
wastl iou<"li an mteichange of products Notwo
comunes < lined on a tiade in which one was con-
p'nntlv driwitu fiom the other If this Govern-
ment would do its duly as well as the ^ute gov-
fiimciH do theue, all would he light This
(irueimn-nt insthe power to com money, and to
regiK'e the \j.ue  ihereot.    Gold wa   produced
and coined in abundance in this country.    But I
this Government, instead of retaining it in the I
country, suffers it to be transported out of the ,
country, by neglecting to fix and regulate its value
in aproper mannei     But Mr G looked to conse-I
quences of vastly more importance.   The question I
was at the foundation of individual interests, and
of free government.    He believed that he who
contributed to the recharter of the Bank of the
United Slates struck a deadly blow at the liberties
of the country.    1 he original question between
the Fedeial and anu-Fedeial pai tics comes up. Is
it proper to strengthen this Government by con-
necting with it a bank of thirty-five millions capi-
tal '   The Bank of the United Slat's had it in us
power to come into the market in every part of the
country, ord controlling the issues of the State
banks, to fix the price of the whole ptoduct of the
country.    By estaohshmg this bank, we give to
twenty five ríen the power to ccntiol the whole
pioperty of the  Union, ard they must use their
power (or the benefit of the stockholdeis.   But we
not only make the value of all property deperdent
on the use of the authority which v e grant the
Bank of the United States, but we take from the
State authorities the pow ei   to resist the usuipa-
tions of the Government     There were but two
means by which the States could resist oppression:
thefiist by revolution, andthesecond by the power
of the States to exercise auihon y within  their
respective Imnte. How are the Slate" to use eithei
of these means in opposition to the Federal Go\- '
enment'   How can t.iey organize any lesistance' I
All the moneyed powei is through the Na'ional
Bank, dependent on Government, and it was the
interest of th° bank to strengthen the hands of the
Government.    A rational bank, theiefore, took I
fiom the people both the honor and the írduee- '
mentto resist oppression     Hecalled on his State- I
Rights friends to look well at thi" subject     It was I
idle to say that we were under an obligation, by i
restoring the deposites, to put it in the power of
the bank to force a recharter.    The position was
erroneous.    They had not the power to give or
sell to the bank the exclusive control of the public
money     He called on tl em as advocates of the
constitutional rights of the States, now to speak
out, or to hold their peace forever     This talk of
Andrew Jackson as on usuiper had drawn off the
attention of the people from the true question he-
fore them.    The real question for the people to
decide was, wi'l jou main'am the right of the
bank to the people's money; will you agree that
you have sold to the bank the control over the
public money '   It is said this is not a question of
lecharter.    But that was the only question worth
contending for, and upon the decision  of the
question of restoration depended the decision of
the question whether ttiebank shall be «chartered
or not
When Mr G  concluded,
Mr. CLAY,of Alabama, obtained the floor, and
on his motion,'the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Satdrdiy, Marc\%2, 1834.
Seveial messages upon executive business were
leceived from the President of the United States,
by Mr. Donels>on, his Pnvate Secretary. Also,
a message transmi tinga repon from the Secretary
of Siate, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 7th instant.
Mr LINN, from the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims, reported a bill for therehef of John
B. Folesong and William Russell.
Mi TIPTON presented a memorial of the Le-
gislative Council of Michigan, praying a modifica-
tion of the law s of that Ten ltory. Retened to the
select committee on the subject of the admission
ot Michigan and Aikansas into the Union.
Mr TIPTON, fiom the Committee on Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of William Pursell,
and on his motion therepoitaccompanymgit was
ordered to be punted.
Mi. WEBSTER presented the proceedings of a
pub'ic meeting of the citizens of Franklin county,
held at Chambei sburg,Pennsyh ama,disapprovmg
of the couise of the Secretary of the Treasuiy in
removing the deposites, and also a memorial from
the same place, signed by upwaids of l.bOOnhab-
l'aiits, playing the lsstoiation of the deposites to
the Bank of the United States. The proceedings
and memorial were read, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr EWING, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill settling
the northern boundary line of the State of Ohio;
which was read and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. ROBBtNS presented memorials from the
town of Newport, Cumbeiland, and Smithueld,
Rhode Island, praying the restoration of the de-
posites to the Bank of the United States; which
were read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to beprmted.
Petitions of a private nature were presented by
Messrs. TYLER,ROBINSON, and P01NDEX-
TER, which were appropriately referred.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution:
Rejoined, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to mquue into the
expediency of establishing a post road from the
town of Jackson, Cape Girardeau county, Mis-
souri, to Bailey's store, in Stoddard county.
The first special order of the day being an-
nounced,
Mr. POINDEXTER. moved to postpone ituntil
Monday, in order to proceed with private business.
This being objected to by Mr. WEBSTER, Mr.
P   withdrew his motion.
On motion of Mr. PRENTISS, the message of
the President, and the accompanying documents,
were ordeied to be printed.
Mi. SMITH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas L.
Wmthrop and others, directors of the New Eng-
land Mississippi Land Company. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr FORSYTH presented a memorial of up-
wards of three hundred voters of the town of Pe-
tersburg, Vnginia, complaining of a memorial
lately presented to the Senate from that place, and
expressing their approbation of the act of the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury in removing the deposites,
and averse to the recharter of the Bank of the
United States The memorial was read, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
punted.
Mr. LEIGH presented the memorial of citizens
of Princess Ann county, Virginia, of an opposite
character to the foregoing, which was read and
referred as above.
The first special order, being the consideration
of leave to introduce a bill extending the charterof
the Bank of the United States, was then taken up.
Mr. BENTON continued and concluded his
speech [It is too lengthy for the columns of the
Congressional Globe ]
Mr WHITE obtained the floor, and intimated
his disposition to proceed then or postpone his
remarks until Monday, as might be the pleasure
of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON suggested an adjournment.
Mr. WEBSTER was desirous of extending
every facility to gentlemen who wished to address
the Senate on th>s subiect, but as this was but a
preliminary question, he trusted much time would
not be consumed upon it, and hoped that gentle-
men would not regard it as wanting in eourtesy,
if, after this, he should press the matter to a con-
clusion.
Mr CLAY said he, too, had a special order
long locked up in the debates of the Senate, and
expressed his wish that another week would bring
it to a close
Mr FORSYTH said gentlemen might have had
decisions long ago, if they had forborne making
long speeches upon the presentation of memorials.
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to executive business; and, after spending
some time therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 22, 3834.
Mr. B1NNEY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Commaicial Bank of New Orleans, made an
unfavorable report thereon, and it was laid on the
table                                                        .                .,
Mr. KING reported a bill for the relief of David
Banlett, which was read twice,andcommitted.
