;2TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
of his duty. But he was toleave him there, to act
upon his own responsibility. He had never heard
such an interpretation of the President's power till
in these more modern times. Asimilar provision,
that the Governor shall "see that the laws are
faithfully executed," was to be found in the con-
stitutions of several of the States; but it never was
pretended that the Governors possessed power un-
, der it to the extent contended for here. The last
foundation relied on by the advocates of this power
was the responsibility of the President. What;
was responsibility? What was the responsibility i
of a President whose ambition was not satisfied ?
Where was the responsibility of a President who
assumed all power—who wished to ascend the
throne? Suppose that case. In 1789 the argument
was used, that a removal from office by the Presi-
dent, on account of political opinions, rendered
him liable to impeachment. Impeachment? Such
a thing as impeachment, Mr. C. considered as
almost impracticable. " I take the responsibility,"
was, in his view, an unmeaning sound. Was there
really any responsibility ? No. Was the Presi-
dent responsible for the conduct of the receiver of
public moneys in New Orleans ? Or even of the
collector, almost under his eye, at Alexandria'
No, he was not responsible. Suppose Mr. Duane
had, or had not, removed the deposites, could the
President have been impeached font? Not atall,
He was only responsible for his own act. In truth,
it removed, it destroyed responsibility. A Secre-
tary of the Treasury was called on to remove the
deposites against hisjudgment—did it not annihilate
his responsibility ? Could he be put in a position
to be liable to removal, if he diet not obey the
command, and liable to impeachment if he did obey
it? It was impossible. What became of the oath
of the officer, if this doctrine were true ? He was
sworn to perform the duties of his office according
to his best judgment; and yet this doctrine spread
the power of the President overthe whole country
and gave him a control over every officer in it.
Mr. C. then proceeded at length to answer the
argument that the President was bound only to
execute the laws according to his understanding
of them, and contended that if this were true the
Executive was thesupremedepartmentof theCov-
ernment, and no others could /nove without him.
He also contended that the President was bound to
execute the laws in force; and if he assented to a
law by approving it, he was bound by it. If he
refused to sanction it, and exercised the veto, and
it was afterwards passed by two-thirds, he could
not refuse, but was equally bound to execute it.
Mr. C. here gave way to a motion to adjourn,
which prevailed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 27, 1834.
The House proceeded with the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Mardis:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of
the Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United Stales in the State banks; and, also, as
to the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. CHILTON ALLAN, who had the floor
from the previous day, rose and said, that the oc-
currences which had taken place, made it difficult
to state precisely whether the power of legislation
still rested in the Congress, as given by the Con-
stitution, or not. Every day the scenes were
shifting. But yesterday, the people were told that
Congress were possessed of virtue and intelli-
gence, whilst to-day they were in terms denounced
• as being so corrupt, that it was impossible for them
to legislate as they ought to do for the welfare of
the people. He called on the House to say,
whether this was not the state in which the coun-
try was placed. But yesterday, the whole coun-
try, the workshops, and all the pursuits of busi-
ness, teemed with the hum of industry. To-day,
that hum was silent. Yesterday commerce and
agricultural labor were sure of their reward. To-
day it was withering, its hopes were blasted, and
in this new and extraordinary condition of affairs,
Congress was brought into a debateupon reasons—
forty pages of what the Secretary of the Treasury
calls leasons—-which were sent to the Committee
of Ways and Means, who reported one hundred
and forty pages more  to prove he reasoned well;
and thus, upon all these pages presented to them,
thAdebate had been opened, no issue defined, but
every subject had been introduced at the pleasure
of each speaker upon them.    The first question
presented was  naturally one  upon which   they
could have met the sufficiency or insufficiency of
the reasons.    But as these reasons, when exposed
to the light of truth and reason, all evaporated,
what did the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means inform them?   That there was a new
j question presented: He said it was  bank, or no
bank.   This the South declaring against, was then
! surrendered; and then they were told by the mera-
¡ ber from Tennessee it became a question of na-
tional honor. But the member from Alabama, not
satisfied with this, said it was a question of liberty;
j anon, it was distress caused by the tyrant in his
i marble palace.   But when it was rendered appa-
j rent that the bank, so far from curtailing, had not
I done so, nor to the extent which they were justi-
¡ fied in doing, for the amount of deposites with-
| drawn from them, then whatdid they hear? Why,
| it was, "Mischief, do thy worst!" " Break; you
ought to break!"   Here, then, was a true picture
of the question, and the remedy for the state the
country was in.
He did not propose discussing minutely the
reasons of the Secretary of the Treasury for his
conduct, because the competent power—the last
Congress—had already decided upon the facts he
adduced. The very charges now brought against
the bank had been previously brought against it,
with some unimportant additions; and the result
of the inquiry into them by Congress, was the
solemn decision of Congress that the charges were
untrue, and, therefore, that the bank ought to
be rechartered. In Kentucky—he did not know
what was the practice in other places—one fair trial
was sufficient; that, he contended, the bank had,
and with a verdict of acquittal in its favor. The
question of removing the deposites had also been
discussed, which, with the consideraron that the
friends of the Administration had abandoned the
reasons, or any reason, to sustain the removal,
made it unnecessary for him to take them up.
He had, however, yet to learn that any person
was to be found who had advised, or would ad-
vise, the removal. The question had been vir-
tually waived.
The report Was sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means, that they might present their views
on the reasons justifying the act.   But they did
not make such a report a part of their proceedings..
He supposed they did not choose to risk doing
that.   Why?   To avoid having any vote of Con-
gressupon thatvery question. In this controversy
he felt there was some credit due to the President
for not having considered this a party question,
and he could have wished, as his measures were
opposed by Mr. Livingston, Mr. McLane, Mr.
Cass, and others, whom he was not displeased
wjth for so doirg,that he had extended the same
forbearance to Mr. Duane, for his opposition. The
opinions of these Jackson men showed this was
1 not a party question, but one that ought to be
I decided upon its merits, and he was rejoiced at
j this, representing, as it was his good fortune to
j do, a district where, although it was the rule of
I conduct  they adopted, that  their representative
was bound to follow the wishes of the majority,
; which was against the measures of the Executive,
yet he wished to do so always with some defer-
; ence to the views of the minority of his constitu-
ents.
i     Adverting to the state of the information which
! the people had as to the cause of the present dis-
, tress, he could not help thinking that there was
• much mystification about it; and whilst various
¡ causes were assigned for it, it was matter of aston-
' ishmenttohim, that to meet them all, one wonder-
j working argument was deemed equally applicable
, to all subjects, to all objections; this was to be
j deemed triumphant through all the stages of the
| question; and that answer was found—in the bat-
I tie of New Orleans.
| Having made these preliminary observations
' upon the manner in which the argument wascon-
1 ducted, and upon the causes which produced the
unhappy condition of ihe country, he would take
now a nearer view. The subject of the contro-
versy involved four propositions, all important in
their nature. The first wos, shall ihe regulation
of the currency be vepted in the Geiieial or State
Governments? Second, shall the fiscal affairs of
the nation be administered through the agency of
the National or through the State banks? The
third, shall the deposites of the public money be
used for the benefit of a chosen body, in prefer-
ence to that of the whole nation ? And fourth, is
the control of the currency to belongto the Ex-
ecutive or to the Legislature ?
The President having proposed to use the State
banks, a question was involved, whether the power
of the House over the public money was to be
surrendered? Itthen became necessary, before the
power was surrendered, to inquire into their con-
dition, that it might be ascertained whether they
were capable of performing all that was required
of them; and to supply the country with a sound
currency. He proceeded to do so, and referring
to their number being four hundred and fifty
throughout the United States, having a paper cir-
culation of one hundred millions of dollars, based
on a supply of only twelve millions of specie in
their vaults, he inferred that they would not have
it in their power to maintain, as the Bank of the
United States had done, a sound and general cir-
culation throughout the Union; and he desired to
have the name of any one statesman who could be
said to have advocated the State banks in prefer-
ence to the United States Bank for such purposes?
Such was not to be given. On the contrary, Mr.
Jefferson, he proved, by referring to the fourth
volume of his correspondence v/ith Mr. Eppes,
denounced such institutions and their paper as
trash; and Mr. Madison acknowledged that at the
formation of the Constitution the mischief of a
State bank currency was not foreseen. But they
were to have a metallic currency, while he would
be bound to say, that the very party engaged in
crying it up were actively getting up State banks
in many places. He instanced Indiana and other
States, and then he argued to prove that after an
experience of forty years, such banks were proved
to be inadequate to do that agency which had been
beneficially done by the Bank of the United States.
He reverted to and denied the statement that the
question of chartering the United States Bank was
made a question to the people at the last election;
when he was obliged to conclude his remarks, the
hour allotted for morning business having expired.
The SPEAKER presented a report from the
directors of the Mint, in relation to the assay of
gold and silver. Laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
THE DEPOSITES AND UNITED STATES BANK.
At one o'clock, the House resumed the consid-
eration of the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, together with the
amendment offered by Mr. Wilde, declaring that
the reasons of the Secretary of the Treasury for
removing the public deposites are unsatisfactory
and insufficient.
Mr. ELLSWORTH said, that" the nature of the
power exercised by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the reasons which he has given for its exer-
cise, had already been fully discussed here. The
letter of the Secretary was finally referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and from that en-
lightened committee we had received a report going
over the same grounds. He was surprised that the
committee had not seen fit to imbody in the reso-
lutions concluding theirreport,a resolution expres-
sive of the sense of the House as to the conduct of
the Secretary. All the resolutions reported were
prospective in their character. The question which
was urged upon the consideration of the House
and the country, had led to the impeachment of
the conduct of men high in power. " But, instead
of giving an opinion upon that subject,'the com-
mittee propose, first, that the Bank of the United
States ought not to be rechartered. This was an
abstract proposition, upon which he did not feel
called upon to decide. It was possible, that, in the
course of two years, more light might be thrown
upon that subject, which might influence our ulti-
mate decision. The committee also propose the
appointment of a special committee, to investigate
the causes of the public distress, and the conduct
