1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
of the bank.   To this he had no objection.    He ||
was willing that theconduct of the bank should be I
thoroughly probed.   Not to dwell on this subject, ¡j
he would only mention a few considerations winch j
should iridute the Mouse to vote for the prof.osi- ¡'
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Wii.de.] ;
Our relations to the-Bank of the United States, a j1
pioper respect to the ExecuMve, to the excitement ;
prevalent in  the country, and to ourselves, ail ¡:
required us to place on our tecords our opinion
whether the President of the United States has or   :
has not exercised a power over the bank and the   !
currency which this House is culled upon tosustam.
We are constituted by the bank charier as the court j
of ultimate appeal and decision in this case.   Will ;
not the majority of the House say whether the ji
Secretary of the Treasury had good reasons or not i
for removing the deposites?    He would not sup- i,
pose that the House was afraid to meet the issue.   I i
The Executive, Mr. E. contended, had drawn i
to himself a portion of the legislative power of the i
Government.   This was the main view which he ¡
should present; and, in sustaining that view, he j
did not think it necessary to call in question the !
motives of the President.    The removal of eight |
or nine millions of dollars was a matter, in itself, ji
of small consideration.    But  the Piesident had , ¡
destroyed the legal fiscal agent of the Government, I
and created twenty other fiscal agents.    He had ¡I
entered upon an experiment to put down the Bank
of the United States, and substitute for it the Slate
banks—to fill up the vacuum created by the with-
drawal of the United States Bank paper with the
currency of the State banks.    The manner in j
which ihis was done was bold and daring; and [
there was, he believed, some charm  in  a  bold
and daring deed, which silenced the dictates of the 1
judgment, and even of conscience.  The unnatural |
war waged upon   the bank appeared to him   to 4
spring from love of conquest, victory, and spoil. ]
Mr. E. went on to argue that the experiment was \
uncalled-for, hazardous to the pubic interests, and ;
illegal.    He referred to the act of May, 1820, pro- '
liibtting the Secretaries from making any contract
but by law.    This act, he thought, rendered the j
contracts made by the Secretary oi the Treasury j
with the State banks illegal.  The gentleman from ,
Indiana [Mr. Lame] not long ago exclaimed, m ;
the language of exultation, that the Tieasury was |
found.    Would any gentleman tell him where the
Treasury was* Where, he repeated, is the Treas-
ury ?    Does not the President hold in his hands
all the money of the Government?   Does he not
claim authority to move the whole public treasure
from one bank to another?    What guards, what
laws, secure the Treasury ? The Treasury was not II
kept in any known place, under the safeguard of ¡j
any known laws.   Mr. E. declared that he would   |
not give much for all the deposites in the State |¡
banks, should this House adjourn, leaving things f
as   they are.     He  referred   to some documents .]
which, he said, would  show that some of the
deposite banks had more public money than the j,
whole   amount of their  capital.    The  Bank of |,
Natcfiez had at one time a million of dollars. ¡|
Would any one say that that money was safe?  ¡
The Secretary of the Treasury trembled when he ¡j
sat down to pen the order to the bank at Natchez ¡|
to be prepared to pay the money on a certain day. ;;
My word  for it, (said he,) it will be a long day
before that money is paid.    So with the Girard ;i
bank, which had lent out a million and a half of I;
public money.    In reply to the congratulations of ¡;
the gentleman from  Indiana, upon the recoveiy ;:
of the Treasury, he would say boldly, that there ']
was no Treasury at our disposal.   Mr. E. also i|
referred to the special message of the Governor of :!
New York to the Legislature of that State, recom- !
mending measures for the relief of the banks and  j
the business community of that State.    He could !l
not doubt that the Governor believed all the banks ¡I
in lhat State to be in jeopardy.                                  Ij
The idea of introducing a metallic currency was, ¡:
he insisted, wholly absurd. Wecould not collect ;[
the revenue, nor carry on any commercial oper- i¡
ationsif the experiment should be attempted. But J
the States were going to extend the paper system. ¡;
They show no disposition to return to a hard- I
money currency. They are increasing their paper ]j
currency- to meet the withdrawal of the United !'•
States paper, and we have no control over their j!
operations. He called upon gentlemen to tell him n
what great interest of the country had suffered
from the currency of the United States Bank. Had
commerce, asricultuie, or manufacture suffered
from i' ? Oñ the contrary, those interests had been
fostered by the bank. This was a young and en-
terprising country, and rt quired credit as a substi-
tute for capital. In England it was estimated that
one dollar in specie afforded to the community a
currency of three dollars. The same facilities
were still more requisite for us.
Mr. E. went into a view of theextent and causes
of the distress, and asked whether there was any
hope of relief. He would declare that he saw none
He spokefrom personal observation. During the
consideration of this question, he had visited his
con.-tituents, and he knew that the distiess was
great and pervading. The storm was but now
beginning which was to pour destruction upon the
business interests of this country. His constitu-
ents had extensive connexions with the South and
West, but their trade was almost entirely cut off.
Nothing was made to send abroad, because the
difference of exchange was sufficiently great to
swullow up all the piofits en business. Many
larse manufacturing establishments had dismissed
half of their hands, and some had stopped entirely.
No relief was expected from any source, except
the abandonment of the experiment attempted by
the Government.
A iter speaking two hours, Mr. Ellsworth con-
cluded, and
. The floor was obtained by Mr. CHOATE, who
moved an adjournment.
Mr. MrKIM demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered
The question being taken by yeas and nays, it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays üí).
The Senate then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
' from the Bank of the United States are insuifi-
' cient and unsatisfactory," it was decided in the
affirmative, as follows, to wit:
YEAS—Messrs. Bibb, Block, Calhoun, Clay,
Clay ton,Ewing,Frelinghuvsen, Hendricks, Kent,
King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Mangum, Nau-
dam, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss,Preston, Rob-
bins, Silabee, Smith, Southard, Sprague, Swift,
Tomlinson,Tyler,Wag< man, and Webster—28.
NA\S—Messrs.   Benton,   Brown,   Forsyth,
Grundy, Hill,  Kane, King of Alabama, Linn,
McKean, Moore,   Morris^  Robinson,  Shepley,
Tallmadge,Tipton, White, Wilkins,and Wright,
—18.
The question being on Mr. Clay's second reso-
lution, as modified, was also decided in the affirm-
ative, as follows, to wit:
YEAS—Messis. Bibb, Black, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, Frelmghuysen, Kent, Knight,
Leigh, Mangum, Naudain, Poindexter, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Bobbins, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard, Sprague, Swift, Tomlmson, Tyler, Wagga-
man, and Webster—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown,. Forsyth,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Linn, McKean, Moore,
Morris, Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton,
White, Wilkins, and Wright—20.
Mr. WAGGAMAN moved that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it adjourn until Monday.
On a division, the motion was lost—yeas 21,
nays 22.
On motion of Mr. NAUDAIN,
The Senate adjourned.
Friday, Maich 28, 1634.
A message upon executive business was re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Donelsont, his Private Secretary.
Mr. WEBSTER piesented a memorial from
inhabitants of the city of Albany, New York,
asking therestoration of the deposites to the bank
of the United States, and praying the recharter of
the bank.
Mr. WEBSTER accompanied the memorial by
a speech at some length; and, on concluding,
Mr. WRIGHT rose and expressed a desire to
make some observations in reply, but that he did
not wish to interiupt the discussion which was
going on, unless tne gentleman from Kentucky
would yield his right to the floor upon the special
order.
Mr. CLAY said it was his wish to conclude the
debate which had been so long continued, and in
order to give the gentleman from New York an
opportunity of making the remarks he proposed,
he moved to lay the memorial on the table; which
was agreed to.                                                              j
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. CLAY then resumed his speech begun yes- |
terday; and on concluding he offered the following I
modification of his second resolution, and asked j
the yeas and nays on both:                                       j
Resolved, That the Piesident, in the late execu- ,
tive proceeding in relation to the public revenue, ¡
has assumed upon himself authority and power \
not conferred by the Constitution and laws, but in j
derogation ofboth.                                                      ¡
Mr. MOORE then rose, and briefly explained I
the reasons why he should vote against both the :
resolu.ions, and was followed by                              \
Mr. McKEAN,who said he thought it his duty j
to give, in one word, his reasons for the same vote. |
He considered the resolutions as purely censorious ,
in their character, and the adoption of them would
be no remedy whatever for the prevailing distress ¡
of the country.    But he thought it right to say, j
that the vote he would give was not to be consid-
ered decisive evidence of what his course might '
be when decisive measures of relief should be pro-
posed.                                                         _                   ¡
The question being upon the adoption of the
resolution reported by the Committee on Finance,
that " the reasons assigned by the Secretary of the
' Treasury for the removal of the public deposite, i
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 28, 1834.
Mr. J. Q.. ADAMS asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury .
be directed to lay before this House copies of the
charteis of all the banks selected by him, as de-
positories of the public moneys in the place of the
Bank of the United Slates and its branches—to-
gether with the names of the presidents, directors,
and stockholders, in the said selected banks, with
the amount of stock in said banks held by each
stockholder, and the amount of debt due by each
president, cashier, and director, of each of the
banks, to the said banks, at the time when it was
selected as a depository, and at this time.
Mr. POLK said, as the information was already
before the House, he must object.
Mr. ADAMS insisted that it was not, and he
moved the suspension of the rule of the House to
enable him to offer it.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. POLK then said, that he would withdraw
his objection.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. EWliNG rose for the purpose of submitting
an amendment, calling for fuither information,
which he said he desiied to have. As there was
such a cry made about lawyers and the solicitors,
employed on behalf of the bank, he desired to
know if any were employed in behalf of the State
institutions.
Mr. WAYNE remarked, that as by the rule,
the resolution must stand over one day, an amend-
ment was not in order. He desired, as the infor-
mation called for was of a comprehensive character,
that it should lie over and be printed, that the
House could be prepared to judge of the propriety
of acceding to it or not.
After a few remarks from Mr. SPEIGHT,
The SPEAKER explained the rule; after which
Mr. ADAMS assented to the consideration of the
resolution being postponed, upon the understand-
ing that it should be taken up to-morrow. The
amendment of Mr. Ewikg to insert, " and the
names of the lawyers and solicitors" he accepted
as a modification.
The Hon. Jamfs W. Boulddt appeared, was
qualified, and took his seat as a Representative
from Virginia—elected in the place of the Hon.
Thomas Tyler Bouldin, deceased.
On motion of Mr. McKlNLEY, the House
agreed to meet, henceforth, at 11 o'clock, A. M.
Mr. LYON, of Michigan, obtained teave to offer
the following:
