272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a copy of the map
and report furnished the department by Lieuten-
ant Allen who accompanied H. R. Schoolcraft,
Esq , to and beyond the sources of the Mississippi
river, on a visit to the Northwestern Indians in
1832.
Agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON obtained leave to submit
the following:
Resolved, f hat the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the purpose of pur-
chasing the Wyandot Indian reservations in the
State of Ohio, and removing the Wyandot tribe
of Indians West of the Mississippi.
Agreed to.
Mr GRENNELL, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Nouise.
Read twice and committed.
Mr. POLKjfiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, asked to be discharged from the considera-
tion of the petition of certain sugar refiners of Boa-
ton, praying a reduction of duties on sugar.
Agreed to.
Mr BELL, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, reported a bill supplementary to the acts in
relation to insolvent debtors of the United States
Read twice and committed
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshue, from the
Committee on Commeice, reported a bill for the
relief of Joseph Harbaughandotheis. Read twice
and commuted
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, fiom the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill to direct the sale
of certain lands in Illinois. Read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, proposed that
the House should, hereafter, devote a part of the
morning to the offering of resolutions. He gave
notice that he should, to-moi row, ask leave to sub-
mit a motion to call the States for íesolutions.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Mab.-
dis:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed toinquneinto theexpediency
of repoituig a bill lequirmg the Secretaiy of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be mftde with the Secretaiy for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbuisement of
the same.
Mr CHILTON ALLAN resumed his remai ks.
He contended that the people had not decided the
question of the lecbartei of the bank by their vote
in favor of the election of General Jackson. This
question was not (he said) distinctly submitted to
tne people at the election in a single county or dis-
trict of the country, and, on the contraty, it was
generally supposed that General Jackson thought
a national bank#iot only expedient, but constitu-
tional. The people, he insisted, were in favor of
a national bank. Even at the South, where the
bank was opposed on constitutional grounds, its
geneial expediency was not questioned. Scarcely
a single southern member had spoken on thesub-
lect, since the discussion commenced heie, who
opposed the bank on grounds of expediency. Mr.
A. here asked the reading of Mi Madison'sopm-
lon on the constitutionality of the bank. Among
his conslituents, the authority of that statesman
was greater than that of any man living, and he
wished to lay his opinions on this question before
them. The paper having been lead, Mr A. said
this was the first country in the woild which had
tried the experiment of a wiitten constitution, but
a written constitution would avail us nothing, if
each party which obtained the majority power
should, in succession, oveithrow and change the
settled construction of the Constitution Heallu-
ded to the íumor of new State banks, some of
which were to have branches m other States Any
State (he said) which should consent to receive a
branch bank from anothei State, ought to be blot-
ted out from existence. His constituents cared
nothing about the bank. They only wished a
sound currency, such as the Bank of the United
States had uniformly given them. They wanted
good money for their produce. The question, he
argued, was one between money and paper ragb—
between the industnous classes and the diones.
[Here Mr. A. was interrupted in his lemaiks
by the expiration of the houi,and the House pio-
ceeded to the special order of the day ]
THE DEPOSITES AND UNITED STATES BAMC.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, together with the amendment offered
by Mr. Wild*..
Mr. CHOAPE rose, he said, with gieat reluc-
tance, to address the House on a qjesnon which
had been so long discussed. The House would,
no doubt, be glad to hear that he did not intend to
occupy us attention for any length of time He
thought that there was a point of vie v in which
the majority had not looked at this question He
should ask them whether, if he conceded to them
some cf the mam positions on which they stood,
they could not, consistently with their own
grounds, consent, by restoring the deposites, to
give relief to an agitated, anxious, and suffering
community > On one side it had been uiged that
the Piesident had gone beyond the legiJ and con-
stitutional poweis, and on the othei, it had been
argued that the President and Secretary of the
Tieasury had not exceeded their authonty lie
made haste, in the outset, to say that he should not
touch upon these more excitirgand elevated points
He had nothing tosay about the limits and extent
of Executive power over the subject of the depos-
ites and the currency. As to the bank itself, he
should go throughout on the supposition that it
would not be rechartered. Hecalled ongentletnen
to look upon the proposition to íestore the depos-
ites merely asa temporary measure foi lehef T^e
business of the country stood m need of all the aids
which the public purse could afford He went on
the plain ground that the public stood m need of
the public money However resolutely determined
we might be not 'a rechaiter the bank, it so hap-
pened that the public could not have the use of
the public puise, in any benefHal way at present,
but through the Bank of the United States There
was no one here row who did not admit and
lament the prevalence of gitat distiess throughout
the country Was it not possible, then, without
any matenal compromise of opinion, foi thellouse
to concur m the restoration of the deposites, os a
mensure of lehef fiom the great, unfoieseen, and
unintended calamity which had followed their
removal' Wc had, he thought, obscured, varied,
and endangeied the most important question befoie
us, by heaping too much matter upon it.
The only question was this   It what way can
we dispose of the public deposites so as to affoid
practical and immediate relief to the community
On that question he could not but hope that he
would yet have the concunence of the majoiuy
of the House in  his opinion      The immediate
cause of the public distress was, that the public
deposites no  longer did their usual and propei
office in supplying  active  capital, in sustaining
loans, and in upholding the vast system of credi's
which was the basis of a'l the business operations
of the country.    Heretofoi e, the pub'ic money in
theinteivdl between its collection and disbuise-
ment, had been lent to the public     It was placed
in banks, not only for safety, but to ai<' the cur-
' rency.    In this way some compensatu n was made
j to the people foi the expeises of the Government
I Taxp«, n hfd been justly remarked, never a bless-
| ing, hod been in this wiy rendered less intolerable.
I The United States  B-ink  thinks that it cannot
I safely affoid the same facilities to  the country,
without, as with the  deposites, and, foi   many
I íeasons, the State banks and private cipitalists are
l d to follow tne example of the United States
, Bank in curtailing their business     lie would not
I stop to explain the modus operandi, but he stood
| upon  the broad, piactical  fact, that capital to a
, -vast amount was rendered inactive.   There is as
' much blood as evei in the system, but it is  con-
gealed at the heart     Not only the amount of the
deposites was rendeied unavailable, but the great
I mass of capital in the country was hoarded or put
I to usury     The removal of thedeposites had un-
1 expectedly produced this state of things.   He
' knew that while we all agreed as to the existence
of the embarrassments in business, we disagreed
as to the causes which led to then-- Some main-
tain that but for the conduct of the United Suatps
Bank, the pul'lic deposites would have continued
to afford the same facilities as formeily. But
what hinders Congress Irom giving batk the funds
which have been withdraw if It. was bind, that
the State bai ks would ultimately ¡«fford lehef
The piac'ical ques'ion was, m what way could be
soonest an I mobt safely bilot tied the necessary re-
lief The effect of the restoiation of the deposites
would be immediate and great It would enable
the bank to injheits will, to appoint its exccutois;
to distnbute its ¡¡bbets, to mdu'ge its debtors; and
to die sometnng hke a Chiibtian. The people,
too, wou'd be enabled to orep-ie for the change.
The transition would be less suddtn, violent, and
agitaun  to the community. The consequences
of the experiment so fai cannot be remedied But
because we cannot do everything, we should not
refu e to do anything Now, he would ask, does
any body see any prospect of early lehef in any
othei way 3
Mr. C. a'gued at some leneth to prove that it
was the duty of the Government to lestore the de-
posites to the bank, foi the purpose of enabling it
to wind up, as u was admitted there was a neces-
sity to do, giadually, and not by asuelden contrac-
tion of their affairs, cause to inci ease distress,   lie
I eld that the  establishment of friendly lelations
. between the Government and  the bank would be
instantly productive of icsto' mg intndly lelations
between the banks, and tiius the bank would, if a
lechaiter was decided against, wind up with the
least possible I' j iry lo the commun ty.    In  this
way only did 1 e. think they couiJ do <-o     The di-
rectors of the b?nk would find it their interest, not
hoping a lecheitei as a consequence f>o"i the res-
.toiation, would, he was convincid, be nfiuenced-
by the views common to all othei'dircctois of bank-
ing instituí ions similaily on eums'anced 'I he whole
capital ofthecounli y, now under a SOU of embargo,
would be at once let out, and the currency placed
n a condition by which ulone the country could
I expect to be prosperous.    He knew the bank had
i been called at some public meetings an "evd spirit;"
but if it uas a spun of evil, was it safe to torment
it ab it had been, with this illegal violation of their
I chattered lights? the whole policy of the Execu-
| tive having been directed to put down the institu-
t on.    Whilst he would not object lo the exeicise
of ehe constitutional right of tne -veto, he could
not but legiet, that, not content wnh this, the
l President had, to make asburi-nce  doubly sure,
gone on by tl is act of lemoval to forestall the action
which it was the light only of Coneiess to make.
Fiom ¡hi3, he contended, ad the evils and all the
distress and embarrassment the coumry   t present
1 labored under was to be attiibuted     He would
contrast this high handed policy with that pursued
bv Mr.  Ga'lat.n, whom   he  described   to  have
1 effected the object of winding up the affairs of the
old Bink of the United States almost without the
los^ of a btngle private foi tune.
Ilavu g shown the necessity that existed'for a
restoiation of the deposites, he desued 'o proceed
to the consideiation of the new project submitted
to them—a retuin to a metallic cuuency, and he
must contend that it was, in the present state of
things, neai ly impracticable Pie held that a paper
currency, based on a metallic currency, had been
productive of more vivifying influence than any
other that had been ever introduced.
Having gone thiough the charges bi ought against
the bank, he could not agree that the íeasons of
the Secretary were sufficient to justify htm in re-
moving the deposites. The only charge which
seemed to him to be necessaiy to dwell upon, was
the charge that the bank was producing the dis-
tress for the putpose of forcing a lecharier But
whilst he agreed that those who entei tamed such
feelings were justified m using the strong lan-
guage they did, he could not act upon this,
without having certain and sure knowledge that
they had created it for this purpose Until he
was convinced of this, he could not but entertain
the opinion, that the attitude which the Govern-
ment assumed, made it necessary for the bank to
act with some caution The question, then, would
be, had the bank cui tailed to such a degree as
was unnecessary' This alone would entitle
gentlemen to oppose it on   the  grounds   they
