1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
with the people, and more business with a greater
number of individuals than any other. The gen-
tleman, too, complained of the power to appoint
so many clerks, and that partisans wereappomted
to offices. In regard to the fiist objection, Mr. G.
admitted the power to appoint was in the Post-
master Geneial, and so long as we passed resolu-
tions making so many calls upon him, which gave
so much labor, the power to make clerks must
exist somewhere, and the cleiks mustie paid.
As to the next objection, he would remark, that
Mr Abraham Bradley, whom the gentleman
would not suspect of pamality to this Administra-
tion, declared on oath, at the period alluded to,
that a majority of the clerks in the Post Office were
opposed to the Administration. And as to the
deputy postmasters, some of the most impoitant
of them weie certainly of that political character.
He instanced the postmasters at Albany, at Rich-
mond, and in the city of New York; and he thought
if the fact could be ascertained, it would appear
that all the postmasters in the United States were
pretty equally divided in their political sentiments.
The Pustmaster General made no report of the
contingent expenses, because there was no law
requiring it, and because none of his predecessors
had done so. Mr. G. lepeated, that it was his
intention, if his health continued to improve as it
had done, to completely eviscerate the depart-
ment, that its true situation might be fully made
known.
Some further remaiks were made by Mr. EW-
ING> and Mr. CLAYTON, when the memorial
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRUNDY moved that the Committee on
Private Land Claims be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of William D.
Ferguson, and that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his papéis; which was so ordered.
Mr. KENT presented aj-esolution of the Legis-
lature of Maryland, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to exert them-
selves in obtaining aid from Congress for the bene-
fit of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, relative to pensions, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. TOMLINSONffrom the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Benjamin Sampson; which
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. TOMLINSON, the docu-
ments relative to the improvement of the harbor
of Bridgeport were referred to the Committee on
Commerce. .
The resolution offered by Mr. EWING, em-
powering the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to send for persons and papers, and
appointing a clerk to aid them, was taken up and
adopted.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of JuhnG. Reynolds, !|
and gave notice that he was instructed by the com-
mittee when the bill came to be acted upon to
object to its passage.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
reported a bill regulating the compensation of cer-
tain officers in the marine corps.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel C. Reíd,
and the officers and crew of the privateer Geneial
Armstrong.
Also, a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Henry Eckford, deceased;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of James Noble, and a
bill for the relief of Laomi Baldwin.
Mr. WILK1NS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill extending for six months
the time allowing the Commissioners of the Nea-
politan treaty to settle claims of the citizens of
the United States under that treaty.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, and on his motion, without being read, it
was ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That a Committee be appointed on the
part of the Senate, jointly with such committee
as may be appointed on the part of the House of
Representatives, to consider and report to the
Senate and to the House respectively, what alter-
ations, if any, are necessary to be made—
1.  In the value of the gold coined at the Mint of
the United State's, so as to check the exportation
of that com, and to restore it to circulation in the
United States.
2.  In the laws relative to foreign coins, so as to
restore the gold and silver com of foreign nations
to their former circulation within theUmted States.
3   !n the joint resolution of 1816 (Tor the better
collection of the revenue) so as to exclude all bank
notes, under twenty dollars, from revenue pay-
. ments after a given period, and to make the reve-
1  nue system of the United States instrumental in
the giadual suppression of the small note circula-
j tion, and the introduction of gold and silver for the
common cuirency of the country.
j     Mr. PORTER, gave notice that as  numerous
bills had accumulated, he should, on Monday,
I move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
\ of private business.
| Mr. GRUNDY moved to take up the resolution
! calling for information from the President of the
' United States, relative to the proclamations for the
I sale of public lands in the southwestern country;
1 which was considered and adopted.
I Mr. PRESTON presented the memorial of the
! city authorities of Charleston, South Carolina,
I praying the establishment of a naval hospital at
that place, which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affahs,
Mr.  PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, repoited a bill for the relief of the heirs
I and legal representatives of Walter Livingston,
■ deceased.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of George F.
Bollinger; which was íeferred to the Committee on
¡ Military Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial from
i the officers of Fbrt Deaiborn; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate went |
into  executive  business;  when,  after  spending ¡
some tune therein,                                                 I
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saidrday, March 29, 1834.
Mr. J. Q, ADAMS asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the following leeolu-
tion, submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
dneaed to lay before this House copies of the
charters of all the banks selected by him, as depos-
itories of the public moneys in the place of the
Bank of the United States and its branches, to-
gether with the names of the presidents, directors,
and stockholders, in the said selected banks, with
the amount of stock in said banks held by each
stockholder, and the amount of debt due by each
president, cashier, and director, of each of the
banks, to the said banks, at the time when it was
selected as a depository, and at this time.
Mr. FOSTER objecting—
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rule,
for the purpose of taking it up.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered—   •
Mr. FOSTER said, that as he was anxious to
save the time of the House, he would withdraw
his objection.
The resolution was then taken up and read.
Mr. ADAMS desned to have the following in-
serted as a modification to the resolution:
" And that the Secretary of the Treasury be di-
' rected to report to this House a statement of all
' sums, denominated in theTreasury accounts una-
' vnilabh funds, specifically designating the several
' banks or individuals indebted to the Treasury
' therefor; the time when each debt first became
'due; the time when failuie of payment thereof
'first occurred; the secunty, if any, which the
' public have for payment thereof, at any time,
' and the prospect of such eventual payment."
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, considered
that it was not right to call for information with >
respect to^the private accounts "or debts of the
president, cashier, and directors of each of the
banks." It might be ruinous to them. Hewould,
therefore, move to have that part stricken out of
the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS said that it would have been a
matter of much satisfaction to him, if a similar
forbearance with the private accounts of individu-
als had been attended to on other occasions. He
had himself urged this as an objection two years
ago, when the committee was appointed to inves-
tigate into the affairs of the Bank of the United
States. But he was overruled, and numerous pri-
vate accounts of individuals were exposed to the
committee in opposition to his remonstrance and
protest on that occasion. A similar investigation
was now proposed for the adoption of the House,
in the report presented by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and which, if adopted, not only the
debts of the president, cashier, and directors of
the Bank of the United States would be brought
before the public gaze, but many others, which
should not be. For this reason it was he intro-
duced this resolution for inquiring into the State
banks as a set-off to that proposed into the Bank
of the United States; as it was only fair that the
measure meted to one should be meted to the
others. If this kind of investigation was to be
permitted into the affairs of those persons con-
nected with the United States Bank, it was only
in conformity to all equitable principles of action
to have it extended to those connected with what
he would term " trap" banks, being a better term
for them than " pet" banks. His object was to
obtain information as to the precise condition of ,
these selected depositories for the money of the
people. He was not acquainted himself with their
state, although he had been informed many of the
State banks so selected, were what was called
" family concerns." The inquiry, therefore, into
the debts of those controlling them, was an inquiry
into their condition, involving considerations of
the solvency of the banks themselves, as well as
their fitness for being depositories. He called for
the yeas and nays on the resolution.
Mr. WAYNE desired to correct a misconcep-
tion which appeared in the Intelligencer, " that he
had promised to vote for this resolution" when
submitted by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
yesterday. He had not done so. He had ex-
pressed a wish that the consideration of it should
be postponed, to give the members an opportunity
of understanding the subject, and then deciding
whether or not it should be adopted by them.
The resolution appeared to him to be in some
respects unnecessary, as there were two of the
subjects upon which information was called, before
the House. They had copies of the charters of
all the banks selected by the Secretary of the
Treasury, already on their files in the documents
furnished by him, in answer toa call for that pur-
pose by the Senate in December last. They had
also the names of the stockholders, as far as they
could be ascertained, although they had not the
amount of the stock held by then* For this he
would, perhaps, be willing to vote, also for the
names of the lawyers and solicitors employed.
There were some other objections to the resolu-
tion on its merits; for there was now a much wider
inquiry demanded than when the resolution was
first proposed. He would ask the honorablev
member from Massachusetts, if this inquiry was
consistent with the position he had formerly main-
tained > at the same time reminded him that he
[Mr. W.] went with him on a former occasion, in
objection to examination into the private accounts
of any individuals. The inquiry now proposed
was one which could not be effected. They had
no control over the State banks; and it wag one
which could be of no benefit, whilst, at the same
time, it might prove to be eventually injurious. If
the resolution was adopted, the Secretary might
fairly and truly say that he could not give the
information, because he certainly had no authority
to procure it; and if he had, he would contend that
its effect would be to give to Government an influ-
ence over the State Banks more direct than was
desirable.
The resolution was, in another point of view
unnecessary for the objects stated by the honorable
member from Massachusetts. Thereportpresented
by the Committee of Ways and Meana recom-
