. 282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
are against us." The people were agitated on the
question. The excitement was never greater in
the State. Mr. P. said that the " whole animal"
Tackson men kicked him out of company, not-
withstanding he had been a uniform supporter-of
the Administration, because he had been so unfor-
tunate as to be a native of Massachusetts, and was
so imprudent as to use the following language in a
speech on that floor: " 1 am no man-worshipper;
1 do not belong to the leaders of any of the numer-
ous parties who figure upon the political theatre;
I go for measures and not for men." A higher
honor could not, in his opinion, have been confer-
red on a native of the "Ancient Commpnwealth."
Mr. P. then asked his honorable colleague—
(however, Mr. P. said, for the purpose of avoid-
ing personalities, he would include himself)—he
then asked the allegation from Mississippi, with
which party they took sides—with those who sus-
tained the bank and Clay'aland bill, and opposed
the Administration, or with those who sustained
the Administration on those questions? By whom
(said Mr. P., addressing himself to his colleague,
in an emphatic tone) were toe supported—by those
who sustained the bank, or by those who sus-
tained the Administration? When the Jackson
presses urged our pretensions on the ground that
we were more of Jackson men than our opponents,
mid made an appeal to the partialities and pre-
judices of the people, exhorting them to rally at
the polls, and give their votes for us, who were
the personal and political fiiends of the hero of
New Orleans in preference to one whose motto
was "measures and not men;" whai, he asked,
was the course of his honorable colleague, (and
himself?)
Did tee mount the -stump and tell the people
that we would not wear " party trammels," that
ice would not be under the influence of " party
discipline," that we. would not bow " at the shrine
of party," and that we would not pledge himself to
support the measures of theAdministration, right
or wrong, like an independant mam íesolved not
to be trammelled ? or did toe, under these circum-
stances, tell the people that we was a native of
Tennessee, from the same neighborhood, and per-
sonally acquainted with the President; that Gen-
eral Jackson had known us intimately from his
infancy; had often dandled him on his knee in
childhood; and that we, while yet a boy, had fol-
lowed him to the tented field, and fought by his
side in his country's defence, when he achieved
those victories and won those laurels which placed
him in the chair of State; and that therefore they
could not question his Jaclcsonism ? And for fear
that additional evidence would be wanting, did we
not shed tears in speaking of his " old friend, the
General?" in short, did we not take advantage
of the peculiar state of excitement existing at that
time, and ride into Congress on the popularity of
General Jackson ? He said that he could readily
nnswer these questions if certain that it would be
in order to do so; but as he was an orderly man,
he would leave that for the rest of the delegation.
Admitting them to be answered in the affirmative,
what do they prove, said Mr. P.? They prove
(he continued) one of two things; either that we
pledged himself to the people of the State to vote
for ihe measures of the Administration generally,
or that we would sustain such leading measures
of the Administration m particular, as were then
under discussion and consideration before the peo-
ple of the State. He cared not, he said, which we
meant; the people understand us as being, at least,
tacitly pledged to oppose the bank.
Mr. P. said, if an apology was due to the House
for having treated a letter-writer with so much
respect, it must be found in the fact that he had
no other way of disabusing the public mind. He
hoped that the newspapers would do the people of
Mississippi the justice to give his remarks a circu-
lation as extensive as the letter-writer3 had the
slanders to which he had referred. With regard to
the merits of the main question, he had intended
to embrace the opportunity then offered to express
himself fully, but the feeble state of his health
would not admit of it at that time; he should there-
fore defer it, and seek some other occasion, on the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. P. protested against any intention of disre-
spect to any one; repeated that he had a high regard
personally for the individuals who composed the
meeting at Natchez. He made some further gen-
eral remarks in relation to the distress in the coun-
try and the cause of it, not distinctly heard by the
repoiter, and earnestly contended that no man who
was well versed in the banking operations could
attribute it to any cause other than the pernicious
and baneful operations of the banking system,
which he feared would some day destroy the Gov-
ernment. -He concluded by declaring that it was
with wounded feelings of national pride that he
heard it gravely asserted by intelligent, and he
believed patriotic gentlemen, on that floor, that
the Government could not exist, nor the various
branches of industry prosper without the aid of
the united States Bank, or some other similar
moneyed corporation, to afford facilities and regu-
late the currency of the country. If the body
politic, said he, was so debilitated; if the energies
of the people were reduced so low that they could
notcontinuetoexistwithouta moneyed monopoly
to lean upon for support, it was evidence to him
that they were prepared for slavery; it was time
that they had a master; they were, in his opinion,
unworthy of that rich inheritance handed down to
them by the patriots of the Revolution; they were
incapable of self-government.
Mr. CAGE briefly replied, when the resolu-
tions were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KAVANAGH presentedamemorial signed
by inhabitants of Bath, in the Stateof Mame, com-
plaining of the present stagnation of business,
which they attribute to the removal of the public
deposites. He remarked, lhatalthpugh he felt great
regret in diffeiing fiom so íespectable a portion of
his constituents in some of the views which they
presented, j'et it gave him great pleasure to assure
the House that their memorial was couched in
language becoming them as highly respectable cíti- i
zens, and the body which they addeos—that it I
was altogether free from those harsh criminations !
whi'h characterize many of the communications
on the same subject which have been addressed to
the House. The memorialists, with great candor,
suggest the course which they believe necessary
to relieve the country from the embarrassments of
which they complain.
On motion of Mr. KAVANAGH, the memorial
was read, ordered to be printed, and laid on the
table.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial, praying the
restoration of the public deposites from sundry
citizens of the town of Somersworth. Read,
ordered tobe printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. BR1GGS presented the memorial of 370
citizens of the town of Adams, in the county of
Berkshire, Massachusetts, praying the restoration
of the deposites, and representing the prevalence
of great embarrassment in their business, &c.
Read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYLIES presented amemorial from 2,429
inhabitants of Bristol county, Massachusetts, rep-
resenting that all business in that county labors
under unexampled embarrassment, and suggest-
ing, as a remedy for the evil, the restoration of the
deposites, and the extension of the bank charter
for two years. Read, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BAYLIES also presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts, in relation to the improvement of the navi-
gation of Taunton river.    Read, and referred.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the town of Lynn, praying the restoration
of the deposites, and the recharter of the United
States Bank. Read, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSGOOD said he had to present certain
resolutions adopted by the citizens' of Boston, at
one of the largest meetings ever held, remonstra-
ting against any restoration of the deposites, and
against the «chartering of the bank, as well as
professing their determination to support the Ex-
ecutive in their measures to employ the agency of
the State banks, and to restore to the country a
metallic currency. He called for the reading of
the memorial and resolutions.
They were accordingly read, ordered to be
printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. BURGES presented a memorial, which he
said was signed by a majority of the voters in Pat-
erson, New Jersey, praying the restoration of the
deposites and recharter of the bank; also one of
a similar tenor from Smithfield and Cumberland,
Providence county, Rhode Island.
Mr. PEARCE remarked that he had received
some communications in relation to this latter
memorial, which he desired should be read.
Mr. BURGES said he would not object.
The letters were read, and there were in them
sundry charges that the memorial was not signed
exclusively by the inhabitants of the place from
whence it purported tocóme; that it was improperly
got up for political objects, &c.
Mr. BURGES asked whose signature was to
one of the ie'ters read ?
Mr. PEARCE informed him it was by Mr.
Owney Ballou.
Mr. BURGES pronounced it a forgery.
Mr. PEARCE asked and obtained leave of the
House to address a few remarks in defence of the
statements contained in the letters, as well as their
authenticity: upon which a debate of a very length-
ened and recriminatory character arose between
the two honorablemembersfrom Rhode Island, in
which the local politics of the State were discussed,
but which we are obliged to defer for the present.
It was finally arrested by a successful motion of
Mr. EVANS to have the memorial laid on the
table; and it was ordered to be printed with the
others presented.
Mr. BURGES then presented another memorial
of the same tenor from inhabitants of Newport;
which was read, ordered to be printed, and laid
on the table.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 1, 1834.
Í A message was received from the President of
; the United States, by Mr Donelson, his private
, Secretary, transmitting a report from the Secretary
■ of State on the subject of preventing the counter-
j feiting of foreign coin.
|    Mr. WRIGHT asked leave to present to the
Senate a report fiom the minority of the select
committee to whom was referred the credentials
of the Hon. Mr. Roeeins and the Hon. Mr. Pot-
i ter, each claiming a seat as a Senator from Rhode
i Island.
i     Mr. POINDEXTER inquired whether this was
; a substantive view taken of the subject, or a
| response to a report of the committee.  Heobjected
- to anything but a substantive view of the ques-
tion on the part of the minority.    He had been
told (be had not seen it) that the paper was a
response, in the shape of a speech or argument, to
the report of the committee.
Mr. WRIGHT did not wish the gentleman to
be in doubt about the report. He answered, that
the paper was both a substantive view of the ques-
tions involved, and also a response to the positions
assumed by the majority of the committee in their
report. He was entirely unacquainted with the
practice of the Senate on such subjects,, but the
practice of the House of Representatives was, that
a minority was authorized to make a report. When
the majority made their report, he distinctly stated
he desired to avoid the duty of making a minority
report unless it was acceptable to the Senate. But
under expressions from different sides of the
House, he then said he would present his own
views, and he had done so. He had not intruded
upon the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN thought a presenta-
tion of the substantive views of the gentleman was
as far as the Senator could go. He was willing
that a minority of a committee should have an
opportunity of making known their own views,
but not to take up the majority report and tear it
to pieces, because it would be putting them in the
back ground. He hoped the gentleman from New
York would give such a direction to the subject as
to enable him to give his own views on general
principles, and then subject them to the consider-
ation of the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE was willing and desirous that
the gentleman should present his views; but that
it should be done in the same manner, and in the
same character, as the report of the majority
which was presented. It was going very far,
when a select committee made their report, to
