286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April °3,
people. Until that examination was made, and
especially in the absence and exclusion of the
Government directors, it was certainly an extra-
ordinary case of presumption for the bank to come
forward and demand a recharter.
The equality of the State banks with the branches
of the Federal bank as places of deposite for the
public moneys, as mentioned in one of the resolu-
tions, was next adverted to by Mr. B. He did it
for the purpose of remarking that the strong and
conclusive argument against the assumption that
the Federal bank was the Federal treasury, grow.-
ing out of the 14th fundamental article of the con-
stitution of the bank, could no longer escape public
attention. The notice which was taken of it in such
a meeting and such a place would .ensure it a gen-
eral and conspicuous regard in time to come.
Mr. B. referred to another of the resolutions, as
claiming a particular notice, because it had a ref-
erence to a great practical measure now depending
before the Senate, and which he hoped would end
in legislative action. It was the one which related
to the reform of the currency—the real currency
of the Constitution—by enlarging the specie circu-
lation and diminishing the paper circulation within
the United States. This was the true way to re-
form the currency. Let Congress raise gold to its
just value, and restore it to its ancient place of cur-
rent money among the people; let it repeal all its
unwise, if not unconstitutional laws against the
circulation of foreign coins; let it get rid of its own
un wise legislation, and permit the enterprise of the
people and the commerce of the country to take
their course, in bringing in coin, and the country
will immediately fill up with .the precious metals.
Small bank notes will become odious to everybody;
they will be suppressed by the power of the people
through the action of the Federal and State Legis-
latures; and labor will receive its appropriate
reward in a currency really sound, intrinsically
valuable, dependent upon no contingency for its
safety, and susceptible of being used with due
regard to a beneficial economy.
Mr. B.' had listened with great satisfaction to
the various declarations which had come from the
other side of the House, as to the prosperity of the
country previous to the removal of the deposites
in October last. A. state of unparalleled felicity
and prosperity was affirmed to existin the country.
The memorials which were introduced upon the
same side of the question were equally full, co-
pious, and glowing, in describing the happiness of
the people, and the prosperity of their affairs, up
to that period. According to all their representa-
tions, a state of Arcadian felicity seemed to be
prevailing up to that time in this country—in this
same country which, according to incessant pre-
dictions for mneyears, was to be covered with ruin
and desolation if General Jackson was elected
President. Mr. B. said it was not for so small
an object as raising contrasts, or exciting disagree-
able recollections, that he referred to these proph-
ecies, so profusely made, for so long a period,
and now so publicly contradicted by the whole
body of the prophets themselves. A higher and
nobler object animated him—an object connected
with the safety and the good of the country. He
wished, by recalling the recollection of these un-
fortunate predictions, to inspire distrust, if possi-
ble, m those who make them; if not, m those who
hear them. Those who have been so greatly
mistaken, heretofore, ought to admit the possibil-
ity of their being mistaken once moie, and should
adhere with less confidence to their predictions of
ruin, if the Federal bank is allowed to expire;
those who have heard these predictions, and be-
lieved in them, and acted upon them, should now I
be careful how they believe and act again upon |
new prognostications from old sources which have
led them into so much error heretofore. They
should hesitate before they believe in a prediction
of rum to the country, from the dissolution of this
oank, coming from the same prophets whoso long
prunliesied ¡uin to the country from the election
of General Jackson, and who have been employed
for three months past in proclaiming the happi-
ness of the country under his Administration.
They will doubtless he as much mistaken in time
to come, as they have been in time past; and
should no longer put faith in predictions which
have been so delusive and deceptious.
Mr. B. then moved that the resolution be read,
printed, and take the usual reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BIBB said he was not actuated in thecourse
•which he should pursuebyany question ofrenewal
or otherwise of the charter of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States; and since the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] had suggested that the proposition
to recharter the bank had been permitted to sleep
for three weeks to come, until certain important
elections should have transpired, he would observe
that if it had a tendency to produce political effect
on these events, a fair statement of facts should go
forth. From 1807 to 1811 the country was labor-
ing under the stricture of an embargo. He was
here when the nation was disengaged from that
policy, and when a war was the result. In conse-
| quence of this, the money market was reduced,
! and upon the going down of the old bank in the
limited state of the circulation, a severe pressure
was-felt. This the gentleman attributed to a fic-
titious alarm, which he [Mr. Bibb] knew to be a
mistake, for great distress did in fact and verity
exist, a distress which was felt by the property
holders from one end of the country to the other.
And what succeeded ? We got rid of the old bank,
but in its place we had a litter of State banks sub-
stituted, which, like the blood of the Hydra in
fabulous history, when it was shed, maliy Hydras
sprang up from it, and which have been increasing
to this day. And the great question was, how
were we to counteract it. The proposition alluded
to, to lay the bill to recharter the bank on the table,
was not made with a design to cover this or that
election, but because the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts found he could not get on with the bill;
he discovered that the majority was against it,
and, like a prudent general, he moved to lay it on
the table himself. When the war of 1812 closed,
the bank was chartered, and the gentleman from
Missouri said that it was a political bank. And
who made the war but the great body of politi-
cians to whom he [Mr. Bibb] then belonged ? On
looking at the votes of those who made the bank,
he discovered that without the concurrence of a
majority of those who professed to be State-rights
men, it could not have gane into operation. The
bank was made by the Republican party, and by
a Republican President; it was not sustained by
any paper-money system, and those who sustained
> it held the stock of the Government. The patron-
i age of the Government went hand in hand with
' the patronage of the bank. The stock of the bank,
as of all other banks, would make its way, and be
held by the rich and wealthy men who desire to
live on the interest of their money; and the Board
of Directors, of course, if chosen from among the
stockholders, will be composed of such men.
Mr. B. disclaimed any friendship to the United
States Bank, and also to the State institutions. He
believed the whole system was vicious in its na-
ture, liable to convulsions, storms, and tempests,
putting it in the power of men, by alternate issues
and contractions of bank paper, to bring ruin and
destruction on the community; and therefore,
instead of rechartering the United States Bank as
a permanent system, he thought we ought to turn
our attention to a much greater evil—the checking
of the paper system; not rashly, because honest
men were in possession of the paper for value
given. Wo to the Government who should knock
it down suddenly and without providing an ade-
quate substitute. He had no design to defend the
United States Bank, but he thought whenever gen-
tlemen objected to the power of the bank, they
ought to remember that if the same amountof cap-
ital were divided among sundry State banks, the
same influence would be produced by them as was
now produced by that bank, and to a greater ex-
tent. The effect was as inseparable as the shadow
from the substance. And if the indications of the
extraordinary inciease of banks in all quarters
were not soon checked, he thought it would be '
necessary for Congress to enforce the provision in J
the Constitution, which prevents the States from
issuing bills of credit, or a necessary consequence '
would be general bankruptcy. By being in favor
of the restoration of the deposites, he was not in \
favor of the bank. He proceeded on the impe-
rious obligation imposed on every individual citi- :
zen to be honest, to do justice, and to comply with I
his engagements; and when the Government had
made an engagement with the bank, and received i
value for it to the amount of one million and a half •
of dollars, besides other important advantages, it
now found the bank unconstitutional, and were
waging a crusade against it which he did not and
could not approve of, and which was in violation
of justice and honesty.
Mr. BENTON rose in brief reply to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Bibb.]    He said that he
hoped he had kept himself both within the bounds
of truth and parliamentary practice in what he had
said relative to the deferred recharter bill.   That
bill was certainly brought forward under a great
press of urgent necessity—of immediate action—to
relieve the distresses of the country.    After some
debate, it was laid on the table until the first of
May, that its discussion might not interfere with a
debate of prior origin.  Thedebate, of prior origin,
ceased in two days; and then the recharter bill
was called up, not for action—that immediate action
which the distresses of the country were supposed
to require when it was first brought forward—but
to be fixed for discussion for the 21st of April, a
period of time which would certainly cover im-
portant elections in the two great States of Vir-
i ginia and New York.    It was not for him (Mr. B.)
to assign motives for this delay; it was sufficient
that he should state facts; but he might be permit-
ted to suggest a doubt as to the correctness of the
motive assigned by the mover of the bill, by the
I Senator fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Bibb.]    That Sen-
ator supposed it was from a conviction of the im-
possibility of getting his bill through, that he had
] delayed it; he (Mr. B.) thought the contrary; for
, the natural consequence of such a conviction would
I have been to move the indefinite postponement of
his bill; at all events to let it remain at the later
period to which it was already fixed, namely, first
of May; but he had shortened that period ; he had
i fixed it for an earlier day; and that certainly indi-
' cated, not a conviction that he should lose the bill,
i but a hope that he should carry it.
|     In the allusion which he had made to the politi-
i cal character of the Bank of the United  States,
Mr. B. did not refer to the party designations of
| the day. They were too much qualified by ephem-
eral and subaltern distinctions, to stand for na-
I tional denominations.    He did not use the term
! Federal or Republican; for, in these times, those
; terms have lost their signification—they no longer
; indicate the true original grounds of the national
1 parties—those   grounds  which   were  worthy to
divide a nation—grounds on which patriots stood
! and   patriots   divided   in   1791—grounds   which
went to the fundamental principles of the action of
the Government, and which drew the great line
¡"between those who were for a government of con-
structivepowersanadelegatedpov/ers. The political
i grammar(i\lr.B. said) was now strangely confused.
; Many men have got into wrong places.   They
j wear the name of one party, and act on the pnn-
i ciple of the other.    Parties, as the Senator from
l South Carolina who sat farthest to his left [Mr.
I Preíton]  had   well   said—the   desciiption   was
meant for only one party—were now strangely che-
! quered—they  were  ring-streaked  and  speckled.
This was their state now; but this bank question,
carrying all back to the year 1791—ascending to
] the true fountain of party distinction—would set
: all right, and come back to the two plain colors,
¡ which would be a true index to every one's politi-
cal principles.    Bank or no bank will be the ques-
: tion for years to come.   That question will in-
¡ volve the question of constructive and delegated
■ powers; it would involve the question  (Mr. B.
: believed) of Constitution or no Constitution; for
1 the construction which could let in this bank, with
| all its various breaches of the Constitution, would
make a breach in it wide enough to let in every
other.unconstitutional measure which the varying
times, and the passions, or interests, of parties
might seem to require.    Mr. B. then read an ex-
tract from a speech of a son of Virginia, and a
son-in-law of Mr. Jefferson, made at the attempt-
ed renewal of the first bank charter, to confirm
and establish the political importance, and the po-
litical character which he had ascribed to the Uni-
ted States Bank.    It was the speech of the late
Mr. Eppes, and was a valuable piece cf historical
truth and political doctrine.
"The charter of the bank was granted in 1791.
' On this great measure, the two great parties
' were, for  the first time,  arrayed against each
