1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
' other. It wa3 at that time considered a party
' question, inasmuch as it involved the very
'PRINCIPLES on which the parties divided,
' to wit: delegated powers and constructive
' powers unfortunately for his country, General
' Washington, on this occasion, took side with
' the Federalists. The creation of a moneyed in-
' TEREST, COK^ECIED With the GOVERNMENT, WaS
' a favorite measure of those who were willing
' to ingraft energy on the Constitution, and was
' warmly opposed by the party unwilling to add,
'by construction, the extraneous right of a
'moneyed capital, to a Constitution, consideied,
' on a fair construction, sufficiently energetic.
' The defeat of General St Clair took place in the
' November following the establishment of the
' bank, and the subsequent disasters of the In-
' dian war, by increasing the wants of the Gov-
' ern ment, drew moi e closely the ties of connexion
'between the Federal party and the bank.
' Through all the periods of the Federal Admin-
' istration, this MONEYED POWER was their
' SHIELD and their SWORD."
Mr. S1LSBEE moved to have the names to the
memorial printed.
Mr. BENTON observed that the proceedings
which he had introduced were the resolutions of
the meeting They were duly signed by the pres-
ident and secretanes. A letter to himself, from
the same gentleman, stated the numbei at the
meeting to be estimated at seven thousand, name-
ly, five thousand within the walls of the building,
and two thousand without.
The resolutions were then read, ordered to be
printed, and referred.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from the
Commissioneis of theNorthein Libeities, praying
that the boundaries of the port of entry of Phila-
delphia may be extended, so as to comprehend
those Liberties; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
Mr. McKEAN offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
mstiucted to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing relief to Ann Hohand, widow ot Thomas
Holland, a revolutionaiy soldiei, deceased.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice that he should to-
morrow, as soon as,he could obtain the floor,
move the Senate take up his motion for leave to
introduce the report of the minority of the select
committee, to whom was leferred the credentials
of the Hon Messrs. Robbivs and Potter for a
seat upon the floor of the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the Senate proceed
to executive business, which, upon a division,
was lost
The Senate then proceeded to the
SPECIAL ORDERS OT THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of the hen sand legal rep-
lesentatuesof Moses Shepherd, deceased, was, on 1
motion of Mr  CLAYTO\T, laid upon the table   I
The ¡esolution of Mr POIN DEXTER, author-
izing the preparation of manusciipt maps of the
countiym which publ.c lands lie, was taken up
and adopted.                                                                 I
The íesolution of Mr. McKEAN, relative to a |
revolutionaiy claim, was adopted
The íepoit ard i esolution of'he Committee on
the Judiciaiy upon pe Mon agencies, was, on mo-
tion of Mi CLAY FON, laid upon tue table, and
made the oidei of tl e day foi TLetcUv iievt           ,
Mr. WEBSTER'S bi 11 elating to Trench spo-
liations luior to 18u0, %&", on motion of Mr
WRIGHT, laid oi, the tab'e                                      I
The bill repealing the act commonly cal'ed the
foiee bill, was, on notion of Mi CALHOUN,
laid upon the table, with an i timation lhat_ he
would call it up heieafter
The bill fot the relief of Elilm Hall Bay and
others, was ta'ten up, vi en a long n d úe< ílury
debate occuued, in vvlvch Mes'rs POINDEX-
TCR, BLACK, CLAYTON, MOORE, PRES-
TON, CaLIIOUN, PORTER, KANE, LINN,
and KING, of Alabimi, , aiticipa^ed
Mi BLVCK moved to lay the bill upon the
table     Lost—
Ayes 14, noes li the ona r (occupied by Mr |
S1LSBEE) deciding m the iterative          ^               I
The debate was fut'her continued, when the ¡
qje^ionuporianamenUmentoiieredbj Mi.KING
of Alabama, to confine the location of the claims
to the State of Louisiana, was taken by yeas and
nays, and lost.
YEAS—Messrs Black, Forsyth, HiH, King of
Alabama, Moore, Morris, Robinson, Shepley,
White, Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs Brown, Calhoun, Clay, Fre-
hnghuysen, Hendricks, Kane, King of Georgia,
Knight, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Pomdexter, Por-
ter, Pientiss, Preston, Robbms, Silsbee, Swift,
Smith, Southard, Tipton, Tomlinson, Tallmadge,
Waggairmn.—24.
Mr. MOORE offered an amendment modifying
the amendment of Mr. KING of Alabama, upon
which the yeas and nays were ordered.
YEAS—Messrs Black, Forsyth, Hill, Kmgof
Alabama, King of Georgia, Moore, Morris, Shep-
ley, White, Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Biown, Calhoun, Clay, Fre-
Imghuysen, Hendricks, Kane, Kent, Leigh, Linn,
Margum, Pomdexter, Porter, Pientiss, Pieston,
Robbins,Silsbee, Smith, Southaid, Swift, Tipton,
Tomlinson—21.
The question on ordering the bill to a third
reading was then taken, and agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Hiram A. Hunter was
read a third time and passed.
The bill authorizing the Governors of the sev-
eral States to transmit, by mail, legislative docu-
ments and reports, bound and unbound, was, on
motion of Mr PORTER, laid upon the table.
On-motionof Mr  CLAY,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday,.Qpnl 3, 1831
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, leported a bill
granting compensation for losses incurred during
the late war, which was read twice, and madethe
special order of the day for the 11th instant.
Mr CHANEY, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting a pension to Wil-
liam Wilges.    Read twice and committed.
Mr E EVERETT, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a bill making compen-
sattonfor certain diplomatic services, and foi Other
purposes Read twice and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr H EVERETT obtained leave to present
a petition, which was leferred.
Mr CLAY, by leave of the House, presented
the memorial of the Tennessee Canal Commission-
ers, asking fuither aid for the accomplishment of
that work, and some modifications of the grant,
which was leferred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution respecting the public deposites, sub-
mitted by Mr Mardis
Mi CHILTON ALL AN resumed his remarks '
in oppos tion  to the reso'ution.    The question i
wmch aiose in 'Ql as to the constitutionality of i
employing bank agency in the fiscal affairs of the
Government, was no longer a subject of dispute. 1
11 1791 theie weie three banks, now there were |
foul hunhed and fi'ty     The President assumes
that bank agency is necessary    The Secretary of
the Tieasury assumes the indispensable neces&ity
of bipk agency.    All  patties pioeeeJ on the as-
sumption that bank agency is necessary.    It was
no longei a q jestion whether such agency should
be employed, the  que^'ion now lias, which de-
putment of the Government should  cieate  and
employ  su"h  agencies     Another  quest,on   was
oefore'us as to the regu'ation. of our funds through
oui fiscal a^etit, in  such manner as to givecet-
tamtyand stability to oui levenue    After treating
this poirt bucfly, Mi   A  pissed to another posi-
tion, that the public fund-, ought to fdinisn capita!
to the people     Etgl t millions was t le amount of
public Hinds geneially on hand, and that fir con-1
stituied banking caiital     Through the jjency of
the Bank oi the United States that capital was
equa'ly distributed, as it ought to be     Being paid
by all it should be used for The benefit of all    The
valley of the Miss.s; ppi was entitled to one fouith
of the sum, and it was essential to -is pro-penty, ,
in aiding in the transportation of produce to mar-
ket. Now, this money was taken away and de-
posited only in those local banks where the money
was collected. We, in the West, are therefore
utterly depiived of the use of our own money as
banking capital. Mr. A. said he would now look
at the political aspect of this question. He under-
stood the Secretary of the Treasury to maintain
that he was not the officer of Congress or the peo-
ple, but of the President; that he was bound to
discharge the duties of the office according to the
directions of the President. He had always sup-
posed it to be a vital principle that the people
should have the control of their own money, &c.
After some remarks on this point, Mr. A. con-
cluded, and
Mr. CORWIN obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITE, of Louisiana, moved the suspen-
sion of the rules of the House, in order to move
that the House be called for the presentation oí
petitions from twelve to one o'clock, beginning the
call at the extreme South.
The question was divided at the request of Mr.
PARKER, and the motion was put and lost.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill " to provide for the settlement of certain revo-
lutionary claims "
Mr MARSHALL continued and concluded his
remarks in support of the bill, and in reply to the
speeches of Messrs PIERCE, of New Hamp-
shire, VANDERPOEL, and GILMER.
Mr. BAYLIES obtained the floor.
THE DEPOSITES AND UNITED STATES BANK.
The House, at one o'clock, resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, together with
the amendment offered by Mr. Wilde, declaring
the reasons given by the Secretary of the Treasury
for removing the deposites to be insufficient and
unsatisfactory.
Mr HARDIN resumed, and expressed his
regret that he had been compelled to detain the
House with his remarks, but he would endeavor
to detain them as little as possible. It was not his
intention to have discussed at large the reasons of
I the Secietary for removing the deposites; but he
I would now do so He concluded that the matters
' stated in relation to the three per cent, stock had
been brought forward in a spirit rather to brow-
beat and insult Congress, than to illuminate the
Democracy of the country. He treated the charge
that the bank had not complied with its charter,
by having its business done by the medium of sub-
agents, or exchange committees, as perfectly ridic-
ulous, to be urged as an argument, when the bank
was empowered by its by-laws to delegate such
functions to those committees The complaint that
these Government directors were not placed on the
exchange committee, was not deserving of con-
sideration, when it must be recollected that this
appointment was by law vested in the bank. They
could not, or should not, he contended, appoint to
such places of trust those in whom they had not
confidence, and surely no person would stand up
and say that thebe directois could be consideied
anything but spies, obeying the oiders of the
Kitchen Cabinet. These directors had undertaken
to do the drudgery required from them; and he
could not theiefore see that they had any right to
complain that they were not elevated into high
places from the low offices which he consideied
they had volunta!lly chosen to fulfil.
Mr. H animadverted with much severity on
the act of removal, as having produced distress of
unparalleled magnitude, which was at present
raging in the cities amongbt thecommeicul world,
but which would finally extend to a fourfold degree
into the interior of the country He condemned
the assumption of this power of removal, when
u isustain^d by any strong grounds, as trenching
upon the high privilege  convened by the Consti-
tution on the House of Representatives, who alone
hrd the light to place it where they pleased—in
custom-houses or banks, and from which, when
so placed, he argued, tl at it should not, m thelan-
guige used m ai othei place, evei be attempted " to
be scooped out " Tne doctrines of the member
fiom Georgia [Mr Gilmer] on this point, he con-
sideied untenable m principle, and he maintained
that the people, having in the free Government of
England,a!ways claimed the right of withholding
