THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   P U B LI SH ET^A TJTH E    CITY   OF   W"aSHIN GT O nTb Y IbLAIR Tmj^
23d Congress, 1st Session.______________________           SATURDAY^~APjaiL_ 12? 1834".                               ^^                  ===~V¿C. IZÑoTlSr"
single officer; but the constitution of the State
says, that in the Governor shall, be vested the
executive power; and, moreover, it says that the
Governor " shall see that the laws are faithfully
executed;" the other cabalistic words from which
the newly-claimed powers are to be derived. But
■where, he asked, did the genileman learn that
Congress could not create an agency for the exe-
cution of its powers? Were we schoolboys, on
the first form, that we should entertain such no-
tions? In what catastrophe would this doctrine
end ? He asked the House to look at its founda-
tion. It revived,the feudal doctrine. All the exec-
utive power, exercised by the infinite number of
officers appointed to carry on the Government,
was vested in the President, proceeded from, and
returned to him. Everything odious in history,
or personified in fable, was here exhibited to us;
a hydra with a thousand heads, a JBriareus with a
hundred hands, was this executive power.
Mr. McD. went on to comment upon particular
passages in the speech of the gentleman from New
York. The gentleman lamented, what was truly
unfortunate, that the President, in addition to con-
stitutional omnipotence, should be possessed of
ubiquity, that he could exercise all executive power
himself. There was something alarming in the
idolatry of these doctrines, and in the tone and
manner of their propagation. He repeated that
these were attributes which never belonged to any
monarchical government, constitutional or uncon-
stitutional. There was nothing like it, even in the
mythology of the Greeks and Romans, for there
Neptune ruled the sea, and Pluto the realms be-
low; to Mars was assigned the province of war;
to Venus of love, and to Minerva of wisdom. But
our Jupiter, armed in the panoply of all the gods,
claims from all obedience to his will. He
"Shakeshis ambrosial curls, and gives (he nod,
The stamp of fate, the sanction of a god."
Here Mr. McD. yielded the floorto Mr. ARCH-
ER, who moved an adjournment.
Mr. LANE demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion; and they were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion; it was
determined in the affirmative, by a vote of 117 to
83.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, A¡,ril 4, 1834.
A message from the President of the United
States, upon executive business, was received, by
Mr. Donelson, his Private Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memorial
from certain persons of Louisiana; which was
referred,on motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting a list of the clerks employed in that depart-
ment; which, on motion of Mr. GRUNDY, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. McKEAN said he had been requested to
lay before the Senate the proceedings of a public
meeting, said to be the most numerous ever held
in the county of Centre, in the State of, Pennsyl-
vania, composed of the friends of the National and
State administrations, to take into consideration
the present situation of our public affairs. He
said he had been requested to state, and he did so
with pleasure, as a matter of his own knowledge,
that the prominent actors at the meeting are those
whom we denominate decided and consistent Dem-
ocrats, and friends of the present Chief Magistrate
of the Union. The venerable Andrew Gregg, who
reported the resolutions, was once a member of this
body, and must be known personally or by char-
acter, to many, if not all, the members of the Sen-
ate. Mr. G. was also a member of the first Con-
gress that assembled under the Constitution, and
with little intermission had been in active public
life ever since.   Mr. McK. knew he had been
19
throughout a decided friend and supporter of the
present National executive. This meeting, among
other things, resolved that they have continued
confidence in the integrity and patriotism of our
present venerable President, and that they see no
reason to doubt the purity of his purpose and
honesty of intention, which guided him in his
recent course against the United States Bank; hut
as Congress alone possesses the power, under the
Constitution, to raise revenue and direct its appro-
priation, so, in accordance with the same princi-
ple, the place of deposite and safe-keeping of the
public money should be provided for by law; and
they request their Senators and Representatives in
Congress to use their best exertions to procure an
early and satisfactory adjustment of the questions
affecting the currency of the country.
The proceedings were read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN again rose, and said he had been
charged with presenting the proceedings of another
meeting of the citizens of the same county, on the
same subject, and held at the same place; and it
afforded him pleasure to bear testimony to the
respectability of those concerned, so far as he had
the honor of their acquaintance. However, re-
spectable a3 they were, they could not, he believed,
be counted among the friends of the present Ad-
ministration. He stated this merely to show the
distinct characterof the two meetings, not because
it ought or would have any weight with the Sen-
ate, and, indeed, under other circumstances, ought
not to be mentioned here at all.
These proceedings, however, in moderate and
dignified language, disapprove the conduct of the
President in relation to the United States Bank
and the public deposites, to which cause they
attribute the present distresses of the country, and
recommend, for a limited time, the extension of
the charter of the present bank, and that the pub-
lic revenues to be collected hereafter shall be de-
posited in it and its branches.
The proceedings were read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to take up for considera-
tion the reportof the committee upon thecontested
election of the Senator from Rhode Island; which
was agreed to.
Mr. W. then said that, when he offered the pa-
per on the table, he was called on to know whether
it was responsive in its cnaracter to the report of
the majority, and he then answered frankly that
it was; that it contained the substantive views of
the minority of the committee, as also a response
to the views of the majority. A suggestion was
then made as to the propriety of such a course.
He did not now contend for the propriety of a
minority making their report, but he supposed
that, in preparing the paper, he was acting under
the express assent of the Senate to make a report;
and the only question nojv was, whether he had
forfeited that right by the manner of his making it.
He had reflected on the subject, and he was unable
so to alter the document substantially as to change
its character. He could alter it so as to avoid
saying that it was a response; but still it must
continue to be so in substance. And it would not
have been a respectful course to have affected that
the report of the majority was not before the Sen-
ate, and, therefore, he had endeavored to submit a
fair argument on the questions submitted to the
committee.
Mr. CLAY thought the question could be de-
cided without any influence in reference to the
main question, by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wright] throwing the paper into the form
of a speech, and presenting it to the public. He
thought this was the first case of a minority
report being madein the Senate: which he thought
wrong in principle. It was best to adhere to the
settled practice of receiving the report from the
majority only.
After some further desultory remarks between
Messrs.  KANE,  KING of Alabama, CLAY- \
TON, POINDEXTER, CLAY, BENTON, and
SPRAGUE, the paper was received, laid on th*
table, and ordered to be printed.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The bill authorizing the Governors of the several
States to transmit by mail, free of postage, legis-
lative documents, was taken up, read a third time,
and passed. The question was taken by yeas and
nays; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Clayton, Fre-
linghuysen, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane,
Kent, Knight, Linn, McKean, Morris, Poindex-
ter, Porter, Prentiss, Robbins, Robinson, Shep-
ley,Silsbee, Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, White, Wilkins—27.
NAY—Mr. King of Georgia—1.
Mr. BIBB moved a postponement of the orders
of the day; which was agreed to.
Mr. BIBB, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, reported a bill for the relief of Pierre Menard.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
relief of Joseph Bogy, of Missouri.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, .reported a bill from the House of
Representatives, without amendment, for the relief
of Henry Whitney.
■ Mr. SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Henry Levely; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of
Thomas Tenant and others, of Baltimore, on cer-
tain claims arising from the Danish treaty; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, the Senate took
up the bill for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, jr.
After a considerable debate, in which Messrs.
SPRAGUE, SHEPLEY, SOUTHARD, POR-
TER, BIBB, and BENTON participated, the lat-
ter moved to lay the bill upon the table; which was
lost. The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. POINDEXTER moved to take up the bill
from the House of Representatives, reponed by
the Committee on Public Lands, for the relief of
Garrigues Flaujac; which was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill from
the House of Representatives, without amend-
ment, for the relief of George Bowen.
On motion of Mr. WAGGAMAN, it was or-
dered that when the Senate adjourned, it would
adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
Thomas Blanchard; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Archibald W. Hamilton;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to whom was recommitied the
bill for the repair and extension of the Cumber-
land road through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, reported the same with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. SILSBEE, the bill reported
by the Committee on Commerce, from the House
of Representatives, authorizing the issue of a
register for the brig American, was#taken up, con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Robert Sewall and
others.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the bill
authorizing corrections to be made in locations of
land granted to the State of Indiana, for the pur-
pose of enabling that State to construct the Michi-
gan road, was taken up, and ordered to be engrossed,
for a third reading.
The followine resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. LIJSTN:
