290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
a grant of land to Jean Baptiste Janis, appointed
ensign of militia in 1778, by Col. George Rogers
Clarit.underauthority derived fromhis Excellency
Patrick flenry, Governor of Virginia, who served
in the campaign at the siege and capture of Vin-
cennes, and into the expediency of granting him
a pension.
By Mr. CLAYTON:
Resolved, That the following be added to, and
form a part of the rules of the Seriate:
" As soon as the Journal is read, the Presideat
' shall call for petitions from the members of each
' State, beginning with Maine; and if on any day
' the whole of the Stales shall not be called, the
< President shall begin on the next day where he
* left off the previous day."
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, without amendment, granting pen-
sions to certain persons therein named.
Also, a bill from the House, without amend-
ment, for the relief of Robert Reynolds.
Mr. NAD DA IN, from the Committee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of the widow of James Leo-
master; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POIND'ÍXTER,
The bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, for the relief of llishe Homa, otherwise
called Captain Red Pepper,a Choctaw Indian, was
taken up, considered, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. WILKtNS asked leave to withdraw the
papers of Jonathan Kearsley.    Granted.
- Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of James Ord.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of James
Wallman; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BIBB asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate of 1st session of the 23d Con-
gress, the essay upon currency, by Thomas Law,
Esq., of Washington city.   Granted.
Mr. SOUTHARD moved to take up the bill
from the House of Representatives, for the relief
of John A. Webster; which was agreed to, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the reliefof William
S. Anderson, was taken up, considered, and or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WAGGAMAN stated that he had several
important documents relative to the claims of
Spanish grantees in Louisiana, which had been
obtained from the archives of the French Govern-
ment, which he moved to refer to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, who had that subject under
consideration.
After some conversation the motion to refer was
agreed to.
Mr. KENT presented the petition of James P.
Southeron; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
•   Also, a memorial from the corporate authorities
of thecity of Baltimore, statmgthat that city, owing
to its commercial intercourse with foreign coun-
tries, was liable to afflictions from pestilence, and
praying Congress to aid them m the establishment
of an hospital for the reception of foreign patients.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. SWIFT,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jipdl 4, 1834.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Gates Hoit, Vincent Taylor, Ahaz
Hayes, and James D. Harding; which reports
were severally ordered to lie on the table
Mr. CHILTON reported a bilí for the benefit
of bamuel M. Asbury;
Mr. CARR, a bill for the relief of John M. Car-
roll, junior; and
Mr. CONNOR, from the select committee ap-
pointed for the purpose of making inquiry into the
propriety of establishing assay offices in the gold
regions in the southern States, made a report,
accompanied by a bill to establish assay ofBees of
the United States Mint in the^old districts QfNorth
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Virginia;
All which bills were severally read twice and
committed.
The SPEAKER communicated a message, re-
ceived from the President of the United States,
with a communication from the Governor of New
York, and the Governor of New Jersey, addressed
to him with a view of obtaining the consent of
Congress to an agreement which had been entered
into ay those States to settle the boundary line
between them.
On motion of Mr. MANN, the message, with
the accompanying documents, were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, with a state-
ment prepared in obedience to the order of the
House, of the duties received in 1833, the pay-
ment of which would have been deferred till
1834, had not the system of cash duties been
adopted.
Also, a letter from the Postmaster General,
transmitting a list of persons employed as clerks
in the Post Office Department in 1833, with their
salaries; which were laid on the table.
The House took up the resolution submitted by
Mr. Mardis, in relation to the deposites.
Mr. CORWIN, of Ohio, having the floor, after
professing that he felt much embarrassment in
addressing the House on a subject which had been
already discussed so ably, spoke until the expira-
tion of themorning hour in opposition to theviews
given by the Secretary of the Treasury in justifi-
cation of the removal; contending that Congress
had never intended to confer the exclusive power
over the public funds in the President, as they had
assigned, in one section of the act incorporating
the bank, particular duties to him, whilst they had,
in another section, assigned certain duties to the
Secretary, which went to show that the Secretary
was to exercise them without any of the super-
visory control which it was claimed on the other
side that the President had over all the acts of his
subordinates; and he gave way, without conclu-
ding his remarks, to
Mr. MARSHALL, who moved that the House
should proceed to the orders of the day, being the
bill to provide for the settlement of certain revolu-
tionary claims.
Mr. BAYLIES spoke till the expiration of the
hour, generally in support of the bill.
Mr. CRAMER, of New York, followed, and
replied to the arguments adduced in opposition to
the bill.
THE DEPOSITES AND UNITED STATES BANK.
The House, at one o'clock, resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, together with the
amendment submitted by Mr. Wilde.
Mr. McDUFFIE resumed his remarks in oppo-
sition to the resolutions. The gentleman from
New York„by his executive syllogism, had dis-
covered a power more efficient than any ever
dreamed of by Archimedes. The gentleman had
found a place for a fulcrum, and, by the applica-
tion of his newly-discovered lever power, was able
to tottle the fabric of the Government into ruins.
The gentleman had argued that, though legislative
power could not be exercised by agency, yet
the executive power could be. If he had taxed
his ingenuity to frame an absurd proposition, he
could not have better succeeded. Where did the
gentleman learn that the President, our dread sov-
ereign, could appoint an agent for the exercise of
his power, without authority of law? The Presi-
dent of the United States was clothed with two
kinds of power, wholly separate from each other.
Every power which the President could exercise
was by the law and under the law. The executive
power cannot create an agency. Why, sir, cannot
we, before to-morrow's sun, strike from existence
this whole machinery of Government—executive
departments, army, navy, judiciary, and ail__and
the next moment rear up another "fabric of equal
magnificence? And yet(says the gentleman from
New York) Congress cannot create an executive
agency. But let all these agents be ministers to the
executive will, and where is the legislative power'
You might as well talk to me of the power of a
sleeping man, as of a legislative power without
practical means for its exercise. Uow was the
President to execute the laws of the Union ? By
inherent power? By such agents as he chose to
appoint? No; in such manner and by such means
as the law directs. The President was nothing'
more than the grand marshal to execute the decrees
of legislation.
He passed to the power of appointment. He
could not (he said) conceive how the power of dis-
missal from office came to be considered as an in-
herent constitutional power in the President, inde-
pendent of legislation. Nor was the question an
immaterial one, whether this right of dismissal was
derived from the Constitution or from law, as he
should show. Was it not a legislative power to
create an office, to prescribe its duties, to fix upon
the degree of malversation which should be cause
for dismissal? Sir, I will tell you my opinion.
Congress has a right to say for what causes offi-
cers of the Government should be dismissed, ex- .
cept the judges, whose tenure was settled by the
Constitution. He believed, too, that it was time to
interpose this legislative power, and let the officers
of the Government know that they hold their places
by a tenure less frail than that of the will of a sin-
gle individual. He had a deep and solemn con-
viction, that unless Congress interposed on this
subject, the day was not far distant when this
Government would sink into absolute corruption
and monarchy. Has it occurred to you, Mr.
Speaker, (said Mr. McD.,) that upon the change
of ministry and measures in England, the whole
system of administration remains still in the hands
of the same officers? Here, on the other hand,
the doctrine is maintained and practiced upon, that
each President may turn out his opponents and
put in his friends. It was boldly claimed for the
President that he should have this power in order
to secure his responsibility to the people for hia
measures. It was strange, he thought, to secura
responsibility by putting at the disposal of a Pres-
ident a standing army of civil officers, scattered
abroad through the Union; they were of more
efficiency than ten times the number of soldiers.
Look at the Blue Book, now rising in envioua
rivalry to the Red Book of England, and say what
can resist such a powerful array of Executive in-
fluence. When Cromwell usurped power, he used
to say he sought it not—he received it by the grace
of God, througn the army,&c., the usual channel
through which, in these latter days, the mercies
of God are dispensed to his faithful worshippers.
What have we seen in Ohio ? A convention to
nominate a candidate for t\ie Presidency, two-
thirds of it consisting of office-holders. Look at
Pennsylvania. Twelve months ago, the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania voted unanimously that the
bank ought to be rechartered; now they reverse the
opinion,and for what reason? For no other reason
than that which the grenadier gave for dispersing
the Council of Five Hundred: " The General has
ordered it." God forbid that the people should
confirm the order. He warned thegentleman from
Tennessee that if this doctrine of executive om-
nipotence was established, in connexion with the
aid of those who worship at the shrine of a saint
whose name was unknown to the Christian calen-
dar, the President would be armed with an in-
cantation more potent to call spirits from the
vasty deep to do his-bidding. The President, in
his old age, when his vigor had survived his intel-
lect, delirious with the adulation of sycophants,
invokes the vengeance of Heaven upon those who
support an institution which he wishes to de-
stroy, &c.
He then adverted to what he said was tin inge-
nious contrivance to encroach upon the limits of
constitutional power—it was to represent the peo-
ple in the President. If this doctrine was estab-
lished, there never would be a President who would
not be able to claim all power, as the representative
of the people. Every President could as well as-
sume that the people had approved his measures
and adopted all his principles, by electing him.
Suppose the doctrine to be true, it would prove
nothing in this case; for the people of the United
States never had any reason to suppose that Gen-
eral Jackson was opposed to a national bank. In
his messages, he expressed his hostility to the
bank; but always introduced a saving clause in
