1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   295'
The substance of the memorial that I am about to
present may, theiefoie, be inferred The memou-
alists tell you, in themost respectful language,that,
m common with a great majority of the people of
the United States, they had viewed, with unfeigned
alarm, the power of this bank They tell you,
too, that they had deemed the result of the last
presidential canvass a decisive expression of the
public will that this dangerous institution should
not be perpetuated They tell you, moreover, that
they were aware that the charter of so great a mo-
nopoly would not be suifercd to expire without a
struggle—that they anticioated ah its movements
to excite public alarm, derange the currency, and
prostrate individual credit
But they tell you notwithstanding that they ap-
prove of the measures of the Administration in
relation to this insti'ution, and that they are con-
vinced that its demands for a recharter should be
refused, foi  the purpose  of effectually resisting
this war of the bank upon public and individual ,
credit.    In conclusion, they tell you that they are
opposed to the rechai ter of the bank, and to the res-
toiationof the deposites. Their resolutions are ex-
pressive of the same sentiments in bolder language, i
Sir, I have felt myself called upon to say thus !
much of this convention and  their pioceedmgs,
and I will now notice what has been puolicly said
agauibt them.
1 have before me a paper published by the print-
ers to this House, which contains the publication
of a letter written in my distuct, and read in the
Senate, an extract of which I beg leave to read
here.   It is in these words:
'• Ere this arrives, you will haveheard of certain
' rcsolutiors passed in a county convention, called
' by the office holders and then creatures, to attend
'through the powei of party discipline, appioba-
(ting the couise of the President. But such can-
1 not be the sober sense of the county Themeet-
'ing, we piesume, was got up in consequence of
' our memorial "
This letter, as 13 said, was signed by nine or ten
citizens of Troy, and at the head of the list was
the mayor of the city.   Their names are not pub-
lished, though I am informed they were made pub-
lic when the letter was read     They have been
íeported to me.    If correctly, (and I have no rea-
son to doubt it,) I know them well   Some of them
aie men of great wealth, and all of them of great
respectability.    But most if not all of them have
been krownasbelongmg to apolitical party which
Mr   Jefferson has most faithfully described, and
whose principles and motives he detected at an
early period m the history of our Government. In
short, sir, they are Federalists.   At this day there
are^ery few persons tn the district I represent who
will avow themselves such, but from the senti-
ments expressed in this letter, it may be taken for
granted these nine or ten gentlemen are iiot averse to
su<-h avowal   "This convention,"say they, "wa<s
called  by the office-holders and their creatures,"
aye,  " creatures," Mr. Speaker.    This is not an
uncommon expression     It is often applied indis-
criminately to the democracy and yeomanry of
my district.   I do not mtend to rebukethose gen-
tlemen foi the remark     It was not a casual ex-
pression—it was deliberately made, it undoubtedly
conveys the " sober sense" and meaning of these
nine or ten gentlemen.   They believe, no doubt,
as an eminent statesman and leader of their party
believed and said, before theadoptionof our Con-
stitution, "that all communities divide themselves
' into the few and the many, the first are rich and
' will born, theothers, themassof the people. The
' people are turbulent and changing—they seldom
' ]udge or determme right, give, therefore, to the
' first class a distinct and permanent share m the
'Government."   Sir, those gentlemen carry out
this principle.    " This meeting," say they, " we
presume was got up m consequence of our memo-
rial "   Thus we see that those nme or ten very
worthy, very wealthy, and very respectable gen-
tlemen, claim as their memorial, one thathas here-
tofore been presented to both branches of Con-
gress , signed, as it was said, by seventeen hundred
and thirty of the citizens of Troy, without distinc-
tion ofparty.
Sir, I have a few words to say of this famous
" Troy memoiial," inasmuch as what I have hith-
erto said in relation to it has been the subject of
much comment and some misrepresentation
That memorial was originally transmitted to an
honorable Senator from the State of New York
for presentation. Before he presented it, he was
kind enough to submit it to my inspec'ion, pre-
suming, no doubt, that inasmuch as it came from
my district, I was better acquainted with the me-
moi lahsts than himself I stated to the honorable
Senator that the memorialists w ere highly respect-
able—that I was personally acquainted with many
of them, and had information oí others upon which
I could rely. I did not state to him, as has been
reported m one or more of the papers published in
this city, that I was personally acquainted with
nineteen twentieths of them. The honorable Sen-
ator neither understood noi reported me as saving
so. I do not believe there is any one man living
who is personally acquainted with that proportion
of them. My knowledgeof the memorialists was
founded upon acquaintance with, and information
of them I so said, and was so understood at the
time. But I did state to ium that I did not believe
that more than one hundred of the memorialists
were the friends of the Administration. I did not
think or intimate that the memorial was entitled
to less weight or ciedit because it came from the
opponents of the Administration, and it will be
perceived, that in the remarks made by thegentle-
man charged with the presentation, not a word was
said of the political character of the memorialists,
until another honorable Senator insisted that it had
been signed by the citizens of Troy, without dis-
tinction of party Then,and not till then,wasthe
information I had given made public.
Sir, I certainly ought not to express my regret
that my political opponents attach so much im-
portance to the fact that a few of my political
friends signed that memorial. It was a perfect
non-committal production Itsaid notnmg about
the recharter of the bank 01 the restoration of the
deposites, and I believe neither the United States
Bank or the deposites wereata'l mentioned. Sn,
I would permit my political opponents to claim
among the memorialists any number of my fi lends
they choose, if they would leave unmolested those
of my constituents who did not sign it, and my
humble self.
It was but a day or two after that memorial was
presented that another letter from a gentleman
in my district was made public. This last letter
asserted that the afoiesaid memorial was signed by
the citizens of Troy, without distinction ofparty,
" except a few whole-hog collar-men " I speak
fiom recollection, for I have not the report of this
last letter now before me I am not mistaken,
however, in the quotation of this last delicate
expression.
At this day the expression is so common and so
general in its intended application both here and
elsewhere, thatit has ceased to be reproachful. It
seems to be applied by political opponents to all
the fnends of the Administration without discrim-
ination. It is applied to every representative who 1
will not betray the trust reposed in him by a con-
fiding people if he will violate the pledges he
has given to his constituents, then, and not till
then, he becomes uncollared, and unshackled, and
is hailed as an independent representative. Sir,
peimit me to say, that I, tor one, aspire to no
such honor or distinction.
Mr Speakei, I have a few words to say in vin-
dication of myself, and I have done " These
nine or ten respectable citizens, with the Mayor at
the head of the list," say, in the communication
from which 1 have read an extract, that " our
memoiial," as it has been called, " was presented
to the citizens of Troy, without distinction of
party.and that of the 1,730 citizens who signed it,
it is found on a critical examination, recently
made, that at least four hundred aie, or have been,
Administration men."                           .
Sir, when I read this report, I almost feared
that I had been too hasty in my examination of
the names of the memorialists, and that I had
been incautious, if not incorrect, in the statement
I had made I knew, to be sure, that I had seen
the call of the meeting at which that memorial
was adopted I had seen the names of the persons
appended to that call reported to be eleven bundled
in number. I had received communications fiom
constituents whose veracity was never questioned,
asseitmg, that of those eleven hundred signatures,
there were only thirty-one of the friends of the Ad-
ministration. I have now before me a paper, pub-
lished in my district, in which this assertion has
since been made public, and which I have never
seen contradicted I had seen most, if not all, of
the names appended to the call of that meeting,
appended also to the memorial. I know, both from
acquaintance with, and information of the residue
of these memorialists, that they were generally of
the same political character. I knew, moreover,
that I had intended to make a liberal allowance
when I stated the number at one hundred; still I
feared I had been mistaken. I was willing pub-
licly to correct the mistake, if I could become
satisfied that I had made one; I therefore procured
a copy of the names subscribed to that memorial,
and transmitted it to my constituents for informa-
tion. They cheerfully instituted an investigation,
and have communicated the result of it to me.
Their communication I am willing should be made
public. I ask that it may be read by the Clerk.
[It was ordered to be read, as follows:]
" Tkot, (N. Y.,) Match 2D, 1834.
"Hon. X Pictson.
"Dear Sir: After a patient investigation and
examination of the names appended to the memo-
rial sent from this city in February last, to Con-
gress, only ninety-five of those names have been
found known by either of us, the subscribers, to
be friends of the general Administration; ninety-
seven are aliens, sixty-seven are minors, and up-
wards of five hundred are not found on the city
directory. It is probable that the number of each
of the above may be somewhat larger, as there are
names unknown to any of us. There are also
names known to be non-residents, and some are
presumed to be fictitious. Several of the subscri-
bers hereto have seen many of those who have
signed the said memorial, and who are friends of
the Administration, and they state, that they are
opposed to the recharter of the United States Bank,
and approve of the course which the Administra-
tion has pursued in relation to the same, and that
if the memorial had been for a recharter of the said
, bank they would not have signed the same."
I This letter (said Mr. P.) is signed by twenty-
1 three citizens of Troy. They are not only gentle-
men of great respectability, but intimately and
' extensively acquainted with the people of that
city. I hazard nothing in saying that they areas
well (if not better) acquainted with the political
character of the citizens as any other equal num-
ber of gentlemen in that place. They are all well
known throughout my district, and some of them
throughout the State of New York. They have
stood, and still stand, high in the confidence of the
people—too high, indeed, to íequire the tribute of
my poor praise.
Sn, I have not made this explanation or expo-
sure in a spirit of unkmdness towards those nine
or ten gentlemen who have seemed desirous of
wounding my feelings. I have made it in self-
defence. I do not question the integrity of those
gentlemen. They have, no doubt, stated what
they believed. They predicated their statement
or averment, (call it what you please,) as well
upon information as their personal acquaintance.
Sir, they should have had the charity to believe I
did the same thing. If I were in fact mistaken,
surely such mistake might have been deemed by
them of too little importance to be the subject of
correspondence with an eminent statesman. But,
sir, 1 do not intend to complain. I shall leave all
those who have been engaged m this controversy
against me in the quiet enjoyment of all the hon-
ors they have acquired in a warfare that is novel,
if not unprecedented.
Mr. SELDEN presented a memorial from eight
hundred and eighty-one working-men, citizens of
Troy, praying the restoration of the deposites
and the rechai ter of the bank.
Read, and ordered to be printed, and'laid on
the table.
Mr SELDEN presented a memorial from cer-
tain citizens of Albany, representmg^their situation
in relation to the commerce of the State of JNew
York, and of the great West, and the embarrassed
condition of that commerce; and praying the es-
tablishment of a national bank for the regulation
of the currency, &c.                                          ,
Read, and ordered to be printed, and law on
the table.
