300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
that he regretted that gentlemen should, in the
eouise of their remarks upon almost every ques
tion before Congress, deem it necessary to cast
reflections upon New York—a State which he was
proud to call his native State, and one which he
had the honor, in part, to represent. In the re-
marks made in the House yesterday, by the hon
orable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr Bwing,] he
stated, in answer to some observations made by
his worthy colleague, [Mr. Ca.mbreleng,[ that he
presumed the appropriation Was intended for some
clerk to be appointed from New York; for that
State, he said, came in for all the " loaves and
fishes," which might account, he said, for his
(Mr. Cambueleng's) being m favor of it.
[Here Mr  Ewvng explained ]
¡Mr. WARD said he could not believe that the
remarKs of the honorable gentleman had been
made in any spirit of unkindness towards that
State; but as he was in favor of the appropria-
tion, he felt himself called upon to disclaim being
governed by any such considerations, and he be-
lieved that his honoiable colleagues weie as free
from any bias of the kind as himself.
Mr. W. said, that during the present discns-
Bion, he had ascei tamed from the " Blue Book,"
an official publication of the Department of State,
and which contains a register of all officers and
agents, civil, military, and naval, in the serviceof
the United States, and which, in conformity with
a joint resolution, is transmitted bienmallyto Con-
gress, the remarkable fact, that the numberof per-
sons in office at the seat of Government from the
great State of New Yoik, does not exceed nine,
and the aggregate of their salaries $12,000. The
officers and cloiks now employed in the several
departments at Washington, have been appointed
from the respective States as follows:
From Massachusetts 21 From Delaware
Virginia.....53
N. Carolina.....5
S Carolina...   .
Georgia......
Kentucky... .
Tennessee......
Ohio............
N Hampshire. ..10
Connecticut.....  10
Vermont   ........ 1
R. Island ....   1
N Yoik (12,000) 9
N   Jersey.....   15
Pennsylvania..    45
Maiyland       .   97
It is, therefore, manifest, from this statement,
that the State of New York, which contains nearly
one sixth of the whole population of the United
Stales, and which pays into the Tieasury more
than one-half of the revenue of the Government,
lias nota fair propoition of its citizens in office,
and, instead of being censuiable and obnoxious to
the chaige made against them by that honorable
gentleman, have just cause of complaint, but he
was happy to see that the patriotic and intelligent
people of that State require no prompting fiom
peisonal feeling or party considerations to do then
duty to their State and to their country.
Mr ARCHER said the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts could not have well considered the effect
of the obseivations which he had made as to the
remark in the letter of the Secretary. That officer
was one of the most high-mmded and honorable
men in the world, and was utterly incapable of
casting a slur upon any of hia predecessor in
office. Mi. A. also íemarked, that the object of
the appropriation was not simply to arrange the
papéis, but to index them. This was necessary,
not only for the accommodation of the department,
but of the members of this House, and every one
who had occasion to consult the papers in the
depaitment He hoped some other occasion than
that which was presented by this item would be
taken for waging that ruthless war which was to
be commenced unon the appropnation bills
Mr CHAMBERS spoke in opposition to the
appropriation, on the ground that it was unne-
cessary and irregular.
Mr. POLK rose to call the attention of the
House back to thequestion. To the objection that
the bill would create offices, he replied by showing j
that it had been the usage of the Government to
make temporary appropriations for exti a clei k hire. |
Thebooks were full of cases of this kind.  The gen-
tlemanfrom Virginia [Mr AiirHFR]had saved hun
the trouble of vindicating the Secretary of State '
fiom the charge made against him.    It had neier [
entered the mind of the Secretary of State to cast |
censui e upon any one on account of the condition
of the officevand the remark in his letter could bear
no such construction. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts insinuated that the appropriation bill
would be made the occasion of another general
bank discussion, by moving an amendment pro-
viding that all moneys appropriated should be paid
out of the United States Bank. He had rumors of
tnis before. Does the gentleman speak his indi-
vidual sentiments, or those with whom he acts'
Are we to discuss the bank question again on this
bill' He would not go into the subject yet, for it
was not now before us. He hoped that on this
single item the House would not indulge in a gen-
eral discussion. Iftheitem was approved, let us go
on; and if not, let us strike it out, and go on with
the bill. He was gratified to find that the gentle-
man from Virginia was in favor of making appio-
pnalions in the regular way, as heretofore.
Mr BINNEY considered that, as this service
was one peculiarly called for by the Department
of State, and upon grounds which could not apply
to the other departments, he could see no good
ground for reflecting upon ¡he department foi ask-
ing it at this period. He wished, however, that
its language would be made more precise, to guard
against any doubt of the intention being not to
create a permanent office, but simply to do that
which was at present matter of necessity. As it
would be of public benefit, he wished to strike out
the word "preserving," and insert, " for making
indexes to."
After a few remarks from Mr. MANN, of New
York, and Mr  HARDIN—
Mr BROWN said that thequestion under con-
sideration was upon the amendment which he had
the honor to submit yesterday That amendment
anplied to the foim, and did not touch the princi-
ple of the appropriation. He was conrvinced that
the proposition which the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr Binney] said he intended
hereafter to offer, would carry out the views he
entertained upon the subject moie effectually than
the amendment nowbefoie the committee. He
would, therefore, withdraw his motion to amend,
in order to afford the honorable gentleman an im-
mediate opportunity to submit his proposition.
Mr R. M JOHNSON bore testimony to the
efficiency with which, in his opirion, the various
clerks in the departments performed the duties
assigned them; for whenever he had come in con-
tact with them, it was impossible, as he could say
from his own experience, to find a set of men who
were possessed of superior intelligence, capacity,
and integrity.
Mr FOOT said there was one objection to the
appropriation, which was not to be overcome. It
should be recollected, that this was the third ses-
sion since a resolution had been adopted, calling
on the Secretary to state the number of clerks, and
distribute the labor to be performed. They had
no answer to this; and, until that was given, he
could not consent to vote for any increase to the
number of clerks in that department.
Mr McINTlRE said he would vote for the mo-
tion to strike out, because he believed the cleiks
were numerous erough, if called upon, to do the
duty that was íequisite. He had been acquainted
with them and the nature of their duty for five
years, and he thought they did not perform one
half the labor that might be done by the number
of clerks employed He would vote against both
this appropriation and the one to increase the
salary of the chief clerk.
Mr. CROCKETT complained that there was
not the retrenchment under the Administration that
was expected when it was broughtmto power, and
he could see no necessity for making appropria-
tions at all, while thelaw remained, or authorized
the President to control the public funds.
Mr BINNEY proposed his amendment, to
strike out the words "preserving," and insert,
" for making indexes to "
Mr. POLK said he hoped the amendment would
prevail, as it was only meeting the views of the
Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
POLK, mutually explained
Mr.CAMBRELENGsaid.hehopedtheamend-
ment would be adopted. He desired to correct a
misconception as to some remarks which he had
made the previous day. What he then meiftit to
say, was, that it was not in the power of the mem-
bers, when in committee, to give to the subjects
brought before them the same lull attention which
they could bestow on them when in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendment of Mr BINNEY was adopted.
Mr. CHILTON proposed another amendment,
in substance, to provide that the amount in the
item should not be paid, unless, in the opinion of
the Secretary of State, the duty of the clerks could
not be performed by tbem by devoting six hours,
out of the twenty-four hours in each day.
Mr. VINTON remarked, that as it was evident
the subject could not be then disposed of, he
would move that the committee do rise.
The motion was negatived:
Ayes 72, noes 88.
The question beingon Mr. CHILTON'S amend-
ment—
Mr. BARRINGER said that he could not agree
that it was proper the Secretary should be set aa
a watch over his clerks. He did not think the
House should legislate in that small way; this he
did not mean to say, from any feeling of disre-
spect to the honorable gentleman who proposed
the amendment. Buthedesired thatalaw should
be passed which would radically cure the evils
complained of by the inefficiency—which he ad-
mitted in the fullest extent—of the present clerks.
They were every day to be seen in the Hall of the
House, on the avenue, and everywhere, but where
they ought to be—in their offices.
Mr. CHILTON remarked, that the object of
his amendment was mistaken by the honorable
gentleman. It would be recollected, thatthe office
hours of the clerks was from ten till three o'clock;
his amendment only proposed to compel them to
remain at their duties onehourlonger. Hismam
objection to the present appropriation was not so
much to the amount, as it was on account of the
principle involved, and which, if sanctioned, would
go to multiply permanent offices under the Gov-
ernment, by means of appropriation bills.
The amendment of Mr C  was negatived.
The question then recumng on the motion sub-
mitted by Mr. ADAMS, to strike out the item
from the bill—
Mr. WILLIAMS said that as the amendment
pioposed by Mr. BINNEY, and which was adopt-
ed, did not substantially change the provision of
the appropriation, or touch what he principally
opposed it for—the amount a ppi opnated by it—his
objections were not removed, and he would vote to
have it stricken out.
Mr. ADAMS rose to reply to the argument
adduced in opposition to his motion, and said that,
as his objection was to both the foi m as well as
the substance contained in the item, he regretted
exceedingly that the member from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Binney,] for whom he had the highest re-
spect, had, by his amendment, left the principle,
which, violated all the laws which had hitherto
been observed in making appropriations, untouch-
ed. He contended that this was, in effect, giving
extraneous aid to the bill making appropriations
for the service of Government, and he warned the
House, that if they sanctioned the principle of
permitting items to bemserted which wereforeign
to the purport of their bills, that they should not
be surpiised if still more unconstitutional propo-
sitions should be made, from which he argued
many manifest evils and abuses must inevitably
ensue.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the Committee
rise.
Mr. POLK opposed it.
The motion was negatived, yeas 68, nays 90;
after which,
The question then being put on the motion of
Mr ADAMS, to strike out the 14th, 15th, and
loth lines, the motion prevailed:
Yeas 89, nays 70.
Thereupon the committee rose and reported pro
gress.
And the House (at five o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 10, 1834.
A message was received from the President of
the. United States, upon executive business, by
Mi. Donelson, his Pnvate Secictary
