302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Pensions be instiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of so amending the pension act of the 7th
June, 1832,as to provide fcr such persons as were
employed as artisans in the army, while in the
militia Of regular service of the United States.
Mr. W. R. DA VIS submitted the folio wing reso-
lution, the consideration of which was postponed:
1, Resolved, That the powers of the Executive
department of the Federal Government have
been enlarged beyond the authority of the Consti-
tution.
2 That the powers of the Executive depart-
ment of the Federal Government are increasing,
and ought to be diminished.
3. That the patronage of the President of the
United States has increased, is increasing, and
ought to be diminished.
On motion of Mr. GAMBLE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of changing the mail route from Savan-
nah to Augusta, so as to make it pass through
Waynesborough, in Burke county.
On motion of Mr. TOMPKINS,
Resohed, That the same committee inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Franklin, in the county of Simpson, Kentucky, to
Scottsville, in the county of Allen.
On motion of Mr. R M JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the ¡aw which authorizes scrip for land
bounty, so as to providefor claims granted to rev-
olutionary services, and located, suiveyed, and
patented in the Stateof Kentucky, and which claims
have been taken by prior or better claims by the
judgment of the highest judicial tribunal in that
State, according to the construction put upon the
original law by the Secretary of the Treasury,
which embraced those claims.
On motion of Mi. R. M. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instiucted to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing that law which requires two witnesses to
establish a pension foi wounds received during
the revolutionary war, placing all such cases upon
proof satisfactoiy to the Secretary of War, as in
other cases
On motion of Mr. R. M JOHNSON,
Resolved,Thitt the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of abolishing impiisonment for debt within
this District, and particularly as respects small
sums under fiflydollms, and as it i expects allfemales
On motion of Mr. DAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing the names of William Baden and James
Harrington on the íoll of invalid pensions.
On motion of Mi. MARTINDALE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire and report to
the House whethei any, and if any,, what pro-
vision ought to be made by law, foi cleaning and
keeping clean Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was ordeied to he on the table-
Resolved, That the Committee on Rev olutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting pensions to the widows of suuh
deceased soldiers of the Revolution as would, if
living.be entitled to the benefit of the actoflS'Sa
Provided they were the wives of the said soldiers
at any time they were in service. And also to
mquireintothe expediencyof, granting the benefits
of the said act to those who were engaged in the
wagon service duung the Revolution.
On motion of Mr  DENNY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be  instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to aid in the erection of
suitable buildings in Pittsburg, for the accommo-
dation of the United States com t in and for the
western district of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr LYON, it was
Reiolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquue into the expedi-
encyof estabi ishing an agency for paying pension-
ers south of Green nvei, in Kentucky
On motion of Mr  HARDIN, it was
Revolted, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedí- I
ency of putting the names of Joseph Brown, of
Bullitt county, and Henry Shauntee, on the roll
of revolutionary pensionéis, and that the docu
menta evidencing said claims be referred to said
committee.
Mr. CHILTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; ivhich lies one day for consideration:
Resolved, That in view of the general distress of
the people of the United States and that commer-
cial embarrassment which is carrying ruin to the
door of the agricultural portion of our citizens,
the President of the United States be respectfully
requested to submit to the House a plan foi a
Bank of the United States, competent to all the
duties which may be required by the Government,
and which may be so organized as not to infringe
on  our own delegated powers, or the reserved
rights of the States, and comprising all the advan-
tages, and may not be subject to the objections to
which the present Bank of the United States is
liable in his judgment.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
compensation  to George Brandon and Stephen
White, citizens of Tennessee, for property lost
during the last war.
On motion of Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
further provision by law to compensate the col-
lectors  of the customs for their services at the
poits on Lake Erie, and to equalize their pay.
On motion of Mr VINTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquiie into the expediencyof
reviving the law for granting copy-rights to au-
thois, so far as relates to the reports of the judi-
cial decisions of the courts of the United States
and of the several States, and of distributing the
reports of the judicial decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States along with the acts of
Congress wherever the latter are required by law
to be annually sent.
On motion of Mr LEAVITT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to mqun e mto the expediency
of authoi i?ing a survey of a northwestern national
road from Washington, Pennsylvania, upon the
most eligible route to some point on the Maumee
bay, or its vicinity
Also, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a mail route from St. Clairs-
ville, in the county of Belmont, by way of Union-
town, Flushing, Morefield, Freeport, and West
Chestei, to Port Washington, on the Ohio canal,
in the State of Ohio; and fiom Knoxville, in Jef-
ferson county, to Tunnell-h'll Mill.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY,
Resohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire  into the expediency of
providing by law foi the abolition of the use of
ardentspirits in the navy; also, to establish a naval
depot at Charleston, South Carolina.
On motion of Mr. CROCKETT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquue into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Tot-
ten's Wells, in Obion county, by Seth Bradford's,
to Troy, in Tennessee.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr BOON submitted the following resolution,
the cons'deiation of which was postponed:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate, and
theSpeakei of the House of Representatives, close
the present session of Congress by an adjournment
of their respective Houses on Saturday, the 31st
of May next
On motion of Mr CAVE JOHNSON,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instiucted to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Claiksville, Tennessee, to Cadiz, m the county of
Tngg, Kentucky
On motion of Mr CAVE JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the piopnety
of making a furthei additional appropriation for
íemoving obstructions from the Cumberland river
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Ready -
ville, in the county of Rutherford, by way of Hoov-
ei's Gap, to Beach Grove, in Bedford county.
On motion of Mr BELL, of Ohio,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route from Barnes-
ville, through SenecaviPe, to Zanesville, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post  route from
Sandusky City, Huron county, by York Cross
Roads,Seneca Reservation,Tiffin, and Risdon, to
Fmdlay, the seat of justice of Hancock county,
Ohio.
On motion of Mr MITCHELL, of Ohio,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a national armory on the wateis of
the Muskingum, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. SPANGLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of making an appropriation of money
to aid in the construction of a bridge across the
Muskingum river, between the towns of Coshoc-
ton and Roscoe, for the purpose of facilitating the
transportation of the United States mail.    Aleo,
for the construction of a bridge across Vernon
river, near the town of Mount Vernon, for the
same purpose.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appiopnation to erect a light-house at the en-
trance of Bayou St. John, Louisiana.    Also, of
providing a salary and office-rent for the suiveyor
of Port Ponchartram, Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD,
Reioh'ed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Mar-
tinsville,   Morgan   county, via   Lyons's Mills,
Mooresville, Bellville, Danville, and Lebanon, to
Fiankfort, in Clinton county, Indiana; and from
Shelbyville, via   Greenwood   post   office, Port
Royal, and Mooresville, and thence to the house
of David Lindley, in Monroe township, Moigan
county, Indiana.
On motion of Mr CASEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropnation for the improvement of
the great post road from the bank of the Wabash
river, opposite Vincennes, Indiana, by Palestine,
Darwin, Paris, and Danville, to Chicago, on Lake
Michigan, in Illinois.
On motion of Mr DUNCAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a pension agency in the northern
i pait of Illinois, and of granting pensions for five
I years to the widow and heirs of each officer and
soldier killed in the late Indian war     Also, that
| the Committee on Post Roads be instructed to in-
quire into the expediency of establishing a post
! íoute from Danville to Dixon's Ferry, on Rock
j river, from Rushville to Pittsfield, and fiom Bloom-
1 mgton to Springfield, Illinois.
On motion of Mr. McKINLEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the
expediency of establishing a post route from Moul-
ton to Pikeville, by way of Warren's, on Boylt'j
road, and Samuel J. Wilson's, late Burlesson's
settlement, in the State of Alabama.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
a further appropnation to improve the pass into
the harbor of Mobile, known by the name of the
Choctav/Pass, by widening the channel which has
been aheady opened under appropriations hereto-
fore made, that the improvement of the said pass
may be completed
Also, that the Committee on the Public Lands
be instiucted to inquue into the expediency of
making such charge's in the land districts of Tus-
caloosa and Demopolis, as may rendci the land
