1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
offices more convenient to the purchasers of pub-
lic lands
Also, that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a mail route from Claiborne,
by RockyMount.Gamestown, to Captain Cherry's
m the fork of the Alabama and Tombigbee rivers.
On motion of Mr. MARDIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
appropriating a sum of money suffieienfto ex-
tinguish the title of the Creek Indians (in Ala-
bama) to all undisposed of reservations to which
they may be entnled by the treaty of June, lb32
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expeuiency of
compensating Shubael Allen for damages sus-
tained by the depredations of Indians committed
upon his property.
Mr BULL submitted the following resolution,
which lies on the table one day for consideration.
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be lequest-
ed to inform this House what part, if any, of the
sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred dol'ars
was expended m 1832, in improving the naviga-
tion of the Missouri river, and that of the Missis-
sippi rivei, above the mouth of the Ohio nver.
On motion of Mr BULL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
exoediency of establishing a post route fiom Jef-
ferson City, Missouri, to the county seat of
Pulaski county
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request
ed to communicate to this House the repoit of
Captain Andrew Talcott, of the result of obseiva-
tions made by him during the past season, for the
purpose of asceitaming the latitude and longitude
of the several places in the vicinity of the noi thern
boundary of the State of Indiana and Illinois.
Mi. SEVIER submitted the fo'lowmg resolu-
tion, tne consideration of which was postponed.
Resohed, That this House will, on the 4 h Tues-
day of this mon'h, proceed to consider such bills
in the oider in which they stand on the calendar,
as relate exclusively to territorial concerns.
A    resolution   heretofore   submitted    by  Mr
WHITE, of Florida, Culling on the Pi evident of
the United States foi correspondence in lelationto
the invasion of Florida, in 1812, '13, and '14, was
read, considered, and laid on the table.
On motion of Mr PEYTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of allowing the legal representatives of
James McKam comoensation for a piece of artil-
lery furnished for the United States service during
the revolutionary war,
Mr BEAITY offered the following resolution,
which lies on the table one day for considerat on •
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of instructing the Secretary of War to send an
engineer to extend the examinations of the Cum-
berland river from Nashville up to the falls on
said river, with instiuctions to report to the next
session of Congress the íesu't of his examination
as to the piacticability and utility of improving
the navigation of said uver.
On motion of Mi  MILLIGAN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be in-
stiucted to furnish to this House a copy of Captain
Delafield's ¡epoit on the condition of the haibors
m the Delaware river, accompanied by an esti-
mate for the repair and preservation of the same.
On motion of Mi. JARVIS,
Resolved, That theie be a select committee ap-
pointed to examine and report to this House
whether the dnections contained in the joint reso-
lution of April 27, 1820, and July 14, 1832, have
been complied with in the compilation of the
Biennal Register, and whether any measures can
be adopted by winch the intention of Congress,
as expiessed by said resolutions, may be more
effectually executed, ara also to inquire into
the expediency of having the Register published
annually, instead of biennially
Mr. CHILTON ALLAN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which lies on the table one day
(or consideiation:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
dnected !o report to this House the amount of
appropnations made since the <kh April, 1832, (to
include all from a report of that date,) under the
following heads, viz- fortifications," light-houses,
public debt, i evolutionary and other pensions, in-
ternal improvements, including the ouilding of
piers and breakwaters, preservation of ports and
harbors, removing obstructions in rivers and
creeks, &c , and the support of light-houses, in-
cluding all incidental expenses, the amount dis-
bursed in each year, and in each State and Terri-
tory.
Mr EWINGsubmitted a project foranational
bank; which was ordered to be printed.
COMMUTATION   BILL.
The commutation bill was, on  motion of Mr.
CRANE, postponed, and made the special order
of the day for Wednesday next
The House, on motion of Mr. POLK, resumed,
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. IIui>bard in the chair,) the con-
sideration of
THE GENERAL APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr  VANCE offered an amendment, to be in-
serted after the second line.
Mr POLK considered it was not in oider todo
so now, or until the clauses in the bill were all
gone through. This was the rule of the House.
Mr. VANCE understood that the lule applied
to the sections in the bill, not to the clauses, and
that it would not be in order to turn back, if the
section was passed
Mr POLK lead the rules of the House.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the bill should
be taken up and pre greased with where they last
lett oft
Mi. WILLIAMS considered it was always m
oidei to amend a bill befoie the House He dis-
sented, therefore, from the views of the Chan
After a desuUoiy conveisation as to the point
of order,
Mi VANCE offered an amendment to the bill,
as follow  •
He il fmthei enacted, That fiom and after the
passage of this act, instead of the compensation
now allowed by law, there shall be paid to the
within named officers the following sums per
arnum'
To each o{ the Secretaries, of State, Treasury,
Wai, and Nav/, roar thousand doilais. To the
Postmaster Geneial, thiee thousand five hundred
dolíais. To each Assistant Postmaster Geneial,
eighteen hundred dolíais. To each of the Comp-
trolleis of the Treasuiy, two thousand dolíais.
To each of the Auditors of the Treasury, two
thousand dollars. To the Solictor of the Tieas-
ury, two thousand dollars. To the Regu ir of
the Tieasury, two thousand dollars. To the
Preasuier, two thousand dolíais To the Com-
missioner of Indian Affans, two thousand dollars
To the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
two thousand dollars
And that there be deducted f om the compensa-
tion now allowed oy la* to the clerks in the De-
partments of State, Treasuiy, Wai, and Navy,
including those in the Gereral Land Office, at the
I lateof thnty three and one thud per centum pel
j annum.
I That from all officers of the custom, by what-
ever name designated, or in whatever manner
' employed, there shall be deducted from the com-
| pensation now allowed to them by law, at the
late of thirty-three and one thud per centum per
i annum.
That from a!! officers connected with the system
of the public lands, eithei as suiveyors general,
legisteis, receivers, or clerks, there shall be de-
ducted from the compensation now allowed them
by law, at the rate of thuty-thiee and one third
per centum per annum
That from all the cleiks in the Geneial Post
Office, deputy postmasters, their assistants, and
cleiks, there shall be deducted fiom the com-
pensation now allowed to them by law, at the
late of thuty-three and one thud per eemum per
annum.
That from a'l peisons connected with the In-
dian depaitment, as supeiintendents, agents, sub-
agents, interpretéis, agents for removals, commis-
sioners, or in whatevei other tnannei employed,
there shall be deducted from the compensation
now allowed them by law or regulation, at the
late of Unity three and one-third per centum per
annum
That to the. members of the Senate and House
of Representatives, instead of the compensation
now allowed bv law, they shall receive six dollars
per day, and six dolíais for eveiy twenty miles
travel to and from the seat of Government. And
that from and after the expiration of the present
presidential term, the salary of the Pi esident of the
United States shall be fifteen thousand dollars per
annum.
Mr VANCE said he was not in the habit of
making speeches, and should not long detain the
House     The measure which he proposed was his
0 wn, and maturely considered From the present
derangement of the currency, and the general
depiession of business, the salaries of the officers
of the Government weie actually increased in value
to the amount of the reduction which he proposed.
If we are coming to a specie cuirency, it can be
proved, by arithmetic, that in ten years the office-
iioldeis would possess themselves of the whole
wealth of the country, if they are not reduced.
The office hrlders ought, he thought, to. sympa-
thize with the people in their distresses and embar-
rassments The price of all the property in the
country v/as reduced 40 or 50 per cent The
President, with his salary of §25,000, which he
was sorry we could not touch, during his term,
could now purchase, with his $25,000, $50,000
worth of the property of his confiding constuuents.
He wished to teach the men who have monopo-
lized all the offices that they ought not to tamper
with the interests of the community. He even
thought that we ought to reduce our own pay,
though he knew that the lepresentatives in Con-
giess were worse paid than any officers under the
Government, and he was aware that it was ad-
visable to keep the members above the leach of
executive wfluerce His own constituents did not
depend upon office foi suppoit, and then whole
industry was paraljzed. He. had offered the
measuie without concert with any individual.
Mi POLK hoped the House would vote upon
the amendment at once.
Mr WARDWELLofferedthefollowmgamend-
ment to the amendment:
From the compensation now allowed to the print-
ers of the two Houses of Congress, there shall be
deducted thirty-three and a third per centum.
Mi VANCE said the public pi mting depended
upon contract, but he would not object to it now.
Mi PARKER hoped we should take the ques-
tion fiist upon íeducing our own pay.
Mi BURGES said that the President and his
friends in office had by their measures" augmented
their salanes fifty pel cent., aa eveiy commercial
man m the countiy knew. We could not reach
the President, but we could reach those who were
loudly vociferous in the praise of the measures
which enabled them to possess themselves of the
Dioduce of the countiy at half i's value. He was
opposed to the leduction of the daily pay of mem-
bers of this House The pay of members was
actually less now than the salary of a clerk, in
pioportioii tooui expenses While we were here,
we were obliged to suppoit oui families at home.
It would be a discouragement to the middling inter-
est man, v. horn he considered as the best legislators,
to come to this House The printers he would
not touch, because with them we had a contract
Mi CHILTON asked that the question should
be taken upon each clause of the amendment.
The question on i educi"g the salai y of the Presi-
dent was fiist token, and decided in the negative—
yeas 60, nays 88
The question on reducing the salaries of the
heads of depaitments was taken, (ihe members
passing through tellers,) and determined in the
negative—veas 54, nays 90.
¡ The clause i elating to the salary of the attorney
general was i ejected, by a vote of 56 to 79
The c'ause íelative to the Postmaster Genjsral
being unde- consideration—
Mi VANCE would merely state, he said, in
relation to this clause, that ¿,3 500 was the com-
pensation of the Postmastei Geneial until a fev/
yeais ago, when it was raised to $6.000  for the
benefit of ihe man, not the office.
1      Mr. MERCER said, by íaismg this salary,
