THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT_THE CTTY CnTWASHTlS
5¿3d Congress, 1st Session
GTOJV, BY BLAIR & RIVES
SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 1834
Mr. WRIGHT said there were many consider-
ations which would make this a very delicate duty
to be performed by the Secretary. One he would
name, which would be recollected by the Senate.
A short time since, a memorial was presented by
an honorable Senator, coming from the city of
Albany, and he [Mr. Wright] also presented
another from the same city The Senate ordered
the names to these memorials to be printed They
came in from the printer the day before yesterday,
and the one which was said to have been signed
by 2,800 citizens of Albany, was found to contain
the names of but 1,316 Where this mistake
existed he did not know, but there was a great
mistake somewhere. Again, if such an order
should be executed, the report ought truly to repre-
sent the classification and business of the signers.
Further, the gentleman from Kentucky and him-
self had presented memorials from the city o/Troy.
He (Mr M?.) had also information from that
country that mistakes of an important character
existed there too. He mentioned this to show the
■necessity of gentlemen examining the names to the
memorials which they presented The Albany
memorial which he presented, he said at the time,
contained the signatures of 1,700 persons; and he
had since found that it had only 1,606 appended
to it, and therefoie he would suggest to the gentle-
man, whether it would not be better, in view of
these difficulties, to lay the subject on the table for
a few days, with a view to some further investi-
gation of it.
Mr CLAY said he was aware entire precision
was not attainable in the execution of the order,
but an approximation was possible, and a mistake
of some four or five hundred either way was of no
material consequence He believed there would
be some difficulty in distinguishing all the fictitious
names, or erasing them from the memorials He
was willing to take them all together. The gen-
tleman alluded to the mistake in the memorial
from Albany. But was it not possible that u
might turn out that a portion of one memorial had
been detached from it and added to his,' Some-
thing like this had recently occuired in Philadel-
phia, where a long memonal had been got up íela-
tive to the mcorpoiation, by the State of Pennsyl-
vania, of the Dyotville Glass Company A por-
tion of that list of signatures had been cut off and
attached to a deposite memorial, and sent here
As to mistakes, they would be corrected by the
adoption of the order.
Mr WRIGHT took leave to say that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky did him injustice in the
imputation that he had any agency in cutting off
any par- of the memorial alluded to.
Mr CLAY disclaimed any allusion to the hon-
orable gentleman, he only intimated that bui.1i a
thing mis;bt be done
Mr WRIGHT resumed. He believed he un-
derstood the remark as it was meant He never,
since he had been a member of the Senate, made
any reflection upon any oetition or nime upon one
He thought, however, the report ought to give the
names m classes according to their several occupa-
tions, he had no objection to the order with such,
an explanation going with it If there was such a
mistake as he had mentioned in the Albany memo-
nal. shojld it not be explained >
Mr KING, of Alabama, said the gentleman
from Kentucky mu^t be awaie that it was not
proper to act now on this subject. Many of these
memorials had been lefened to the Committee on
Finance, where they would remain until theu
report v. u, bi ought back, and they were, therefore,
not VLiihm the contiol of the Secretary If the
oD,ect wai, hot to act on the subject till the com-
mittee lepoited, he had no objection If it was
oniv to extend to the printed memorials, it might
be «one, hut not to those which had been referred.
Mr CLAY observed that there was always such
free mu rcourse between the committees and officers
of the Senate, that there would be no difhculty in
having a« ei>s to the papers, and ascertaining all
that was m them.
20
Vol. I....No. 20.
The order was adopted.
The CHAIR presented a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a statement
of the expenditures made in the year 1833, at the
national armories.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER,
The Senate took up the resolution submitted by
him a few days since, for the printing of one thou-
sand copies of the Journal of the Old Congress,
with a compendious index for the use of the Senate.
Upon this resolution a debate of some length
ensued, in which Messrs SOUTHARD, KING
of Georgia, POINDEXTER, EWING, BIBB,
and SHEPLEYparticipated,when,without taking
the question, at four o'clock,
Mr. MORRIS moved an adjournment, but gave
way to
Mr. POINDEXTER, upon whose motion it
was ordered, that when the Senate adjourns, it
adjourn until Monday
On motion of Mr. MORRIS, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jipnl 11, 183*.
Mr. ELISHA WHITTLESEY, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, made unfavorable reports on the
cases of William Jettand Jchn Kutts; and
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, on the case of John Perham; which
were read and laid on the table.
Mi ADAMS, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting a pension to
Luke Voorhies.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON reported a bill for the
relief of Jam's Caulfield.
Mr CHILTON leported a bill for the relief of
Colonel Gideon Morgan.
Mr PINCKNEY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
City Council of Chaileston, South Carolina, re-
ported a bill for the repair and completion of the
United States maime hospital, in the city of
Cnarlesi.on
All which bills were severally read and com-
mitted.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr. MAKDis,,in relation to
the deposites; and
Mr CORWIN resumed and continued his re-
marks in opposition to it.
Mr POLK moved the suspension of the rules,
in order to move that the House resume the consid-
eration of thecivil and diplomaticappropnation bill.
Mr. WARD said he considered that the pub-
lic business ought to be the first attended to, and
therefore, he called for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, spoke of the
urgent importance of the private business, and
Mr. POLK urged the necessity of going on with
the appropriation bill
The question being taken, the motion was nega-
tived—ayes 92, noes 93.
The SPEAKERannounced the oider of the day
to be the motion to reconsider the vote rejecting
the bill for the relief of David Kilbourne.
On motion of Mi. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
the fuither consideration of the motion was post-
poned till Fiiday next.
The bill for the relief of Edmund Brooke was
read a third time.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, opposed the
bill
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,moved the post-
ponement of the further consideration of the bill
till Friday next
A quoium not voting
Mr. WHITTLESEY said there was manifestly
a quorum m the House, and he hoped that the day
would not be wasted
Mr HARPER, of New Hampshire, moved the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
Agreed to, 92 to 65.
The following bills were read a third time and.
A bill for the relief of Francis Ogden;
A bill for the fehef of the representatives of
William Rogers, deceased;
A bill for the relief, in part, of the crew of the
brig Sarah George.
The bill for the relief of Gaetano Carusi was
taken up and further postponed.
The bill for the relief ot Susan Decatur, being
the order of the day, it was postponed.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
(Mr Clay in the chair) on the bill to provide for
the payment of pioperty lost and destroyed while
in the military service of the United States during
the late war with Great Britain, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr WHITTLESEY explained the object of
the bill.                                                            J
Mr FILLMORE desired that the bill be read
by sections
Some discussion followed, m which Messrs
WARDWELL, HARDIN.WHITTLESEY of
Ohio, FILLMORE  WILLIAMS, and STOD-
DERT participated.
Mr. HARDIN proposed an amendment, to
restrict the giantmg of any compensation, unless
in cases where the buildings were solely occupied
by the military when destroyed.
Mr DICKSON opposed this, and said he was
inclined rather to enlarge than restrict. When in
order, he would propose to alter the phraseology,
so as to grant compensation where the houses had
been occupied by the United States troops thirty-
six hours pievious to their destruction.
Mr BEALE proposed to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Hardin.
After further debate by Mr. MARSHALL and
Mr   WHITTLESEY—
Mr. EVANS moved that the committee do rise.
The motion was negatived: Ayes 42, noes 57.
No quorum
Mr VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the fact that there was no quorum in
attendance.
The CHAIRMANhavmg ascertained that there
was a quorum in the Hall—
A motion that the committee do rise having been
put, prevailed, whereupon
The committee lose, leported progress, asked
and obtained leave to sit again,
And the House adjeurned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, *lpnl 12, 1S34.
On motion of Mr. KAVANAGH,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be discharged from the further
consideration of tne resolution of the Legislative
Council ot the Territory of Florida, respecting a
road from St. Augustine to Cape Florida, and thai
the same be referred to the Coninmtee on Roads
and Canals
On motion of Mr CONNOR,
Ordeied, That the same committee be dis-
charged flom the further consideration of thecase
of Matthew W. Mountfort,and that it be laid on
the table
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported a bill establishing the territorial
government of Hmon , and
Mi ADAMS, of New York, a bill for the relief
of Benjamin LeUie
All which bills were read twice and committed
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr Makdis in relation
to the deposites
Mr. CORWIN resumed, and concluded his re-
maiks, by movin  to amend the said resolufon by
striking out all after " resolved," and inserting in
lieu thereof the following
" That the reasons of the Secretary of the Treas-
