310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
past administration, the soundness of his politi-
cal principles, the wisdom which has dnected
and the benefits which have resulted from his
measures, they recognise in the course which he
has pursued towards the United States Bank a
patriotic solicitude to maintain the energy of the
Constitution, preserve unimpaired the free institu-
tions of our country, and avert those evils neces-
sarily incident to large moneyed incorporations.
Power is always more mimical to the freedom of
individuals and the political privileges of the com-
munity when it is wielded by men either in their
individual or corpoiate capacity when they are
irresponsible to the people Associations of indi-
viduals favored with peculiar privileges never ftul
to enlarge the sphere of their action by every
means within their reach. Hence it follows they
are impatient of control and ambitious for power,
and when such lrfluence is to be required by
money, the direct tendency is to debase the moral
feeling, by creating and cherishing a spirit of cu-
pidity incompatible with patriotic disinterested-
ness, or the independence of fieemen.
The constitutional power of Congiess to incor-
porate a company of private individuals to make
a monetary ¡system to control the currency of the
country,andlocate then officesatpleasurethrough-
out the States, without the concurrence of the
State Legislatures, has been justly doubted by
our most enlightened statesmen and ablest ex-
pounders of the Constitution, at every period of
our history.                                       *
There cannot, I think, be any doubt entertained,
at this time, that a large majority of the Ameacan
people believe this potent corporation to be a dan-
gerous excrescence on the body-politic, originating
in the idea of financial convenience, growing out
of implication, and cherished by political expe-
diency, until it has acquired a magnitude winch
threatens, by its contaminating influence, to coi-
rupt public virtue, disturb social intercouise, per-
veit our political institutions, and paralyze the
action of the Geneial Government.
Sir, the fttcts which weie developed by the com-
mittee appointed by the House of Repiesentatives
m 1832, to investigate the affairs and ípqune into
the conduct of that institution, created a "vehe-
ment suspicion" in the minds of the people, that the
United States Bank did not confine its opeiations
in the exercise of its corporate poweis alone for
the good of the community, by " inoffensive use
fulnesi " And, sn, facts since disclosed havefixed
the conviction deep in the public mind, that tms
institution, which was designed to be a fiscal agent
of Government^ and a souice of accommodation
to the commercial and tiading portions of our fel-
low-citizens, has transcended its legitimate author
uy, and from being an agent, has employed its
influence and pecuntary means to control public
sentiment,and acqunesupremacy and sway. Such
a power, sir,isdeiogatory to oui republican insti-
tutions, dangerous to oui liberties, and will not be
tolerated or sustained by an enlightened people,
jealous of their high privileges, and tenacious of
their independence
Petitions were presented by Messrs PARKER,
POTTS, HIESTER, and BANKS.
Mr HENDERSON presented resolutions from
sundry inhabitants of Mifflin county, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against the policy of the Ad-
ministration in regard to the United States Bank,
and praying the restoration of the deposites, and
the recharterof the bank Read, laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART presented three memorials
from citizens of the county of Fayette, praying
the restoiation of the deposites.
Also, seven memorials, signed by 675 inhabit-
ants of the same county, approving of the removal
of the deposites, and aeprecating a rechartei of
the Bank of the United States.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting held in the
same county, with resolutions aponving of the
course of the Government in regard to the bank
All which weie ordered to be printed, and laid on
the table                                                                        *
The SPEAKER presented a letter from George
Wolf, Governor of Pernsylvama, transmitting
the resolutions of the Legislatuie of that State on
the subject of weights and measures Read, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.                   I
The SPEAKER presented a memorial from
Benjamin Phillips, on the subject of Steam.
Mr. WHITE, of Louisiana, had (he said) read
the memorial, and had personal knowledge of the
memorialist as a man of science, genius, and ap-
plication He moved the reference of the commu-
nication to a select committee     Agreed to.
Mr ANTHONY presented the memorial of
324 citizens of Turbot township, Northumberland
county, Pennsylvania, against the restoration of
the deposites to the Bank of the United States,
and praying a speedy decision of the question;
which was read, laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, the proceedings of a large meeting held in
Muncy, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, ap-
proving of the course pursued by the National and
State Administrations in relation to the Bank of
the United States, and deprecating the recharter
of that institution, and the restoiation of the de-
posites; which weie read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
Mr B1NNEY presented a memorial fiom 487
inhabitants of Union county, stating that they are
laboring under great embarrassment, and prayins
Congiess to adopt measures for the lestoration of
their former prospenty Read, laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed
Mi MILLIGAN presented the memorial of
73G citizens and legal votéis of Kent county, Del-
aware, representing the unhappy influence which
the removal of the deposites has had upon their
business and pursuits, and praying their restora-
tion Also, resolutions to the same effect from
citizens of the same county Read, laid on the
table, and ordeied to be printed
Mr McKiM rose and said: I have been re-
quested to present the pioceedmgs of a. meeting
held in the 5 h congressional district of Maryland,
as also instructions to me, signed by 3,715 votéis
of said distnct As I admit the right of instruc-
tion, by the majonty, when that majority can be
well ascertained, the only mquuy which 1 deemed
it necessary to make when I received these in-
structions was, whetnei they weie sanctioned by
the signatures of a majority of the legal and qual-
ified votéis of the district, and this could only be
known by an accurate investigation of the poll-
books For that purpose ¡proceeded immediately
to Baltimore, as I did not feel at liberty to vote on
any question affecting the mstiuctions while such
documents as had been piesented remained unin
vestigated by me That investigation has been
made at my instance, and, in part, undei my par-
ticulai inspection. The result is, that of the 3,715
signatuies on the proceedings and mstiuctions,
theie aie 1,802 of the names of the signers to the
same which ate not to be found on the poll-books
at the election held in October last, at which elec-
tion sheriffs were elected for all the counties in the
State. A diffeience of this lemarkable character
leaves me athbeity to make no other conclusion,
consistent with what I believe to be the accuiacy
of the examination had m this affair, than that I
am not instructed by a majority of the legal and
qualified voters of the district, otheiwise than by
my election. I consider it my duty further to state,
that if I had not received the instiiictions prior to
the vote being taken on the resolutions repotted
by the Committee of Ways and Means respecang
the Bank'of the United States and the deposites,
I should have voted with the majonty on ail the
resolutions. I foi bear all further remark, and ask
that the proceedings and instructions be read, and
laid on the table
The papers were accordingly read, and laid on
the table
Mr. HALL, of NoithCaioIma, presented some
memorials from his constituents in relation to the
deposites, which were laid on the table and ordered
to be pi.nted
Mr GRAHAM rose to present a memorial,
with resolutions, adopted at a meeting ot the in-
habitants of Burke county, North Carolina, held
at Morgantown on the <27ih of March last, whicn
he then moved to have read, laid on the table, and '
printed                                                                            .
The resolutions were in approval of the conduct
of Mr Senator Mangum forhts prompt and manly i
vindication of them as signers of a foimer peiition
for the  restorstion of the deposites, &c , from
offensive imputations which weie cast on them by I
a Senator fiom Georgia; and they condemned the
i conduct of Mr. Senator Brown, for representing
that these former pioceedings came before Con-
gress " in a questionable shape," &c. They ie-
solved, " that the opprobrious epithets cast upon
' the proceedings of the meeting in January last,
•by the Honorable JohnForsyth, a Senatoi from
' Georgia, a gentleman of known courtesy m de-
' bate, can only be accounted for by supposing the
'honorable Senator was more than ordinauly
'exhilarated, but whether from the influence of
■'a pot-house,' or a palace, this meeting deem
• immateual," and they approve of the bill for
extending the charter of the Bank of the United
States.
Mr. McKINLEY remarked that some of the
matter contained in the resolutions was of such a
character that the papers ought not to be received.
Mr WAYNE suggested the propriety of having
the motion to lay on the table withdrawn by the
member fom North Carolina.
Mr. GRAHAM withdrew his motion, for the
purpose of giving members an opportunity to de-
bate the subject
The SPEAKER said the House were to deter-
mine, as the proceedings had been read, what dis-
position shojld be given to the papers.
Mr WAYNE said it was the wish of many
members that they should be again read, and he
concurred with them in this desire, as it was his
intention to move afterwards that the paper should
not be received by the House.
The memorial and resolutions were read a second
time
Mr. WAYNE expressed his desire that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina would withdraw the
papers, or postpone any action upon them, as an v
debate which must arise would interfere with the
presentation of othei petitions.
Mr GRAHAM said he could not accede to this,
for he had a duty to peiform to his constituents,
who had a right to insist that their petition should
be presented by him- and taking the usual course,
that it should be laid on the table. The only words,
as it appeared to him, at which cíense could be
taken, was^he word " pot-house "   This was a
I word the petitioners had understood was used by
i the honorable Senatoi from Georgia, in his place
in the Senate, when he stated there that petitions
weie got up in such places .The petitioners, in
using it, therefoie, only thiow the word back to
the place fiom whence it came.    It was not a word
of their coinage------
The SPEAKER interposed   It was notm order
i to refer to the language used in the Senate
¡ Mi GRAHAM renewed his motion to have the
memorial laid on the table, &c
I A desultory conversation, as to the disposition
to be made of the papers, then arose, in which Mr.
, WILLIAMS, Mr  MERCER, Mr. WAYNE,
1 and Mr McKINLEY participated.
I Mr. WAYNE finally moved that the papers
should not be received.
i     Mi. McKINLEY moved to lay this motion on
the table, which motion was agreed to.
So the question of the reception of the papers
i stands over for further debate.
Mr G4MBLE rose to present a memorial from
merchantsm Savannah, against the removal of the
deposites; and was proceeding to state at large the
, objects and contents of the memorial, when
I The SPEAKER reminded him of the necessity
of conforming to the rules of the House, which
I restricted members to a brief statement of their
contents.
I     Mr. GAMBLE moved a suspension of this rule
The House refused—ayes 56, noes 49.    (No
quorum )
A motion to  adjourn was negatived—ayes 48
noes 71.    (No quorum )
Mr PLUMMER moved a call of the House
Rejected
Mr  WAYNE then renewed the motion to ad
journ, which  having prevailed,  (the   memorial
stands over until the next petition day,)
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tulsday, Jipnl 15, 1834.
After the Journal had been read, a message was
received fiom the House of Representatives, by
