1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
Far be it fiom me to charge, or to insinuate,
that the present Senate of the United States intend,
in the most distant way, to encourage such a re-
sult. It is not of their motives or desigr s, but only
of the tendency of their acts, that it is my duty to
speak. It is, if possible, to make Senators them-
selves sensible of the danger which lurks under
the precedent set in their resolution; and at any
rate to perform my duty as the responsible head
of one of the coequal depaitments of the Govern-
ment, that I have been compelled to point out the
consequences to which the discussion and passage
of the resolution may lead, if the tendency of the
measure be not checked in its inception.
It is due to the high tiust with which I have
been charged, to those who may be called to suc-
ceed me in it, to the Representatives of the people,
whose constitutional prerogative has been unlaw-
fully assumed, to the people and to the States;
and to the Constitution they have established, thai
I should not peimit its provisions to be broken
down by such an attack on the executive depart-
ment,without at least some effort " to preserve,
protect, and defend" them. With this view, and
for the reasons which have been stated, I do hereby
solemnly protest against the aforementioned
proceedings of the Senate, as unauthorized by the
Constitution, contrary to its spirit, and to several
of its express provisions, subversive of that dis-
tribution of the powei s of Government which it
has ordained and established, destructive of the
checks and safeguaids by which those powers
were intended, on the one hand, to be controlled,
and on the o.her to be protected, and calculated,
by their immediate.and collateral effects, by their
character and tendency,to concentrate in thehands
of a body not directly amenable to the people, a
degree of influence and powei dangerous to their
liberties, and fatal to the Constitution of their
choice.
The resolution of the Senate contains an impu-
tation upon my private as well as upon my public
character, and as it must stand forever on their
Jouirals,I cannot close this substitute for thatde-
fence which I have not been allowed to present in
the ordinary form, without remarking, that I have
lived in vain if it be necessary to enter into a
formal vindication of my character and purposes
from such an imputation In vain do I bear upon
my person enduring memorials of that contest in
which American libeity was purchased—in vain
have I since periled piopeity, fame, and life, in
defence of the rights and privileges so dearly bought
—in vam am 1 now, without a personal aspiration,
or the hope of individual advantige, encountering '
responsibilities and dangers, from which, by mere I
inactivity m lelation to a single point, I might i
have been exempt—if any seuous doubts can be
entertained a1! to the punty of my purposes and
motives. If I had been ambitious, I should have
sought an alliance with that power'ul institution,
which even now aspires to no divided empue If
I had been venal, I should have sold myself to Us
designs Had 1 preferred peisonal comfort and
official ease to the performance of my arduous duty,
I should have ceased to molest it In the histoiy
of conquerors and usurpers, never, in the fire of
youth, nor in the vigor of manhood, could I find
an attraction to lure me from tne path, of duty, and
now, I shall scarcely find an inducement to com-
mence their caieei of ambition, when gray hans
and a decaying frame, instead of inviting to toil
and battle, call me to the contemplation of other
worlds, where conquerors cease to be honored, and
usurpers expiate tneir crmes Tne only ambition
I can feel, is to acquit myself to Him to whom I
must soon render an account of my stewaidship,
to serve my fellow-men, and live respected and
honored in thehistoiy of my country. No, the
ambition which leads me on, is an anxious desi.e
and a fixed determination, to leturn to the people,
unimpaned.the sacred tiust they ha\econfided to
my chaige, to heal the wounds of the Constitu-
tion and preserve it from fuither violation, to per-
suade my countrymen, so far as I may, that it is
not in a splendid Government, suppoi ted by po wei -
ful monopolies and anstocratical establishments,
that thev will find hippiness, or their Ubei ties pro-
tection, but in a plain system, void of pomp—pro-
tecting all, and granting tavors to none—dispensing
its blessings like the dews of Heaven, unseen and
unfelt, save in the freshness and beauty they con-
tribute to produce. It is such a Government that
the genius, of our people requires—such an one
only under which our States may remain for ages
to come united, prosperous, and free. If the
Almighty Being who has hitherto sustained and
protected me, will but vouchsafe to make my
feeble powers instrumental to such a result, I shall
anticipate with pleasure the place to be assigned
me in the histoiy of my country, and die con-
tented with the belief that I have contributed, in
some small degree, to increase the value and pro-
long the duration of American liberty.
To the end that the resolution of the Senate may
not be hereafter drawn into precedent, with tne
authority of silent acquiescence on the part of the
executive department; and to the end, also, that
my motives and views m the executive proceedings
denounced in that resolution may be known to my
fellow citizens, to the woild, and to all posterity,
respectfully lequest that this message and protest
may be entered at length on the Journals of the
Senate                          ANDREW JACKSON.
Jlpnl 15th, 1834.
The protest having been read—
Mr. POHNDEXTER said he did not rise to dis-
cuss at this time the several topics touched upon
in this extraordinary paper, nor to express the
feelings of indignation which the papei had ex-
cited, and ought to excite in his bosom, and m
that of every honorable member of the Senate,
and which it must excite in that of every patriotic
ciuzen. He would leave that for another and
more suitable occasion His present object was
to protest against the reception of this papei, and
he now moved that the papei be not received.
He would go as far as any man in paying due
respect to an executive communication, coming
within the constitutional range of the executive
authority, but when the Chief Magistrate departs
from that constitutional tange, and makes the
Senate the medium through which to make popu'ar
appeals, and fulminate charges against the charac-
tei of the Senate itself, he, for one, would resist
such a course of piactice The paper, in its allu-
sions to the resolutions of the gentleman fiom
Kentucky, was most novel and uiipiecedented in
its cnaracter, and if so, what appellation could be
found suitable foi this most singular paper' Was
such a thing ever dreamed of before' Was there
an instance on the Journals of Congress, from the
origin of the Government up to the present time,
like it' It was not an executive message, but a
paper which the Piesident had no authouty to
send here—it was a mere paper, signed Andrew
Jackson, nothing else; and if we refused to íeceive
it, it would not be the first instance of a paper
signed Andrew Jackson being refused a hearing
heie Onaformer occasion,another paper,which
h.s best fnends were ashamed of, was presented
here, and sent back to him—the offensive parts in
it were struck out, and then it was received. Mr.
P. íegarded this as an attempt to bring this branch
of the Government, standing between the liberties
of the people and the vast strides of aibitrary
power, into utter disiespect and contempt Was
theie eny power winch the Executive did not now i
claim' lie contended there was not one, except 1
that which belonged to the Court of King's Bench ]
in England, going upon the bench of the Supreme i
Court" and p.esidmg there.                                         I
We have here, to be sure, a qualified veto, by
which we can overrule him by two-thirds, but with 1
the patronage of the Blue Book, what measuie
was there that he could not be supported .n > .
But what use had he made of his powei of the 1
veto'    Why, that he would exeic.se it in consid- |
eung any law which he could not approve in his
capacity as a member of Congress    And what
then became of the legislative power'    We were
mere diudges—we might prepare bills, discuss,
amend and pass them, and when passed we may
go to theimpenal head, and he will tell us whether
they shall be laws or not.   He might as well go
to the Judges of the Supieme Court, and direct
them what judgment they  should give.    The
Repiesentatives of the States weie held in meie
mockery—the whole legislative power of the Gov- |
eminent was placed in the hands of one man—he j
claims the power of removal from office, and being
the commander-in-chief of the army and navy,
and having unlimited control over the Treasury,
was there any other powei remaining, that he did ¡
not possess' Perhaps he has the power of re-
moval, and perhaps he ought to have it; and upon
this basas he claims the right to exercise a legiti-
mate power for illegitimate purposes; so that there
was now no power in the Constitution which might
not be perveited to the supremacy of the Execu-
tive will Tax^s may be constitutionally laid on
the people, but if they be laid for the purpose of
maintaining the clergy, it would be unconstitu-
tional. He has the power of appointment and
removal; but can he exercise this power, which is
given him, for the purpose of attaining a power
and authority which is not given him' He kicks
one Secretary of the Treasury out of office because
he would not do the duty enjoined on him, and
thus he marches up to the Treasury, and scatters
the funds of the people abroad among his political
friends, which, by the by, is a good deal needed
these hard times. Mr. P. contended that this was
the exercise of a power which might overturn the
Constitution itself. Suppose the Constitution
should give the Secretary of the Treasmy the
power of appointing his own clerks—it would be
constitutional The Secretary makes out his list
of clerks—the President has another hbt made out
by his under-workers, which he sends in to him.
But the Secretary may say, I have the power of
making all m.y clerks, and I prefer my own; to
which the President would respond, I do not dic-
tate to you, you must exercise your own judg-
ment, but if you don't appoint my list, I will turn
you out of office.
This is no message; it is merely a paper signed
Andrew Jackson; and much more dangerous in its
tendency than the paper which the same man sent
here in 1819, and which the Senate kicked out of
doors. Tnen, he held the military power only—
now, he holds both the civil and military. Tins,
Mr P. said, was a measure calculated to produce
no general good It was merely an attack on this
body. It would make a good article for a certain
official joui nal, butit was unfitforthe serious con-
sideration of the Senate. He would spurn «from
the Senate, it was an attempt to use the Senateaa
the medium through which to assail the body
itself—this body which stands as a barrier between
the people and the encroachments of executive
power—upon which liberty may repose, without
danger, to the íemotest posterity. Destroy this
branch, and, with the aid of the Blue Book, no
limit can be set to the extent of executive power.
It is a most miserable attempt to sustain that power.
But it is nothing more than the Executive has said
in his private chamber, and what appears daily m
the columns of the executive journal itself.
Mr. P. concluded by moving that the paper be
not received.
Mr. SPRAGUE rose to make but a very few-
observations upon this mostextraordmaiy paper.
And what he would say was more in grief than in
angei, for whatever other feelings, on ordinary
occasions, he might have, on such an occasion as
this, the papei, coming from such a source, and
being calculated, if sustained, to produce such an
injurious effect ujpon the institutions of the coun-
try, that all other feelings must be merged in that
of deep regret. The claims of executive author-
ity and power, in this document, leave no other
department in the Government than a single ex-
ecutive will. He says all executive power is
vested in him, that heisiesponsiblefor the acts of
eveiy executive officer, and that all the powers
given by law are vested in him as the head and
fountain of all, that he is the sole Executive, and
that all executive power is merged in him individ-
ually. In what language does he speak of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury' He speaks of his power
overftis Secretary, and íepeats the President's con-
trol over his Secietaiy, and thus he is the Secre-
tary of the Pies'dent, and not the Secietaiy of the
laws, oi of the Treasuiy, and if so, eveiy headof
every department is his Secretary. Your Major
General u> his Major General, and all the officers
of the country are his officers He then has forty
thousand officers, who are all hisomcers; and thus
corresponds well with tne expression to the Phila-
delphia committee, that this is "My Government."
But what more does he say' He has gone be-
yond what has ever been claimed here by his most
ardent friends, and supporters of executive power.
He has said that, bv the Constitution, he must
have possession of the public money and public
